___NIER,ICA.N SENTINEL. 395 Subjects of the Kingdom. "MAMA, I've been thinking of Christ's coming, and trying to understand how everything fits together, and I must say I feel puzzled. I understand something about the reason why we have had such a history of woe for six thousand years. It is because earth has been the stage upon which the drama of good and evil has been working outŠnot only before men, but also before the angels of God. Lucifer's war against the government of God in heaven was transferred to the earth through the volun-tary choice of Adam; for he was disloyal to God. I un-derstand some things; but, mama, why has the world gone on six thousand years in sin and woe? Could not the angels see the malignity of Satan's plan of govern-ment long before this, and could not the government of heaven have been sure of their loyalty long ago?" "Yes; I think so. It has been for man's sake, for Christ's sake, for the fulfilling of the purpose of God." "How, mama?" "What did God create this earth for, Charlie? You may read Isa. 45:18." "For thus saith the Lord that created the heavens, God himself that formed the earth, and made it; he hath established it, he created it not in vain, he formed it to be inhabited." "Well, I am sure I cannot see how that answers the question. It only mixes things up more. If the world is to be inhabited, why does it have to come to an end?" "I am going to ask you a few questions now," said Mrs. Ross. "How many people out of each generation do you think have been loyal to God?" "There were not very many in Noah's day," said Charlie, thoughtfully. God told Elijah that there were seven thousand in his day. At the time of Christ there were not very many, but afterward a good many thou-sand were converted. During the Dark Ages there were millions who were true unto death, and to-day there is a very great number who believe in Jesus. I suppose, though, that when the test of the last days comes, many will go back to this world." "No doubt," said Mrs. Ross. "But what proportion of the generations of the world have been heirs of the kingdom of God?" "0, only a small proportion," said Charlie. "Do you remember who is called the father of the faithful?' asked Mrs. Ross. "Yes, Abraham." "You remember that Jesus said to the Jews who claimed to be Abraham's seed, that they were not the seed of Abraham, because they did not believe on him. I am speaking of this to show you that God compares his children to seed. 'If ye be Christ's, then are ye Abra-ham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.' God has chosen those who are rich in faith to be heirs of the kingdom; but it has taken a long time, and many gener-ations to gather out a sufficient number of faithful souls to repeople the earth. It was to redeem an inhabited earth that Christ died on the cross. Lucifer, under the blaze of the throne, doubted God's love. The people of God are to be under the blaze of the throne; they must be tested on the point of faith in God as a God of love so that 'affliction shall not rise up a second time.' Now do you see why the history of the earth has dragged through six thousand years?" "Y-e-es; but how is it, mama? Is the number nearly made up?" "It is, Charlie. You remember reading how Satan, who is called the prince of this world, because he has usurped Christ's place, is said to have come down having great wrath because he knoweth that he hath but a short time. He is having his last chance to display his scheme of government." "How will Christ come?" "John says, 'Behold, he cometh with clouds and every eye shall see him.' Matthew tells us that 'all his holy angels will .come with him,' that 'he will sit upon the throne of his glory.' He whose right it is to reign will confront his rebellious world'. Those who have cast aside his law will then be in view of what they have lost, and will 'wail because of him,' crying for 'the rocks and mountains to cover them.' But the heirs of the kingdom will say joyfully, 'This is our God, we have waited for him, and he will save us. This is the Lord, we will rejoice and be glad in his salvation.' At that day those who have loved God and made their love manifest by loyalty to his government, will be vindicated and exalted." "I see," said Charlie. "It is just as if a , king of this world had been thrust from his throne by a usurper who won part of the subjects away from the true king, and then the king comes back with an army and power to overcome the enemy. But, mama, will Christ begin his reign on the earth immediately?" "He will manifest his power, but will not come to the earth. Paul says, 'The Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air.' Jesus says that he will send forth his angels to gather together his elect from all parts of the earth. This gathering together of the resurrected and living saints will be the gathering together of subjects of Christ's kingdom. The coming of Christ is compared to the har-vest. 'The harvest is the end of the world.'" 