"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, APRIL 26, 1900. NUMBER 17. Published in the interests of Religious Libertji--Ch.ris-Nan and Constitutional. We Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it Away know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not eidered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it, (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) How CAN the state be religious without maintaining a state religion? 4 4 UNION of church and state leads surely to disunion, discord and strife between church and state. 4 4 GOVERNMENT support Of church institutions is only an indirect form of government support of the church. 4 tat Jr is the right of every person to be in the wrong, in every matter that does not involve the rights of others. 4 A SUNDAY law represents an effort to conform the world to the church; but such conformity always makes the church more like the world. 4 4 THE Omniscient made only one kind.of Sabbath. It was left for human wisdom to discover the "necessity" for both a religious and a "civil" day. 4 4 THE purpose of civil law is not to force all people into uniformity of action; for such uniformity is both against liberty and against unity. Diversity, within proper limits, is much more desirable than uniformity. THE physical needs of mankind do not demand rest upon Sunday more than upon any other day of the week; and the moral needs of mankind demand freedom of choice in the selection of the day. THERE is as much reason for a civil law enforcing the first or the tenth precept of the Decalogue, as for one enforcing the fourth precept. One part of the divine law does not differ in character from, another part. .11 THERE is nothing gained for the cause of religion by forcing men to pay a hypocritical homage to one of its institutions. Every religious law is against Chris-tianity, because it creates hypocrisy, which is an anti-christian thing. The "Two Arms" of "Sabbath" Reform. IN a treatise on the "civil Sabbath," the author, Rev. W. F. Crafts, sets up the claim that two different Sabbaths are essential in the work of Sabbath reform. He says:Š "The right arm, the most important part, of the Sabbath reform, is the promotion of the religious Sab-bath; its left arm, the preservation of the civil Sabbath. These two thingsŠthe Christian Sabbath on the one hand, and the American Sabbath on the other areas distinct as my two arms, that resemble and co-dperate, and yet are by no means the same." This illustration does not fit the case. The reli-gious Sabbath and the "civil" Sabbath, as Mr. Crafts views them, both fall on Sunday. Sunday is his reli-gious Sabbath, and the same day is also the "civil" Sabbath. There are not two Sabbaths here, any more than there can be two arms consisting of the same piece of flesh and bone. 