174 AIDMIEticAiNT Nu 1LO VOL. 10, No. 22. legislators, as the following from the Nashville American, of May 14, plainly shows:Š Mr. Waddell, of Marien, called up the bill excluding persons, who observe another day as the Sabbath from the penalties of the law against violation of the Sabbath. Mr. Stratton moved to lay the bill on the table, and the ayes and noes were demanded. Ayes 36, noes 39. Mr. Heiskell spoke in favor of the bill. The Sev-enth-day Adventists were conscientious, God-fearing people and should be allowed to worship when they saw fit. Mr. Slatter said freedom of conscience was the sub-stratum of the liberties of this country. He argued that if any one church had the power it would stop all the others. Might did not make right. He hoped freedom would be granted the Seventh-day Ad-ventists. Mr. Akin was for maintaining the Christian Sab-bath. If the Seventh-day Adventists could not ob-serve the laws of Tennessee they were not bound to live here. The perpetuity of our country was de-pendent on the maintenance of the Christian Sabbath. Constitutional government and liberty depended on the maintenance of the Sabbath. Mr. Smith said the question was what was right. Was one day holier than another. The Mohammedans said Friday was; the Jew said Saturday; the Christian, Sunday. Each had a different day and quoted Divine authority. He challenged any Christian to cite eccle-siastical edict that transferred the Sabbath from Sat-urday to Sunday. Christians were to-day upholding a pagan in worshiping on Sunday. Street cars were run and railroad trains, and yet they punished men for working on their secluded farms. He wanted equal rights for all. But notwithstanding the fact that the bill was ably championed, it was defeated the next morning, by a vote of 57 to 24. The facts presented by Mr. Smith show plainly that our Sunday laws are the baneful, though logical, fruit of the compromise made between professed Christians and the pagan, sun-worshiping Constantine, fit representative of the Roman Church from that time onward. This compromise has been honored full-long. The time has fully come when the command of God should be heard and heeded by every man: " Choose ye this day whom ye will serve." All good people should thank God and take courage, in view of the fact that our statesmen, legislators, editors, and popular ministers every-where are agitating and discussing this im-portant question. The public mind is being enlightened, and men are daily and intelli-gently deciding whom they will serve. AVhile some are slow to learn, they are nevertheless learning tie priceless principles of liberty, which were held so dear by our forefathers. But alas, others fearing " that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at naught, but also that the" idol " of the great " god baal " should be despised, and " his "magnificence should be destroyed, whom all " Rome " and the world worshipeth," are intrenching themselves behind State laws, and are loudly calling for a national despotism. Having secured an " image " to the papacy, they now demand that this image be exalted " above all that is called God," and that it be worshiped by obedience to unconstitutional and unchristian laws. MORE PRESS COMMENTS ON TENNESSEE PERSECUTIONS. Tennessee Partly Redeemed. [From Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, May 2, 1895.] ALL honor to Judge Parks who recom-mended that the men be pardoned whom he was obliged to condemn, under the letter of a bad Sunday law: And all honor to Governor Tur-ney who, on the 9th of April, pardoned five of the Sabbath-keeping Adventists who were still in jail at Dayton, Tenn. The injustice which has been done to those Sabbath-keepers has aroused a storm of indig- nation, North and South alike. The Chatta-nooga Times and other journals in Tennessee, have done nobly in " speaking out " upon the wrong and shame which has been done in these cases. Such words and the act of Governor Turney go far to compensate for the bigotry and injustice of lesser men. And we trust that all things combined will result in a speedy abrogation of the law which has made such injustice possible. The fact that the Sunday laws are not executed, and cannot be enforced against common labor, except in such cases as of the Sabbath-keepers at Graysville, makes the need of repeal all the greater. Through-out the land, the pretended observers of Sun-day break the laws at will, especially the larger corporations, and the State and national governments, while those against whom big-otry can array local and temporary prejudice are made to suffer. There seems no room for doubt that the enforcement of the Sunday laws against re-spectable labor on Sunday, would hasten their repeal in almost every case. The friends of these laws know, and acknowledge, that their formal continuance is secured only by non-enforcement. This fact alone brands the per-secution of Sabbath-keepers as a double shame. Again we say, honor to Governor Turney and Judge Parks. [From the San Juan Times, Farmington, N. H., April 19.] THE prosecutions of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists of Graysville, Tenn., for violating the Sunday law, are causing a deal of comment and hostile criticism. It appears that the prose-cutions are the result of the determined perse-cutions of their enemies; but it has not been denied that the Adventists are a quiet, law-abiding people, and were laboring for the good of their fellow-men. None of the work was of a nature to disturb the quiet or peace of the neighborhood. This sect had an academy at Graysville, where young persons were being fitted for lives of usefulness. The school prospered, and one hundred pupils were enrolled. Judge Parks at the trial, stated that his sympathies were with the defendants, but that the law was plain, and his duty was to enforce it. The judge said : " If I were to express my private feelings, there is nothing I regard with more concern than the encroachments of legislative enactment upon the rights of the individual in matters of conscience." Now, the argument of the Adventists is that they are obeying the law of God in working six days and resting on the seventh. The com-mandment as to keeping holy the Sabbath day is repeated in our churches frequently, and the seventh day referred to as the day of rest. Our laws generally hold with the Christian idea of recognizing Sunday as the Sabbath. Here we have a law-abiding set of people who hold that the seventh day is the Sabbath. Now, as a matter of individual right, can they be forced to recognize another day also? It is to be remembered that this is a question of conscience, not of mere personal liberty. The result is strange. Here is a question of belief, and statute cannot settle it because it is held to be a mat-ter of Divine command. Are not these pros-ecutions merely persecutions ? No one con-tends that any man can enforce a right to become a nuisance on the Sunday, but with reference to certain duties and work, how far should statutes prevail ? Again, what is Sunday ? Sunday is the first day of the week, the day fixed upon by the Christians for rest and religion. The Sabbath, the day appointed by God as a day of rest, was undoubtedly originally the seventh  day, not the first, and so here appears an anomaly. The resurrection of Christ on the first day led to the institution of Sunday as Sabbath by the Christians. Here, then, is a matter of belief and conscience, and theŁ  argu-ment arises, how far should a legislature go, in interfering with the religious tenets of a peo-ple, when it is contrary to the very rights of that people, and the policy of the nation, to assert control in matters relative to religion ? Religion by Law is Not "Religious Liberty." [From the Washington Chronicle.] THE tendency is more aggressively manifest than at any period of this country's history toward a practical establishment of a " State" or governmental " religion." Any law that touches, directly or remotely, the subject of any system of religion or religious belief, or requiring any kind or degree of religious ob-servance or practice, is to that extent enforcing a " State " religion, and a union and coopera-tion of Church and State. The most general application of a law-religion is the laws upon observance of Sunday as a " holy" day. Only biblical Christians regard Sunday as a holy day, and certain distinct sects of Christians absolutely reject Sunday and believe in Satur-day as the Sabbath or holy day of the Bible. The Hebrew religionists, believing in the Old but not the Christian Testament, reject Sunday and observe Saturday as the " Lord's day." But, despite this diversity of opinion, belief and faith, among Christians themselves, and though we regard this a land of absolute di-vorce and separation of Church and State, of religion and government, yet statutory and municipal laws and rules everywhere abound enforcing a specific religion, a particular in-terpretation of the Bible, that adopted as part of the religious systems of Roman Catholicism and most of the Protestant sectsŠthe Sunday " Sabbath " religion. Severe penalties are inflicted in many or most parts of the country for ignoring that law-religion and adopting any other course of life than that required by Sunday laws. At this moment a number of moral and reputable citizens of Tennessee are imprisoned and suffering untold indignities, persecuted by "religious despotism "Šthe enforcement of the odious and despotic Sunday law of Ten-nessee. These victims of religious despotism are members ,of that most reputable sect of Christians known as Seventh-day Adventists. They keep Saturday as the " Lord's day," regarding it as the day mentioned as the holy day in the Bible. "The Finger of Scorn." Ł [Front the Red Wing (Minn.) Argus, May 9.] THE Progress, published at Minneapolis, Minn., comes out with a ringing editorial under the caption of " Modern Religious Ł Per-secution." It first speaks of the act of the gov-ernor of Tennessee in granting pardon to the imprisoned Adventists, and adds: " The act of the governor in exercising the pardoning power in this case is upheld by the best sense of the commonwealth of Tennessee and will be approved by the lovers of justice and liberty everywhere." In giving an account of these persecutions for the last ten years, the Progress goes on to say that " fifty-three have been convicted and thirty have suffered imprison-ment." Then follows a statement which should be placed in the hat of every friend of enforced rest. It is as follows: "The observance of the first day, of the week instead of the seventh as a day of rest was a change made by the 