372 TI-18 SENTINEL. the States singly, when combined may fairly ex-pect to carry the whole lump. And no religious hierarchy or other religious combination aiming for civil power ever yet knew where to stop when once it was able to set the ball in motion. There need be no surprise that ROme would bless the republic of Brazil. She would bless anything for the sake of getting a leading influ-ence. She would even bless the excommuni-cated king of Italy, were he to restore the temporal power of the pope. Nor need we feel secure against the spirit of religious intolerance merely because we live in a great republic. "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," no matter what the character of the government. It matters not whether the church be Catholic or Protestant, or whether the State be monarchical or republi-can,Šthe union of Church and State is death to the liberties of the people. W. N. GLENN. An Appeal to the Baptists. BAPTISTS can boast no ordinary ancestry. Wycliffe, Huss, the Waldenses, Albigenses, and hosts of noble men and women reaching into the earliest ages of the Christian era, were Baptists. They held the truth on more points than that of baptism. Says Benedict in his "History of the Baptists," they were " always found on the side of religious liberty." This is, perhaps, too little un-derstood. Jesus first introduced it to the world in the land of Judea, when he said, " Render there-fore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22 : 21. Civil power belongs to Czesar ; that which pertains to the conscience belongs to God. Civil government may be illustrated as follows. A dozen men emigrate to some wild land together. Every one of these men has certain personal " rights." Suppose each one stands guard over his own rights from the encroach-ments of the other eleven, as well as from the attacks of surrounding foes. Think you there would be much chance for real union and broth-erly kindness among them ? Tired at length 'of living with his hand against every man, and every man's hand against him, each one of these twelve concludes to delegate his power to some one of their number, whom they unanimously choose. Accordingly, they draw up a declaration of rights, agree upon rules of conduct, define the penalties for their violation, and delegate-to their chosen representative the executive power. All these colonists unite their powers for mutual as-sistance. _Everyone now has twelve times as much protection as lie had before, with none of the cruel suspicion, care, and selfishness, and with a far wider sphere of usefulness and happiness. How much power has he who'is elected head or. ruler ?ŠJust as much and no more than the eleven had to give to him. Such is civil govern-ment. The Lord has a moral government over all his creatures, a moral law for them, i. e., the ten commandments, with power to enforce its obedience under. penalties which in his own time will_be inflicted. It is sacrilege for a civil, gov-ernment to touch in any way God's govern-ment, compelling man to obedience. God him-self does not do this. While he invites the sinner, he does not force him to obey, and he has never authorized man to do so.., He leaves each one free to believe, or to disbelieve and perish. _ This is religious liberty. Has man any right whatever to change the plan of God ? Baptists have always said, No; yet  there is a people in our midst who are endeavoring most earnestly, with influence and means, to bring about such a change in the Constitution of these United States that laws may be made to com-pel the conscience of men, thus uniting civil with ecclesiastical power. They had a trial of this unholy union in the early settlement of New England. " Religous free-dom and religious intolerance governed respect-ively the adjoining colonies of Boston and Ply-mouth. The settlers at Plymouth were organized as a church before they left Holland, and as such they landed on our shores. This church was formed on the principle of entire separation from, and independence of, all human authority. An-other principle adopted by the church at Plymouth was that ecclesiastical censories are wholly spirit-ual, and not accompanied with temporal penalties. The first settlers at Boston and vicinity belonged, for the most part, to the other class of non-con-formists who did not, while in England, separate wholly from the Established Church, though they opposed her corruptions. 'When at length they embarked for America, they came as members of the Church of England. (It will be remembered that this church has always held to the union of civil and religious power.) It is a well-known fact that most of the persecuting measures which disgraced those Anglo-Puritans, and were for ages a source of vexation and annoyance to all dis-senters from their petty hierarchy, were carried on by the Boston Company and their descendants; while in all the region of the Plymouth settlers, a mild, benignant toleration, with scarce an ex-ception, was always enjoyed."ŠBenedict's History, pages 427, 428. Baptist ministers, writing from these colonies, said: "It seems strange that Christians in New England should pursue the very same persecuting measures which they fled from old England to avoid."----/b., p. 887. In the case of Sir Roger Williams, the same historian says: " But the most obnoxious position, and indeed the heresy of all others the most dan-gerous and pestilential in the estimation of the Puritan Fathers, was that the civil magistrates had no right to punish breaches of the first table, Ł or, to vary the expression, to legislate in matters of conscience and religion."ŠP. 482. Gover-nor Winthrop testifies of Roger Williams:' "It thus appears that the object of the government in directing his immediate apprehension at the time, was to prevent the-establishment of a colony in which the civil authority should not be permitted to interfere with the religious opinions of the citi-zens." Sir Roger Williams was a Baptist. His broad, clear-minded views, his self-sacrificing ad-herence to the right, did much in moulding New England and giving her a world-wide fame for staunch integrity, though Connecticut retained her sacro-secular power till 1818, and Massachu-setts till 1833. On this subject see "Emancipa-tion of Massachusetts" and similar works. It was in view of the fearful results of uniting civil with ecclesiastical power in New England, that the far-seeing, noble men who framed the Constitution of the United States purposely left out of it all mention of God or his worship. We have prospered under this Constitution into the greatest nation in the world; is the next chapter in our history to be a religious despotism.? I am a Baptist, the child of a Baptist as far back as I can trace my lineage, through New-port, Rhode Island, to New England. Shall we prove recreant not to the principles for which our  fathers suffered ? Can we cry, With Rev. Herrick Johnson, of Chicago, while interfering with God's government in trying to enforce Sunday rest, "Oh for one breath of the Puritan l" ? Will we not seize the already drooping colors of American religious liberty and bear it aloft in this crisis, in the eyes of a gazing world and an approving heaven E. Steward, A. M., in Florida Bap-tist Witness, August 21, 1889. Some Points of Interest. IT seems that the Sunday-law fever has struck Riverside, this State, and the city council has been asked to pass a Sunday ordinance Which shall supply, at least to some extent, the lack of a State statute upon the subject. Referring to this movement, the Press and Horticulturist, the lead-ing paper of that thriving Southern city, says:Š "Although we have the highest respect for those Ł who urge this step, we cannot feel that such an act would be Ł expedient. We have already too many laws, and are endeavoring to secure by statute that which should be the voluntary act of the citizen. It is net known to just what length it is desired to go in this matter, but if it is merely to. prevent things which are evil there is a more effectual way of reach-ing them, and one which can have less doubt regard-ing its constitutionality or propriety. We allude to restrictions as to time of closing of places of business under a business license. Such a method will not make it a crime to take a ride or other innocent en-tertainment with one's family, nor attempt to inter-fere with the freedom of the individual in other di-rections. Ł It will be aimed alone at an evil it desires to cure. No local Sunday law can reach those who privately indulge in billiards and cards cn Sunday. But a police regulation may prevent them where they are publicly carried on, as well and possibly betterŠ _ better because it would have almost unanimous pub-lic sentiment to back itŠthan a religious ordi-nance. " It is too generally assumed that it is the atheistic and irreligious classes alone who bject to a Sunday law. Such is not the case. There 'are those who ask in the name of their religion that Sunday be not made a religious day, because they hold that another day is the one which should be observed. It is true that this element is a small minority, but its rig. is should be held no less sacred than those of such as believe Sunday to be the holy day. - "Rowdyism and immorality are more objection-able when obtrusive on a day which a large majority of the people hold in reverence; and yet majority should not rashly legislate in in tters of c nscience." There are a few points of interest in these par-agraphs which we wish to notice. It is true, as the Press says, that no Sunday law can reach those who privately play cards and billiards on Sunday, but there is one thing that Sunday laws can do, they can and do cause a great deal of private gambling, drinking, and other abomina- tions on Sunday. To foster idleness is to foster immorality in those not restrained by strong re- ligious convictions, hence not only the folly but the wickedness of civil laws requiring people-  to keep a Sabbath. Those who have a conscientious regard for any day will keep it without a law, while those who have no such convictions, though they may be compelled to abstain from labor, business, and public amusements, will be all the more likely to engage in objectionable private practices. As the Press remarks, the atheistic and irrelig-ious classes are not the only ones who object to the Sunday laws; but suppose they were; has the State a right to. require an atheist to ob: serve Sunday, or any other day, simply because he is an atheist? We have-'no right to say that because the atheist is in error he has no rights. The State cannot decide who is in error, or if it does so Aecide, where shall it stop? If it can de- 