0,0  0AOT JUSDoz  to  44.  % Ł dnu t,.. -.- .. '-Ł!.04,1't, -,;a—,  --- Ł 7 ,./.,- - ',1  -‚ Ktee T ErAgtge,40rt it  .^te, ,", mio TUE GMIsch FOREVF.1' 62 1 E AMERWAN SVNTINVL. The movement has spread with wonderful rapidity. The Russian papers of 1877 re-ported then a membership of 300,000, and in 1881. a membership of 400,000. A care-ful estimate can claim fully one million adherents at present. Pastor Dalton, who has been a Protestant preacher in St. Petersburg for many years, in a work on the " Church of Russia," just published, claims two millions for the Stundists. The Established Church has regularly ap-pointed missionaries to work among the Stundists and bring back the " heretics" to the Mother Church. The result has been a dismal failure, and that for no other reason than that the Stundists are morally, intellectually, and religiously by far the superiors of their oppressors. These methods having failed, blind brute force is being applied at the demand of the ec-clesiastical authorities. One of the clear-est lessons of history is that the blood of the martyr has been the seed of the Church. The same is proving to be true in the case of the Stundists also. Reliable reports state that the movement is spreading as never before.ŠChristliehe Welt, Leipzig, De-cember. Ł-Ł  WE are sorry that a Christian At Work should hold that Christianity is not a part of the common law of the land; Fie! Fie Change your name or your position. ŠPresbyterian Journal, Philadelphia. " Fie, fie" may carry the strength of an argument with our neighbor to the south, but not with the Christian at Work. But passing that, we have just this to say on the subject, and in the briefest manner. Christianity is part of the common law of some States, but not of the Nation, and so is not part of the common law of the land. It is part of the common law of the States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, Pennsylvania, but even here only in a very limited sense, as when the privileges of others are assailed, or there is a ten-dency to disturb the peace. On the other hand, the Supreme Court of Ohio has ex-pressly declared that " neither Christian-ity nor any other system of religion is a part of the law of the State." This decis-ion was reaffirmed afterwards; and still later the same Court said," If Christianity is a law of the State, like every law it must have a sanction; adequate penalties must be provided. . . . No one seri-ously contends for any such doctrine in this country, or I might almost say, in this age of the world." 23 Ohio State Reports. And other States have reached like decisions. Obviously that can not pertain to the common law of the land which is expressly repudiated by a part. And when we come to the Federal Consti-tution we find no mention of God in itŠnot even in the oath. Furthermore, the eleventh article of the treaty with Tripoli contains the declarationŠ"As the Govern-ment of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion . . . it, has 'no enmity against Mus-sulmans," etc. As we have said, we are a Christian people Ł we are not a Christian Nation with Christianity inwrought in its common law. So we return the Pres-byterian Journal's "fie, fie " for use else-where, and concluding with the Journal's permission to retain our name and main-tain our position, we wish it a very, good morning.ŠChristian at Work. rePatrEIDIV.A.14 &Haim Libertil 1185061A1011 DE GLIIIIIITION OF PRING1PLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submitŁ ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable ineans to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, Mien. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. ON February 17 the State Senate of New York passed a bill " exempting the Brooklyn Tabernacle from taxation," THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union is petitioning the Legislature at Albany quite persist-ently and industriously, in reference to the closing of the World's Fair at Chicago. STATE SENATOR PLUNKITT has introduced a bill in the Legislature for the appropriation of money to keep open the American Museum of Natural His-tory, in this city, on Sunday afternoons and two evenings in the week, in addition to its present hours. THE manager of Redmond's Opera House, Grand Rapids, Michigan, who has been drawn through the courts several times for Sunday night perform-ances, has again been arrested and found " guilty of attending an entertainment on Sunday evening." The case is to be appealed. A RESOLUTION has been introduced in the House of Representatives, by Mr. Otis, of Kansas, which proposes to close the World's Fair one day in seven, without making any reference to Sunday. Perhaps the framer of this resolution thought in this manner to shift the onus of discrimination in favor of a day of religious observance upon the World's Fair Com-missioners. UNDER the title " Rights of Sabbath-keepers," the Iowa Workers' Bulletin has the following:Š " Near Nortonville, Kansas, is a large colony of Seventh-day Baptists. A few months ago, the trustees of a school district near that place under-took to bond their district for the erection of a new school building; and in order .to carry a bond elec-tion, set the day of election for Saturday. Ł Thus the Seventh-day Baptists were practically disfranchised. This led to a suit, of which the Nortonville News says the following :Š " The case of S. H. Stillman et al. vs. J. H. Free-land et al. involving the legality of a bond election held in school district No. 73, in Atchison County, on Sept. 5, 1891, was, on trial in the Atchison District Court this week. Two main points were involved in the case: one whether the Board has the right to call an election to be held on Saturday in a district where a majority Šnearly two-thirds in this in-stance observe that day as the Sabbath ; and the other, whether the affirmative vote mus'z be a ma-jority of the electors residing in the district. Ques-tions as to the sufficiency of the petition for an  election and the notices thereof were also in the case. "The Sabbath Recorder gives the result thus:Š "Later it was announced that the case was de-cided in favor of the plaintiffs, the election being declared illegal. If, therefore, this was a case in any sense designed to compel the Seventh-day people to violate the Sabbath, or lose their franchise in a matter of public interest, it was a signal failure, as it deserved to be." Ł Ł Tin Church Temperance Society, the Society for Improving the Condition of the Poor, Charity Or-ganization Society, New York Sabbath Committee, American Sabbath Union, Society for the Suppres-sion of Crime, Society for the Suppression of vice, West End Protective League, West End Excise Re form, City Reform Club, Municipal League, and City Missions, have all banded together to defeat the excise bill now before the Legislature, and have issued a call for prompt financial aid. This is a remarkable array of organized forces. If they were honestly directed for the extirpation of the saloon and liquor evil, they would command re-spect; but they leave the actual issue, and rise up -to tilt at a shadow and not to accomplish any re-form. DETECTIVE WISHART, of the Newark Law and Order League, has, it seems, been in very close at-tendance upon the saloons of that city, of late, du-ring the hours of Saturday night and Sunday. He has communicated the result of this intimate ac-quaintance with their doings, in detail, to the Ł  Mayor; Chief of Police, Excise Commissioner, City Attorney, &c. Mayor Haynes, of Newark, when interviewed by a reporter for the New York Sun, said :Š I am astonished to find that a man who comes here to the city of Newark from Pittsburg spends his time on Sunday in saloons as he has. He is not yet entitled to vote in this city. He could not have got his information in any other way except from a personal examination of the saloons. I am sorry to find that he spends his Sundays in that way instead of going to church. The Police and Excise Boards have " placed the communication on file." THE Mail and Express publishes a "special " from Chicago as follows:Š A despatch received at the World's Fair head-quarters from Louisville says that unless a pro-vision is added to the bill before the Legislature for an appropriation of $100,000 for the Kentucky ex-hibit at the Exposition, urging the closing of the exhibit on Sunday, and permitting liquor to be sold on the ground, money would not be voted by the various Kentucky counties. There is a strong re-ligious element throughout the State. There certainly must be a peculiarly strong reli-gious element, to make so determined and -united a stand for Kentucky Bourbon and the Kentucky Sunday. The commissioners have already granted one-half the prayer of these exemplary Kentucky Christians and admitted their whiskey; and as the latter half of the petition is found on investigation not to be inconsistent with the first, it may yet be that that will be granted also. -eo  Darkest Russia publishes the following letter from Mr. Spurgeon on the persecutions in Russia:Š ' " 1VIENTONE, Dec. 24th, 1891. "Dear Sir,Š I am not well; but if I had all the health and strength that could fall to the lot of man I should be quite unable to express my feelings when I read of Russian intolerance towards the Jews and Dissenters. That this conduct should be sanctioned by a Church bearing the name of Chris-tian and Orthodox is as sad as it is strange. The genius of the religion of Jesus is love, not harsh-ness and oppression. Surely there must be thou-sands of Greek churchmen to whom the persecution of other religionists must appear to be shocking. Cannot their consciences be reached? The Czar is generally injuring his own country by driving out those of God's ancient people who have found rest in his land. No country can trample upon Israel with impunity. Jehovah is patient; but as there came a day for Pharaoh, so will there be a set time for every oppressor. In that coming day, when R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 