CHICAGO, SEPTEMBER 20, 1900. 10 1010Ł11111110MOOMINIMI ffn,q man hear my words; and belieue not 'judge him not 1-Jesus chtist:' VOLUME 15 'CO "  THE SENTINEL OF 'LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, } C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. THE Golden Rule can not be made operative through legislation. IF righteousness can not be established in a na-tion by Christian lives, it can not be set up by Christian votes. No law or institution can have a stable equi-librium unless it is founded on a principle that is eternal. IF the civil government should undertake to deal with sin it would expend so much energy in that way that it would be rendered wholly inadequate to deal with crime. PEACE and order, respect for law, and general prosperity are the fruits of love of justice and re-spect for natural rights. The despot may secure respect for force, but respect for law demands that the law-conform with justice. A ZEAL for "the law" may be only an evidence of Pharisaism. .at CHRISTIANITY is instituted to preserve righteous-ness among men.; civil governments are instituted to preserve only rights. THE Sunday law of a pagan emperor of Rome (Constantine, 321 A. n,), made in behalf of a pagan institution, was the parent of all Sunday legislation. RIGHTS never conflict; they run in parallel lines. In other words, they are equal. The poor man has just as many natural rights as the rich man, and just the same rights. rIr -4, A LESSON FROM ANCIENT HISTORY. AN idea which underlies much of the effort that is put forth to-day in the interests of moral reform, is that people would be good if they only had a chance to be good. They do not have a chance to be good, we are told, because under existing politi-cal and industrial conditions they are held in slavery against which the individual will and conscience struggle in vain. ' It is declared with great positive-ness that in this condition of " Egyptian bondage " it is impossible for the people to do right, and that what is needed first, therefore, is deliverance from this state of oppression. This is the first great step to be taken in the direction of realizing in society the ideals of Christianity, and this deliverance must be accomplished by the state. The strong hand of the law must be raised to strike off the shackles and 