AMERICAN SENTINEL. 137 A SECT has arisen in the vicinity of Ottawa, Canada, who hold the belief that swine are possessed of the devil, and deem it their duty to conduct a war of extermina-tion against all animals of that species. As the law of that district does not sanction the destruction of swine from religious motives, the sect has come into conflict with the civil authorities, and some prosecutions are threatened. Whatever exceptions are taken to this fea-ture of their belief, it muet be admitted that the view that swine constitute a habitation of evil spirits, is not without some degree of plausibility. The use of swine as food has been known to occasion actions and sensa-tions in individuals w hich might well be considered as sup-porting this view; and it is to be remembered that on one occasion when the Saviour cast out a legion of devils, they went by choice into a herd of swine. And it is further recorded of those who in that day set great value upon swine, that they came and besought the Sa-viour to depart out of their coasts. * A CONSIDERABLE portion of the city of Manila having been burned by the Filipinos, who are fighting the United States forces now occupying the city, the question has arisen whether the United States is not responsible for the loss of property caused by it to the residents, among whom are subjects of European and other governments. The settlement of this question will call for the exercise of diplomacy, and must at least be viewed as a token of the complications in which this Government as an occu-pant of the Philippines will be involved. * THE subject of fraud in spiritualism has at last come to engage the serious attention of Spiritualists, who are stirred over the effect which counterfeit manifestations are having upon the "real truths" of their religion. At the conference of the National Spiritualistic Association at Chicago, February 16, this was a principal topic of discussion, and measures were considered for suppressing the work of impostors. A "strong organization" of the adherents of spiritualism was advocated as the most effective means of prote'tion against those who assume the guise of "mediums" from mercenary motives. * * * THERE are many people who regard the " manifest% tions" of spiritualism as the work of impostors alto- gether. The Spii:itualists themselves do not so regard them, and the measures taken by them at this confer-ence constitute interesting evidence upon this point. Believers in the doctrines of spiritualism ought to be better acquainted with the character of these manifesta-tions than are the general public who know of them only by hearsay and the exhibitions of traveling showmen. Spiritualists themselves know that there are genuine manifestations of "spirit" power, aside from the im-mense amount of fraud which is practiced in the name of spiritualism; and the public, while skeptical now, will yet be convinced that this is true. For it is a plainly-taught doctrine of Scripture that supernatural or "spirit" manifestations will abound in the "last days" in connection with the spread of wickedness and false doctrine, and that these manifestations will culminate in the working of actual "miracles." See Rev. 13:13, 14; and 16:13, 14. * * IN the last days, false doctrine as well as true doc-trine will be supported by miracles, and the manifesta-tion of supernatural power will afford no real proof of the doctrine in connection with which it is given. The doctrines of men must be tested in another way, and those who stand ready to be convinced by the sight of a miracle, are prepared for fatal deception. The divine counsel to all is, "To the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this Word, it is because there is no light in them." Isa. 8:19, 20. The word of Omniscience is surer evidence than the sight of the eye, or the testimony of any human sense. Judged by that Word, spiritualism is indeed a fraud, not as an unreal thing, but a fraud in its very reality, and therefore a deception of the most dangerous kind. It is evident that the time is ripe for spiritualism to assert itself with greater power than it has done for many years hereto-fore. * * * THE antagonism between the Italian government and the Vatican has again come to the surface in connec-tion with the czar's coming peace congress. The Italian government has sent the czar an unqualified refusal to be represented in the conference in case there is a repre-sentative of the Vatican. This statement comes in reply to an effort by Russia and Holland to effect a comprom-ise which'would permit both Italy and the Vatican to participate in the congress. * IT is important, of course, that Italy should partici-pate in the deliberations of this gathering. Italy stands among the leading military powers of Europe, and if not bound by the decisions of the congressŠas would follow if she were not a party to the agreement reachedŠthe whole plan for disarmament would be left upon a very unstable basis. All the powers that are able materially 