ki I! IIII!!illiillll9i—lljlll Ł 1110111i00, Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political. Š Thomas yeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 10, 1891. NUMBER 36. The American Sentinel. PUBLISH= WEICKLY, BY THY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 Bono ST., Naw YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE 'EDITORS, C. P. BouziAN, W. H. MaKEE. WE believe the Church is stronger on its own foundation than When it leans on, something else. Whenever the Church reaches out to the State for help it places God below the civil government, or at least on an equality with it.ŠColorado Graphic. THE great trouble with National Re-formers is that they fail to distinguish between moral government and civil gov-ernment, between the government of God and human governments, between a di-vinely administered theocracy, and a man-made and humanly administered counter-feit theocracy. In a true theocracy God himself is the Ruler; in a man-made the-ocracy men rule in the name of God, but not by his authority, just as popes and kings ruled in the Dark Ages, ﬂ drunken, with the blood of saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." . Ł THE moral law, the law of God, binds the consciences of men. It follows, there-fore, that to make men the-administrators of the divine law would be to give them power over the consciences of their fellow-men. The unavoidable conclusion is that National Reform seeks to endow human governments with the sovereignty of con-science, a sovereignty which, according to the gospel, belongs only to God. It may be said, however, as it has been said before, that National Reform would make the divine law as revealed in the Script-ures, the law of the land no farther than to make it the model for human legisla,-tion, and that only so far as-it plight be  applicable to civil government. But how far would it be held to be applicable ?, This question is one the Government would have to decide, and it would be de-cided not by any fixed and infallible rule, not by divine wisdom and direction, but by men certain to err even as men have erred before in deciding similar questions. It would just as certainly make men judges of the divine law as it would to Ł declare the whole law of God the supreme rule in civil affairs. The Prohibition Party and National Reform. IN commenting last week upon certain resolutions passed by the Prohibitionists of St. Lawrence County, New York, we said that " to be consistent every man who demands prohibition because the liquor traffic is sin, must with avowed National Reformers demand the enforce-ment of the whole of the moral law as summed up in the ten commandments; in short, every logically consistent Prohibi-tionist is, whether he knows it or not, committed already to the National Reform scheme." And this not because proper prohibition is a religious question, but because the Prohibition Party approach the subject from a wrong standpoint. The whole Prohibition movement, as at present constituted, seems to be instinct with National Reform thought and mo-tives. The basic declaration of National Reform is thatŠ Almighty God is the source of all power and authority in civil government, that the Lord Jesus Christ is the Ruler of nations, and that the revealed will of God is of Supreme authority in civil affairs. The first declaration of the convention that nominated John P. St. John in 1884, set forth this :Š The Prohibition Party in National Convention assembled, acknowledge Almighty God as the rightful Sovereign of all men from whom the just powers of government are derived, and to whose laws human enactments should conform as an ab-solute condition of peace, prosperity, and happiness. This )17.4$ the attitude of the Prohibition  Party in 1884, and, judging from the utterances of every convention, county, State, and national, since that time, it is its attitude still; and it is a most danger-ous one. It is true in one sense that the just powers of government are derived from God, and from God alone; but it is not true in the sense in which National Re-formers and Prohibitionists intend. By creating man a social being, by placing him in this world, and suffering him to continue in it after sin entered, God made civil government a necessity, and so or-dained it; ordained that men should gov-ern themselves in communities ; but that God now gives special men or parties au-thority to rule in his name, that he gives any government or party any divine right, independently of the people, that is, of the governed, is a dangerous, unscriptural, and un-American doctrine. It is, how-ever, the doctrine of both National Re-formers and Prohibitionists. Both claim that they are destined under God to effect that for which they are striving; and both assume to act " in the name of," that is, by the authority of God,ŠGod is the Sov-ereign, and they are his ministers to exe-cute the divine will. God is the rightful moral Sovereign of all, and all human acts should conform to his law; but to declare that all " human enactments" should conform to the divine law, is simply to declare that human gov-ernments are the proper interpreters of that law; and not only that they should interpret it but that they should enforce it as well. To some it may seem inconsistent to say that all human acts should conform to the divine law and at the same time to deny that human enactments should con-form to the same standard. But the in-consistency is only seeming. God has made every man morally responsible to Him alone; any interference on the part of human lawmakers tends to destroy this responsibility, as also to take away that freedom of action that is necessary in the development of character. Men may, and 