APitiL 16, 1804. AMEnICt A.1 irNi  IGo 12 that ruled the world in the days of the Reformation, when men of God stood up, at the peril of their lives, to expose her iniquity. She possesses the same pride and arrogant assumption that lorded it over kings and princes, and claimed the prerogatives of God. Her spirit is no less cruel and despotic now than when she crushed out human liberty, and slew the saints of the Most High. Popery is just what prophecy declared that she would be, the apostasy of the latter times. It is a part of her policy to assume the character which will best ac-complish her purpose; but beneath the variable appearance of the chameleon, she conceals the invariable venom of the ser-pent. " We are not bound to keep faith and promises to heretics," she declares. Shall this power, whose record for a thou-sand years is written in the blood of the saints, be now acknowledged as a part of the Church of Christ ?ŠGreat Contro-versy, pp. 563-571. Ł The National League and Its Amend- ment. THE New York Sun, of April 9, under the title " Don't Confuse this with the A. P. A.," has this notice of the National League for the Protection of American Institutions :Š Active work has already been begun by the "National League for the Protection of American In-stitutions," in preparation for the coming Constitu-tional Convention, to meet in May next. The especial object toward which the efforts of the league will be directed will be that of urging upon the voters of the State the necessity for the adoption of the following amendment to Article VIII, of the Constitution as now in force:Š Sec. 12. No law shall be passed respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, nor shall the State, or any county, city, town, village, or other civil divi-sion, use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxa-tion or otherwise, or authorize either to be used, for the pur-pose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by' appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or in any other manner, any church, religious denomination, or religious society, or any institution, society, or undertaking which is wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. The amendment has been prepared by the Law Committee of the league, consisting of William Allen Butler, Dorman B. Eaton, Wheeler H. Peckham, Henry E. Howland, and Cephas Brainerd. An address to the citizens of the State has just been issued by the league, :explanatory of the amendment for which the votes of the people will be asked, which says, in part :Š New York State, more than others, has suffered from politico-religious alliances based upon enormous sectarian appropria-tions to institutions and undertakings under sectarian control. These have introduced religious questions into politics, have debased both religious and civil life, have encouraged a scram-ble for spoils, and have discouraged political reform. . . . The proposed amendment deals impartially with all religious sec: s and creeds, protects the common school fund, and se-cures that money drawn from the people by taxation shall honestly be used only for those civil purposes for which it was collected. We believe that the proposed amendment, when incorpo-rated in the organic law of the State, will produce the follow-ing results:- 1. Preserve the integrity of the funds and the fair and im-partial character of the American free public school system. 2. Eliminate religious controversy from political questions and issues. 3. Secure and perpetuate essential separation of Church and, State. 4. Destroy the intimidating power of ecclesiasticism over both citizens and lawmakers. Neglect to pass this amendment to our organic law at the present time would result in: 1. Increased and continually increasing arrogance on the part of those who seek ecclesiastical or sectarian advantages by political organization, and by the use of public money. 2. The continued disturbance of civil peace, of political issues, and of legislative and executive action by insatiate claimants of public money for private ends. 3. The continued effort to decide questions of religious faith by political majorities. 4. Continually increasing burdens laid upon the State for the support of private ecclesiastical or sectarian institutions. 5. The gradual dismemberment and destruction of our free common school system. 6. The indirect but dangerous union of Church and State in matters pertaining to taxation. This proposed amendment to the con-stitution of the State of New York is in similar terms to the Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States which the national league has already presented before the Judiciary Committee of Congress. The effort of this league is concentrated upon the public funds; al-though the language of its amendment is general and sweeping, really the entire purpose of the organization is to secure the public funds from "sectarian" use,Šand that because of the fact that the Roman Catholic institutions have suc-ceeded in obtaining the lion's share of the religious appropriations from the State of New York and from Congress. This league has been confused with the A. P. A., much to its chagrin,Šand it is not at all surprising that it should have been, for the main difference between the two is that while the A. P. A. is confess-edly a secret organization, this league is professedly non-secret; but the purposes of the two orders are really identical, although not co-extensive. The one is directed against Roman Catholicism and Roman Catholics in every walk of life, social, business, and political, while the other confines itself to the school question and the appropriation of public moneys, and constitutes itself a special guardian of those public interests against Roman Catholic encroachment. But the National League for the Protection of American Institutions has no thought of protecting American institutions from the encroach-ments of so-called Protestants,Šquite the contrary, its desire to protect them from becoming Roman Catholic spoil is merely that they may be reserved wholly for the use and occupation of an apostate Protes-tantism. This league either knowingly and inten-tionally stultifies itself with the deliberate intent of failing to live up to the full meaning of the terms of its amendment, or else it is ignorant of the full scope of their significance. W. H. M. An Abridgment of Worship. CIVIL government, according to both the Constitution of the United States and the gospel of the Man of Calvary, has no rights but civil rights; therefore, no right whatsoever to abridge the worship of Almighty God by any person. The First Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States declares : " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Jesus Christ says : " Render therefore unto Cmsar (civil government) the things which are Csar's,, and unto God the things that are God's." The worship of every man, if he desires to worship, is due the Lord, and should be rendered to him, without molestation or interference in the least from the State. It has so often been averred by would-be advocates of religious liberty, but in spirit truly Jesuitical, that to prohibit common labor upon the first day of the week, even by fine and imprisonment, although the supposed offenders had rested the seventh day, both physically and spir-itually, according to the example of Christ Jesus, is not religious persecution or an abridgment of individual worship. Note that there are three classes of wor-shipers. The heathen are true worshipers of false gods; the hypocrite is a false worshiper of the true God. The Chris-tian is a true worshiper of the true God. Not to enter into the realm of discussion of the constituent parts of the religion or worship of the heathen or the hypocrite, but only that of the Christian; the Chris-tian knows that his religion is good for seven days in each week. It is not a re- movable thing that can be worn one day in the week, like a Sunday garb, and then laid upon the shelf the other six, to become covered with dust, but is kept in daily use. To illustrate: When the consistent Christian has worshiped upon the seventh day, according to his conscience and the divine text-book, by resting both physic-ally and spiritually, then there remains six days in which he, as a Christian, is in duty bound, and has a God-given right, to worship, both according to conscience and the example of Christ Jesus. His worship thenceforth consists in continuing to_ rest spiritually in Christ, and laboring physic-ally as did the great Exemplar. Paul says : " Whatsoever you do, do all to the glory of God," and to do so is worship. Now, for the civil government to pro-hibit any from working upon the first day of the week, after having rested upon the seventh day, as before stated, is truly reli-gious persecution. An abridgment of his God-given right to worship; also dictating his religion,Šhence actuated by the same evil spirit of the Church of RomeŠthat spirit which God will destroy. H. W. COTTRELL. God in the Constitution. AT intervals for a half a century or over the movement to introduce God into the Federal Constitution has shown a good deal of passing activity. Just at this time it has been revived, and certain ministers of the gospel are intent on having the pe-riodical discussion of the subject renewed. It is understood that the expression decided on to introduce into the text of the Constitution is the following : " In God's appointed way, through Jesus Christ." These words would certainly give the instrument the necessary Chris-tian character, although it is hard to see what effect they would have one way or another on the religious sense of the na-tion. The American Constitution would have a Christian label attached to it, and nominally, at least, the Americans would thereafter be a Christian people. This much we are now, so that the gain even in that direction does not seem quite pal-pable. The great objection to the proposal in question is that it opens the door to still further amendments in that behalf, and that in their zeal for religion the several Christian sects may in time come to con-sider whether some one or more of them are not entitled to constitutional recogni-tion; for surely, if the Christian religion itself is entitled to recognition in the Con-stitution, should it happen that any very large proportion of Americans in the future were found professing one of the creeds, it would not be altogether wrong to expect that the adherents of that creed would regard themselves as representing all there was of Christian faith worthy of being embodied in the Constitution. In many of the colonies one or another of the sects was recognized as the State reli-gion. In Virginia the Church of England was the established faith until Thomas Jefferson brought about the conditions which put an end to such a state of things. At the present moment there is nothing in the Federal Constitution or in many of the State constitutions which forbids the establishment of a State Church. In many of the States, too, the adherents of one given faith are so far in the ascendant that they could, if they desired, secure 