668 AMERICAN SEN TINED "But how does he propose to resist the Romanizers except by 'coercive legislation?' At every period of his-tory the only kind of suasion that has any effective in-fluence over clerical extremists is legal suasion. In the last resort, as in the days of the Reformation, the House of Commons, representing the laity, must compel lawless priests to obey or resign." It is not our purpose to enter into the controversy; but it is a duty to point out that since state legislation Špolitics in the churchŠbrought about the present state of things, state legislation, even though it be called into requisition for the purpose of reformation, can only perpetuate the existing evil, possibly under another form. How then can any reform ever be effected? This is what we propose to show: and since nothing is so con-vincing as a case already worked out, we shall content ourselves with referring to an instance where a bad law was effectually changed. Nebuchadnezzar, King of Babylon, the greatest king that the world ever saw, made a great image of gold, ninety feet high, and set it up in the plain of Dura, and then gathered the chief men from all parts of the world to come and fall down before it. Under threat of the most terrible, death if they disobeyed, all were com-manded to fall down and worship the image at a given signal. Here was a law directly contrary to God's law, which says: "Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth; thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them." It was therefore a bad law, although the most of the people had nothing against it. At least they obeyed it without question. But there were three men who knew the law to be bad, and who knew that to obey it would be to sin against God; so while the others fell down and wor-shiped,they stood upright. We all know the story well. The king was very gracious toward them, and though they had not heeded his law, he was willing to give them another chance. But they gave him to understand that they were fully decided, and did not need any time to think over the matter. They said, "Be it known unto thee 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." This was not disobedience but obedience. They were not law-breakers, but law-keepers. The true law was, "Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only shalt thou serve;" the king's law was in itself an act of despite to the law, so that when the three men refused to regard it, they were only showing their faithfulness to law. Let it be noted, however, that these men were not rebellious. .They did not attempt to raise any insurrec-tion. They did not harangue the people about the in-justice of the law, and the wickedness of the threatened punishment. They made no appeal for sympathy, but  simply proclaimed the power of their God. They were not there to oppose the king, nor to defend themselves, but to honor God. So they refused to be disobedient to their Creator, and willingly allowed themselves to be bound and cast into the burning furnace. Everybody knows the result. They fell down in the furnace, bound hand and foot, but immediately stood up again, for the fire destroyed their bonds, and set them free. Rather, it demonstrated their freedom. It had no power over them. They walked about in the fire, with the Lord by their side, as comfortably as though they were promenading in the cool of a summer evening. Then the king called them out, and bore witness be-fore all the assembled rulers that these three men had changed the law. "Nebuchadnezzar spake, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word." Dan. 3:28. There is no doubt but that the law was changed, abolished, for nobody was again commanded to worship the golden image. Nebuchadnezzar himself recognized God as the only One to be worshiped, and declared that these three captive Jews had changed his decree. Surely this was a wonderful deed. How did they do it? As we have seen, they made no stir, they did not appeal to the people, they circulated no petitions, they did not plead, and they did not threaten. They used no coercive legislation, nor any other kind. How then did they succeed in getting the law changed? King Nebuchadnezzar himself tells us. He said, "They have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies that they might not serve nor wor-ship any god, except their own God." This confirms what we before said. They were not disobedient, but obedient. They were not rebellious, but yielding. They changed the law by yielding their bodies to death, rather than do wrong. That was all, but it was sufficient, for there is almighty power in righteousness. That "Little Insurrection." IN his stump spEech No. 45, in South Dakota, Mr. McKinley said:Š "We have a little insurrection in the Philippines which I trust will be very promptly suppressed." Yesterday morning a Washington dispatch saidŠ "The combined military and naval forces of the United States in the Philippines, when all the troops and ships now under orders reach their destination, will ag-gregate more than seventy thousand men and forty-five war vessels." A list of the regiments and ships was given. Is not this considerable of a force to put down a "little insur- 