THE AlillnrZICAN SNTINnt,. 51 provide for the transportation of such letter or letters in packages separate from other mail matter, and shall make regulations for the delivery thereof, the same having been received at its, place of destination before the said first day of the week, during such limited portion of the day as shall best suit the pub-lic convenience and least interfere with the due observance of the day as one of worship and rest: And provided further, That when there shall have been an interruption in the due and regular transmission of the mails it shall be lawful to so far examine the same when delivered as to ascertain if there be such matter therein for lawful delivery on the first clay of the week. SEC. 3. That the prosecution of commerce between the States and with the Indian tribes, the same not being work of necessity, mercy, or humanity, by the transportation of persons or property by land or water in such way as to interfere with or disturb the people in the enjoyment of the first day of the week, or any portion thereof, as a day of rest from labor, the same not being labor of necessity, mercy, or humanity, or its observance as a day of re-ligious` worship, is hereby prohibited, and any person or corporation, or the agent, serv-ant, or employe of any person or corporation who shall willfully violate this section Shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten nor more than one thousand dollars, and no serv-ice performed in the prosecution of such pro-hibited commerce shall be lawful, nor shall any compensation be recoverable or be paid for the same. SEC. 4. That all military and naval drills, musters, and parades, not in time of active service or immediate preparation therefor, of soldiers, sailors, marines, or cadets of the United States on the first day of the week, except assemblies for the due and orderly ob-servance of religious worship, are hereby pro-hibited, nor shall any unnecessary labor 'be performed or permitted in the military or na-val service of the United States on the Lord's day. Sw. 5. That it shall be unlawful to pay or to receive payment or wages in any manner for service rendered or for labor performed or for the transportation of persons or of property in violation of the provisions of this act, nor shall any action lie for the recovery thereof, and when so paid, whether in advance or otherwise, the same may be recovered back by whoever shall first sue for the same. SEC. 6. That labor or service performed and rendered on the first day of the week in.con-sequence of accident, disaster, or unavoidable delays in making the regular connections upon postal routes and routes of travel and transportation, the preservation of perishable and exposed property, and the regular and necessary transportation and delivery of arti-cles of food in condition for healthy use, and such transportation for short distances from one State, district, or Territory into another State, district, or Territory as by local laws shall be declared to be necessary for the pub-lic good, shall not be deemed violations of this act, but the same shall be construed so far as possible to secure to the whole people rest from toil during- the first day of the week, their mental and moral culture, and the relig-ious observance of the Sabbath day. We are at a loss to know how to arouse the people to a proper appreciation of the evil of allowing such a bill to become a law. The American people have become so thoroughly imbued with the idea that this is a free country, that the blessings of liberty were for-ever secured to us by the founders of this Government,Šthat it seems impossible to  make them believe that they can by any pos-sibility be deprived of that liberty. So they will sit at ease while the cords are being drawn around them, which will hold them in a bondage as great as that which compelled the Pilgrim Fathers to flee from their native land. We wish it distinctly understood that we do not charge anybody with intentional wrong; that is not our business. We are will- ing to allow that the framers, the introducer, and the champions of this bill acted in good faith, to the best of their knowledge. But the evil will be none the less, because those who establish it think that they are acting for the best good, of the country. If the bill were en-titled, " A Bill to Unite Church and State in the United States," it would only declare on its face just what it really is. How can it need any argument to convince any thoughtful person that this bill is directly in favor of an establishment of religion, and does therefore really prohibit the free exercise thereof? We verily believe that the only reason the Senate Committee on Education and Labor has not been overwhelmed with protests against this bill, is because the people are ignorant of its provisions. It does not seem possible that people could, without pro-test, allow it to come so near being put upon its final passage, if they knew what it is. We do not need to argue that this bill con-templates a law respecting an establishment of religion, for it makes an express declaration to that effect. It is to promote the observance of the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of religious worship. If the passage of such a law would not mark the consummation of the union between Church and State, we should like to have some of the wise men tell us what would. If it would not, then there never was such a thing. The so-called National Reformers will tell us that a union of Church and State can be brought about only by the State bestowing its patrohage upon, and elevating some par-ticular denomination; and they say that they do not want this. Of course they don't; and if that is the only thing that constitutes Church and State union, then there never was any such union, and we must find some other name by which to designate the condition of things that existed in Europe from the days of Constantine till the Reformation, and in some portions of Europe till now. Con-stantine elevated, not a sect, but Christian-ity to the throne of the world. The church stands for religion. Religion and the church are inseparably connected. There cannot be one without the other, although the religion may be grossly corrupt, or wholly perverted. And so when religion and religious practices are upheld by the State, there is a complete union of Church and State. Take our public schools as an illustration. It is rightly held that our common-school sys-tem is a palt of our Government. Why? Because the State protects and upholds the schools and education. In our Government, education and the State are inseparable. It is held that whatever 'influence works to un-dermine our schools, is working to the ,same  degree to undermine our Government, for a republican form of government cannot exist where the rank and file of the peopleŠthe real governorsŠare ignorant. Now the Na-tional Reformers claim that without some such law as is proposed by the bill,Ša, law to establish religion and religious observances, this country cannot long continue. Thus they claim that religion must be as closely connected with this Government as is the cause of education. Some will doubtless question our statement that the provisions of this bill not only con-template an establishment of religion, but the prohibition of the free exercise thereof. But whenever a law is made respecting an estab-lishment of religion, somebody's free exercise thereof must of necessity be interfered with, except in the unsupposable case that all be-lieve exactly alike. Nqw take the bearing of this law upon those who conscientiously ob-serve the seventh day of the week as the only Lord's day, and who as conscientiously regard the first day of the week as an ordinary work-ing day. It will be said that the bill does not prohibit them from keeping holy the seventh day, and therefore does not interfere with their religion, but this is only a one-sided view. ,Let us briefly consider the whole matter. Those who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath, do so in obedience to the strict letter of the fourth commandment, which says, "Re-member the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20: 8-10. In this com-mandment.  the Lord expressly claims the seventh day as his day, so that the first day of the week, " commonly called the Lord's day," is not the Lord's day at all. He also com-mands that the seventh day shall be kept holy to him, but freely gives to man the other six days as working days. Now whether all admit that the fourth commandment lim-its the Sabbath to the seventh day of the week, or whether they hold that it sanctifies any seventh part of time that men choose to keep, all must admit that it gives men the privilege of working six days. That is, men have the same authority for working on six days of the week that they have for resting on the seventh. Suppose now that this bill becomes a law, and those who conscientiously keep the seventh day are required to keep the first also. Then we say that they are: interfered with in the free exercise of their religion. -So far as this argument is concerned, it makes no difference whether they are :right or wrong in their interpretation of the commandment. Their religion requires them to keep the seventh day; the law of God allows them six days in which to labor, and their necessities re-quire them to devote the whole six days to labor. To force them to keep the first day would be not only to interfere with their God-given privilege of working six days, but also, by taking advantage of their necessities, to compel them to labor on the seventh day, 