124 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the disfranchisement of the majority of the laborers. Of the 1,000,000 inhabitants 600,000 are absolutely pau-pers through no fault of their own. "The workingmen demand Ł a radical change in the government of the island. They ask that the following ordinances of Governor-General Davis be annulled:Š "1. Ł That laborers on the public works shall get no more than twenty-five cents per day for eight hours' work. "2. That only property holders and taxpayers shall vote, and those who can read and write. "3. That the payment of $1 shall be paid before a vote is cast. "4. The workingmen also ask that the ordinance forbidding appeals from the decisions of tribunals be abrogated. They also want a, general market for im-ports, and better schools." We note also on this subject the following in a lead-ing daily belonging to the political party now dominant in the Government:Š "Dr. Henry K. Carroll, recently special United States Commissioner to Porto Rico, spoke before the Method-ist social union of New York Monday evening [February 12] on the nation's duty to that island. Shall we treat it worse than did tyrannical Spain? He thought not, but in his opinion that is the way the majority party in Congress is preparing to deal with the Porto Ricans. Dr. Carroll said:Š "`The nation we drove out of Porto Rico for her barbarity gave it open markets to buy and sell in. She allowed manhood suffrage, sixteen full deputies and four senators to the Cortes at Madrid and twelve rep-resentatives in the local municipal assemblies. Yet we are considering letting them have but one non-voting delegate in Congress, and even that it is now proposed to take away from them. I can't conceive this plan possible. Let them have free commerce, which means Iffe. Otherwise it is death. Grant them a free govern-ment.' "But the answer which the House and Senate Repub-licansŠexcepting Mr. McCall, of MassachusettsŠare preparing to make to this appeal, is to deny that the Porto Ricans have any rights whatever under the Con-stitution of the United States; that they are not and cannot become citizens of the United States except by the will of Congress; that they are not entitled to any representation in the government which rules over the island and will not be given any beyond possibly one non-voting delegate; and that they are not entitled to the privilege of free commerce with the nation which has taken them over as a subject people and will not begiven such a privilege. "A situation of great distress, poverty, and lack of employment among the people of the island continues to be reported. The free markets of Spain and Cuba, which even the Spanish tyranny conceded, have been closed, and the American Congress, still chattering loudly about the 'blessings of our free government' that are to be the new heritage of the Spanish islands, pro-poses to deny the concession of any substitute free mar-kets. It is to insist upon the complete commercial and political subjection of those people. "The President has said in °his message that it is  `our plain duty to abolish all customs tariffs between theUnited States and Porto Rico.' Dr. Carroll says the President told him two weeks ago that 'he would not back down one inch from his Porto Rico policy, as out-lined in his message.' But the Republican majority in Congress plans to ignore this, 'our plain duty,' and we shall see whether any such legislation will encounter a presidential veto. "It is a question of duty with the President. It is a moral question with Dr. CarrollŠthis of free trade with the island. It is a practical religious question, says United States Consul Philip C. Hanna, stationed on the island. But it is still more than this with Gen-eral Roy S. Stone, who quotes from General Miles's proclamation:to the islanders on the occasion of his in-vasion in 1898: 'We have come to bestow upon you the blessings and immunities of the liberal institutions of our Government.' Thus the extension of the American Constitution to the island is a matter also of fulfilling a solemn promise, and General Stone proceeds indig-nantly to say:Š "`Can we now afford to break our solemn promise to these people at the outset of our rule? Shall we give them three quarters, or some other fraction, of what is due them, and that not as a right, but as a concession which the next Congress may revoke?' "But for all that, the administration party in Con-gress is making the most common welfare of the Porto Rican people a consideration subordinate to that of certain protected interests at home; and if the Presi-dent is resisting this course, the fact is not generally known about the Capitol at Washington." The Church of Rome Against Religious Freedom. THE church of Rome does not believe in liberty of thought., Some apologists for that church say that she has been slanderedŠthat she does believe in such lib-erty; but she herself boldly asserts even at this day that she does not. And as an illustration of this we cite the following paragraphs from a discourse by a Jesuit, Rev. S. Rockwell, who is a professor of rhetoric in Boston College. The discourse was on "The neces- sity of authority in religious matters as opposed to lib-erty of thought," and was printed in the Boston Daily Globe, of February 12:Š " 'We are Hybl' in the midst of a perfect chaos of opinion; there are almost as many views about our duty as there are human beings, and our ears fairly tingle with the constant talk of liberty of thought. Liberty, God-given liberty, unfettered liberty, personal rectitude, faith through experience, individualismŠall these sounds are ringing continually in our ears, and some come to think t)at they must be right. It is called "individualism" as opposed to religious absolution. "`The Catholic Church repudiates this liberty of thought, and as the cry is so popular and so wide-spread, it is of importance that Catholics should under-stand just what our faith rests upon, and what is meant by authority and why we reject liberty of thought. "`God is all-wise and all-truthful, and if he speaks 