JUNE 29, 1893. A_IVI_E,W1 CAN Sik,N-Prinvut,. 205 meaning of Christianity, and cannot speak the only language understood by their apostles, they are only scared by the queer things done to them in the river. Prince Meschtschersky, that en-fant terrible of the Tsardom, published a detailed account of the matter some months ago, in consequence of which inquiries were instituted in Siberia. Bishop Benjamin at first felt himself safe and secure under the wing of the Ober-Procuror, but when telegram after telegram was received by him from the capital, and the danger to which he was exposed was made clear, he died of nerv-ous shock. " Bad as this undoubtedly is, the treat-ment meted out to Protestant sects is infinitely worse. The members of the sect known as the Paschkovites (from one of the leaders, Colonel Paschkoff) have been treated worse than the heathen and the publican. Meetings at which the Bible was read were prohibited, tea-shops and refuges closed, the more zeal-ous preachers imprisoned, and Colonel Paschkoff himselfŠone of those rare in-dividuals whose beautiful lives do more to convince us of the divine origin of Christianity than all the miracles ever witnessed or recordedŠwas banished for-ever from Russia. In accomplishing this arduous and uncongenial task, M. Pobe-donostseff found it very difficult to keep within the bounds of truth, justice, and moderation; and the recollection of his backslidings in this respect is still gall and wormwood to his soul, and intensi-fies his hatred for an eminently Chris-tian community. Our most odious en-emy is he who wittingly or unwittingly drags our weak points into the broad light of day and betrays us into belying our principles and playing false to our convictions. Hymn-books, which M. Pobedonostseff and his clergy had sanc-tioned or eulogized, were suddenly con-demned and withdrawn from circulation, and a hateful class of spies established Špersons who denied their own religion in order to prevent other people from professing theirs, and who shamelessly lied in the interest of truth. False wit-nesses were found who swore that mem-bers of the sect had desecrated images and blasphemed saints; and on the strength of these depositions many were flogged, fined, and imprisoned, and de-ported to Siberia. And when a most honorable man came forward and made known the facts to M. Pobedonostseff, asking him to have them officially tested, the Ober-Procuror was deaf, like Festus, to the words of justice and truth. The last stage in this interesting drama was the closing of a coffee-house much fre-quented by poor students and factory-hands in one of the slums of St. Peters-burg, because of the proprietor's refusal to remove certain gospel texts from the walls, where they had been hanging, to my own knowledge, for twelve years. Some of the texts consisted of Christ's words to his disciples, and Colonel Paschkoff thought that he might safely assume that they would do no positive harm. ' I strictly forbid you to preach any more such socialistic sermons; you shall not use the pulpit as a tribune for the spread of revolutionary doctrine, ' exclaimed a Roman Catholic Bishop in Austria to one of the most gifted of the priests, the other day. ' To hear is to obey, my lord, I will never preach another of his sermons,' was the humble reply. ' Whose sermons ? What do you mean ?' asked the astonished prelate. `I mean St. John Chrysostom, my lord; for it was his homily that I preached in extenso; but, of course, I will never re- peat the offense in future.' Remove those dangerous words,' exclaims the director of the Orthodox Church of Christ. ' I cannot; they are Christ's own words,' was the reply. The cases are very much alike; but there is this difference : the Roman Catholic Bishop was ashamed of his constructive dis-respect for the memory of John Chrysos-tom, but M. Pobedonostseff was una-bashed, though he implicitly censures Christ. " But of all the Christian sects in Russia, the Stundists are by far the most cruelly treated. They may be broadly described as Evangelical Chris-tians, who endeavor to worship God in spirit and in truth, and put obedience to his willŠas they conceive itŠabove compliance with the ukases of the Tsar. Vigorous folk like these, who take life seriously and fear only God, are odious to a statesman who acts as the official spokesman of God and Tsar; they are the hard lumps which, refusing to dis-solve in the mass, are cast into the mortar and pounded. The loss of civil rights, fines, imprisonment, and banish-ment to the remotest and most un-healthy tracts of the empire, were the penalties decreed and enforced against this form of Christianity until a few months ago, when it became evident that they aggravated the evil instead of remedying it. The Stundists touched the hearts of the convicts with whom they mingled ; soldiers sent to their prayer-meetings for the purpose of giv-ing evidence against them later on, oftentimes dropped upon their knees and begged to be received into the pro-scribed brotherhood then and there; pun-ishment was courted rather than feared; and the sect throve and spread. " A few months since, the Ober-Pro-curor turned over a new leaf, changing the system of repression. The members convicted now are no longer scattered over the country, but either imprisoned or else employed in public works Jor the benefit of their indolent Orthodox brethren, generally at a long distance from home. They forfeit their right to work at their trades, and, employed as night-watchmen, foresters, etc., receive but a wretched pittance fixed expressly with the object of keeping them and their families on the famine line. This is a somewhat heavy penalty to have to pay for the right to practice what most sane people hold to be a virtue; and it is to be hoped that no more than this was ever intended by the Ober-Procuror. Unfortunately a good deal more regu-larly occurs; doings which it is difficult to describe in the language of propriety, and impossible to qualify in terms of moderate condemnation. The wives and daughters of these men remain at home, while their husbands and fathers are absent for days and nights at a time; and the rural police and village ruffians profit by the occasion to visit these help-less females, bring their vodka with them, and hold their brutish orgies in their presence. A veil must be drawn over the scenes that ensue, over the crimes that cry to heaven for vengeance. Nor are these crimes only imagined. I have lately read some heartrending appeals to  Christians of the civilized world, nay, to men and women of every faith, written with the life blood of the despairing victims, in which these horrors are de-scribed. These appeals, I believe, have not yet been published. I know that they have been made in vain. People have not time in this busy age to join a crusade which has religion or religious freedom for its object. And, besides, what business is it of foreigners to meddle in Russian politics ? These are matters for the Russian Government to settle; and it has decreed that Stundism, which undeniably constitutes a serious danger to Orthodox-autocracy, must be stamped out in self-defense. And who will gainsay the government ?" Not a Christian Nation. INASMUCH as the highest law-making power known to the Constitution of the United States has declared that the Fed-eral Government is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion, and knows no difference between one religion and another, would it not be well for law- yers and others engaged in discussing the question of Sunday observance at the Fair to recognize that fact ? For nearly a cen-tury now the following has been the law of this country, having been adopted in the last year of Washington's administra-tion:Š As the Government of the United States of Amer-ica is not in any sense founded on the Christian religionŠas it has itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Mussul-menŠand as the said States never have entered into any war nor act of hostility against any Ma-hometan nation, it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony exist-ing between the two countries. This paragraph forms an important ar-ticle in the treaty of peace and friendship made between the United States of Amer-ica and the Bey and the subjects of Trip-oli, under date of November 4, 1796. And the same provision appears in sub-stance and meaning in other treaties ne-gotiated with the Barbary powers during the administrations of Jefferson and Mad-ison, so that we have the sanction of the three greatest names in our constitutional history to this law. As all treaties made by the United States become the supreme law of the land and are to be regarded in courts of justice as equivalent to an act of Congress, why should lawyers and states-men still talk about the American Govern-ment being a Christian government and the Nation a Christian nation ? The one great thing that the framers of the Constitution did was to sever Church and State. They framed a Government that had absolutely no connection with religion. They had known what it was to have religion associated with political power, not only in England, but in the different colonies, and they determined that the Federal Government should be free from that alliance. If the separate States choose to enact Sunday laws, or require religious tests for office, that was the affair of the people of those States, but the General Government's power was strictly hedged about, and even indirectly it can do nothing that would require religious observance or would interfere therewith. It is a subject as much beyond its control as the creation of orders of nobility. Ł The Herald yields to none in respect for 