264 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 33. NEW YORK, AUGUST 25, 1892. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IN three states of the Union there is or-ganized resistance to State and munici-pal authority. The combined organiza-tion which is threatened would amount to an open revolt against present industrial conditions and relations. This resort to violence and armed rebellion is not be-cause of a lack of the necessities of life. Its primary purpose is revolutionary. IT would would be well for statesmen, and political and social economists, and bank-ers, and capitalists, and directors of great moneyed corporatidts, to ask themselves why these men have risen against the present state and system of civilization as represented by the industrial interests of which they have been a part. It would be well for labor agitators, and master workmen, and workingmen, to ask them-selves why they are in insurrection against the State, destroying the property upon the use of which they themselves, and others, are dependent, and threatening the peace of society. Is there any sufficient civil, social, or economic reason for this? There is not. From that point of view no sufficient cause can be affirmed. The cause arises farther back than civil, social or economic relations, it is in mutual, moral responsibilities which have been ig-nored, until now this reign of terror is de-veloping, It is the natural and necessary result of mutual error and mutual wrong. Both. parties are at fault. Š0Š THE established order of society is not at fault. The system of government is not at fault. The food supply is not in-sufficient. There is no stringency of cur-rency. The origin of the whole matter is in the hearts of men. Both parties not only desire, but are determined to do by others as they would not be done by. The labor world, the financial world, the polit-ical world, the social world, the religious world, all are dominated at this time by that unrighteous spirit. Capital uses re-lentlessly the silent power of its inexorable tyranny to accomplish selfish ends. Labor is more than ready to appeal to brute force and violence to reach its own cov-eted purpose. The Church, whose duty it should be to teach these members of the same body, which are antagonizing each other to their own destruction, that they should  do to each other as they would be done by, is itself committed to the same un-righteous methods, and is by this not only disqualified from giving effective advice and counsel, but has even become an evil example. The Church makes use of un-just laws to attain its purposes. It does not hesitate to use moral compulsion to obtain legal action to effect injustice and to obtain the enactment of more extended statutes in the same line. It does not hes-itato to use the illegal and unchristian boycott to further its purposes. It does not hesitate to influence Congress by fraud-ulent and repeated petitions, and to at-tempt to intimidate the representatives of the people: Its accredited mouth pieces, from the platform and the pulpit, do not hesitate to suggest the same resort to vio-lence as that adopted by the Amalgamated Association and the Switchmen's Union, if their claims are not granted. All are at fault. The origin of this is in the hearts of men. The remedy is in the gospel, pure and undefiled, nothing less. Š0Š Now that the Government of the United States has invaded the domain of religious controversy it will dominate it; inasmuch as it has assumed jurisdiction to settle religious questions by act of Congress and by Supreme Court decisions it will surely never yield that jurisdiction. When Con-stantine had made Rome " Christian " it was only natural that he should seek an authoritative definition of Christianity ; and when the Council of Nicea had given that definition in the shape of the creed which it adopted, nothing was more nat-ural than that the emperor should require his subjects to subscribe to it. The Gov-ernment of the United States has entered upon the same evil course. The Supreme Court has declared the Nation to be Chris-tian. Congress has already taken sides in a religious controversy, and to be con-sistent must not the Government use all the power at its command to enforce that decision and. to uphold the Sunday-Sab-bath cause which it has espoused ? A United States senator has well said, "The domain which government invades it dominates; the jurisdiction it takes it keeps." This is true whatever the do-main or the jurisdiction; and it always has been true. Š0Š A PARIS, Tenn., lawyer recently said to a reporter of the Chicago Tribune, that there is nothing in the law of Tennessee to say how a man shall observe Sunday, " except that he shall refrain from work, such as he follows during the week, and shall not make a nuisance of himself." The use of the term " nuisance " in this connection is misleading. Private Sun-day work is a nuisance only by. a legal fiction. Under decisions of the Supreme Court of Tennessee it is not necessary to show that any one is actually annoyed by the work done; and the Attorney-General  told the writer of this note that a man working on Sunday where he could be seen and heard only by persons who went there to see and hear him, would be as guilty as though the work were done in the most public manner. The " nuisance " consists solely in the fact that the work is done by those who dissent from the dogma that Sunday is a sacred day. So far as we are aware, this law has never been enforced against anybody but observers of the seventh day. It was invoked a number of years ago against a barber; but the Supreme Court held that barbering on Sunday, though finable, was not a nui- sance, and so not indictable. But why not, if quiet farm work is a nuisance, and in- dictable ? Simply because by his work the barber was not emphasizing his dissent from the dogma of Sunday sacredness. He was working on Sunday, not because he denied its sacred character, but simply for worldly gain; hence, according to the Supreme Court of Tennessee, the annoy: ance occasioned by his work did not amount to a nuisance. A wonderful thing is tills nuisance law, truly ! Š0Š THE press of Tennessee is demanding a new constitution for the State. No doubt the present constitution is deficient in some respects; it certainly is if it means what the courts of the State hold that it does. The constitution says that " no human authority can 'in any case what-ever interfere with the rights of con-science;" but the courts demand that men educate their consciences by the laws of Tennessee. And the authorities claim that under the laws of the State, Sabbath keepers imprisoned for Sunday work may be compelled to work on the Sabbath ; also that any Sabbath keeper is liable to be warned out to work,  on the road on the Sabbath and mulcted if he refuses to go. That is the sort of equality that exists under the present constitution of Tennessee as interpreted by the courts. But it is not along these lines that the papers of the State are demanding a revision of the con-stitution. Š0Š Now that the churches and the saloons have united in the support of the Sunday institution, as they have done in securing the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, we may expect to see its sacredness(?), such as it is, increased at a tremendous pace, Of course Sunday has only such sacredness as man has given it, but what it lacks in quality its friends have always endeavored to make up in quantity, and now re-en-forced by the Chicago saloon keepers they ought to be able to whitewash the ancient pagan holiday more effectively than ever. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond :-.treet, New York City. 