AMERICAN SENTINEL. 295 sheep 'midst wolves. Then did the dove go forth to con-quer the eagle and hawk. Having pledged universal conquest to these sons of gentleness, Christ sent his peacemakers forth 'midst all the thunder of universal battle. "Paradoxical, indeed, Christ's principles of right liv-ing. 'Abhor that which is evil, yet love the evil-doer; live peaceably with friends, yet maintain peace with ene-mies.' What unique contradiction meets us here! "History tells us of a Roman soldier who was con-demned to beasts in the Coliseum. When the lion sprang into the arena, it stopped, startled by the voice of the soldier. A moment later the lion was crawling at the prisoner's feet and licking his hands. The event proved that once, while passing through the African forest, this soldier chanced upon a lion suffering from a thorn that had passed through the foot. By extracting the thorn he made the wild beast to be his friend and a pet, only to meet the lion years later in the arena. "Strange, indeed, would it be if this story were true, yet less strange than that such a man as the beloved dis-ciple, John, should by his gentleness, extract the fangs of cruelty from a Nero or a DomitianŠmonsters, these, who exceeded untamed lions in fierceness. Yet good men and true are commanded to maintain peace with all men, while also maintaining an uncompromising hostility against every form of iniquity. "But how can Moses, heir to the throne of Egypt, abhor the cruelties perpetrated upon his enslaved breth-ren and yet live peaceably with the tyrants who abused those he loves? How can David, dodging the javelin that Saul hurled, hunted like a partridge upon the moun-tains before the cruel king, live at peace with the tyrant who pursued him? How can Paul live peaceably with the mob at Ephesus, who stoned the scholar through the streets and left him half dead by the wayside? "And yet, if Christ abhorred sin and breathed forth words that were like flames of fire consuming men's ini-quities, he also maintained peace with Judas, who be-trayed his master, and with Pilate, who tortured the man in whom he said he found no fault. Leaving this word, `Blessed are the peacemakers,' as a watchword for his disciples, Christ sent them forth to war against ini-quity, indeed, but also to live peaceably with the trans-gressor, whose sins they must needs destroy. And if we recall the early conflict of Christianity with heathenism, and review the story how it conquered the Roman world, we shall find that the disciples achieved their victory be-cause they were peacemakers and peace lovers. It has been said that each persecuted Christian by his courage and Christian spirit conquered his own jailer and execu-tioner. "Full eighteen centuries have passed, and once more has come an era when peacemakers are despised, and physical force is enthroned. So far is mankind from be-lieving in peacemaking that England's motto is not the lamb, but the I ton, and America's banner is emblazoned not with the dove, but with the eagle, with its beak and talons, while Russia's symbol is still the bear. "The foreign nations. whose harbors are crowded with torpedo-boats and warships, whose strongholds bristle with cannonsŠthese nations that stand over against each other like armed fortresses, and to-morrow may cause Europe to tremble with the march of armed menŠthese peoples exhibit anything save a belief in so-cial progress through peace loving and peacemaking. To-day the world believes that progress rides forward upon a powder cart. The angel's song of `Peace on Earth,' has given place to the song of the bombshell and the shriek of the cannon ball. If the sword has fallen from man's hand, it is that it may be replaced with the pistol." The world will never direct its forces by the maxim, "Love your enemies"; it will never know the victory that peace wins by non-resistance. The "British lion" will never become a lamb, or the "American eagle" a dove. But every person who believes on Jesus Christ is called to a life of peace,Ša peace which the world may wonder at but not understand. The exhortation to them is, "Let the peace of God rule in your hearts." If all who name the name of Prince of Peace would but do this, more would be done in a day for the cause of peace in the earth than will ever be accomplished by all the "peace societies" to the end of time. -4 How much would be gained by Christianity if Chris-tendom should, sword in hand, take the side of the Greeks against the Turks, as is so generally advocated, even by clergymen, that she should? Mr. Frederick L. Chap- man says on this point in the April issue of Our Day:Š "The Orthodox Greek church has never been friendly to the evangelical faith; it meets the apostle of the prim-itive gospel in a spirit of haughty arrogance, and self-satisfied conceit; it recognizes no necessity for better-ment in the religious life of people who pay their vows and their tithes in the established church. This spirit is not consistent with progress, with education, or with a spiritual religion. We regret that we must express the conviction that in the event of the triumph of Greece over Turkey, Christian missions in Asia Minor will find a more intolerant atmosphere there than has beset them even under Turkish rule. The torch of arson may not be ap-plied to their buildings, to their churches and colleges, but icebergs in the form of orthodox sanctuaries will arise in the midst and the coldness emanating from these will be apt to freeze the life out of a struggling Christian community." The worst enemy of Christianity is not the fiery enemy, but the cold enemy of common worldliness. • O fs THE Cleveland Recorder, of April 5, prints a synopsis of a sermon delivered by a clergyman of that city, in which it is stated that, " It is an accepted truth that a man needs one day in seven for rest," etc. The same paper gave also a synopsis of another sermon delivered the same evening by another clergyman of the city, which asserts with equal positiveness that "Those preachers who say that the Sabbath is to be observed because man's infirmities demand time for repairing, are taking a wrong view of the question. They are not true to their calling. They make the law of heaven subordinate to the law of the State." Both these sermons were delivered in defense of the Sunday sabbath. They give an illustration of the har-mony that exists in the camp of error. 