294 AMERICAN SENTINEL. -to the traditional policy that the popes should be at the bead of all civil governments,Šthe father of nations, if ?not in one capacity then in another. But no one would like to believe that this Government would be guilty of so great a blunder as to ask the pope to intermeddlehim-self in the affairs of this nation. But, blunder or no blunder; guilty or not guilty; with or without official request, it now transpires that Pope Leo and Archbishop Ireland are, to say the least, the semi official arbitrators between the government of the United States and Spain. It will be well if the people of this country would open -their eyes and see things as they really are. It seems that the queen regent begged the pope to use his good -offices to bring about peace; all naturally enough. Then why did not the pope ask the Spanish government to -stop their butchery in the island of Cuba? Did he do this? No. He turned his eyes toward the United States, and -desired some one to represent his "holiness" in Washing-ton. Martinelli was first selected, but he refused on the -grounds that he could not possibly have any standing at the White House. "It was then determined," says a 'St. Paul daily, "that the close and cordial friendship which existed between Archbishop Ireland, President Mc-Iiinley and his whole cabinet, joined to the fact that he is an American citizen, made him a fit instrument through which negotiations could be conducted. In view of this be received a formal letter from Cardinal Rampolla, papal secretary of state, authorizing him to represent the pope. This was presented to Judge Day and semi-official rela-tions begun. Since that time Archbishop Ireland has 'been in communication with Europe. Through him the -official texts of concessions which Spain was willing to 'make for the sake of peace have been laid before this Government and before the European ambassadors. The -composite news of the situation has been cabled to him and by him disseminated." The iniquity of this movement will be more apparent when we remember that Spain has an officially-recognized 'representative in this Government, through whom the pope could have officiated. But this would have been to acknowledge the authority of civil governments as being above that of the pope. It is claimed that the mission of Mr. Ireland is "to -find and to make practicable some plan of honorable peace." Of course, this is a good mission, if only he would give his time and efforts to it as a citizen, as an 'individual; but when he does it as a representative of the Vatican, there is mischief in it. Rome has always been -an enemy to the principles that underlie a republic; and although she now makes professions of friendship with such governments, it is only because she can the more -easily carry out her ruinous schemes. Rome is here to stay; and, as a recent writer has said, "All over this fair land Rome is piling up her massive structures, in the secret recesses of which will be_repeated the persecutions of former days." I am aware that this is a strong arraignment of ome; but some so-called Protestants are doing far more  than she can possibly do, to turn this Government over into her hands. Let them awake to the study of the first principles that gave the name "Protestant" to the world. If only they would do this, they would not do that which they are now doing. True Loyalty. BY E. W. WHITNEY. DURING the agitation here in Boulder over the "flag salute," much has been said of the "disloyalty" of Seventh-day Adventists because of their refusal to use the formula connected with the salute. In the face of repeated ex-planations to the effect that Adventists do not object to showing respect to the flag in a proper manner, and that they are loyal to the principles of which it is the emblem, but that their objection is simply to the use of words which are inconsistent with both the religion of Jesus Christ and with the principles expressed in the Constitu-tion of the United States, there are still those who per-sistently charge them with disloyalty to the Government. This charge will, doubtless, become more common as the contrast becomes more apparent between true Christian loyalty and that:pretended loyalty which places allegiance to the laws of men above that which we owe to God. This possibility should lead to the careful study of what con-stitutes TRUE CHRISTIAN LOYALTY. Can the Christian be loyal to both God and the gov-ernment? The answer depends, perhaps, upon the defini-tion we accept of the word loyal. If we use the word in the narrow and limited sense of implicitly obeying in detail whatever law a government may enact without regard to the higher law of righteousness, it is evident that he cannot always be loyal to both. But if we regard the term in the more comprehensive and better sense of steadfastness in and loyalty to the principles of right upon which all government is supposed to be based, then he can be loyal to both God and the government; rather he must of necessity be loyal to both. Indeed in this true sense the Christian is the most loyal manŠthe only truly loyal man that walks the earth. Ł A familiar yet striking example of such loyalty to God and government is that of Daniel. In his position of president of the princes of Media he was certainly loyal to the kingŠthe governmentŠin the true sense for he was "preferred above" his associates "because an excellent spirit was in him." Yet when it came to obeying specific requirements of the king which were in conflict with Daniel's obligation to God, the very principle of excellence which made him loyal to the government of man in everything consistent with his allegiance to God, made him just as bold to disobey an inconsistent requirement, in his loyalty to the higher government of God. This true loyalty in him was not manifest alone during the reign of one king, Darius, but also during the reign of 