280 ii..1VJEMMICAN ReMikrIPIENE.1141 VoL. 11, No. 35. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 3, 1896. Iff2P- ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE ask for our leader this week a careful and candid reading. THE Catholic Mirror, of the 29th ult., contains a very remarkable article on " The Inquisition," which we will review next week. IT is regarded by some as a significant fact that the Roman Catholic press of the country is, almost without exemption, on the side of " free silver." AN exchange has pertinently remarked, with reference to the religious aspect of the political campaign, that the proper " gold standard " for Christians is the Golden Rule. IN the light of our first-page article of this week much that is called " Christian citizen-ship" appears to be only usurpation of a prerogative of the Creator. god has given no man authority over the consciences of his fel-lowmen. THE Manitoba school question is about to be settled by a compromise, and that of a sort which shows that the only matter ever at issue was who should control the schools in the interests of their religion, Protestants or Pa-pists. The spoils are soon to be divided. IT is said that in the great industrial cen-ters of England and Scotland, less than one-tenth of the people go to church on Sunday. The English papers have been collecting sta-tistics and this is the result. And in some places one-half of,this ten per cent. is made up of Catholics. INFORMATION reached us just before clos-ing np this paper, of the arrest at Wartrace, Bedford County, Tenn., of a Seventh-day Adventist named Philpot for working on Sun-day. We have not learned the particulars further than that his trial was set for the 8th of October, and he was released on his recog-nizance. "WHAT a pity it is," exclaims the Christian Statesman, of August 15, " that neither of the great political parties is willing to take a high position on great moral questions." In view of the very limited acquaintance of the great political parties with " gieat moral questions," we think they can hardly be blamed for not taking a high position on the same, in view of their liability to a fall.  Since both political parties cannot succeed, one or the other must fall, and in such a case it would seem a sad misfortune if it had taken a lofty position on some great moral question, since the fall would certainly reflect on the latter. Does not the reader see that great moral battles cannot be fought by any party which is liable to defeat? The battles of the Lord are not fought by the losing side; for God cannot be defeated. Such battles must be fought by faith; and faith can never know defeat. THE greatest issue before the American people to-day is not that of free silver, but that of free speech and free action in fulfilling the dictates of conscience. The foremost champion of liberty in this contest with re-ligious despotism is the AMERICAN SENTINEL. What are you doing, reader, to enlarge its field of usefulness? Go Thou and Do Likewise. WHAT could not be done by the lovers of religions freedom if only a little effort were put forth by each one with the means which this paper affords them ? As a pertinent suggestion upon this point, we print the fol- lowing letter received last week from a sub-scriber whose attention was attracted by our special offer of Bibles as given on our adver-tising page:Š Battle Creek, Mich., Aug. 23, 1896. PUBLISHERS OF SENTINEL:ŠSeeing in the SENTINEL your offer of a Bible as a premium " for seven new names," etc., and being in want of a Bible, I con-cluded to make an effort. I succeeded pretty well; when, learning of a worthy unfortunate who had no Bible, I concluded to make a still further attempt, and the result was the enclosed list of (with very few ex-ceptions) new names. Following was a list of twenty-one names for one year, four more for six months, and one for three months. Is there not in this a suggestion worth heeding by many of our readers? Could not many of them do as much with a little effort ? Is not the reason so little is being done in presenting the great issues of the day before the people, the wide-spread individual neglect of the little that each one might do as well as not ? Why not put forth a little effort in the line of that so successfully made by our correspondent ? Think of it, readers. TRY IT. A CINCINNATI daily expresses the opinion that the country will soon become aware that a serious mistake was made in the admission of Utah to Statehood. The same belief is expressed by other journals. That the Mor-mon Church is the predominating power in Utah, and that neither constitutionally nor historically is it opposed to the union of Church and State, are facts of sinister import in the present situation of things, beyond a doubt. But the great and overshadowing menace to American interests is that the or-thodox churches of the land have a scheme under fall headway to combine and do on a  national scale what it is feared the Mormon Church will try to do in Utah on a small scale. THE Western Watchman says:Š The Holy Father has written to Cardinal Vaughan to the effect that the church cannot look with indif-ference upon the present agitation in England-  for the abolition of the canonical impediment of affinity in the first degree, involved in the proposed repeal of the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill. We would much prefer that Tory Catholics would settle their own political squabbles without dragging the Holy Father into them. This criticism leveled professedly at "Tory Catholics," belongs in reality to the Pope, who, while professing non-interference in political affairs, is a most inveterate meddler everywhere. " THE Anglican papers are indignant," remarks a Catholic paper, " because the pope in his encyclical on the reunion of Christen-dom did not abate one jot or tittle of Rome's traditional pretensions. They are willing to meet the pope half-way; but they will not con-sent to a plan which contemplates all sacrifice on one side and none on the other." But Rome can make no sacrifice without abandoning everything. She is either the Church to the exclusion of all other bodies called churches, or she is and has long been a base pretender. MRS. ISABELLA BISHOP, a well-known mis-sionary traveller, who has recently spent some time in Western China, reports that the hos-tility to missionaries has greatly increased since the forced payment by the Western provinces of heavy damages to the Christian missions for the destruction of their property in the riots two years ago. The kingdom of Christ is not advanced by physical force: A WRITER in the Christian Statesman, of August 22, speaking of the railway disaster at Logan, Iowa, July 12, reverts to the over-throw of Pharaoh's host in the Red Sea, and says: " Both of these sad providences were simply the voice of an angry God, speaking in thunder against Sabbath desecration." This goes a step further than anything we have seen before in the nature of an appeal to credulity. THE present political campaign will prob-ably be the most bitter of any since the era of our great civil war. The mind of the Bible student reverts irresistibly to the words of the first part of the 5th chapter of James; and especially should the Christian heed the counsel given in verses 7-10. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00 Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORE, 