NIVIERICAN SENTINEL. 233 THE "Christian daily newspaper" idea has taken root in the mind of a Methodist pastor in Baltimore, and has led him to decide on an effort to interest Chris-tians in Maryland in such an undertaking. A circular on the subject has been sent to clergymen and heads of religious societies throughout the State, presenting the following pledge:Š "We, the undersigned, feel the need of a pure Chris-tian daily newspaper published in the city of Baltimore. We promise that if the Christian Citizen is ever published we will subscribe for it on the following express condi-tions: It is to cost two cents a copy. It is to exclude from its columns all advertisements of the liquor busi-ness, prize fights, Sabbath desecration, court investiga-tion of the unclean, theatres and everything which is corrupting to public morals. It will advocate only that which is consistent with pure Christian citizenship. It will have no political leaning, but briefly state the ac-tions of all political parties. It will be entirely unde-nominational." * * When a sufficient number of subscribers is obtained to make it an assured financial success,the subscription list is to be turned over to seven well-known "Christian business men" to have entire charge and control of the enterprise, and after paying the actual expenses of the publication all the clear profits are to be given to public charity, such as the Friendly Inn, the Boys' Home, the Prisoners' Aid Association, or to any other good cause which said board shall select. Those contemplating subscribing to the paper are requested to sign the pledge and return to the Baltimore pastor. * * IN press comments touching the development of military ideas in Europe, we note the following:Š "France has been quick to see the possible advan-tages of the automobile in time of war, and Germany is not to lag behind. The emperor has offered a prize of $20,000 for the best carriage adapted for use on the road or in the field. A squadron of armor-plated au-tomobiles, armed with quick-firers, and perhaps with scythes on the wheels in the style of the ancients, would certainly strike terror to a foe if it got near enough." THE following words spoken by Andrew Carnegie in an address to the young men of a Baptist church in this city, are worthy of repetition before every audience of young men in the country. His theme was "Step-ping-stones to success in business." "Before I had any stepping-stones, I had the most magnificent foundation for them. I was born to the blessed heritage of poverty. I hope I speak to poor young men. I hope the burden of riches has not been laid upon any of you at your time of life. When it is laid upon a young man, and, notwithstanding all its great temptations, he acts his part well, he is entitled to double honor. He is the very salt of the earth. We  hear a good deal in these days about povertyŠoh, abol-ish poverty! But the saddest day that civilization ever saw will be that in which poverty doesn't win its way. The poor, thank God, we will always have with us. God doesn't call his great sons from the palace. The first thing that a young man can do as a stepping-stone is to resolve to do more than his duty. If he doesn't do that, he is not in the race." * * * THE question of Sunday closing of exhibits at the Paris Fair is being agitated in England as well as in the United States. From the following press statement published April 4, it appears that the attitude of the British government is not so yielding toward the agi-tators for Sunday closing there, as is the case in this country; also that the American commissioner at the Fair has decided to close the national pavilion on Sun-days, notwithstanding the objection of the French authorities:Š "Lord Kinnaird, in the British House of Lords yes-terday, asked the government to support the United States in opposing displays on Sunday at the Paris exposition. The premier, Lord Salisbury, replied that the government was fully aware of the feeling in the matter, but had no shadow of authority to deal with the subject. It was entirely a question for the authori-ties of the exposition. Their objection to shutting certain shops on Sunday was that the general appear-ance of the exhibition would thereby be seriously in-jured, and they did not think themselves justified in adopting the suggestion. Opinions of the most diverse character were entertained on this subject, the premier continued, but in France the opinions generally were not precisely in accord with those of Lord Kinnaird. The government had done all that was possible in making representations on the subject to the exhibition commissioners. * * * "Regarding the Sunday opening question, Commis-sioner Peck has received a petition signed by a mass of American exhibitors in the engineering and machinery section, which is situated in the park of Vincennes, requesting permission to remain open on Sundays, Sun-day being the only day in the week on which they expect a large attendance, owing to the park being out of the way for most Parisians. They, therefore, wish to show the machinery in motion on that day. Commissioner Peck has decided to close the national pavilion OR Sun-days." PATRIOTISM does not demand that we shall approve a wrong. Loyalty to our country does not require dis-loyalty to principles of righteousness. Loving and honoring the flag means loving and honoring the prin-ciples for which that flag stands.ŠIndependent Patriot, Lamoni, Iowa, March 29. THE churches will never reach Pentecost by the way of politics. 