 "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 17. NEW YORK, APRIL 23, 1896. Price, Three Cents.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, I.  CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - Ł ASSISTANT EDITOR. PAUL BEFORE AGRIPPA. IN Paul's day Rome ruled the world, pagan-ism was intrenched in the laws and customs of the people, and new religions were proscribed. 1  All gods were then regarded as national deities, and while the gods of Rome were held to be superior to all others, even to Jehovah, Rome permitted conquered nations to main-tain their accustomed worship; hence Judaism was tolerated. But Rome forbade innovations in religion. The law was :Š " No man shall have for himself particular gods of his own; no man shall worship by himself any new or foreign gods, unless they are recog-nized by the public laws." I " Whoever introduces new relig-ions, the tendency and character of which are unknown, whereby the minds of men may be disturbed, shall, if belonging to the higher rank, be banished; if to the lower, pun-ished with death."' Christianity, while only the perfect development of the religion of the Hebrews, was regarded by both Jews and Gentiles as a hew faith, and therefore prohibited; but the apos-tle argued that Christianity was simply the faith of the fathers, and consequently within the " law," that is, not prohibited by " law." Paul a Roman Citizen. Paul, though a Jew, was a, Roman citizen; and this fact imparts a peculiar interest to the record of his life, because his relation to the State corresponded more nearly to that of most 1  Torrey's translation of Neander's "Church History," Vol. 5, P. 80. 2  Id. men of to-day than did that of any other of the apostles. Not every Roman subject was a citizen. There is a wide difference even to-day between residence and citizenship; and there was very much more difference then. "The early law of Rome," says the " Encyclopedia Brit-annica," " was essentially personal, not terri-torial. A man enjoyed the benefit of its in-stitutions and of its protection, not because he happened to be within Roman territory, but because he was a citizen,Šone of those by whom and for whom its law was established." Paul, on three recorded occasions, availed himself of the privileges that were his by virtue of his Roman citizenship. And once did he plead that he was "a citizen of no mean city," Tarsus. This, however, was not tanta-mount to Roman citizenship, for we subse-quently find the chief captain, to whom this  statement was made, apparently ignorant of the fact that the apostle was a Roman. Paul's first appeal to his Roman citizenship is recorded in the 16th chapter of Acts. " And it came to pass," writes Luke, " as we went to prayer, a certain damsel possessed with a spirit of divination met us, which brought her masters much gain by soothsaying: the same followed Paul and us, and cried, saying, These men are the servants of the most high God, which shew unto us the way of salva-tion. And this did she many days. But Paul, being grieved, turned and said to the spirit, I command thee in the name of Jesus Christ to come out of her. And he came out the same hour. And when her masters saw that the hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silas, and drew them into the market-place unto the rulers, and brought them to the magistrates, saying, These men, being Jews, do exceedingly trouble our city, and teach customs, which are not lawful for us to receive, neither to observe, being Romans. And the multitude rose up together against them: and the magistrates rent off.  their clothes, and commanded to beat them. And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailer to keep them safely: who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison, and made their feet fast ili the stocks."'  Proper Dignity Maintained. " When it was day, the magistrates sent the sergeants, saying, Let these men go." " And the keeper of the prison told this saying to Paul." " But Paul said unto them, They have beaten us openly uncondemned, being Romans, and have east us into prison; and now do they thrust us out privily? nay verily; but let them come themselves and fetch us out. And the sergeants told these words unto the magis-trates: and they feared, when they heard that they were Romans. And they came and be-sought them, and brought them out." Roman law guaranteed to the citizen a trial 3  Acts 16:16-24, 4  Acts 16: 37-W. Ł EDITORS. Paul Before Agrippa. 