60 THE,' SNTINEL. Now to all these elements add the National Reform Association, which, under the name and form of Protestantism, proposes to unite all Protestant bodies in one, and then to trade them off bodily to Rome for her influence, for the sole purpose of securing to the church the control , of the civil power, and the scheme is completely sketched, as it now stands. At the present rate, how long will it be be-fore Rome's influence will be supreme every-where? This question is worth thinking about. A. T. J. The National Reform Vice-Presidency. IN his report in the SENTINEL for June our correspondent from the Philadelphia National Reform Convention, made a remark which lets considerable light upon the National. Re-form method of getting the names of so many eminent men in its list of vice-presidents. It has been a puzzle to some of these gentle-men, whom they run as their vice-presidents, to know how they ever became vice-presidents of an association whose objects they utterly oppose. The following sentence reveals the secret :Š "The motion was made and supported that all those citizens of Philadelphia whose names were attached to the call for the convention, should be made vice-presidents of the associa-tion, when, without discussion, it was put and unanimously carried. By this simple act, and without the consent of the persons concerned, seventy-eight new officers were elected." Now everybody knows that it is the easiest thing in the world to get names, and the names of eminent men too, signed to a petition or call for a convention or public meeting to consider important questions. Men will sign such a call without even fairly looking at it, much less reading and considering it. So the National Reformers circulate a " Call for a Na-tional Conference on the Christian Principles of Civil Government," and get a large number or signatures to it. That is a most innocent-looking thing; who would not sign it? And in the circular sent out it is distinctly stated that "the sessions of the Conference will be distinct from the sessions of the National Re-form Association." That makes doubly inno-cent the " Call for a Conference." But, lot at one of the sessions of the association, all who signed the call for the conference are at one swoop made vice-presidents of the Na-tional Reform Association; and henceforth those names, whether their owners be living or dead, will be made to do service for all they are worth in behalf of National Reform and as officers of its association. More than this, the National Reform mana-gers know that not all of those gentlemen are in favor of the object of the association. In the circular before referred to, it is plainly stated thatŠ "Some of the signatures of citizens concur-ring in the Call for the National Conference' are those of persons who . . . have not yet been convinced of the necessity for the proposed Christian -amendment to the Na-tional Constitution. An eminent representa- tive of this class is found in Bishop 0. W. Whitaker, of the diocese of Pennsylvania." And yet Bishop O. W. Whitaker, with all the rest of these gentlemen "who have not yet been convinced," is now a vice-president, in eminent standing, of the association whose sole purpose is to secure just such an amend-ment. That is to say, they are all vice-presidents of an association whose sole object is to do a thing of the necessity of which they have not yet been convinced. In 1872 the National Reformers played this same trick on Marshall Jewell. They got his signature to a call for a convention, and then swung him in as a vice-president of the association. But Mr. Jewell issued a cir-cular in which he said:Š "Such action on the part of the association was entirely unwarranted, 'and, so far from consenting to it, I desire that my name be stricken from the list. I should have refused my name had I received notice of it. After giving the matter considerable thought, I am entirely opposed to the movement, and the objects sought to be accomplished by it, be-lieving that it is impracticable and uncalled for. If the people at large do not acknowl-edge in their actions the divine authority, it is worse than useless to attempt a national acknowledgment." Such, therefore, is the National Reform method of securing such abundance of emi-nent "names of men" as vice-presidents to their association. And it is in perfect keep-ing with other of the methods which they em-ploy to make their movement a success. Anything for influence seems to be their motto. A. T. J. 0  Russia and Religion. IN the April Century, Mr. George Kennan gave an invaluable article on the "Russian Penal Code," from which we make the follow-ing extract on the subject of religion. In reading it it must be borne in mind that Russia is a "Christian nation ; " that the relig-ion of Russia is a national religion, and that what is there called Christianity is the national religion. Also in reading it, it will be well to bear in mind the National Reform scheme to make the United States a "Christian nation," to establish here a national religion, and to make what the National Reformers call Chris-tianity, the national religion. At the same time, too, may very properly be borne in mind the National Reform proposition in regard to dissenters from their national religion when they get it established, which is as follows :Š " If the opponents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land; and . . . stay there till they die." Let the reader compare this with the Rus-sian Penal Code on " Crimes against the Faith," and tell, if he can, what would be the difference between this and the oft-repeated Russian penalty of " exile for life to the most remote part of Siberia." Mr. Kennan says:Š " The first important title or division of the Russian penal code is that which comprises what are called Crimes against the Faith,' and the severity with which such crimes are  punished furnishes a striking illustration of the importance which the State attaches to the church as the chief bulwark of its own authority. The first section, which may be taken as fairly indicative of the spirit of the whole title, is as. follows :Š "`SECTION 176. Whoever dares, with pre-meditation, and publicly in a church, to blas-pheme [literally, "to lay blame upon "] the glorious Triune God, or our Most Pure Ruler and Mother of God, the ever-Virgin .Mary, or the illustrious Cross of the Lord God Our Saviour Jesus Christ, or the incorporeal Heav-enly Powers, or the Holy Saints of God and their images, such person shall be de-prived of all civil rights, and exiled for life, with not less than twelve nor more than fif-teen years of penal servitude. If such crime shall be committed not in a church but in a public place, or in the presence of a number of assembled people, be that number large or small, the offender shall be deprived of all civil rights and exiled for life, with not less than six nor more than eight years of penal servitude.' "The next section, which deals with another aspect of the same crime, is as follows :Š "`SECTION 177. If the offense described in the foregoing section [No. 176] be committed not in a public place nor before a large as-semblage of people, but nevertheless in the presence of witnesses, with an intention to shake the faith of the latter, or lead them astray, the offender shall be deprived of all civil rights, and exiled for life to the most re-mote part of Siberia.' "Section 178 provides that whoever, with premeditation, in a public place and in the presence of a large or small assemblage of people, dares to censure [or condemn] the Christian faith, or the orthodox church, or to revile [or abuse] the sacred Scriptures or the holy sacraments [literally, "mysteries"], such person shall be deprived of all civil rights, and exiled for life, with not less than six nor more than eight years of penal servitude. If such 3rime shall be committed not in a public place nor in the presence of an assemblage of people, but nevertheless before witnesses, and with an intention to shake the latter's faith, and lead them astray [literally, "to seduce them"], the offender shall be deprived of all civil rights, and exiled for life to the most re-mote,part of Siberia.' "Section 179 declares that if any person shall witness or have personal knowledge of the commission of the crimes set forth in sections 176-178, and shall fail to inform the authori-ties thereof, he shall be imprisoned for not less than four nor more than eight months, ac-cording to the circumstances of the case. "Section 181 is as follows: 'Whoever, in a printed work, or even in a written composi-tion, if the latter be by him in any manner publicly circulated, indulges in blasphemy, or speaks opprobriously of the saints of the Lord, or condemns the Christian faith or the ortho-dox church, or reviles the sacred Scriptures or the holy sacraments, such person shall be deprived of all civil rights, and exiled for life to the most remote part of Siberia. The same 