776 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE most noteworthy thing about the President's message to Congress, if we may judge from press com-ments, is the virtual repudiation by the chief executive of one of the most important promises contained in the po-litical platform of the party in which the people voted their confidence a year ago last November. It is that promise of the platform which relates to the war in Cuba. . * UPON that point -the platform says: "The govern-ment of Spain having lost control of Cuba, and being un-able to protect the property or lives of resident American citizens, or to comply with its treaty obligations, we be-lieve that the government of the United States should actively use its influence and good offices to restore peace, and give independence to the island." The signi-ficant part of this utterance, and that upon which the party most relied to secure the support of the people, is the last clause. OF the platform which includes this declaration, the President, in his speEch of acceptance, made in June, 1896, said: "The platform adopted by the Republican National Convention,  has received my careful considera-tion, and has my unqualified approval." AND now, in his message to Congress, the President says this: "It is honestly due to Spain and to our friendly relations with Spain that she should be given a reason-able chance to realize her expectations and to prove the efficacy of the new order of things to which she stands irrevocably committed." It is needless to, add that Spain's "expectations" and her "new order of things" do not in the least degree look to the "independence of the island." They look in exactly the opposite direc-tion. THE incident only illustrates the fact that political promises are made more for the purpose of trading upon the support of the people, than for the upholding of what the people conceive to be right and justice. 'In the polit-ical code of ethics, expediency is a word which ranks above all others. And he who can so feel the pulse of thepeople as most accurately to determine what promises it is most expedient to make to secure the people's support, and  how the people can be humbugged in such a way that they will not find it out, is fitted to shine as a star of the first magnitude in the political firmament of this day. THE other dayŠit was on SundayŠa woman was ar-rested in the streets of this city for selling apples. When she was brought before the justice the next day, it seemed as though a case would be made out against her, not-withstanding her plea that her utmost efforts were re-quired to keep herself and her children from starving. But the justice; having proceeded to look tip the "law".  on the subject, finally discovered that selling apples on Sunday was not a crime, as had been supposed, and the woman was accordingly set at liberty. COULD such a thing as this ever take place in any other way than through the operation of a Sunday law? Has any other law such anomalous features as has this law? Think of a city magistrate having to look through the code in order to determine whether selling apples on Sunday was or was not a crime! He was an intelligent man; he was well educated; he had good reasoning powers; he had the natural ability of any upright char-acter to,  distinguish between right and wrong. But none of these things could give him any clue by which to de-termine -whether this woman had committed a crime. So all these faculties had to be laid aside, and the case decided by' a simple reference to what was said in the code. IF the judge had been looking for the penalty which had been prescribed for a transgression of some sort, there would have been nothing surprising in this; for it is fre-quently necessary for judges to refresh their memories asŁ regards various specifications which the law lays down. But here the judge and all parties concerned were in ab-solute ignorance as to whether the act done constituted a crime or was entirely innocent. Who ever heard of a proceeding like this, disconnected from the operation of a Sunday law? And what clearer proof could be wanted that the provisions of such a law have their origin neither in justice nor common sense? AND now will somebody please tell usŠsome advocate of the Sunday laws, we would preferŠwhat is the use of cumbering the machinery of govermiient with a law that declares something to be a crime which nobody, from consulting his reason or his sense of right and wrong, would ever imagine to be a crime at all? Are there not crimes enough to occupy the attention and absorb the energies of our departments of justice, without making crimes out of innocent acts? What time have policemen to spend, properly, in arresting such "criminals," or judges in passing upon their cases, or other officials in 