"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, JULY 20, 1899. NUMBER 28. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Aar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) Goon character is built not upon human law, but upon love of good principles. IT is the province of the civil authority to deal with crime, but God's province to deal with sin. EVERY man has a right to rest from work on Sun-day, and he has also the privilege; there is no law to prevent him from so doing. .4 .4 THE laws of nature govern man's physical wellbeing, and none of these laws ever were or can be framed by a legislature. Nor can any government enforce them. IMMORALITY has vastly greater power for destruc-tion than any human law has for salvation. The latter is not a panacea for the effects of the former. As THE true standard of morality cannot change, only that authority can properly legislate upon moral-ity which is not subject to change, and that is the au-thority of Omniscience. .0t INJUSTICE is no more binding on an individual when in the form of a statute, than before it was enacted into "law." As justice is always binding, injustice can never be binding in any form. Therefore the paramount  question is not whether a law shall be enforced or not, but whether it is just. CONGRESS and the State legislatures are designed to represent the people of the States. No legislative body in a republican government can represent a church, or a religious organization. And for this reason churches and religious societies ought to keep out of politics. As JUST laws are binding upon all individuals, and conscience is also binding upon each one, it is evident that both cannot occupy the sante sphere without con-flict, and therefore that their proper spheres are sep-arate from each other. Law is not made to take the place of conscience, and conscience cannot surrender it-self to law. The province of law simply the preserva-tion of human rights, and the office of conscience is to guide the individual in doing right. To protect rights, and to enforce right, are vastly dissimilar things. What Jesus Did Do. MUCH is being said of a certain book professedly written from the basis of "What would Jesus do?" As this question is akin to the Christian Endeavor pledge, the theories of the book are expected to have a large place among the Endeavorers: indeed it seems that this is so already. Whatever may be said of the, book as to its application to the individual life in general, of the question, "What would Jesus do?" it is certain that inone important particular it is altogether in error: and that is that it carries into politics and all the affairs of the state and endeavors to apply there the question "What would Jesus do?" But this is altogether an error, because the only way anybody can truly tell "What would Jesus do?" is by 