THE SENTINEL OF LII3ERTY. 649\' THE WRONGS OF THE COAL MINERS. ACCORDING to the Citizen, of Archibald, Pa., the coal miners certainly have serious grievances. The Citizen claims to give the facts just as they are. The conditions which it describes exist in collieries employing 75,090 workers of all grades. There is; according to the Citizen, no uniformity. At some mines the men are paid by the ton, ,at others by the car, and there is no uniform on or standard car. The ton, it says, ranges from 2,800 pound's to .3,600, while the car varies in its capacity' from one, and a half to four tons.  There are, also, differences in the pay for rock work, for the open:. ing of chambers, etc. At some mines the men are well paid for certain kinds of work, while at others they receive no pay at all. Again there are other inequalities and injustices. , The coal before it leaves the mine for the breaker is weighed 1 and credit given to the miner for tonnage, the, latter, however, to be revised at the breaker. If the stan-dard at the breaker is different from that at the mine,-which is sometimes the case (and generally it is greater), the figures have to be rectified. Again the," docking boss" inspects the coal and, he is at liberty to dock the men according to his own whim from 6've hundred to one, thousand pounds per car for dirty-coal, and this dockage is said to amount at certain breakers to forty tons daily. Even then the process is not complete. Says the Citizen: " The coal is then ground into various marketa-ble sues. At some breakers, when there is a de-mand for sizes smaller than chestnut, the sizes larger than chestnut are diverted into special chutes and these sizes are again conveyed to the topsof the breaker. Then, they are run through again and ground into smaller Sizes. For all the sizes smaller than chestnut, and there are five, the men do not get one cent of pay. About one-fifth of the coal run, through the breaker is ground into those sizes. "The co-al is then loaded into the big cars and is ready 'to be shipped to market. Before it leaves the breaker, it is weighed again. This tithe the, standard ton is 2,240 pounds and the operators are paid ac-cording to that, standard. The weight of all the' sizes smaller than chestnut is deducted from the net tonnage as shoWn by the small, scales-at the top of the breaker. It generally happens that even after deduCting the:Smaller sizes the tonnage is greater on the large scale than it is on the small scalp. This is due to the fact that the coal on the large scale lis weighed according to the to the 2,240Lpound ton, while on the small scale it varies, as we have  said, from 2,860 to 5,600 pounds. Do the then get credit fOr the additional tonnage? Oh, no. There is nothing ,said about it. A few years ago the men got credit for an overplus, but they have not lately. It is estimated that in this so-called 'balancing the scales' the men lose about four per cent of the coal they mine. "At some of the mines where coal is paid for by the car there must be a certain amount, of ' topping' on it. If the car should be an inch below the stair= dard height the 'miner is docked a quarter of a car*. It may readily be seen that this is an item of con-siderable consequence. Another innovation at mines where coal is so loaded is the ' bony boss.' It is the duty of this man to examine the coal before it is taken out of, the mine. If the car contains dirty *coal or the topping' is not of the required height he has the privilege of docking the car or else send-ing it back to the miner from whom it comes, to :be filled again." " LIBERTY consists in the right to do whatever is not contrary to the rights of others." THE powers of government that God ordained he conferred upon the creature of, his, own hand, the crowning work of creationŠman; and not upon the creatures of man--cliques, combinations, con-federacies, and monarchs and emperors. BIBLE TEXT-BOOK." BIBLE students will be interested in the " Bible Text-Book" just issued by the Review & Herald Publishing Co., Battle Creek, Mich. This book-  is of convenient size to carry in thepocket, Measuring only 3% x 6 inches, with a thickness of only 3/8  of an inch, and weighing only WI. ounces. Notwith-standing this book is so small, it' covers a wide range of 'Biblical subjects, introducing and develop-ing each in its natural order, giving proof texts, etc. , The "Bible Text-Book " also conta.insfive charts - illustrating "The Typical Ordinances," The Week-ly and Yearly Sabbaths," " Names of the Days of the Week," "Seven SealS, the Seal of God, and, the Mark of The Beast," and " The Day of the Lord.". This book, has also a Table of Contents and very complete Index. The " Bible Text-Book " sells in cloth for 30 cents and- in leather binding for 5o cents. Every:Bible student ought tc, have a copy. Order of the publishers. 