THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 like graham bread, thereby makes an acknowledg-ment that he eats nothing but worthless trash." Can you not see the point? Because I am not willing to catch my neighbor and force hini to eat graham bread against his will, is that any evi-dence that I myself do not like such food? Not at all. I think all men ought to eat that which is good, and I may try to show them by precept and example what is the most healthful diet, but I have no right to say that because I know it is good, and I like it, therefore somebody else who does not know that it is good, and who, as a con-sequence does not like it, shall be forced to eat it. Now just as my appetite can be no criterion for him, so I may not substitute' my conscience for his. The fact that I object to having my neigh-bor, forced to listen to the reading of that which he does not like, is no evidence that I do not like it. The Bible stands for liberty. It calls men to liberty. And the forcing of men to listen to it, will work the very thing that it is designed to prevent; for if men do not like the Bible, the surest way to confirm their dislike is by forcing them to listen to it. The Bible says: "Whoso-ever will, let him take the water of life freely." When men, in their,  blind zeal for the gospel, be-come wise above that which is written, and think that men can be made Christians by law, when the Bible says it is only by the persuasion of love, they do the Bible more injury than do the de-famers of that book. Origin of the' Public School -Contro- yersy IT is probably not generally-known that the Roman Catholics, in asking for a portion of the public school money, are simply following Prot-estant leading; but such is the case. The follow-ing items from the first section of " Roraamism versus the Public School System," by Dr. Daniel Dorchester (Methodist), may be of interest to those who have not the book :Š "Many may be surprised to learn that the first appeal for a division of the public school funds in this country was made by a Protestant denomin-ation, and the first sectarian division actually made was to that body. The other Protestant churches, instead of objecting, attempted to obtain their share of the public funds." After mentioning the formation of the New York Public School Society, in 1805; the Doctor says:Š Ł " The'first ripple of disturbance in the manage-ment of this society, it should be said, came from the Protestant denominations, when the Baptist Bethel Church, in 1823, sought and obtained its share of the public money for its schools. An agi-tation was awakened, all the steps of which need not now be distinctly traced. . . By the act of the Legislature the question of a division of the funds was to be decided by the Board of the City Corporation. That body appointed a committee to hear the parties to the case. It is remarkable that the Episcopalians, Methodists, Baptists, and Roman Catholics, at that time, sought for a par-ticipation in the school fund, just as the Roman Catholics have since done. After the hearing, the committee made a report, which settled the prin-ciple for that time, that sectarian schools were not to be sustained or aided from the public money." Speaking of the controversy that has since been carried on, Dr. Dorchester continues :Š " It is correctly claimed by intelligent Roman Catholics that this controversy did not begin with them, but with the Baptist Bethel Church, al-ready referred to. They also justly claim that certain influential Protestants, at the opening of this controversy gave them encouragement. Among these the distinguished Rev. Dr. Eliphalet Nott, for a very long period president of Union College, at Schenectady, is cited as one who was open in the advocacy of a denominational school system, by  which each denomination would share, in due pro-portion to its pupils in the schools, in the common school fund." Whether the Protestants withdrew from their former position because they, saw that the Roman Catholic Church would have the lion's share or not, we cannot say. But this we do know, that in a different form they are advocating the same principle to-day. The Blair Educational Amend-ment Bill will place the public schools of this country, with all the public school money, in the hands, not of any particular sect, but of Prot-estants and Catholics combined. For that bill is nothing more nor less than an act to promote the union of Church and State. The New Theocracy. THE National Woman's Christian Temperance Union proposes to establish a theocracy by ballot in this Government. They have declared that "Christ shall be this world's king" (although Christ himself said " my kingdom is not of this world"), and that this kingdom of Christ "must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." They have declared thatŠ "A true theocracy is yet to come, and the en-thronement of Christ in law and lawmakers; hence I pray devoutly, as a Christian patriot, for the bal-lot in the hands of women, and rejoice that the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union has so long championed this cause."ŠMonthly Reading, September, 1886. This is not the first attempt of the kind that has been made in the Christian era. The Caine theory prevailed among the ambitious church leaders in the fourth century, and the same kind of a scheme was set on foot there by them as is here being carried out now. Says Neander, of the time of Constantine:-- " There had in fact arisen in the church a false theocratical theory, originating not in the essence of the gospel, but in the confusion of the religious constitutions of the Old and New Testaments, which . . . brought along with it an unchris-tian opposition of the spiritual to the secular power, and which might easily result in the formation of a sacerdotal State, subordinating the secular to itself in a false and outward way."ŠTorrey's Ne-ander, Boston, 1853, p. 132. Neander calls this a "false theocratical theory;" and it is rightly so called, because since Jesus Christ died, no theocratical theory of earthly gov-ernment can be anything but false. There was once a true theoracy upon earth. The Govern-ment of Israel was a true theocracy. That was really a Government of God. At the burning bush, God commissioned Moses to lead his people out of Egypt. By signs and wonders and mighty miracles multipled, God delivered Israel from Egypt, and led them through the wilderness, and finally into the promised land. There he ruled them by judges "until Samuel the prophet," to whom, when he was a child, God spoke, and by whom he made known his will. In the days of Samuel, the people asked that they might have a king. This was allowed, and God chose Saul, and Samuel anointed him king of Israel. Saul failed to do the will of God, and as he rejected the word of the Lord, the Lord rejected him from being king; and sent Samuel to anoint David king of Israel ; and David's throne God established forevermore. When Solomon succeeded to the kingdom in the place of David his father, the re-cord is: "Then Solomon sat on the throne of the Lord as king, instead of David his father." 1 Chron. 29:23. David's throne was the throne of the Lord, and Solomon sat on the throne of the Lord as king over the earthly kingdom of God.  The succession to the throne descended in David's line to Zedekiah, who was made subject to the king of Babylon, and who entered into a solemn cove-nant before God that he would loyally render al-legiance to the king of Babylon. But Zedekiah broke his covenant; and then God said to him:Š "Thou profane, wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end, thus saith the Lord God: Remove the diadem and take off' the crown; this shall not be the same; exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high. I will overturn, overturn, overturn it; and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him." Eze. 21:25-27; 17:1-21. The kingdom was then subject to Babylon. When Babylon fell, and Medo-Persia succeeded, it was overturned the first time. When Medo-Persia fell, and was succeeded by Grecia, it was overturned the second time. When the Greek ,empire gave way to Rome, it was overturned the third time. And then says the word, "It shall be no more, till He come who right it is ; and I will give it him." Who is He whose right it is? "Thou . . . shalt call his name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest; and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David ; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever, and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1: 31-33. And while he was here as "that prophet," a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief, the night in which he was betrayed he himself declared, " My kingdom is not of this world." Thus the throne of the Lord has been removed from this world, and will "be no more, until he come whose right it is," and then it will be given him. And that time is the end of this world, and the beginning of "the world to come." Therefore while this world stands, a true theocracy can never be in it again. Consequently every theory of an earthly theocracy is a false theory; every pretension to it is a false pretension; and wherever any such theory is proposed or advocated, whether by the Papal Bish-ops of the Roman Empire in the fourth century, or by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of the United States in the nineteenth century, it bears in it all that the Papacy is or that it ever pretended to be,Šit puts a man in the place of God. All that the history of the Papacy is, is only the working out of this theory. For the first step in the logic of a man-made, or a woman-made, theocracy, is a Pope ; the second step is the infal-libility of that Pope; and the third step is the In-quisition, to make his infallibility effective, as we will prove. First, a true theocracy being a government im-mediately directed by God, a false theoracy is a government directed by a man in the place of God. But a man governing in the place of God is a Pope. A man ruling the world in the place of God, is all that the Pope has ever claimed to be. Second, a false theocracy being a professed government of God, he who sits at the head of it, sits there as the representative of God. He rep-resents the divine authority ; and when he speaks or acts officially, his speech or act is that of God. But to make a man thus the representative of God, is only to clothe human passions with divine power and authority. Consequently, in order to make all his actions consistent with his profession, he is compelled to cover them all with the divine attributes, and make everything that he does in his official capacity the act of God. This is pre- 