THE AlVIE'R.IOAN SENTINEL 7 and sot them round about the tabernacle. And the Lord came down in the cloud, and spake unto him, and took of the Spirit that was upon him, and gave it unto the seventy elders; and it came to pass, that, when the Spirit rested upon them, they prophesied, and did not cease." Num. 11 : 16, 17, 24, 25. And h' View of this we wish he would tell us ex-actly what part "the people" bore in the election of the seventy elders. If our critic refers to the "model of ()Foy-ernment " in which the judges ruled, then we would call his attention to Judges 2 : 16-18: "The Lord raised up judges. . . . And when the Lord raised them up judge's, then the Lord was with the judge, and delivered themŁ out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge." And in view of this scripture will he tell us exactly what part the people " bore in the election of a judge whom. the Lord raised up ? Or if perchance the reverend gentleman refers to none of these,, but means that "model of Government " which was established when a king was chosen, then we ask him to read the following: "Now the Lord had told Sam-uel in his ear a day before Saul came, saying, To-morrow about this time I will send thee a man out of the land of Benjamin, and thou shalt anoint him to be captain over my people Israel. . . . And when Samuel saw Saul, the Lord said unto him, Behold the man whom I spake to thee of ! this same shall reign over my people." " Then Samuel took a vial of oil, and poured, it upon his head, and kissed him, and said, Is it not because the Lord hath anointed thee toŁ be captain over his inherit-ance ?" 1 Sam. 9 : 15-17; 10 : 1. But Saul was finally rejected, not by the people, but by the Lord, and again Mr. Gault may read: " The Lord said unto Samuel, How long wilt thou mourn for Saul, seeing I have rejected him from reigning over Israel ? fill thine horn With oil, and go, I will send thee to Jesse the Bethlehemite; for I have provided me a king from among his sons." And when after all the other sons .of Jesse bad passed by, and David was sent for, when he came, "the Lord said, Arise, anoint him; for this is he. Then Samuel took the horn of oil, and anointed him in the midst of his brethren; and the Spirit of the Lord came upon Daniel from that clay forward." 1 Sam. 16 : 1, 12, 13. And to David God said: "When thy days be fulfilled, and thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, I will set up thy seed after thee, which shall proceed out of thy bowels, and 1 will establish his kingdom. . , . And thine house and thy kingdom shall be established forever before thee; thy throne shall be established forever." 2 Sam. 7 : 12-16. Now as Mr. Gault conveys:the idea that he has studied the Bible a great deal, it certainly is not asking too much of him to request that he tell us about how many of " the people " cast their ballots when Saul or David was elected king of Israel. Here, then, in these four forms of Govern-mentŠthat under Moses and Joshua, the sev:  enty elders, the judges, and the kingsŠare all wherein there is any possibility of finding k"podel of Government which Christ- gave  to Israel," and the plain Scripture, the plain matter of fact, is, that in not a single one of them is there a shadow or a hint of such a thing as that "all," or any, of "their rulers were elected by the people." So much for Mr. Gault's study of the Bible and of the " model of Government which Christ gave to Israel." Now just a word upon his study(?) of our own Government. Ilo says that in our Gov-ernment, in this Government of the United States, "there are one hundred thousand nil-ors in whose election the people have no choice.' If this were to come from anybody but a leading National Reformer, we should call it a -most astounding statement. But as these are the men who are to be made the interpreters of the Scriptures on all points civil, ecclesiastical, and moral, and whose de-cision is-to be final, when one of them speaks ex cathedra, it becomes us, to whom there belongs no right of interpretation nor decision on any subject moral or civil, to be very meek about how wo shall handle it. Therefore we shall be very careful in our examination of this oracular utterance. No doubt it will be a piece of very interest-ing news to the American people to learn that they have in this Government " one hundred thousand rulers " at all; much more when it is declared that this is only the number of those "in whose election the people have no voice;" and that consequently there are in the United States " one hundred thousand rulers" beside those who are elected by the people ! Now we have looked this thing over somewhat, and we know that from the Presi-dent of the United States down through the governors of States, to the constable of a precinct, they are all "rulers," as we presume Mr. Gault would call them, in whose election the people do have a voice. To go outside of the list of these, then, the only other place under the Government where we find "rulers" is among officers of the army and navy, for there we know there are some who rule with an iron hand. But they have nothing to do with us, they are not rulers " of ours;" besides there are not one hundred thousand persons in the army and navy together, officers, sol-diers, and marines. So assuredly these cannot be the " rulers " whom our critic has in mind. We cannot imagine, therefore, to what class of our rulers it can be to which Mr. Gault refers by such a vast number "in whose elec-tion the peopleŁhave no voice," unless it be to the appointees of the civil service! that is, the postmasters, registers, and receivers of land offices, internal revenue collectors, etc., etc., and all their clerks! These we believe now amount to just about a hundred thousand; and these "-rulers" are all appointed. In re-gard to these Mr. Gault is correct in saying that in their " election the people have no voice." And as these are the only " rulers " "of ours" in whose "election the people have no voice," we are absolutely' driven to the conclusion -that these are the "rulers" to whom our eminent critic undoubtedly refers. But the idea of applying the title of "rulers" to postmasters, registers of land offices, reve-nue- collectors, and such like The idea of  calling a lot of servants, " rulers " ! Well,' well, no number of exclamation points could express our astonishment, and we are utterly! at a loss for language to fitly characterize such', a conception of Government, and of rulers; especially when it is coupled with the arnbi.! tion to make itself the sole interpreter in all: affairs-of Government. And it is such men as Mr. M. A. Gault -whom the National Reform party proposes to make the National interpreters of Scripture " on moral and civil as well as on theological and ecclesiastical points;" men whose inter-pretations the most casual reader can see are utterly at variance with every portion of Scripture on the subject; and whose ideas of Government are so crude as to suppose that a lot of Government clerks are rulers of the people. It is such men as this, and men of such ideas of Scripture and of Government as are these, into whose hands the American peo-ple are coolly asked to put, by Constitution-al Amendment, the direction of all the affairs of religion and Government. It.is such men as these whom we are asked to make the supreme arbiters of the Nation, and whose decision will be "final." And the worst of it all is, that from what we see actually occurrent in the Nation at this very time, we are not prepared to say but that the American people are going to do just this thing. But let them know of a surety that in the day when the affairs of this Nation aro put into the ambi-tious hands of the National Reformers, in that day the American people will bind the fair form of Liberty in fetters more absolute than any she has ever borne outside of the bitter rule of the Papal Inquisition. A. T. J. OUR COUNTRY-THE MARVEL OF NATIONS. ITS PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE, AND WHAT THE SCRIPTURES SAY OF IT. U.By  AUTHOR OF " SMITH'S PARLDIENTARY RULES,"RTC., ETC. This is a new and popular work on a subject of the deepest interest to all American citizens. It takes a brief but compre-hensive view of our Government from a Historical, Political, and Religious Standpoint. The Sunday Question, 1Flodern Spirituaiism,and National Reform ARE PROMINENT AMONG THE TOPICS ABLY DISCUSSED IN THIS wonL THE MARVEL OF NATIONS IS a work of 300 pages. It contains a steel plate of the author, and over forty illustrations. It is printed in clear type, and bound in cloth; price, $1.00. COICIRATION 0i7 r.ŠArrangements have been made whereby those who desire can receive a copy of this Popular Book, and the American Sentinel, one year, post-paid, for only C51.25. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. HEALDSBURG COLLEGE. A POPULAR EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION, ESTABLISHED IN 1882. FOUR YEARS OF GREAT PROSPERITY. FOUNDED AND MANAGED UPON SOUND PRINCIPLES. THOROUGH INSTRUCTION IN THE ELEMENTS OF LEARNINQ IN ALL THE GRADES AND THROUGH THE 1 CLASSICAL COURSE. FACULTY CONSISTS OF FIFTEEN INSTRUCTORS OF EXPERIENCE. DISTINCTIVE FEATURES. 1. Instruction in the various trades, with two hours per day f pent in active work. 2. Methods in the C'ass Room are such as to secure the best kind of mental discipline. a A rig. d parental discipline to cultivate high moral character. 4. Expenses within the reach of all. Twenty dollar; per month covers as expense of tuition, beard, lodging, washing, lights, fuel, etc. Spring Term begins Monday, January 3, 1887. S. DROWNSI3EWER, A. M.,. Preside*. Healdsburg, Cal, 