I10  A M-klitiCAN gnNin  4o  VOL. 9, go. it is a mere human invention: it comes from lower down than that. And she herself has given us the means of tracing it to its original. Here it is:Ñ By faith is not meant a trust in Christ for personal salvation, but evidently a firm belief that Jesus is the Messias, the Christ, the Son of God, that what is re-lated of him in the Gospel is true, and that what he taught is true.ÑId.,. p, 369. Now there are recorded in the Scriptures several examples of this same identical " faith" here defined. And now, as we read these examples, and have the plain word of God as to what they were who held this " faith," we can have no diffi-culty in knowing the real nature and origin of the Catholic faith, " the faith of the creed." Here is one : " And in the synagogue there was a man which had a spirit of an unclean devil, and cried out, with a loud voice, saying, Let us alone. What have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazar-reth ? Art thou come to destroy us ? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God. And Jesus rebuked him, saying, sold thy peace and come out of him. And when the devil had thrown him in the midst, he came out of him." Luke 4 : 33-35. Here is another : " And unclean spirits, when they saw him, fell down before him, and cried, saying, Thou art the Son of God. And he straitly charged them that they should not make him known." Mark 3:11, 12. And here is another : " And when he , was come to the other side into the coun-try of the Gergesenes, there met him two possessed with devils, coming out of the tombs, exceeding fierce, so that no man might pass by that way. And, behold, they cried out saying, What have we to do with thee, Jesus, thou Son of God ? Art thou come hither to torment us before the time ?" Matt. 8: 28, 29. And yet another : " Then certain of the vagabond Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the Lord Jesus, saying, We adjure you by Jesus whom Paul preach-eth. And there were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jew, and chief of the priests, which did so. And the evil spirit an-swered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I know; but who are ye ?" Acts 19:13-15. In these examples there is every element of the " faith" above defined and set forth as the " saving faith " of the Catholic Church. Every one of these devils showed " evidently a firm belief " and actually proclaimed it, "that Jesus is the Messias, the Christ, the Son of God!" And that legion of them that found a home with the hogs and set the whole two thousand of them crazy, showed also " evidently a firm belief that what is related of him in the Gospel is true." For from the beginning of the gospel in this world it had been related of him that he should bruise the devil's head; and it was indeed related of him that he should destroy the devil. And that this legion of devils had " evi-dently a firm belief " that this is true is clearly shown by their terrified inquiry, " Art thou come hither to torment us before the time " They thoroughly be-lieved that this time of torment was com-ing, as it had been related; and what they feared now was that it was to befall them "before the time." Not only do these examples supply every element of that which is authoritatively defined and set forth as Catholic " saving faith," showing it to be but the faith of  the devils; but the Scripture plainly states that that is just the kind of faith that it is.  Here are the words : " Thou believest that there is one God ; thou doest well: the devils also believe, and tremble." Jas. 2:19. There is the plain word of the Lord, that this " faith " that is proudly set forth as the Catholic faith is simply the faith that the devils have. And it does not save them. It has no power to change their lives. They are devils still. And moreover, Jesus forbade them to preach this " faith." This is precisely "the faith of the creed." It is of themselves and not of God. And being only of themselves, it is impotent to bring to them any virtue to change the life : it is powerless to work in them any good. Being incapable of working, it is a faith that is dead. And those who hold it, realizing that it is lifeless and so unable to do anything for them, are obliged to give it the appearance of life by doing great things for it in the multiplication of dead works. For, works that are not of faith, that are not wrought by the faith itself, are dead works. They are worse than valueless, for "whatsoever is not of faith is sin " Any faith that is not able of itself to produce, to work, the works of God in hint who professes it, is a dead faith. It is "the faith of the creed." It is the " faith " of the devils. It is the " faith " of the papacy. And when such " faith " is passed off for Christianity, it is the mystery of iniquity, wherever it is found. And therefore it is that the Scrip-ture, immediately after describing this " faith " of the devils, exclaims: "But wilt thou know, 0 vain man, that faith without works is dead ?" And then cites Abraham and calls to all, " Seest thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made perfect ?" Jas. 2: 20, 22. Thus the works by which faith was made perfect, were wrought by the faith itself. When the faith is living, the works of faith appear just as certainly as when the tree is living the fruit appears in its season. The only thing that will be accepted in the Judgment is works. The only works that will be accepted in the Judgment are works of righteousness. And the only righteousness that will be accepted or countenanced in any way whatever in the Judgment is the righteousness of God. And this righteousness is a free gift to man, and is wrought in man by faith aloneÑ" even the righteousness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ, unto all and upon all them that believe; for there is no difference." It is true that "the Church" says that "this faith," "the faith of the creed," this faith of the devils, " leads to trusting in Christ, and to all other virtues." But it is a notable fact that it has not done this for the devils. And it is just as no-table and just as apparent that " this faith " has not, in all these hundreds of years, led the Catholic Church to trusting in Christ nor to any other virtues. Bum she gives an illustration to show the difference between the faith of Christ and " the faith of the creed," and here it is  To show the unfairness of taking the word faith, occurring in the Holy Scripture, in this new Protes-tant sense of trust in Christ for pardon, to the exclu-sion of any other dispositions or means, and not in the Catholic sense of belief in revealed truths, . . . allow me to use the following illustration: Suppose a man afflicted with a grave disease sends for a phpsician  of repute. The physician collies and prescribes, and, to inspire the patient with more confidence, tells him, " Only believe in me and you will be cured." Can we suppo.e that the poor sufferer, on the departure of the physician, would say : " I shall take no medicine, for the physician said : ' Only believe and you will be cured.' " This way of reasoning and acting seems impossible to be adopted in regard to the cure of the body, but respecting the cure of the soul it is an unhappy matter of fact that thousands of persons fall into this sad mistake.ÑCatholic Belief, pp. 374, 375. Now there is not the least doubt that this statement perfectly illustrates the difference between the faith of Christ and Catholic faith, for it proceeds altogether upon the view that there is no more power or virtue in the word of God than there is in the word of a man ; that the word of Christ, the heavenly Physician, has no more power to cure than has the word of an earthly physician. And that is indeed just the difference between true faith, the faith of God; and Catholic faith, "the faith of the creed "Ñand of the devils. True faith finds in the Word of God, the word of the heavenly Physician, the livingÑcreative--power of God to accom-plish all that this word says. When the centurion asked Jesus to cure his sick servant, Jesus said, " I will come and heal him." But the centurion said, " Speak the. word only, and my servant shall be healed." And Jesus himself declared this to be," faith," and even " so great faith " as he had not found in Israel, and then said to the centurion, "Go thy way; and as thou hast believed, so be it done unto thee. And his servant was healed in the selfsame hour." Matt. 8 : 5-13. A noble-man also came to Jesus beseeching him, " Sir, come down ere my child die. Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way." And when the man neared his home "his servants met him, and told him, saying, Thy son liveth. Then inquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him. So the father knew that it was at the same hour in which Jesus said unto him, Thy son liveth: and him-self believed, and his whole house." John 4:46-53. This is faith, genuine faith. It finds in the word of God itself all sufficiency to accomplish all that the word expresses. And over and over again, in fact in alit the cases recorded in the New Testament,, it was believing the word spoken and thus. receiving the power of that word to ac-complish of itself the thing that was: spokenÑit was this faith that healed the. sick, restored the palsied, made the impo-tent to walk, and forgave the sinner. This is believing God. This is faith. But when the word of God is held to be as powerless as the word of a man; when the word of Jesus Christ is held to be as empty of healing virtue as is the word of a mere human physician; when the word of the living God is thus reduced to the level of the word of men, and to all in-tents and purposes is received as the word of men, and the words of men themselves, formulated into a creed, are really put in the place of the word of God ; then such belief, such faith, is only of themselves and is as powerless and as empty of saving virtue as are the men themselves. It is the same story over again, of the effort of men to save themselves by themselves from themselves. And this " faith " that is altogether from men themselves, that stands only in the words and wisdom of men, this " faith of the creed " that is 