Street Scene in the French Revolution.' "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT.Ł FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 12. NEW YORK, MARCH 19, 1896. Price, three cents.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. ALONZO T. JONES, 1.  CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. RELIGION AND REVOLUTION. A LITTLE more than a hundred years ago, the civilized world stood within the shadow of the greatest tragedy of modern times. It was the eve of the French Revolution. Thrones which stood in fancied s e cu rity were to be rudely sha-ken, and institutions and doctrines which had grown venerable under the sanction of time and tradition, were to be overturned and lost in the great upheaval. To-day, we are still in the era of revolu-tion. The causes from which political a n d social mutations take their rise, having their seat in the selfishness of human nature, are not eradicated by the changes which they produce. Neither the lapse of time nor the civilization of the nine-teenth century, afford us immunity from their operation. There are ominous signs upon the horizon of our own national future. In a manner more or less perceptible to all, the air is dark-ened by the shadows of coming events. It is fitting at such a time that we should note the real causes which culminated in the convul-sion of a century ago, and the extent to which, as concerns them, history may be repeating itself to-day. The French Revolution is commonly spoken of as an outburst of atheism. That this was a prominent feature of the Revolution no one denies; but it is proper to inquire, What pro- duced the atheism? Man is not naturally an atheist. And if we look into the condition of society and the church, as it was in France just prior to the Revolution, we shall find abundant cause for the irreligion which at that time burst forth like a devastating flood upon the realm. " There were twenty-three thousand monks in France," says Ridpath; " there were sixty thousand curates and vicars; there were thir-ty-seven thousand nuns; there were two thou-sand five hundred monasteries; one thousand five hundred convents, and sixty thousand churches and chapels. In all there were a hundred and thirty thousand persons who enjoyed themselves in the work of saving France from her sins. But they did not be-gin with themselves. " There were a hundred and forty thousand nobles in France. . . The noble families numbered thirty thousand. On each square league of territory, and for each one thousand of the inhabitants there was one castle, one noble family. France was not only saved but she was ennobled. It required a great deal of land to support properly the dignity and office of one of her saviours. The abbey of St. Germain des Pres owned about nine hundred thousand acres. One fifth of all the lands of France belonged to the clergy, one fifth to  the nobility, one fifth to the communes and the king. This made three fifths."'  This three fifths of the land was the richest and most valuable land in France. Of the value of that part belonging to the clergy we are told: " Its possessions, capitalized, amount to nearly four billion francs; the income from this amounts to eighty or a hundred millions, to which must be added the dime or tithes,Ša hundred and twenty-three millions per annum; in all two hundred millions, a sum which must be doubled to show its equivalent at the present day; and to this must be added the chance contributions and the usual church collections." Coming to particu-lars, it is stated that four hundred monks at Premontro possessed a capital of forty-five million livres, from which they derived a remedy of more than one million livres. The Benedictines of Cluny, two hundred and thirty-eight in num-ber, enjoyed an income of one million eight hundred thousand livres. The abbot of Clairvaux had a yearly income of more than three hundred thou-sand livres; the arch-bishop of Strasburg had an income of more than a million, etc. In Mexico, when the French monarchy under Maximilian was over-thrown, the value of the church property was $300,000,000, and its income was more than that of the Mexican Government. In the United States, the amount of untaxed church property, as shown by the census of 1890, is $679,630,139. Of this the Roman Catholic Church,Šthe church of France and Mexico, holds $118,069,746; but even she is second to the Methodist Church, which holds in the aggregate of her various bodies property val-ued at $132,140,179. In France, at the time of the Revolution, 1  " History of the World," Vol. III, chap, xlvii, I lb. 