JANUARY 9, 1896. AsIVI=EtICA.N. 13 an individual cannot shirk responsibility for a wrong act because done by a corporation, neither can he derive any moral advantage from an acknowledgment of God which per-tains to the constitution of civil government. The propriety of such a governmental pro-fession of Christianity rests upon the assump-tion that civil government is an entity pos-sessing moral accountability. But that which can have a moral character must possess a conscience; and if civil government has a conscience, it must be true (which Mr. Roads denies) that a corporation has one also. In civil government it is proper to use com-pulsion. The national Constitution is the fundamental law of the land, in which all ac-quiesce, either willingly or by compulsion. What is done in its name is done in their name and by their voice. A constitutional ac-knowledgment of God and profession of ac-quiescence in his revealed will would be no less the act,volunteered or forced, of every citizen. But a forced acknowlegment and profession of Christ is hypocrisy and sin. And as but few people in this nation, comparatively, are Christians, such an acknowledgment as is proposed would but constitute a colossal mon-ument of hypocrisy and sin. Yet these men are determined that the Constitution shall "acknowledge" God, even if it has to tell a colossal falsehood to do it. COMMON LAW IN ENGLISH DECISIONS. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and history, University of Chicago.] FROM time immemorial, English lawŠboth British and AmericanŠhas been governed by certain rules of construction, or rules of rea-son, which apply to and control each and every statute that forms a part of our code of law. These rules are part of the common law and are held to be prior to and over all other law of whatever description or kind. By means of this common law-theory of construction, statutes are in fact abrogated, even where the legal power to abrogate is de-nied positively and in tote by the legislative power. " It appears in our books," says Lord Coke, " that in many cases the common law will control acts of Parliament, and sometimes adjudge them to be utterly void. For when an act of lisarliament is against common right and reason, or repugnant, or impossible to be performed, the common law will control it and adjudge such act to be void." Perhaps a better idea of the common law can be got by quoting from the decisions con-trasting it with statute and custom-law,Šthe remainder of the law of the land. The com-mon law is that part of natural right having the sanction of the State or receiving the rec-ognition of sovereignty. Custom law is that body of customs of the people not contrary to the expressed will or welfare of the State. Statute law is that body of law declared by the legislative agent of the StateŠusually by the executive he td or by some representative body, as a legislature. In all of these decisions the common law is set forth as practical justice, or natural right, as understood and sanctioned by the State. " Bills of Rights," "Declarations of Rights," and similar titles, are merely variations of declarations of the common law or the old "Folc-right"Šthe fundamental rights of the people. We see, therefore, why persecution has never had a legitimate place in the com-mon law of the English peoples, and the ground for the declaration of the Supreme Court of New York that " all prohibitions of osdinary business on Sunday, with us, come from the statute." Fortescue, therefore, makes the following decisions of law:Š All human laws are either The law of nature,' Customs, or Statutes, which are also called constitutions. But the two former, when they are reduced into writing, and made public by a sufficient authority of the prince, and commanded to be observed, they then pass into the nature of, and are accepted as constitu-tions or statutes, and in virtue of such promulgation and command, oblige the subject to the observance of them under a greater penalty than they otherwise could do. . . . If, therefore, under these three distinctions of the law of nature, customs, and stat-utes, I shall prove 'he law of England eminent to excel, then I shall have evinced it to be good and ef-fectual for the government of that kingdom. . . . The laws of England, as far as they agree with, and are deduced from, the law of nature, are neither better nor worse, in their decisions, than the laws of all other States or kingdoms in similar cases. For, as the philosopher (Aristotle) says in the fifth of his 2Ethics, "The law of nature is the same, and has the same force all the world over."' "Ley temporal," says Coke, " consisteth of three parts, viz.:Š First, on the common law, expressed:in our bookes of law, and judiciall records; Secondly, on statutes contained in acts and records of Parliament; and, Thirdly, on customs grounded on reason, and used time out of minde; And the construction and determination of these doe belong to the judges of the realme.3  In the preface to Hughe's edition of Horne's " Mirrour of Justices," we find a like dis-tinction made. " The temporal laws of this kingdom," says the writer, " may be divided into three parts:Š First, the general or common law; Secondly, the customary law; Thirdly, statute or parliament laws. The common law is nothing else but pure and tried reason (responsa prudentum). The customary laws are certain ancient customs grounded upon reason, which abridge the course of the common law. In Sir Thomas Harde's reports of cases ad-judged in the Court of Exchequer (1658), the same characterization of the law is given. On page 140 we read:Š The words per legem terrae (the law of the land) signifie, Common law, Customary law, and Statute law. Whatever positive laws are contrary to this law of nature and reason, they are void in themselves.' In fact, Brownlow's reports make the sweeping assertion that all of the common-law judges and writers, without exception, re-garded the law as being of this threefold char-acter. In reporting the case of Rowles vs. Mason,' Brownlow says:Š Coke, chief justice, agreed, and he said that Fortes- 1 It (the term " law of nature ") is not vsed among them that be learned in the lawes of Englande to reason what thing is commanded or prohibited by the law of nature and what not: but al ye reasoning in that behalfe is wider this manner: "As when anything is grounded vpon the law of nature, they say that reason wil that such a (hinge bee done: and if it be prohibited by the law of nature, they say it is against reason, or that reason will not suffer it to be done." St. Germain's `Doctor and Student.' 11, (2 (London, newiie corrected and imprinted with newe additions,' 1580). Coke makes this same division of the law, as does Fortes-cue, but substitutes common law for law of nature, and cites Fortescue as authority, showing that he regards common law, as he says. "properly so-called; " the same as what Bracton, Fortescue. and the other earlier writers of both England and Rome regarded as the law of nature, insofar as such law is recognized and sanctioned by the State. 2  Forteseue's "De Laudibus Legum Angliae," chapters 15, 16. Ł " Coke's Institutes," book III, folio 344. 4 "The Mirrour of Justices," written originally in the Old French, long before the Conquest. London, 1768. I Per Chief-Justice Widdrington. See also Rawlett v". the Attorney-General. same report. page 466, where it is main-tained "that an act of P (rliament, that should take it (nat-ural justice) away would be void in itself; as is said in `Doc-tor and Student.' " Ł Brownlow and Goldesborough reports, 197, 198. cue and Littleton and all others agreed, that the law consists of three parts, First, common law; Secondly, statute law, which corrects, abridges, and explains the common law; The third, custom, which takes away the common law e., the change of custom modifies the law; for en facto jus oritur,ŠOut of the fact the law arises: so, when the facts are different, the law itself is different; Cessante ratione legis, cessat ipse When the reason for the law ceases, the law itself ceases). But the common law corrects, allows and disallows both statute law and custom: for if there be repug-nancy in statute or unreasonableness in custom, the common law disallows it or rejects it. as it appears by nDuri.tBy.onham's case, and in 8 Coke 27, Henry VI. an- And elsewhere Coke says: "Customer et usages. Consuetudo (custom) is one of the main triangles of the lawes of England; those lawes being divided into common law, statute law, and custome." FOR THE TRUTH'S SAKE. BY W. A. COLCORD. To be loyal to the truth under all circum-stances has ever cost a sacrifice. It cost Abel his life. It made Noah a very unpopular man. It cast Jeremiah in the dungeon; Shadrach,111eshach and Abed-nego in the Eery furnace, and Daniel into the lion's den. It crucified the Lord of glory, stoned Stephen, and in the ages that followed led a mighty host to a martyr's death. " Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution," says Paul. And Paul's career, after he became a follower of Christ, testified to the truthfulness of his statement. His godly life in Christ Jesus caused him to be stoned, beaten with many stripes, placed in the stocks, imprisoned, and finally to be beheaded. For some time 1st fore his death, he was a prisoner in Borne. In this condition he wrote some of his epistles. To lead a godly life through faith in Jesus, which, by the way, is the only way in -which a godly life can l e led, means to be loyal to the truth; to have the moral courage to stand by the truth at whatever cost; to he faithful unto death. And what is the truth? Said Christ: " Sanctify them through thy truth; thy word is truth." Then to be loyal to the truth means to he loyal to the word of God. This is what cots.This is what demands integrity, self-denial, and thorough comecra-tion to God. This is what brings persecution for righteousness' (right doings's) sake. And here is where so many fail. They are not true to the word. Describing the stony- ground hearer, Christ said: "Ile that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and anon with joy receiveth it; vet hath he not root in himself, but dureth for a while: for when tribulation or persecu-tion ariseth because of the word, by and by he is offended." The tribulation and persecu-tion arise because of /be word. Satan is the enemy of the word: for it is God's word, and he is the enemy of God. He therefore per-secutes all who strictly adhere to it. It was became of Paul's faith in the word that the Jews persecuted him. To Felix he 7  Coke's Institutes. 110 b. These quotations might be ex tended indefinitely, but I have given enough here to estab-lish beyond the possibility of a successful contradiction the threefold character and source of law. I might quote Hol-land, whose excellent work is recently from the press (fourth edia n. Oxford, 1888). to show that this conception of the na-ture of law still obtains among political scientists as well as among the lawyers. In his chapter on the sources of law, he speaks of "the mutual relations of (1) customary. (2) judge-made, and (.3) statute law; "Šthe very same divisions given by the older lawyers substituting " judge-made" law, for Fortescue's term "law of nature," St. Germain's "law of reason." and Coke's " common law." Whatever the term, it is the bench's conception of legal justice arising out of the related facts. 