6 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. And, as there has never been a time when all the people were Christians, and never will be in, this world, therefore it is certain that there , never were, and never will be, any Christians, and hence nobody can be saved. Ł This is the logic of religious legislation. But is it true that God has so arranged matters that one man's virtue or piety depends upon that of some other man, so that he cannot serve God acceptably unless the other man does the same? Those who are clamoring for Sunday laws say, " Yes; " the apostle Paul says, " Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life; nor angels, nor principalities, nor r'powers, nor things present, nor things to come, .inor height, nor, depth, nor any other creature, :shall be, able to separate us from the love of ,God,,which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." It is wonderful how great authorities will ,differ. Let National Reformers explain the cause. A. DELOS WEsco'rr. The Amended Sunday Bill. WE have already, in two separate issues of the SENTINEL, printed and commented upon :the Blair Sunday Rest Bill; but certain changeS have been made in it of late, and in 'order that our readers may keep informed as to the spirit of Sunday legislation, we once Ł more print the bill, together with the amended fOrtn. First, we print the bill as it is, and second, the bill'with the changes desired by the "American Sabbath Union," followed by the reasons for the changes, and our coin, Merits thereon. The "Special Committee" spoken of in the title of the report consisted Of 'Col. Elliot F. Shepard, Bishop lIurst, Dr. Sunderland,'Dr. Ruskin, Dr. Knowles, Dr. El-liott, and others, with Mrs. J. Ellen Foster as legal adviser. The report is as follows :Š IMPORT Or SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON CHANGES DESIRED IN THE SUNDAY REST BILL. THE BILL AS IT IS. IN the Senate of 'the United States, May 21, 1888, Mr. Blair introduced the following bill, which ' was read twice and referred to the Committee on Education and Labor:- 50th Congress, 1st Session,S. 2983. A Bill to Secure to the Pople the Enjoyment of the First Day of the Week Commonly known as the Lord's Day, as a Day of Rest, and, to Promote its Obiervance as a Day of Religious Worship. Be iOnacted by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-bled, That no person or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employe of any person or corporation, shall perform .or authorize to be performed any secular work, labor, or business to the disturbance of others, works of necessity, mercy, and humanity excepted; nor shall any person engage in any play, game, or amusement, or recreation to the disturb-ance of others on the first day of the week, com-monly known as the Lord's day, or during any part thereof, in any Territory, district, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States; nor shall it be lawful for any person or cor-poration to receive pay for labor or service performed :or rendered in violation of this section. SECTION 2 That no mails or mail matter shall liereafter be transported in time of peace over any -land postal ronte, nor shall any mail matter be col-lected, assorted, handled, or delivered during any part of the first day of the week: Provided, That whenever any letter shall relate to work of neces-sity or mercy, or shall concern the health, life, or decease of any person, and the fact shall be plainly .stated upon the face of the envelope containing the Seme, the Postmaster-General shall provide for the transportation of such letter or letters in packages Separate from lother mail matter, and shall make  regulations for the delivery thereof, the same having been received at its place of destination before the said first day of the week, during such limited por- tion of the day as shall best suit the public conven-ience and least interfere with the due observance of the day as one of worship and rest: And provided further, That when there shall have been an inter-ruption in the due and regular transmission of the mails it shall be lawful to so far examine the same when delivered as to ascertain if there be such mat-ter therein for lawful 'delivery on the first day of the week. SEC. 3. That the prosecution of commerce be-tween the States and with the Indian tribes,, the same not being work of necessity, mercy, nor humanity, by the transportation of persons or prop-erty by land or water in such way as to interfere with or disturb the people in the enjoyment of the first day of the week, or any portion thereof, as a day of rest from labor, the same not being labor of necessity, mercy, or humanity, or its observance as a day of religious worship, is hereby prohibited, and any person or corporation, or the agent or employe of any person or corporation, who shall willfully violate this section shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten nor more than one thousand dol-lars, and no service performed in the prosecution of such prohibited commerce shall be lawful, nor shall any compensation be recoverable or be paid for the same. SEC. 4. That all military and naval drills, musters, and parades, not' in time of active service or im-mediate preparation therefor, of soldiers, sailors, marines, or cadets of the United States, on the first day of the week, except assemblies for the due and orderly observance of religious worship, are hereby prohibited, nor shall any unnecessary labor be per-formed or permitted in the military or naval service of the United States on the Lord's day. Sac. 5. That it shall be unlawful to pay or to re-ceive payment or wages in any manner for service rendered, or for labor performed, or for the trans-portation of persons or of property in violation of the provisions of this act, nor sha'l any action lie for the recovery thereof, and when so paid, whether in advance or otherwise, the same may be, recovered back by whoever shall first sue for the same. SEC. 6. That labor or service performed and ren-dered on the first day of the week in consequence of accident, disaster, or unavoidable delays in making the regular connections upon postal-routes and routes of travel and transportation, the preservation of per-ishable and exposed' property, and the regular and necessary transportation and delivery of articles of food in condition for healthy use, and such transpor-tation for short distances from one State, district, or Territory into another State, district, or Territory as by local laws shall be declared to be necessary for the public good, shall not be deemed violations of this act, but the same shall be construed, so far as possi-ble, to secure to the whole people rest'from toil dur-ing the first day of the week, their mental and moral'  culture, and the religious observance of the Sabbath day. THE BILL WITH CHANGES DESIRED BY THE AYIERICAN SABBATH UNION. (Changes indicated by full-face letters and stars.) Unanimously adopted December 12, 1888. A Bill to Secure to the People the enjoyment of the Lord's Day, commonly known as Sun-day, as a Day of Rest, and to Protect its Observ-ance as a Day of' Religious Worship. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-bled, That on Sunday, no person or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employe of any person or cor-poration, shall perform, or authorize to be performed, any secular work, labor, or business * * * works of necessity, mercy, and humanity excepted ; nor shall any person engage in any play, game, show, exhibition, or amusement * * * open to the public, or of a public character, in any Terri-tory, district, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States ; nor shall it be law-ful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or service performed or rendered in violation of this section. SEC. 2. That no mails or mail matter shall here-after be transported in time of peace over any land postal route, nor shall any mail matter be collected, assorted, handled, or delivered during any part of Sunday. SEC. 3. That the prosecution of commerce be-tween the States and with the Indian tribes, * * * by.  the transportation of persons or property by land or * * * on the first day of the week * * * is hereby prohibited, and any person or corporation, or the agent or employe of any person or corpora-tion, who shall * violate this section shall be pun-ished by a fine of not less than ten nor more than one thousand dollars, and no service performed in the prosecution of such prohibited commerce shall be lawful, nor shall any compensation be recoverable, or be paid for the same. SEC. 6. That labor or service performed and ren-dered on Sunday in consequence of accident or disaster, or unavoidable delays in making the regular connections upon postal routes and routes of travel and transportation, the * * * transportation and delivery of milk before 5 A. m. and after 10 P. * * * shall not be deemed violations of this act, but-the same shall be construed, so far as possible, to secure to the whole people rest from toil during Sun-day, their mental and moral culture, and the pro-tection of the religious observance of the * day. The reasons for the changes asked are, in part, as follows:Š For religious purposes we prefer the name Lord's day or Christian Sabbath, but as Sunday is already used in National laws, we think it better to use that uniformly in this bill, with the one exception of the double name in the title. The word "promote" in the title goes beyond what many, even your Christian citizens, believe to be the proper function of Government with reference to "religious worship," while the word " protect " (see also last line) expresses a duty which Government owes to all legitimate institutions of the people. Experience' in the courts has shown that the words "show, exhibition," should be added to the list of prohibited Sunday amusements, and the words "in public," in place of "to the disturbance of oth- ers," as the latter clause has been construed as re-quiring that persons living in the neighborhood of a Sunday game or show must testify that they have been disturbed, in order to a conviction, which can-not be done in some cases without personal peril. In Section 2, we believe that the exceptions for letters relating to sickness, etc., are unnecessary in this age of the telegraph; and that they would be used by unscrupulous men in business correspond- ence, and that this would destroy most of the bene-fits of the law in its bearing on Sunday mails. In Section' 3, we believe the exceptions made would greatly interfere with the administration of the law. The exception for work of mercy and ne-cessity is made, once for all, in the first section. The reference to "the disturbance of others" is objec-tionable for reasons already given, and the word "willfully" is an old offender in Sabbath legislation, and requires evidence very hard to get in regard to one's motive and knowledge of the law. In other laws it is assumed that one knows the law, and the law-making power should see that the laws are well published, and leave no room for one to escape by agnosticism. In Section 5 (as in section 1 also), we would omit " Lord's day," and in Section 6, " Sabbath," in order to preserve uniformity in using the less religious term, Sunday. In Section 6, we think refrigerator cars make Sun-day work in transportation of perishable food, ex-' cept milk, unnecessary, and the new stock cars, with provision for food and water, do the same for stock trains. So many of the State Sunday laws have proved almost useless in protecting the rights of the people to Sunday rest and undisturbed wor-ship, by the smallness of their penalties and the largeness of their exceptions, that we covet from Congress a law that shall make itself effective by small exceptions and large penalties. Ł With a little care in comparison, the reader can readily see what changes have been made in the bill. We have omitted sections 4 and 5 from the revised bill, because they are the same as the corresponding sections in the original bill, with the single exception of Sunday " being substituted for " Lord's day," in last line of section 4. We hope that every-one will study both bills thoroughly, together with the committee's reasons for the changes.'  Anyone can see that the changes are in the line of greater stringency. We, note only the most prominent points. 1. The change from " Lord's day" to Sun-day, although a proper one, is in reality no change at all, since the term "Lord's day" 