620 AMERICAN SENTINEL. dent of the organizing committee is Senator Berenger, and among the members of the committee are represen-tatives from both Catholic and Protestant clergy, as well as members of Parliament, econo mists and statists, and delegates from the various chambers of commerce, manufacturers' unions, and railway companies. The congress will be open to all who are interested in its pro-gramme. The fee for membership has been fixed at ten francs. Only active members and delegates will have the right to take part in the sessions. "The language of the congress will be French, al-though papers may be communicated in other lang-uages, always provided that a summary is presented in French. Two sessions will be held daily, at nine and at three o'clock. The discussions will be limited to the matter stated in the programme, and speakers will not be given the floor for more than a quarter of an hour, nor will they be allowed to speak twice in the same ses-sion on the same subject, unless the Assembly should decide otherwise. The secretary of the congress is M. Bompard, 28 Rue d'Assas, Paris, France." "Expansion" a Moral and Legal Wrong. "Springfield Republican." IT may seem very convincing for the President and the American organs of imperialism to dismiss the entire question with the assertion that the Filipinos in arms represent a minority, yet let them compare the rights of that so-called minority with their own. The alleged minority at least is part of the country. It talks the language of the native population, was born and reared there. On the other hand, not even General Otis can speak the native language, not to mention minor dialects. Not one of the would-be American rulers and "assimilators," from Mr. McKinley and Lyman Abbot down, was born there; while Mr. Mc-Kinley himself and the vast majority of his followers were never within six thousand miles of Manila. Whose right to political leadership in a country is the better and sounder, that of a minority of the native popula-tion, which embraces the best blood of the civilized people, or that of an utterly alien race whose habitat is on the other side of the earth? Neither President Mc-Kinley nor the American nation is a majority of the Filipino people. Against alien pretensions the Filipinos in arms have infinitely stronger moral claims to leader. ship. "But the Islands are ours; we have bought and paid for them,"Šsuch is the final position the adminis-tration takes. Said the president at Pittsburg: "Peace brought us the Philippines by treaty cession from Spain. The Senate of the United States ratified the treaty. . . . It became our territory, and is ours as much as the Louisiana purchase, or Texas, or Alaska." The flimsiness of this claim will be seen from an exam-ination of the facts. The President did not base his claim to the Philippines on the right of conquest, for in  the prOtocol with Spain he retained only the city of Manila under American jurisdiction pending the conclu-sion of the treaty of Paris. Our navy and army had conquered nothing more than the city and the harbor, and no principle of international law makes a complete conquest of a country out of the capture of a single city, even if it be the seat of government. When ex-Senator Manderson, in a recent address, claimed that the Filipinos owe allegiance to the United States because the "inhabitants of conquered territory change their allegiance," he assumed a conquest that never took place. Even Spain refused to admit that the Americans had conquered the archipelago, outside Manila, and only after a long diplomatic contest let go her claim to her so-called sovereignty on a payment of $20,000,000, which amounted to a sale. What we bought from Spain, however, was worthless. If international law permits the transfer of millions of people from one government to another, in spite of the strenuous diplomatic protest of that people, and then brands them as rebels when they offer armed re-sistance to a sale of their country without their con-sentŠthen international law harbors a great moral iniquity. Fancy England selling Canada to Germany for $2,000,000,000! Would the Canadians be "rebels" if they repudiated the sale and set up their own gov-ernment? But Spain's sale of the Philippines was worth-less for other reasons. The native government under Aguinaldo had already destroyed her sovereignty long before the Paris treaty was ratified. Spain sold -some-thing shedid not rightfullypossess. Her rule had become extinct, and in its place there had come into existence a new government, organized with administrative de-partments, with an army, with sea-ports, and enforcing law and order. The powers,,,pad not recognized it, yet it was entitled to recognition a hundred fold more than that government of Cuba whose recognition the foreign relations committee of the United States Senate had unanimously recommended in the winter of 1896-7. That in the presence of this new government Spain's power had become extinct had more than one demon-stration before the Paris treaty was made and ratified. The native government had taken as prisoners of war thousands of the Spanish army, and a Spanish general, in our very faces, had peacefully surrendered to it the city of Iloilo in the island of Panay. These facts showed that Spain had no right to sell a sovereignty over the Filipinos to which they denied an existence, and which, in reality, as they claimed, now rested in themselves. Machine Religion. THE trouble about the Church of England religion, the Roman Catholic religion, the Mohammedan religion, and others, is, that they are machine-system religions, soulless, sordid, formal. Such religious systems are 