AMERICAN SENTINEL. 27T ened by the opposition of men, or even by their failure to give him their "support." At the very beginning of the world, God set apart the seventh day of the week to be the SabbathŠhis Sabbath, made for manŠand from that day to this the seventh-day Sabbath has continued in the earth, and has a re-spectable number of adherents to-day, although no hu-man law was ever enacted in its support, and many have been enacted against it. The God to whom the Sabbath belongs is one in whom we can safely trust, without any anxiety as to the attitude of worldly governments. The Lord let Satan remove all the fence there was around Job, but he pre-served Job just the same. There is no need that his Sab-bath should be fenced about with the straw of human statutes. Items of W, C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. OUR evangelistic work revealed to us what a hard Jericho road a man must travel before he could come up out of the place into which strong drink had plunged him and know what manhood meant, and as we contemplated the situation it seemed well nigh hopeless. We could not comprehend the logic of the liquor traffic and the laws that protected it. We found strange utterances in the statutes of men. In reading the city law aloud to our Union one day (for we had determined to try to find what we had a right to expect from the government under which we lived, and by what right the saloon continued its depredations) I came to this clause: "As many saloons may be licensed as the public good requires." We thought this must contain typographical error some-where, and appointed one of our number, the wife of a lawyer, to obtain the correct wording of this clause and report the next day. When the time came, and she arose to make her report, she began by saying, "I have some strange things to tell you, ladies, and before I begin I want to say that my husband is a good man, a good Christian man, yet I know you won't agree with what he says; I don't myself. I don't see how he can look at this awful business as he does, but he don't as a man; it is only as a lawyer that he said the things I have to report; and for my,  part, I don't see, and I told him so too, how as a lawyer he can look at things one way, and as a man so entirely different. I always thought men were very different from women for some strange reason, and these days we are all finding it to be true." Then she went on to give us some points regarding the manner in which the licensing of a saloon might be supposed to conserve the public good. We could but recognize at sight the reasons which she unfolded to us as a part of that "wisdom of this world which is foolishness with God." A few days later I went to this same lawyer to talk  the matter over with him so that I might be sure of the. position of our enemy, when, in reply to a little straight logic, he remarked with a laugh, "You women have a way of looking into things farther than the law allows;" and with this gave me very clearly to understand that he had no more time to give, to the discussion, especially as he did not make, but only expounded the law, with which we had to deal. We did not then know how to appreciate the position of such men, and were often lacking in the charity that thinketh no evil. We had been so outraged in our life-long understanding of things, had come face to face with such death-dealing inconsistencies between the teachings and the practice of men, that in our bewilderment we were almost constrained to say thai "all men were liars,' and to wish that our boys were all girls. Through all these experiences we were being led up to-the strategic point in our warfare. To make clear how it was finally discovered I must draw again from personal experience. One day after all this pledging, petitioning, and pub-lic discussion had been going on for weeks, I was passing along the street when a lawyer, who was also a member of the city council, hailed me from his office door, aŁnd asked me if I would step in for a moment. I did so. He gave me his own arm chair, and standing before me ex-plained that the work of the women had been under dis-cussion by some of the men whom he represented, and he had been asked to see me, and say a few things, which he. wished I would pass on to the others. "For," he said, "you women do not realize what you are doing; do you know that you are turning the country upside down?" (The poor man did not realize how apt was his re-mark, inasmuch as the country was at best wrong sideŁ up.) "Just think of it," he went on warmly, "meetingsŁ  every day, sometimes at night, and such throngs; women everywhere in public, speaking and making such a com-motion; some of us have talked it over, and we have con-cluded that it must stop." He paused and looked at me for a reply. "I wish it might stop," I said, "we all do; we haveŁ got pretty tired, some of us, and would like to go back home and stay there quietly, and will do it quickly if you men will just do one thing." "You mean close up the saloons," he said, angrily. "No, I don't, this time; we have found out that you won't do that; I, for one, have no more heart to ask you." "What, then, do you want? We will do anything in reasons" he said, eagerly. "Just this : invent some way to run the saloon busi-ness by machinery; you can get machinery to do every-thing else. Get an automaton and put it behind the saloon bar; a long procession of automata to file along the streets (we women will give them the pavement and walk in the gutters) and in at the saloon door so con-structed as to throw down the nickels and dimes, while 