112 .A111 c_A\ VoL. 8, No. 14. NEW YORK, Arum 6, 1893. Or ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. W. A. COLCORD, who has just been con-ducting an institute for instruction upon the relations of civil government and re-ligion in Denver, Colo., with an attend-ance of from two hundred to two hundred and fifty students, will, during the first weeks in April, give similar instruction at Fremont, Neb. THE question of Sunday labor has again been brought into prominence in Toronto, Canada, by the decision of a magistrate fining a driver, employed by a livery-man, for driving through the streets on Sunday. It would seem that in Toronto, all who do not own their carriages must. walk on Sunday. COL. ELLIOTT F. SHEPARD, President, of the American Sabbath Union, and h. editor of the Mail and Express, died at his home, in this city, on the afternoon of Friday, March 24. His death was entirely unexpected, resulting from the adminis-tration of ether preparatory to performing the operation of lithotomy. OUR friends are requested not to send us newspaper clippings without giving full information concerning themŠname and date of the paper, and whether edi-torial or contributed matter. Clippings without this information are of no value to us. As a general rule a marked paper is preferred to a clipping. THE Florida Recorder published at Or-lando, Fla., contains, in its issue of March 21, an account of the assault upon Eld. L. H. Crisler, the Seventh-day Adventist minister, at Grand Island, in that State, on March 18. It seems that the attack was made upon Mr. Crisler in the vil-lage post-office in the presence of six or eight men. The man who attacked him was under the influence of liquor at the time but showed by his language that he was acting under the instigation of others. It was a case of aggravated assault. Mr. Crisler's assailant first ordered him, with many oaths and curses and threats of the use of the shotgun, to leave the place; then when Mr. Crisler turned away to get his mail at the post-office window he was felled by a blow on the head with a hammer and kicked while down. In response to his appeal for help one of those present disarmed his assailant. With the blood spurting from the wound made in his head by the blow from the  hammer Mr. Crisler started away but was followed and knocked down by a second blow, his assailant was then drawn away by the crowd that had watched the attack. The injury done to Mr. Crisler, though serious, does not prove to be dangerous ; this his many friends throughout the country, to whom his personal qualities have endeared him, will be pleased to learn. The following personal paragraph is from the account of the affair in the Florida Recorder:Š Mr. Crisler is an elder of the Christian denomin-ation which teaches that Saturday is the Sabbath. He is a very bright, intelligent man, full of enthu-siasm for his work and an earnest convincing speaker. He is well known in this city where he has made his head-quarters for several years with his wife and family, most estimable people. The attack was the outcome of this White Cap notice previously given Mr. Crisler : We the organized White Caps, of Grand Island, hereby notify the Rev. Mr. Crisler to leave this place by next Monday morning or stand the conse-quences which shall surely follow. Take heed lest ye be caught! From the persecution in Tennessee un-der cover of the law to this White Cap outrage in. Florida is but one step. Is this to be the development of the Chris-tianity of this Christian Nation ? A RECENT cable despatch to the World gives the interesting bit of information that " New-fashioned Sunday people, with ideas of their own on short sermons, have to thank the young German Emperor for siding with them. He has taken a strong personal interest in the management of Church affairs, and by an imperial an-nouncement has decided how long ser-mons should last. Of late ministers have been preaching only about fifteen minutes, but the Emperor declared that even this was too long, and ordered that at the in-auguration of Nazareth Church, which was made a solemn ceremonial event, the sermon should not last more than six minutes. So hereafter six-minute ser-mons will be the rule." Is there not in this a valuable hint for the United States ? Now that Congress has entered upon a career of religious legislation, and interested itself in reli-gious matters to the extent of champion-ing the Sunday cause, might it not with equal propriety prescribe the length of sermons in this country ? Certainly it would not be difficult to find a " civil" basis for something of this kind, or at least to discover somewhere in the colonial charters precedent for it. Surely the length of sermons might be limited as a sanitary measure or police regulation. Sitting too long in church might possibly be shown to cause spinal disease, while sleeping in public as one is apt to do under a long sermon is indelicate, and so sub-versive of good morals. Clearly the Ger-man Emperor has done only his duty to his people, and Congress ought not to long hesitate to follow his example. Now  that the United States has undertaken to ape the Church and State countries of the Old World in the regulation of religious matters let there be no hanging back or shirking, --Congress should do its duty fear-lessly, and let no preacher guilty of long sermons escape. THE sanctity of that New Jersey camp-meeting village by the sea, Ocean Grove, is gradually encroaching on its worldly watering place neighbor, Asbury Park. The Common Council of Asbury Park, in consideration of the claim that the selling of Sunday newspapers in Asbury Park disturbs the Ocean Grove camp-meeting, some fifteen hundred or two thousand feet away, has decreed that no newspapers shall be sold on Sunday within one block of the bridges connecting the worldly vil-lage from its sanctified neighbor. Ocean Grove will yet have to put a Sunday em-bargo upon all within its limits, shut its gates and raise its drawbridges, to protect its denizens from the contamination of Sunday desecration. THE Oregonian says: "It is useless to continue, as many clergymen do, the protest against the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday, for the great body of the people want it open on Sunday, and it will be opened on that day." We have no objection, but see no grounds for the opinion. The probabilities are strongly the other` way. Too many of those who wanted the Fair open on Sunday, or who, at least, did not want it closed by act of Congress, pooh-poohed the idea that Con-gress could be induced to legislate con-cerning a religious institution; and not until it was too late did they awake to the real issue. A year ago their protests might have been heard and heeded, but now the case is different; the law is upon the statute books and Congress is not in session, and so could not repeal it if it would. WE have received some inquiry relative to how to obtain a report of the hearing by the House Committee on the Colum-bian Exposition, held in Washington January 10-13. Our answer is, send fif-teen cents to this office for " The Captiv-ity of the Republic," No. 6 of the " Reli-gious Liberty Library." This publication contains 110 pages and gives not only a complete account of the hearing but much more that is of interest relative to Sunday legislation by Congress and that which led up to it. It contains much matter not published in any other form. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Mingle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one add,ress, Per,year, - 90c 4t 25 to 99 " " 100 to 249 " " " Si 250 to 499 " " " 500 to 999 " 1000 or more " " - - - 60c.  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings: Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City, - - 75c - - - 70c' - 65c' 