Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state Or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JANUARY 23, 1890. NUMBER' 4. The American Sentinel, PUB; ISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, NO 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK EDITORS, B, J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. IN his late speech in New York City, Mr. Crafts said :Š Iterinont is the only State in which the Woman's Christia,n Temperande Union has not a Sabbath Ob- - servance Superintendent; the reason being that whatever may be the wrongs in 'Vermont, Sabbath breaking is not ono of them. , Yes, indeed, the American Sabbath Union, and the Woman's Christian Tera, perance Union can boast of Vermont. Vermont is directly in their line of things. The Sunday laws Łof Vermont aro exactly after their own hearta; for we have it upon the authority of Mr. Crafts himself that the Vermont Sunday laws require people to go to church and to religiously observe the day. THE Christian Nation says :Š God, 'who is the source of all authority, has ap-pointed our Lord Jesus Christ the Euler of nations. The Bible, God's revealed will, contains law for nations, and is the standard by which Ł all moral issues in political life are to be decided. , National acknowledgement of this authority, and obedience to this law, constitute a truly Christian nation. It is an easy matter to .say that this is se, but it would be difficult to prove it by any statement of the Scriptures themselves. God has promised the world to Christ, but it has not yet been given into his hands ; nor will it be till the time comes for the de-struction of all earthly powers. This is clearly, indicated in the second Psalm. Chest -himself said that his kingdom is not of this world, and has likened himself to a nobleman going into a far country to roceive, for himself a kingdom and to re-turn.. And it is at the time of his return that he will take the kingdom. But some of his professed followers not content to wait for his: return are officiously trying to fo,rce the kingdom. upon hina in his ab- sence, with the evident purpose of setting themselves up as his representatives, to administer the.  goVernment in his stead. It is this usurpation of power which we' oppOse. Christ liaS his representatives in the 'world, bill the only authority ever given. to them is found, in Mark 16: 15 and parallel texts. Working under this com-mission the apostles besought men to be reconciled to Gad, and that is all anybody hag' any right to do. To adopt the Bible as the law for the government of the Na-tiOn Waufd_ simply be to provide that the majority should dictate to the minority in all things pertaining to religious faith and practice. The Breekinridge Sunday Bill. HERE is a copy of the Breckinridge Sunday Bill for the District of Columbia, which was introduced-  in the 'House of RepresentatiVes, January 6, 1890:Š A Bill TO PREVENT PERSONS FROM BEING FORCED TO LABOR ON SUNDAY. Be it enacted by tie Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the. United States of America in Con-gress assembled, That it shall be unlawful for any person or corporation, or employee of any person or corporation in the District of Columbia,, to perform any secular labor or business, or to cause the same to be performed by any person in their employment on Sunday, except works of necessity or mercy ; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or services performed or rendered in violation of tins act. Any person or corporatIon, or employee of any person or corporation in the District of Columbia, who shall violate the provisions of this act, shall, upon conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than one hundred dollars for every such offense: Provided, however, That the provisions of this act shall not be construed to apply to any person or persons who conscieni iously believe in and ob-serve any other day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest. From the title of this bill it seems that there is enforced labor being carried on in the District 'of Columbia. It seems that -there is involuntary service being required of people there : because it says that this is "a bill to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday." If it be tvue  that there is in the District of Columbia any forced labor, any involuntary service required on Sunday or any other day,, everybody so oppressed, has an ample refuge already supplied. Article XIII of Amendments 'to the Constitution of the United States declares that "Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime, whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction." Now the District of Columbia is exclusively within the juris-diction of the United States ; therefore, if there is any forced labor or involuntary service anywhere in the District of Colum-bia, on Sunday or any other day, all that is necessary for any to do who are so op-pressed, is to present their plea, under this article, to any- court there and the whole power of the United States Government will be exerted, if necessary, to release them from such forced labor or involuntary servitude. There is no such thing going on, however, in the District of Columbia; consequently there is no opportunity for any appeal to the United States under the provisions of this article of the Constitu-tion. The truth is, that the title to this bill, like that to the national bill by Senator Blair, is a misleading thing. It appears very innocent, and it would be innocent if it were true that anybody was being forced to labor on Sunday. But no such thing exists in the District of Columbia nor any-where else in'the United States. Nor does the bill in fact contemplate any such thing, nor is it in fact a remedy for any such offense. Because the body of the bill, which is supposed to express how the ob-ject, as defined in the title, shall be carried into effect, not only prohibits everybody from causing work to be performed ,on. Sunday, but it also prohibits everybody from doing even voluntarily any work on Sunday. The body of the bill prohibits the people of the District of Columbia. from voluntarily laboring on Sunday, white the 