AMERICAN SENTINEL. 659 in order to have the will of their church combination carried into effect by the national government. The Mormon propositionis to make in Utah a State religion: the proposition of these other church combina-tions is to make a national religion. They are alike in principle, but the latter is as much worse in practice as the nation is greater than the State of Utah. Yes, that Mormon proposition does threaten a union of church and state, and as such it should be opposed. But the propositions of these professed Protestant churches and other religious combinations threaten pre-cisely the same thing. Let this be opposed also. And let this be watched the more closely and opposed the more strongly, as it means mischief on a larger scale than the other. Let there be no respect of persons nor churches in any "threatened union of church and state." The Workingman's Palladium. THE Independent (N. Y.), of October 14, makes this very truthful statement: "The fourth commandment is the workingman's palladium, his best defense against op-pression, and was so intended from the first." The fourth commandment was designed to keep man in constant touch with the Author of liberty. Whoever will keep the fourth commandment will know freedom in its highest sense. The fourth commandment is not only a command to every individual to rest on the Sabbath day, but it is the guaranty of the highest power in the universe that every person shall enjoy the privilege who will take it. For does the God of heaven command any person to do that which be is not fully able to do? All that is necessary is for the workingman to have confidence in God. God offers to all men absolute free-dom and independence; in other words, a noble, upright manhood, which never need bow its head in servility and cringing fear. "God made man upright," is the declara-tion of the Scriptures of truth. God made man to be up-right, and not the less so in this age of the world than in any other. All the bossism and the servility which char-acterize the relations of man to his fellow man in this day, are not of God's ordering, but are directly contrary to it. God has not made the privilege of Sabbath rest con-tingent, for a single one of his creatures, upon the lofty condescension of some other man in giving him permis-sion to enjoy that rest; or upon the happen-so of some other man's choosing to keep the Sabbath himself. It is the duty of employers to throw no obstacle in the way of their employes as regards the keeping of the Sabbath, as is said in-Deuteronomy, "That thy man servant and thy maid servant may rest as well as thou." But this state-ment is not a declaration that men servants and maid servants cannot have a Sabbath rest if their employers do not see fit to rest themselves or to grant them the permission. In Christ, there is no distinction of master and serv-ant, but all are free and on a perfect equality; and the duty and privilege of one, in respect to Sabbath observ-ance, do not vary one whit from those of another. Let the workingman, and every other man who has them not, accept the freedom and manhood that are in Christ. They are worth more to him than anything else. Religion Is for the Individual. BY GEN. WM. BIRNEY. RELIGION concerns the relations of the individual , man to the Supreme Being. It is a personal matter be-tween a soul and its Creator. It has nothing to do with bodies of men. A corporation, whether secular, or eccle-siastical, or civil, cannot be religious, although every one of its members may be; for it has no soul or conscience. The directors of the Standard Oil Company may all be pious men; but that does not make the oil religious or its sale a pious act. The president, his cabinet, and the jus-tices of the Supreme Court might each and all be Moham-medans, but that fact would not make our republic Mos-lem. They might be Unitarians or Mormon's, and our Constitution would undergo no change. A church cor-poration, as such, cannot believe in any doctrine or be held corporately responsible for sins; the individual members must answer, each for himself. So, religious belief cannot be predicated of any State or nation. Gov-ernments have neither feelings, nor sentiments, nor opin-ions; to them devils, angels, and ghosts are equally indifferent; the United States will have, as a corporation, no account to render at the judgment. It cannot, from its very nature, be either Christian or Mohammedan. Religion not only concerns the individual, but deals with his spiritual nature. For this world, it seeks to purify and elevate his personal character; it appeals to his conscience, emotions, affections, and motives. Its methods are persuasive; it aims at moral and intellectual conviction, which cannot be accomplished by force. Vio-lence does not command belief. A man may be con-strained to say that the sun does not shine in the heav-ens, but he does not believe what he says. Galileo was compelled to recant his teaching that the earth moves; but he struck his staff on the earth and exclaimed, "It still moves." Religion has never gained anything by legislative penalties. Its natural weapon is love. Perse-cution in the name of religion may make hypocrites and martyrs; it cannot make converts. The sanctions of religion are moral; its rewards and punishments germinate in this world and ripen beyond the grave. Its punishments are for wrong feelings of the heart, for sins; if a man lust after a woman, or covet his neighbor's property, or hate him, he is amenable to the divine law, though his sinful feeling may not find expres-sion in acts. He may have violated no penal statute, and may have enjoyed the esteem of his fellow men during 