AMERICAN SENTINEL. 531 glory. (2) "Pull"Šthe all-essential thing in politics. Jesus had always been so considerate of womankind, that surely .61.e request would be more likely to be granted if made by their mother. (3) HypocrisyŠthey came "worshiping him," not in sincerity, but to further, as they thought,, the chances of success for their selfish scheme. (4) Office-seeking, not as a reward of merit, but as a favor. ,This was the spirit of politics, through and through. And Jesus then and there put a rebuke upon it, which should begood for all time with those who profess to be guided by his example. "And when the ten heard it, they were moved with indignation against the two brethren." Verse 24. Thus they shoived that they were of the same spirit; for instead of pitying the two disciples for their blind-ness, as they would have done had their own eyes been opened, they were angry with James and John for en-deavoring to get honors they coveted for themselves. The Saviour endeavored to enlighten them and lead them out of the great delusion in which they had become entangled. He set before them the contrast between the spirit that was actuating them and the spirit that must prevail among his followers; and it would be well if his professed followers to-day would keep in mind his plain instruction upon this point. He said to his disciples:Š "Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. "But it shall not be so among you; but whosoever will be great among you, let him be your minister; "And whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your servant: "Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto,-but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many." Verses 25-28. This is the spirit of Christ, the spirit of self-denial; the spirit not of serving self, but of serving others. And that is the spirit of God; for God seeks not to serve him-self, but to minister to all his creatures; to preserve them in life, to surround them with that which will con-duce to their happiness and welfare. God's infinite power flows out from him to all the universe, to give light, and life, and love, and happiness to the myriads of his creatures. Imagine for a moment the infinite One withdrawing his power from the universe, and turning it inward upon himself, to exalt and serve himself. That very moment the universe would collapse, and only ruin and death would be the result. Yet in that God would be doing only what men are constantly doing in this world, under the control of the spirit of self-exaltation, the spirit of politics. But that spirit, that principle, is a principle of death and not of life. Self-denial and the service of others, is the spirit of God; and that spirit had always ruled in the universe from the beginning until Lucifer introduced its opposite in seeking to exalt himself. The spirit of Christ, therefore, the Christian spirit,  the spirit which should rule in the Christian Church, is the spirit which seeks to serve others, and never to serve self; to exalt and glorify the Creator and never the crea-ture. The opposite spirit is the spirit of sell-exaltation and self-supremacy, the spirit of politics, the spirit of the devil. The disciples, under the blinding influence of this de-ceptive spirit, failed to discern the most important truths of the teachings of Him whom they called their Lord and Master; they were led off into error and delu-sion, and entirely failed of the preparation they so much needed for the crisis before them. They came up to that crisis wholly unprepared; and when their Master spent hours of agony in Gethsemane, while they should have watched with Him,they slept. And when He was betrayed and delivered a prisoner into the hands of the Gentiles, they all "forsook him and fled." And Peter, a little later, denied Him with cursing. That was the result then of the deceptive spirit of politicsŠthe spirit of strife for the supremacy, with its accompanying conception of an earthly, political king-dom of GodŠin their minds. And if the end of all things had come then, that deception would have involved them in final, eternal ruin. And it is because the like deception will bring just this result upon its victims in the generation when the end does come, that the study of this subject is of tremendous importance to-day. Precedents That May be "Catching." THE Filipinos fought Spain for years to be freed from foreign control, and to have a government of their own. They had their purpose almost accomplished, when the United States, by the victories of Manila and Santiago, relieved them of any further opposition from Spain. But the United States did not stop with thatŠshe actually took the place of Spain; and now the Filipinos are fighting the United States for the same reasons and for the same things that they fought Spain. And a real substantial question is now, Will not the Filipinos fight the United States as long as they fought Spain? It may be said that they can't fight the United States as long as they fought Spain; because the United States is stronger than Spain was, and fights harder.  than Spain could. This may be true in substance; but will they not fight the United States, if not actually as long as they fought Spain, yet as long as the predomi-nance of strength and ability of the United States over Spain will allow? The United States began with thirty thousand troops, and conducted one campaign. She proposes now to take sixty-two thousand and make another campaign. Will she win wit* sixty-two thou-sand and in only a second campaign? Spain, with many more than sixty-two thousand men in the Philippines 