120 A SUNTrr INT1H:41L. VOL. 8, No. 15. NEW YORK, APRIL 13, 1893. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Sunday closing movement has evi-dently captured New Orleans. The Mail and Express publishes this editorial item: There seems to be a tidal wave of moral reform sweeping over the entire country. A movement for the suppression of gambling and the enforce-ment of the law for the preservation of the Sab-bath has been inaugurated in New Orleans. The citizens of that too long vice-cursed city appear to be in earnest in this matter. An association en-titled the Sunday Closing and Anti-Gambling League, consisting of 450 of the most reputable citizens, have collected about $30,000 for the pur-pose of prosecuting gamblers and for the mainte-nance of the Sabbath law. It is to be hoped that this tidal wave will increase in volume until the whole country is inundated by this moral reform movement. It is this fusion of Sunday closing with proper reformatory measures, which has enabled it to obtain control of the popular mind, outside of the comparatively small element which blindly believes that Sun-day observance should be civilly enforced, because it is thought to be in conformity with the law of God. THE agitation for the enforcement of Sunday laws has reached Rochester in this State. Rev. Ferdinand L. Anderson, of that city, took advantage of the week of prayer for Sunday observance to preach to an audience of two thousand people on the "Enforcement of the law in Rochester,',  the law being the Sunday law. Notice has been given in the newspapers of Roch-ester that the law will be enforced. What a parody on proper civil procedure, if criminal proceedings are in progress to give due newspaper notice that they must be suspended, for on a given day investi-gation will be made. That such a thing should be soberly done is enough to brand with the mark of everlasting ridicule the law under which such a course is thought fit. Ł THE Carroll Institute, a Catholic club of Washington, D. C., has lately built and moved into a fine new club-house, with all the luxuries, conveniences, and useful adjuncts of library, gymnasium, billiard room, bowling alley, etc. Now comes a faction which wishes these priv-ileges of the club-house closed to the mem-bers on Sunday. This club numbers nearly six hundred men of the Catholic Church, and is a notable assistant to the church, Georgetown College, and the Catholic University. The question has been referred to Cardinal Gibbons and the Presidents of Georgetown and the  Catholic Universities before presenting it for a vote of the club. There is an in-tense interest in the matter among the members. The students of Georgetown College are in the habit of indulging in out-door games on Sunday' with the ap-proval of their superiors, and Bishop Keane, of the Catholic University, is re-ported to have said that the only question was one of good policy, in view of the sen-timent of a part of the people in the mat-ter. It remains to be seen now in this exigency how an authoritative Roman Catholic position on the question of "Sun-day observance" is to be avoided. IN the International Sunday school les-son for March 5, on " Keeping the Sab-bath," as published in the New York Ex-aminer, the writer says: "Christians, as a rule, observe another day for rest than the Jews did. For this change there is no direct specific statement in the New Testa-ment. Sunday is here and has to be ac-counted for." This is done in these words: Some have traced to Constantine's edict the change in day. But all who are students know Constantine's character. He was ever politic rather than positive. And the early Christians were not easily turned from principle. Persecu-tions had been prevalent and men had died for their faith. The reasonable view is that Constan-tine tried to unite the Christian worship on Sunday with the heathen worship on the same day. He was not the man to revolutionize. If we had no other historical proof of the observance of Sunday before his day his edict would show its existence in its spirit of adopting existing customs. . . . Christmas and Sunday have a common basis. Why should they not have a similar observance ? Enforced Sunday observance is very properly deprecated; he says, "Law can not enforce observance. It can and ought to protect observers." But this acknowledgment of the deri-vation and claims of Sunday to sacredness is a just one. They are all based on the desire of Constantine, and those like him still earlier, to adapt their observance to the popular heathen custom which was practiced around them. The parallel as to Christmas is correct. Both are the con-tinuation of pagan holidays. Sunday is therefore not the Sabbath, and has no claim to be so-called or observed. CONGRESS refused to notice the flood of petitions from the labor organizations of the whole country in reference to the re-peal of the legislation closing the World's Fair on Sunday. So far as the superfi-cial showing of the petitions was con-cerned, as appeared in the Congressional Record, the contest was between the so-called orthodox churches on one side and the labor organizations on the other. Congress recognized the voice of the Church and bowed to it. No attention whatever was paid to the request of the organized workingmen. Their voice was ignored entirely. A remarkable result of this now appears in Chicago. The Cen-tral Labor Union, supported by a mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Fair, has decided that, in case the Fair is closed on Sunday, organized labor will work on.  Sunday that the six days of a week's labor may be filled, and take the Sabbath as a holiday in which to attend the Fair. This is poetic justice. Were it not upon too serious a subject for lightness and jest it would appeal irresistibly to the sense of humor of every one who comprehends the bearings of the subject. This proposi-tion of the labor union, that if the Fair is closed on Sunday they will secede in a body from allegiance to that day as a day of religious rest, and abstain from labor on the true Sabbath, excites almost fren-zied opposition from the Sunday-closing faction. A Chicago clergyman cries out, " If the Union is in earnest let them try it. Then we will see if there is any law in this country ! " This preacher should study two subjects to be presented at the Parliament of ReligionsŠ" Religion and Labor," and " Relations of religion to the chastening and perfecting of human na-ture,"Šin connection with this he might read with profit the address of Thomas Morgan, representative of organized labor, before the World's Fair Committee of the House of Representatives at the last hear-ing on the Sunday closing of the Fair. That $1.50 Watch. A FEW weeks ago, contrary to our usual custom, we admitted to the columns of the AMERICAN SENTINEL an advertisement for a firm in this city in which said firm offered a genuine American-made watch, warranted a good time-keeper, for the small sum of $1.50. No sooner had the advertisement appeared than we were severely taken to task by numerous read-ers for advertising what they termed " an evident fraud." But the watch is not a fraud, either evident or otherwise. It is a genuine time-keeper, well worth, in our judgment, the price asked for it. This watch is somewhat larger in size than a three-ounce Waltham, being one quarter of an inch broader and also a quarter of an inch thicker than a Waltham. It has an imitation gold case. How well it will hold its color we can not say, but inasmuch as an imitation gold collar button can be purchased for five cents that will wear for months, or even years, it is not unlikely that this watch will, with care, preserve its appearance indefinitely. These watches are too large to be really neat in appear-ance, but no one who desires a serviceable and fairly accurate time-keeper at a very low figure is likely to be disappointed if he gets one of them. The same watch in nickel case is for sale by jewelers in this city for $1.75. We regret that the harsh criticism of some of our readers has made this notice necessary. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Siingle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 25 to 99 " 5 to 24 copies to one address, per Near, - - 90c. 46 100 to 249 " " " " li .. 75c. 250 to 499  66 64 44 64 - - - 70c. 64 500 to 999 64 64 64 66 46 - - 650. 1000 or more " "  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5-  shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 