564 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the cross with sword and cannon, of "spiritual salva-tion" by carnal weapons and warfare. One of these days these fanatical religionists will find a politician willing to make capital of their thought-less enthusiasm, and then this country will behold in. speaking acting power in this nation the living image of the papacy of the fourth century and onward. A. T. J. The Government Will Treat With a "Dis- tinguished Foreigner." FROM the following press statement it is made clear how the Government, while bound by obligations im-posed both at home and abroad to give no official rec-ognition to the papacy, will disregard the spirit of this obligation while carefully adhering to the letter:Š "WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.ŠThe dispatch from Rome to the Journal this morning announcing that the pope would soon open negotiations with the United States Government, with a view to regulating the position of the Catholics in the Philippines, was read with much interest by officials of the State Department. "The pope has no diplomatic orpolitical status that is recognized by this Government, and anything that he may do will be considered as the work of 'a disting-uished foreigner,' laboring in behalf of a community which he may think needs his services. "Under the Constitution of the United States this Government could not receive a delegate from the pope clothed with powers to negotiate a treaty or do an act connected with affairs of state. Italy several years ago served notice on this Government that if the temporal power of the pope was recognized she would withdraw her diplomatic agents and sever all relations with the United States. "Archbishop Ireland, Cardinal Gibbons, or Arch-bishop Chappelle, who is looking after the interests of the Catholics in Porto Rico and Cuba, may present the views of the pope to the Government, and those views will be respectfully received and careful attention will be given them. If the communication contains anything that may guide or assist this Government in dealing with a troublesome question, the suggestions will be acted upon and the recommendations may be carried out. But in no event can these suggestions be accepted as negotiations. "If, says the State Department, as a distinguished individual, the pontiff of the Catholic Church can sug-gest a means through which the followers of Aguinaldo can be brought into submission under a pledge that religious tolerance and the fullest possible measure of human liberty will be given them, this Government will be glad to receive his views. "It is believed here that if Archbishop Ireland is not in this country to present in person the apostolic views to the President as he has done in the past, Cardinal Gibbons will act as the papal representative. "It is well known that President McKinley highly esteems the pope and respects his suggestions, and that  a proposition from the holy see, while not 'regular' in a diplomatic sense, will, for that reason, go directly to the President and receive immediate and careful atten-tion." Imperial Rome and "Imperial Democracy." THE similarity of the course pursued to-day by the American Republic, to that taken by the Roman repub-lic just previous to the establishment of the empire, is a fact not lost to the view of American imperialists, al-though they fatuously predict a different outcome from the working of the forces which established world-wide despotism two thousand years ago. For example, note the following taken from a paper read by Samuel L. Par-rish, before the Social Science Association at Saratoga, September 6:Š "I know that in the busy world of to-day classical comparisons are somewhat out of date, and yet it may not be inappropriate to recall to mind that nineteen hundred years ago three men, Roman citizens, divided the world among them, Antony, Lepidus, and Octavius. Lepidus took Northern Africa and Spain, Antony took Egypt and the East, and Octavius took Italy and the rest of the world. But it was not many years before Octavius, by force of arms, became Caesar Augustus, sole ruler of the world. And then it was that the gates of the temple of Janus were closed, which signified, under the Roman law and custom, that war had ceased and that universal peace reigned throughout the empire. And then, too, it was that the Prince of Peace was born. "And so, as I look into the future, I see again the world divided into three, but this time it will be three nations and not three individuals who will divide the world among them. If not in actual territorial division, at least in dominating political influence. And those three nations will be, in fact are, named in the in-verse order of their ultimate political importance. First, Russia, that grim specter of the North, that seeks to enfold in her chill embrace the destinies of the world. Second, Great Britain and her colonies, a vast and mag-nificent federated empire that will be standing for stabil-ity and order, and third and last, the United States of America. And the last shall be first. "And as I seek to draw aside the veil still more and gaze still further down through the corridors of the cen-turies I see again Caesar Augustus sole ruler of the world. But this time it will not be a single individual, but the imperial democracies of the English speaking race, ruling with directing mind and guiding with sym-pathetic, outstretched hand a Christian world, bound together by the iron bands of order, of justice and of peace." The picture of "imperial democracy" ruling a Chris-tian world is pleasing enough, but it is one that can never materialize; for imperialism is not democracy and democracy is not imperial. The establishment of impe-rialism marks the end of republicanism. It is impossi-ble to separate imperialism from empire, and empire 