AMERICAN SENTINEL. 791 as in lands that boast most highly of their civilization. One great trouble with the uncivilized "heathen" is that they have come in too close contact with the heathen of civilized lands, and learned from the latter a vast amount of immorality that they did not know before. Good government is simple government, and simple government is a thing not beyond the comprehension of simple people. The extension of good governmentŠof free govern-mentŠis one thing; and the extension of the military power and authority of the United States is quite another thing. It is the latter, and that only, which the imperial ist party are seeking to bring about. There is room for free government to expand at home; of late years the politicians and bosses and reli-gio-political parties have succeeded in greatly narrowing its scope in this country. And when the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and other bulwarks of popular rights and liberties are set aside by the Govern meat itself, to justify the new policy, the result can only - be a great contraction of free government in America itself. This fact is what makes this new national policy a' matter of serious concern for the American people. It is a policy which seriously endangers their own rights, as individuals. We have no objection to the expansion of good gov-ernment; but we do object to the expansion of any gov-ernment, even American government, at the expense of good government. The American Government can never promote free government abroad by ceasing to be a free, Government at home. Ł I -0. "The Sheet Anchor of American Republicanism." IN these times, when self government is denied to the people of the new accessions of the United States, and even the principle is being abandoned by American Re-publicanism, it is well to revert to original principles. No American ever understood this better than did Abraham Lincoln; and no one ever made it plainer nor proclaimed it more fully. He hoped that "government of the people, by the people, for the people," should not perish from the earth. And now that it is really being abandoned by the leading men of the United States and the mass is following, it is well to recall the attention of the American people to what Abraham Lincoln de-clared to be "The Sheet Anchor of American Republi-canism." He was speaking at Peoria, Ill., October 16, 1854, and said:Š "I trust I understand and truly estimate the right of self-government. My faith in the proposition that each man should do precisely as he pleases with, all which is exclusively his own, lies at the foundation of the sense of justice there is in me. I extend the principle to commu-nities of men, as well as to individuals. I so extend it  because it is politically wise as well as naturally justŠpolitically wise in saving us from broils about matters which do not concern us. "The doctrine of self-government is rightŠabsolutely and eternally right. . . . If the negro is a man, is it not to that extent a total destruction of self-government to say that he too shall not govern himself? When the white man governs himself, that is self-government; but when he governs himself, and also another man, that is more than self governmentŠthat is despotism. . . . "No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. I say this is the leading principle, the sheet anchor of American Republicanism. Our Declaration of Independence says:Š "'We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by, their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, DERIVING THEIR JUST POWERS FROM THE CONSENT OF THE GOVERNED.' "I have quoted so much at this time merely to show our ancient faith: the just powers of government are de-rived from the consent of the governed. . . . Allow all the governed an equal voice in the government; and that, and that only, is self-government." Abraham Lincoln understood perfectly what Atneri-can Republicanism is. And since he has here so clearly defined it, what is this thing now being advocated by the expansionists who must needs deny to whole peoples the exercise of self-government? This is the distinct aban-donment of every principle:of republican government. A. T. J. 1.• Ł 4 4 Doing Business Again at the Old Stand. ENCOURAGED by the promise of governmental sup-port for the church in Cuba, Rome has returned to the attack upon American principles through appropriations to sectarian schools. Nothing else, of course, was to be expected. A special dispatch from Washington to the Chicago Times-Herald, dated Dec. 9, says:Š "Archbishop Ireland, of St. Paul, and Bishop Thomas J. O'Brien, of Sioux Falls, are in the city in the interest of the movement, headed by Cardinal Gibbons, who seeks to have Congress reverse itself and make appropriations for the education of Indian children in sectarian schools. There are intimations that this is intended as the enter-ing wedge for a proposition to have native children in the Philippines sent to Roman Catholic schools in those islands." (Italics ours.) Some years ago the' Government was entrapped into the business of maintaining Roman Catholic Indian schools in the United States, by a yearly appropriation of funds from the public treasury. These appropria-tions, naturally, grew larger year by year. Several Prot-estant denominations followed suit, but they were una-ble to keep pace with Rome in securing the patronage of the Government. Seeing this, they turned about and re-pudiated the principle of government aid to sectarian 