348 .A.MiMEtile.ANT  VOL. 8. No. 44. City. The object of the meeting, as set forth in the call, was to form a permanent organization of Christian voters. Ministers of nearly every denom-ination were present, except Episcopalians and Catholics. The representatives of the ministry were the Revs. Daniel Halloran and C. E. Little, Methodist; the Revs, Cornelius Brett and C. K. Wick, Re-formed; the Rev. Edwin McMinn, Baptist; the Revs. Henry C. Cronin, James McKelvey, and J. W. Hathaway, Presbyterian; and the Rev. John L. Scudder, Congregational. Letters were received from several other ministers. Dr. Scudder presided and announced the purpose of the meeting. He was fully convinced, he said, that if the Christian people of the community had as thorough an organization as the political parties they could dictate nominations and get whatever legislation they demanded. We have an Irish vote, he said, a German vote, a Catholic vote, and a rumseller's vote. Now let us have a Christian vote. Politicians have been, for some time, trimming their sails to catch the religious breezes which might blow them safely into their desired political havens. The evidences of political Christianity have been for years an open book offered for the study of all citizens. If the entrance of religion and religious issues as a ruling factor into the politics of the country is a, surprise to the people of this country, it will only be because they have failed to see and understand the clear teaching and plain object lessons which have been before them continually. To Press the Matter in Congress. THE National Reform Association has sent out a call for a national convention to be held in Allegheny, Pa., Nov. 14, 15, and 16, in the First United Presbyte-rian Church, on Union Avenue, of that city. The claim of this call for the as-sembling of a national convention is, that the contest as to the Sunday closing of the Worles Fair has " demonstrated the overwhelming strength of the Christian sentiment of our country;" but has shown also that this " sentiment " is not strong enough to maintain itself without the as-sistance of an express statement in the fundamental law of the land. To devise means to secure such an expression this convention is called. The religious laws of the country, as they now are, it seems, are quite insufficient for the purposes of the " National Reformers," for they say : We have had actual proof that our national laws, as they now stand, are not sufficient to pre-vent great enterprises like the World's Fair, or State Courts, or even our highest national courts, such as the United States Appellate Circuit Court at Chicago, from transforming our American Sab-bath into a continental Sunday. Political wisdom and Christian patriotism alike dictate that some-thing.  must now be done to give permanent ex-pression to the Christian sentiment at present so thoroughly aroused. . . . The whole country has been stirred by the struggle for the Sabbath. And now that the victory has been won, let the fruits be secured. Let the Christian Sabbath senti-ment of the United States be crystallized in some appropriate and permanent national and legal form. The field secretary of the association, H. H. George, follows with two columns of intense appeal for attendance of dele-gates at this convention, and for money, for, as he says,Š three to five thousand dollars will be needed for the distribution of literature beforehand, and send-ing a committee to Congress after the convention is over to press the matter there. . . . Some heroic men are struggling to make it [this conven-tion] the grandest success of any such meeting that has ever been held in this Nation. . . . You have all taken a deep interest in the Sabbath dis-cussiOn for the last two years. You must not let it drop now. Don't you know that if the matter ends here, the agitation will cease and the country will be where it began two years ago ? There must be an advance step. The agitation must be clinched by some national action. William. Weir, writing of his work for the National Reform Association in West-ern Pennsylvania, says:Š Especially has the purpose of the convention to arrange to press the long Sabbath agitation of the country to a conclusion in the enactment of a national law securing the Sabbath to every citizen, been urged on their attention. Will this convention, or this associa-tion, or any other body of men, be able to press this long agitation to a conclusion ? No! It will not be brought to a conclusion until the second coming of Him who is Lord of the Sabbath. Then will those who are striving to secure the enactment of laws, State and national, for the en-forcement of the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, be ready to an-swer to Him when he shall ask them by what authority they assume to enforce a Sabbath rest ? And what answer will they have ready when He shall ask them for what reason they have neglected to remember that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord, but have observed the first, and at the same time have both taught and compelled others to obedience to the same error ? W. H. M. The Influence of Puritan Religious Legislation Upon Subsequent Christianity. [Conclusion of a thesis by T. J. Van Horn of the University of Chicago,] IT remains to considerŠ ThirdŠThe influence of puritanism on nineteenth century Christianity. 1st. Much of the rationalistic and skep-tical tendencies prevalent in nineteenth century Christianity were set in motion by the inconsistencies in Puritan legisla-tion. The fact that they made an unwar- rantable use of the Bible in. civil matters, their unfortunate theory that the Old Testament theocracy was the form of gov-ernment for all people, at all times, and in all grades of development, this literal-istic and rigid interpretation of all parts of the Bible, led to the opposite extreme in all these particulars. The influence of the Bible over the thought and lives of men has, consequently, been weakened and its authority questioned. Ellis, in his " Puritan Age in Massachusetts," has unconsciously furnished an illustration of this fact. He has made a study of Puritan legislation and exhibits strong tendencies to rationalistic thought. I quote his ob- servation on the Puritan's conception of the Bible:Š Duty, the object of life, and the Bible, its rule, was their rule To most of them it was their only book. Buried long in an unknown tongue it came to them with althe freshness of a revelation, pro-ducing effects upon them very different from those produced upon a nineteenth century adult reader. We read the Bible in the light of commentators, who have established rules of interpretation well suited to the modern mind. This inconvenient passage is a figure of speech; this monstrous law condemning witches or idolators to death was in-tended only for a special time; the teachings of the Saviour are not to be taken literally, for our society could not continue under such a construction: but the passages which conform to our ideas of right and propriety, which sustain our theological sys-tems, and which enable us to live the life which is agreeable, whether they are found in the. Old or New Testament, in the simple gospels or in the philosophical letters of St. Paul, have no figurative meaning and were meant for all time. The extreme rationalistic method of -treating the Bible, which we can see Mr. Ellis has in mind, in this subtle compari-son between the Puritan and the modern system of Bible interpretation, is only a revolt against the stringent, literalistic method of the Puritans which everywhere crops out in their religious legislation. It is but a step from this to the entire repu-diation of the Bible as a divinely inspired book, and the Ingersollism of to-day. It has been said that Christianity has suf-fered more from its professed friends than from its avowed enemies. Who will say that much of the skepticism and infidelity so prevalent in religious thought is a result of undue rigor in doctrine and dis-cipline of the honest but mistaken friends of Christianity ? How many of those lost in hopeless skepticism will testify that they were driven from the faith by the sombre and repelling aspects of Calvinistic doctrine and discipline enforced in their childhood home. How many have been all but attracted by the absurdities and inconsistencies read into the Bible by those who have studied it more to prove a doctrine or a theory than to find the, truth. 2nd. The influence of Puritan legislation: is observed again in the cuestion of amusements which is one of Cie ever re-curring topics in our religious gatherings and in Christian literature. To the Pu-ritan, life was a solemn thing. They tried to impress this view upon all by their laws against popular sports and frowning upon pastimes of all kinds. Christian festivi-ties, dancing about the May-pole on the village-green, were grievous offenses, and gaiety and lightness or any expression of exuberance of spirits, was out of harmony with the grave responsibilities of life. Mr. Gladden's illustration of a High-lander, walking through the streets of Edinburgh, who reported that he saw, on the Sabbath, men and women walking along the streets and smiling as if they were perfectly happy, and added, " It was an awfu' sight ! ' is in point here. Per-haps he is too severe in saying that "Every word otherwise than severely and sadly uttered seemed to pierce like a sword through them. If any man were pleased, their manner was fervently with sighs; to repeat those words of our Saviour,  Christ, ' Woe be to you that laugh now;, for ye shall lament.' * This severe habit, of looking upon life among the Puritans has left an impression upon Christian life and thought still discernible. The minds of men still living are haunted with the unhealthful restraints imposed in child-hood against innocent amusement. Is it unfair to assume that the excessive indul-gence in amusements among American,  people is the result of a reaction against; unwise methods of restraint used in an: earlier day ? But even yet the world has not recovered from the feeling that Chris-tianity is a sombre thing. 3rd. Again, turning our attention to the Christianity of to-day, it requires a micro- scope of no great magnifying power to detect elements of puritanism in our Sun-day legislation. Attention has already-been called to the fact that the colonial) Puritans, no less than the English Puri-tans, felt especially called upon to protect; and defend the sanctity of Sunday, and also that a large part of their legislation was directed to this end. Very early ins the history of the Puritan movement in England the Sabbatarian controversy took an important part. The question involved was, whether the Jewish idea of the Sab- bath, which they insisted upon, could be transferred to the first day of the week. The argument of Nicholas Bound, how- * Gladden, Applied Christianity, pp. 252, 253, 