SEPTEMBER 26, 1895. ANIMELICA,INT S11-4,1V1171INIEL.4.. 299 been prosecuted, only Adventists have been interfered with. We have repeatedly pub-lished this statement and given the facts, stating what kinds of work were done, and just where done; and so far from being de-nied, these facts have been recognized by others, and have been published to the world by others; not from what we have said, but from their own personal knowledge. The Republi-can, of Dayton, Tenn., has published such facts. Ex-Senator Slaughter, of Tennessee, has published to the world in the Nashville American, over his own signature, the state-ment that " steamboats, railroads, street-car lines, hotels, livery-stables, hackmen, and other money-making concerns can continue their various vocations without the least fear of molestation by officers of the law, whilst another Class of true and good citizens must be persecuted for doing what others are pro-miscuously allowed to do." The Statesman also asserts that "no man's conscience requires him to work on Sunday." It would be difficult to make a more erroneous statement. The Statesman ought to know, for it has had opportunity to know, the posi-tion of Seventh-day Adventists upon this question. Seventh-day Adventists regard the Sunday institution as a rival of the true Sab-bath; it is the badge or mark of pagan and papal apostasy, and rebellion against the Cre-ator of the heavens and the earth. For this reason they cannot pay even outward regard to it. They look upon the demand that they shall keep Sunday as exactly parallel to the decree of King Nebuchadnezzar requiring the three Hebrews, Shadrach, Meshach and Abed-nego, to bow down with the multitude before the great image set up in the plain of Dura. It is argued, however, that " the Adventists are left free to observe the seventh day," and that " they are not required to keep Sunday religiously." Neither were the three Hebrews forbidden to worship the true God; nor were they required to pay more than outward and formal respect to the great image. They might have bowed before the image at the sound of the music and then prayed to the God of heaven; but to all beholders they would have appeared to worship the image, and God vindicated them in their refusal to even seem to countenance idolatry. It is true that Adventists are not forbidden to rest upon the seventh day, neither are they required to perform upon the first day any act which is of itself religious; but rest is itself a religious act in such a case, just as bowing before the image, under the circumstances, would have been a religious act on the part of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego. Actions speak louder than words, and by working upon the seventh day, and resting upon Sun-day, the Sunday-keeper testifies more loudly than he could by words that the seventh day is not the Sabbath, and that Sunday is the sabbath. In like manner by resting upon the seventh day and working upon the first day, the Sabbatarian testifies that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and that the first day,  is not. This the Christian Statesman would prohibit by statute, thus curtailing the liberty of the Sabbath-keeper to teach by his example that which he believes is the truth; so that not only do Sunday "laws" require of the Sab-batarian a service which he cannot conscien-tiously render, but they forbid him to render a service, in the way of testifying to the truth, which he feels in conscience bound to render. It does not follow from this that the Sab-batarian should be unnecessarily offensive in Ilif4 Sunday work;, but he should treat the day as at, secular day, doing quietly and in an or-derly manner his accustomed work, just. as  Daniel, being accustomed to pray three times a day with his window open toward Jerusa-lem, continued that practice when he knew that the writing had been signed forbidding any man to ask any petition of any God or man for thirty days, save of the king only. His act was not uncivil, nor was it anything that could possibly be styled a disturbance of the peace before the king's decree was issued; neither was it anything that ought to, have disturbed anyone after the decree was issued; and yet, as a matter of fact, it did very seri-ously disturb Daniel's enemies; not because it was uncivil or because it injured them in any way, but because their intolerant feelings could not brook such violation of the king's decree, when in conflict with their ideas of propriety. And it is for the same reason that Sunday work by Sabbatarians so powerfully disturbs Sunday-keepers; it is because it is ob-noxious to their intolerant feelings. They cannot brook it because they feel that it is improper, and because fortified by the knowl-edge that there is a statute against it, they cultivate that feeling until it becomes a pas-sion with them. SCRIPTURAL PRECEDENT FOR IT. THE Outlook gives an account of a com-munion service in Japan at which neither bread nor wine were used; sponge cake taking the place of the bread, and tea being substi-tuted for wine; but those who partook felt that "they obeyed the command of our Lord." The Outlook remarks:Š This is parallel to the question which might arise in an arctic region. For ourselves, we have no doubt that Jesus baptized by immersion, but that would be manifestly impossible in a frigid zone. Do not these facts indicate that the virtue is not in the thing used, or in the form-in which a rite is administered, but in the fact that it brings to mind the person and teaching of the Saviour himself ? We think few would pre-sume to say that the cake and tea were not as holy and acceptable as the bread and the wine, and a no larger number would require baptism by immersion in the frigid zone. Not on the rite, but on the truth symbolized, the Master would have the emphasis placed. The Examiner (Baptist) takes exception to this view of the case, and shows very con-clusively that there is nothing to prevent im-mersion even in the coldest countries inhabited by man. It also goes further and shows that both bread and wine are easily obtainable in Japan, and that hence there was no occasion for substituting sponge cake and tea, as was done in the instance referred to by the Out-look. But is there any greater impropriety in substituting sponge cake and tea for bread and wine in the celebration of the Lord's supper, or in substituting sprinkling for im-mersion in baptism, than there is in substi-tuting the first day of the week for the seventh in the matter of Sabbath observance ? The fact is that the practice of substituting some-thing that the Lord has not commanded for that which he has commanded, is altogether wrong. However, the practice is very ancient, and is regarded by some as even venerable. The first one so far as we know to offer a sub-stitute, was Cain, who, instead of bringing a lamb 'as an offering, as required by the Lord, substituted the fruits of the ground. Another case of substitution is recorded in the 10th chapter of Leviticus, where we read that c.‚ Nadab and Abihu, the sons of Aaron, took either of them his censer, and put fire therein, and put incense thereon, and offered strange fire before the Lord, which he commanded them not." Thus it is seen that there is precedent even in ,the, Scriptures for offering to the Lord  something that he has not commanded instead of that which he has commanded. These cases are not likely to be appealed to, however, in support of the practice, as it is very evident that such substitution was not pleasing to the Lord then; and there is no reason to believe that it is any more pleasing to him now. Ł -111. JAILED FOR FOR "OBSTRUCTING THE STREETS." THE Sabbath Recorder, of the 19th inst., has the following relative to the imprisonment of members of the Salvation Army:Š While the persecutions for conscience' sake are going on in Georgia and Tennessee against Seventh-day Adventists, Pontiac, Mich., has thrown eleven Salvationists into jail on a charge of " obstructing the streets." These prisoners say they also are persecuted for conscience' sake. But there is a wide difference be-tween their alleged offense and that of the Seventh-day Adventists. The latter consider it a sin to work on the day which Jehovah has set apart, blessed and sanctified and commandedŁ all men to observe as his Sabbath; while no Scriptural -law would he violated by refraining from obstructing the streets .which the city ordinance forbids. There may be and probably is a spirit of persecution exhibited in the foimer case, but the victims stand on very different grounds from those who are persecuted for Sabbath-observance. To obey the law of the land, in one case is a sin against God; in the other case it is right and honorable. In one case it " renders unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's; " and in the other case "unto God the things that are God's." Being ignorant of the facts in this Michigan case, we cannot of course say that the author-ities acted arbitrarily in the matter; but we are convinced that in most instances the of-fense of the Salvationists is only technical. We have seen a good many Salvation Army street meetings, and never yet saw a street se- riously obstructed. There certainly is the difference pointed out by the Recorder, and yet it is safe to say that if the "obstruction " were occasioned by some political club no ar-rests would be made. ARE METHODISTS CONSISTENT? THE Methodist missionaries, expelled from the Caroline Islands some years ago by the Spanish authorities, are demanding, through the State Department at Washington, the privilege of returning to the Islands. It is stated that the Secretary of State will shortly demand that the missionaries be permitted to return. Whether this will be granted or not remains to be seen; but if they are not per-mitted to return, it is stated definitely that Secretary Olney will take "most vigorous measures to bring about obedience." Our sympathies in this matter are wholly with the Methodist missionaries. There ought to be no part of the world where any man who conducts himself civilly, could not go and teach whatever religious views he might wish to teach, in a quiet and civil manner, to as many as would listen to him, without molesta-tion; neither ought there to be any portion of the world in which every man could not prac-tice freely in accordance with his faith, as long as in so doing he did not interfere with the equal rights of his fellow-men. But we fail to see how Methodists can con-sistently demand that they shall be permitted to teach and to practice contrary to the law of the Caroline Islands. We believe that the Methodists in this country advocate the idea that Seventh-day: Adventists "should obey the civil law until it is repealed, whether right or wrong;" and that they should not array themselves against the " laws" which require the obserVance of Sunday as the Sab-bath. This being their position here, what right have they to demand that they shall be 