AMERICAN SENTINEL. 355 crites, and a hypocrite is two-fold more the child of the evil one than the open opposer. Now the point: The trend of passing events indicates that among many so-called Christians there is creeping in the idea that the civil law can be made an adjunct in the propagation of the gospel; and not in our own coun-try alone is this true, but it is pervading Christian lands everywhere. Pride, worldliness and Pharisaism are fast coming into' the churches, and just to the extent that the churches have lost the primitive power of the gospel in their work, just to that extent is there a clamoring for civil power to forward their ends, and the logical re-sult of this is but one thingŠpersecution pure and simple to dissenters. Against all this the SENTINEL raises a warning voice. There is no power under heaven to make men good at heart but the transforming power of Jesus Christ, and his kingdom is not of this world. His weapons are not carnal, but spiritual; love, not force. In the light of the past and of the sure word of prophecy, the SENTINEL be-seeches the people everywhere to open their eyes and dis-cern the signs of the times. 0- -4 THE most practical education any person can receive is education of the conscience. He will have more use for this than for any other, and more momentous issues will hang on its decisions. The teacher in this education is the Holy Spirit, and the text-book is the Word of God. I* 0- -4 -4 Falling Back Upon Rome. SPEAKING of a change of views recently experienced by a W. C. T. U. evangelist relative to the question of which day is the Sabbath, the N. Y. Christian Advocate, of May 6, says:Š " The question between those who observe Sunday as the Lord's day and those who maintain that the only day to be observed as a sacred day is the seventh day, is a complex one, that the study of many years would not fully exhaust. There are some questions upon which practical wisdom for busy Christians is to follow the teachings of the Church in all matters that are not flatly and unmistakably contradictory to the Word of God." In other words, this question of which day is the Sabbath being so complex and difficult of solution, it is impracticable for the individual Christian to undertake it, and his proper course is to follow the teachings of the Church. This is the principle of popery, as straightly put as it would be by an acknowledged spokesman of Rome. It sounds odd to hear this leading Methodist organ falling back upon this purely papal principle in defense of Protestant practice in the observance of the Sabbath. Yet, after all, it is not strange, but perfectly natural; for Protestant practice in this important matter, as gener-ally observed, is not Protestant at all, but papal; that is, the observance of Sunday as a sacred day rests not  upon the Word of God, but upon tradition and the pre-cepts of "the Church"; and when the champions of Sun-day observance find themselves under the necessity of defending it, they at once fall back upon the papal principle of directing conscience by the word of man, instead of the Word of God. Papal practice must be defended by papal principles. Ł APROPOS to the cry of "hard times" so much sounded by this "Christian nation," are the following figures given by the Union Signal:Š " The people of this country expended last year $22,-000,000 for chewing gum; $400,000,000 for amusements; $600,000,000 for jewelry; $800,000,000 for tobacco; and $1,400,000,000 forŁ strong drink." An Unchristian Petition. AT a special meeting of the Charleston (S. C.) Minis-terial Union, May 14, as reported in the Charleston News and Courier, the following petition to the Postmaster-General was presented and /unanimously indorsed:Š "To the Hon. James A. Gary, Postmaster-GeneralŠ "Honored Sir: The Sunday railway train, by its ready and wide-extended inducement to travel, both for pleasure and business, is undoubtedly the most influen-tial agency now undermining public reverence forŁ the di-vinely-appointed sabbath. "The transportation of the mail, except in the vicin-ity of large cities, is the chief cause and support of the Sunday train. "The great facilities for daily intercommunication by rail, telegraph and telephone leave no excuse for the Sun-lay mail as a necessity, a fact sustained by the dimin-ished mail service and almost universal closing of post-offices in England and Canada. - "State legislation cannot stop United States mail trains, therefore the responsibility for Sunday mail serv-ice and largely for all Sunday travel rests solely upon the post-office department. "If the United States Government, through you and your department, by the approval and direction of the President, would set the example of reverence for the Lord's day by stopping the transmission of mails and closing all post offices on Sunday, it would evoke a divine blessing upon itself and the whole country ; would teach a sublime lesson to the world; would confer a great boon upon thousands of its own and other officials and em-ployes, and would put such a stamp of condemnation upon all acts of public desecration of the sabbath as would detergood citizens from their commission, and ren-der all proper Sunday laws, State and municipal, easy of enforcement. "We, therefore, do most earnestly but respectfully pe-tition you, and through you his Excellency the President, to forbid the transmission of any mails on Sunday, and order the closing of all post-offices throughout the United States on that day." Let lit be observed that this petition is avowedly in behalf of "the divinely-appointed sabbath." It does not 