AMERICAN SENTINEL. 499 of republicanism declines, with a grave result, we fear, in an increase of political hopelessness, and therefore a decrease of political energy." And the outcome of that can be only that mon-archies mad even society itself, shall fail and perish in their own corruption. Thus has it ever been with the nations; thus only will it ever be. And the end hastens. A. T. J. Should Christians Run the Covernment? THERE are in this land a number of very large and-growing religious organizations, of which the Christian Endeavor Society, the Christian Citizenship League, League for Social Service, etc., stand as examples. The watchword of these organizations is, Reform. They see among other things that there is great need of reform in the civil government. They see that corruption is enthroned in politics; that bad men are running the affairs of State. And they come naturally to the conclusion that the remedy is to turn the bad men out of office and keep them out, and put good men in their places. They conclude that they ought to go in and take the political reins into their own hands, and run the Government themselves. They are fully confident that if the politicians would only do as they say, this would be a truly Christian Government in a very short time. The idea is a plausible one, certainly. It seems axi-omatic that the good people ought to run the Govern-ment; and, of course, the best people are to be found in the church. Whatever dispute there might be on this point, not a doubt of it is entertained in these religious societies. Nor would we imply that the statement is at all doubtful. We believe the best people are inthe church. But ought the "best people"Šthe good and zealous Christian people of the land, who compose the church congregations on SundaysŠought these people to run the Government? We think not. But as our arguments on the subject might have but little weight, we will refer to the testimony of history; for history certainly gives an emphatic caution upon this point. The colonial history of America had its beginning in the efforts of the church people in England to run the government of that country. They made the conditions there so uncongenial for the religious minority, that the latter decided to emigrate to the wilds of North Amer-ica. The hardships of life in a strange and unsettled country, with separation from kindred and friends, were preferable to the conditions imposed upon them by the government under the control of the religious majority at home. When Massachusetts had become a flourishing col-ony, there was one Roger Williams, who, for dissenting from the authority assumed by the civil magistrate, was driven out under a decree of perpetual banishment.  The government was in the hands of the church people, and under their management of it Roger Williams found the society of wild beasts and savage Indians more con-genial than that he left behind him in Massachusetts. Other Baptists, and the Quakers also, found that they would have been much better off under a govern-ment of the most irreligious men in the colony, than they were under one run by its "best people." When the colonies won their independence, there was a reaction from the theory that government could be best administered under ecclesiastical direction, and statesmen came to the front with principles of govern-ment which completely separated religion from the af-fairs of state; and under those statesmen the govern-ment rose to the highest pinnacle of excellence. Washington, the highest example of American states-manship, was so little identified with the church that it is a disputed question whether he believed in the Chris-tian religion or not. Thomas Jefferson, author of the Declaration of Independence, is claimed by the Unitari-ans, but by the majority of people since his day he has been hardly distinguished from an atheist. Andrew Jackson, that conspicuous exponent of pure democratic government, is equally inconspicuous as regards relig-ion; and the name of Abraham Lincoln is entirely un-known in the country's religious annals. Yet all must admit that the Government was never run upon better principles than when under the guidance of these states-men. The very fact that a religious organization is ready to go into politics and seize the reins of civil power, is unquestionable proof that the organization is ready to join force with religion, and that for the coercion of dis-senters. But for the idea that the "best people"Šthe ortho-dox church peopleŠought to run the government, that worst of all forms of governmentŠa union of church and stateŠwould never have been. What Good can It Do? WHAT good can a Sunday law really do? It can make a man act the hypocrite, by pretending to regard the day when he cares nothing for it. It can make loafers and idlers in the place of men doing honest work. It can put hardships upon good people who conscien-tiously observe a different day. It can unite church and state. It can do all this evil; but it cannot make a bad man good; or change any heart, to put into it more love for God or man. It cannot force anybody to rest, for mere idleness is not rest. Such laws did not originate in any thought of conferring physical benefits or pre-serving rights, but solely with the idea of protecting a religious institution from desecration. They never ac-complished any good in the past, and they are potent only for harm to-day. 