bECENIBER 14, 1.898. R1R,gNTINEIL. gRO tion is not attracted in the least, for these things are usual; he has become accus-tomed to them. Then he passes the open door of the livery stable, around which a number of men and boys sit and chew to-bacco and talk horse. Inside he sees a number of men hard at work currying horses, washing vehicles, and hitching up teams. But this does not take his mind from the contemplation of divine things, for he has seen it so much, and it has be-come a matter of course. But he goes on. The birds are singing sweetly, the bees are buzzing in the May flowers. All na-ture is happyŠ But hark ! what is that ? A sawŠupon my soul ! And that saw in the hands of the teacher of a strange religion! " Crucify him !" " Release unto us B arabbas ! A Few Straws. IN the Catholic Mirror of October 28, is published a reprint of an interview with Cardinal Gibbons concerning the growth of the Catholic Church, etc. Some state-ments made by the cardinal may be of interest to readers of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, since he is the second highest rep-resentative of the Papacy in the United States. Of the growth of the church in America, he said :Š It is by the light of her past that we must read the future. Ł . . Here, as in the Old World, with the passage of time, everything else has changed. Her organization [the church's], her principles, her doctrines, her rites, are precisely the same to-day as they were when Columbus first landed. The forms of government have altered, new nationalities with new customs and new ideas have come in; there are a hundred new religions that have been established, and others are con-stantly springing up daily; hut the teachings, the procedure, the forms, the structure of the Catholic Church, are identically what they were when the first Catholic priest- raised the cross on American soil. . . By a lapsus linguce or lapsus memorise the cardinal speaks volumes in this much of his interview. The Catholic Church, in the past, has been a persecuting power, denouncing all who were outside of her realm as heretics. A few references on this point from Catholic authority may be opportune * Pope Marcellus decreed :Š It is permitted neither to think nor to teach otherwise than the Court of Rome directs. ŠCorpus Juris Canoici, part 2, chap. 18. Pope. Innocent III. decreed :Š The secular powers shall swear to exterminate all heretics condemned by the Church; and if they do not they shall be anathema. ŠDecretals of Gregory IX., book 6, title 7. These quotations may be alleged to be ancient and of no moment in this enlight-ened age of civilization. If this be urged, let us quote some Catholic literature of recent date. Says the Shepherd of the Valley (1876), published in St. Louis under the super-vision of Archbishop Kendrick : Š We confess that the Roman Catholic Church is * Before quoting these references, we will give what the car-dinal says in this same interview in reference to his being chosen to open the Parliament of Religions with prayer and to make the closing address :Š Ł Ł Was it not significant that your eminence should have been invited to lead in the opening prayer and make the closing address ?" " There can be no other view. Here were assembled repre-sentatives of all the religions and most of the leading sects in the world. I, as the representative of the Catholic Church, was invited to make the opening invocation. Not only was this a high compliment, but it was a circumstance of the deepest significance since it was a virtual acknowledgment that the Catholic Church is the rightful and s ipreme exponent and teacher of Chris' ian truth And I may say that when I led the prayer, I followed the Catholic form, and stipulated that I should do so in advance. I could not have done other-wise, because there was a principb,  involved." Now, then, with this interview, place these utterances of the Roman Church authorities, and the reader will not have much difficulty in determining the future of the church in this country when opportunity shall present itself, intolerant. . . . But this intolerance is the log-ical and necessary consequence of her infallibility. She alone has the right to be intolerant, because she alone has the truth. The church tolerates heretics where she is obliged to do so, but she hates them mortally, and employs all her force to secure their annihilation. When the Catholics shall here be in possession of a considerable majorityŠwhich will certainly be the case by and by, although the time may be long deferred--then religious liberty will have come to an end in the Republic of the United States. Our enemies say this, and we be-lieve with them. Our enemies know that we do not pretend to be better than our Church, and in what concerns this, her history is open to all. They know, then, how the Roman Church dealt with heretics in the middle ages, and how she deals with them to-day whenever she has the power. We no more think of denying these historic facts than we do of blaming the saints of God and the princes of the church for what they have done or approved in these matters. Put with this the following from Mgr. S4gur, in his " Plain Talk about the Protestantism of To-day " The church is certainly intolerant in matters of doctrine. True; and we glory in it! . . . In religion, in mathematics, what is true is true, and what is false is false. No compromise between truth and error; truth cannot compromise. Such concession3, however small, would prove an imme-diate destruction of truth. Two and two make four; it is a truth. Hence, whoever asserts the contrary, utters a falsehood. . . . The church proclaims and maintains truths as certain as the mathematical ones. She teaches and defends her truths with as much intolerance as the science of mathematics defends hers. And what is more logical ? The Catholic Church alone, in the midst of so many different sects, avers the possession of absolute truth, out of which there cannot be true Christianity. She alone has the right to be, she alone must be intolerant. She alone will and must say, as she has said in all ages in her councils, "If any one saith or believeth contrary to what I teach, which is truth, let him be anathema." Here we have the record in part of the Roman Church. Testimony could be mul-tiplied upon this point of intolerance, but sufficient is quoted, and coupled with the words of one of her princes, shows that that church is beginning to bestir herself, and come to the front, boldly asserting her queenship and her right to rule the consciences of men. It would be well if Protestantism would stop and consider whether in its efforts to make theology a branch of politics, it is not doing the foun-dation work for the future of the Roman Church in this country. The great badge of Roman authority is the establishment of the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the Sabbath, contrary to the Bible (the guide of Protestantism at one time), which the Romanists admit; and Protestantism has been challenged by Rome, through the Catholic Mirror,t to gainsay the fact that Sunday observance is purely a creation of the Roman Catholic Church; and this was done lately, in Sep-tember of this year. How about this, Protestantism ? Who will answer for her ? S. B. HORTON. The Boycott in the Church. IT is a curious illustration of the moral weakness, but also perhaps of the numeri-cal strength, of the present majority in the Presbyterian Church, that some of its distinguished representatives should se-riously propose to resort to the boycott in making war against the Union Theological Seminary. The boycott was first intro-duced into civilized society by the [Papal] Church. It was called by another name; it was termed excommunication. It was sup-posed to carry with it other penalties in the future state, but on earth to cut the excom-municated person off from all fellowship t See AMERICAN SENTINEL, Nos. 37, 38, 39, 40, current volume. with his fellow-men. It was borrowed from the Church by the trades-unions, who have made a vigorous effort to introduce it into American industrial society, but, on the whole, with such distinct ill success that they have about abandoned it. It is a curious anachronism that it should be taken up again in a Protestant Church as a weapon in ecclesiastical warfare. The facts will be found given in some detail in The Religious World. A com-mittee of the New York Presbytery ser-iously proposes that the presbytery should forbid students under its care to pursue their studies in the Union Theological Seminary while under the ban of the Gen-eral Assembly, and should provide that no minister can present himself for license to the Presbytery if he has acquired his education in that Seminary. The broad humor of this proposition is best illustrated by supposing the same principle to be ap-plied in other departments of education. Suppose, for example, that the College of Physicians and Surgeons should request the legislature to refuse to allow a diploma to be given to any one who had studied in the New York University Medical College, or that Columbia College, from which two years ago three professors went out to found a new Law School down towns  should ask the legislature to enact that no men should be admitted to the Bar who studied in the new Law School. Such methods of conducting warfare are not less worthy of derision and contempt when in-troduced by doctors of divinity in ecclesi-astical assemblages. The only function of a presbytery is to ascertain whether the student who comes before it is competent to preach and is sufficiently in accord with the spirit and principles of the Presbyter-ian Church to be inducted into the Pres-byterian pulpit ; and they have no more business to inquire where he got his edu-cation than where he got his clothes.ŠThe Outlook. A Seventh-day Baptist in the National Reform Convention. [The Sabbath Recorder publishes the following from the Pittsburg Press as the timely and apt language of Rev. A. H. Lewis, in the National Re-form Convention lately held at Allegheny. Dr. Lewis was given five minutes at the close of a forenoon session, after twelve o'clock.] WHEN I saw the call for this conven-tion, and the scope of the themes to be considered, I thought it large enough to include the discussion of the claims of the Sabbath as an important factor in the question of Sabbath reform, hence I came here as an accredited delegate from the American Sabbath Tract Society. But as your committee on " enrollment" has de-cided that I may not be recognized under the " call," I thank you for the courtesy of these minutes. I am in hearty accord with you touching the questions of Tem-perance, Social Purity, Divorce, Chinese Exclusion, Labor Problem, Negro Prob-lem, etc. We Seventh-day Baptists rec-ognize the Bible and the religion of Christ as the only source of help in the solution and adjustment of these problems. But the larger question on which I desire to speak to you, not merely as a Seventh-day Baptist, but as a Christian man to Chris- tian men, is the fundamental error in your efforts toward Sabbath reform. The Bible is the only standard by which that ques-tion can be settled, and according to that Book the primary trouble, and the para-mount error, lies with Christians.. You say that Christians support the Sunday papers 