APRIL 12, 1894. 111 have not yet been brought quite up to concert pitch. . . We have among us a considerable class of religious men who, while they disclaim any wish to remarry the Church to the State, do yet shudder at the complete logical and necessary results of the divorce. They insist that the State is bound to be Christian, to assert the being of God, the divinity of Christ and the infallible authority of the Scriptures; and that the refusal to do this proves it to be godless and profane. They forget that religion is a matter exclusively between the individual soul and God, and that he judges men, not in the mass, nor as gathered in associations, for whatever purpose formed, but as persons, each one being required to give account of himself. The State being formed for secular purposes only, cannot interfere with citizens in their personal relations to their Maker. But no inference prejudicial to Christianity or any other form of religion is to be drawn from this non-interference. If the State does not affirm and propagate religion, so neither' does it oppose nor obstruct it. In protecting freedom of speech and action for its champions and supporters, it does for religion all that it has any right to do. To murmur because it confines itself to secular affairs, and refuses to enter the sphere of religion, is as un-reasonable as to complain of railroads because they do not provide facilities for crossing the ocean, of a court of justice that it does not perform the duties of a leg-islature, or of a threshing machine because it does not fulfill the uses of a magnetic telegraph. In regard to Christianity, I go still farther, and affirm that the State could not lend itself to its direct support without doing it far more injury than good. All experience goes to show that Christianity prospers best when Church and State move in spheres entirely distinct from each other, and each minds its own business. It was to his disciples, not to any earthly power, that Jesus addressed the command, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature ; " and if the Church had always been as free from alliances with the State as it was before the time of Constan-tine, and as it is now in this country, the progress of Christianity would have been far more rapid than it has been. The Church, indeed, can much better af-ford to be persecuted by the State than to fall into its embrace. They are plotters of mischief for Chris-tianity who are seeking to incorporate their the-ology in the Constitution of the United States; and any form of religion which cannot endure the freedom of our institutions, but seeks the sword of temporal power to enforce its claims, attests thereby its conscious weakness, and brands itself as spurious. These are sound sentiments well ex-pressed. The italics, which are not in the original print, serve to emphasize expres-sions already made emphatic by truth. W. H. FALCONER. Religious Legislation in Europe. SUNDAY laws "will not down " in Eu-rope. Efforts are constantly being made to fill up all the little breaches in the Sunday-law hedge. This question has again occupied the attention of the Ger-man Reichstag, and is receiving local attention in Switzerland. The Basle com-mittee of the international organization to secure better observance of Sunday is ever active. On New Year's day they placed a circular in every house, not so much to wish the people a happy new year as blessed Sundays in the whole year; then the circular went on to show that the character of the year depended on the character of Sunday, or manner in which this day was observed. The sentiment that all stands or falls with Sunday is being worked up quite extensively. At present quite a lively discussion is going on in the canton of Zurich, over the change in the Sunday law regulating work in factories. A national law forbid-ding work in factories on Sundays gives the cantons the right to forbid work on other holidays, to eight per year in num-ber. The proposed law in Zurich is to make Christmas, New Year's day, Good Friday, Ascension day, etc., to the num-ber of seven public holidays, on which no work will be allowed. While the discussion is on, the friends of true religious liberty endeavor to show the true meaning of such laws by journal notices and tracts. Soon it will be sub- mitted to the people, whose vote accepts or rejects the measure. Among the leading telegrams of the day are notices of the discussion by the Aus-trian law-making assembly of a bill to introduce civil marriage. As generally known, there is little religious liberty in Austria, Rome having full sway. In Hungary effort has been made to intro-duce civil marriage, and it meets, as might be expected, lively opposition. It will probably succeed, and a similar law will soon follow in Austria. It is a question of vital importance to Rome, for the con-trol of marriages placed great power in the hands of the priests, a power which they will not yield without a desperate struggle : and should it be wrested from them, they will not yield but continue to cry out against it as an unwarranted en-croachment into the sacred domain of the Church. The discussion is being carried on in the assembly at Buda-Pesth; it was continued all last week, some forty-six members taking part. Some of the speeches were brilliant, one of them being considered a masterpiece. The discussion continues this week, and doubtless the question will have been decided before this reaches its readers. The question naturally opens up the whole question of the relation between Church and State, and of religious liberty ; hence it is a broad theme, and will call out the best efforts of all -parties. Some urge that liberals of every shade and color should unite on this matter, to settle with emphasis this question of relation between Church and State. It is cheering to every lover of liberty to see such questions discussed in one of the strongest Catholic countries. Whether religious liberty will ever be granted by " the powers that be " in Austria, or not, is a question, and a very doubtful one, for, according to prophecy, we know that in the last days intolerance will increase. But it matters very little, so long as the King of kings grants full liberty to all. In reality, there is no religious liberty aside from the liberty he grants; and if he makes us free, we are " free indeed," though living under the worst intolerance that the powers of darkness can invent. And such religious liberty may be enjoyed in Austria, and we trust will be enjoyed by many under the sound of the Third Angel's Message. To-day my route lay through the Tyro-lese Alps, far famed for their beauty. While speaking with a fellow-passenger about the religion of the country, I took occasion to inquire if there were any Prot-estants in her vicinity. On learning that there were, I asked to what class they belonged, Lutherans or some other. She did not seem to know that there were dif-ferent classes, and the, only description she could give of them was that, while they believed in their God, they did not believe in their woman (meaning the Virgin Mary). In this vicinity Sunday laws are not called for. The matter rests undisputedly in the hands of the priests, and that is all they ask for. If people go to hear mass, that seems to settle all else; they can do as they please the remainder of the day. In a press of work all that is necessary is to ask the priest, and he gives them per-mission to work. This reveals much of the character of the papacy. Should the people work without asking the permission of the priest, it would be wrong; with his permission it is right. Thus the wrong does not consist in the action itself, but in  not submitting to the priest. And this exaltation of man is precisely what the Bible charges against the papacy,Šit is the working out of the mystery of iniquity. We rejoice to know that the time is near when this whole system of deception and iniquity will come to an end forever, for "then shall that wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the brightness of his coming." But before that day comes, may many of these souls in papal darkness find the glorious light and liberty of the gospel.ŠH. P. Holser, in Signs of the Times. Rome in Ireland, and Her Imitators in America. IN the political contest some time since in Ireland between the candidates Mr. Mahoney and Mr. Davitt, the latter was supported by the Catholic clergy; and the manner in which they gave their support was so corrupt that the matter was finally taken into court. Mr. Justice Johnson at the hearing said :Š The respondent (Mr. Davitt) placed himself, and left himself in the hands of the clergy to manage and procure his election. The following testimony will show something of the way in which his election was managed and procured :Š Anthony Smith testified: "I was a few yards from Reilly; he was addressing some remarks, but to no one in particular. Reilly said that every one should be allowed to vote according to his conscience. Then Father Clark said, ' Withdraw those words,' and I turned for an instant, and when I looked round, Reilly was on the ground, and appeared insensible." John Cowley swore as follows: "The Rev. Mr. Tynan is my parish priest. The day before the elec-tion Father Tynan spoke to inc about my vote. I said I would vote for neither party. He told me I was bound to vote for my religion on pain of being expelled from the church." Did he add anything to that ? " He did, that I would be deprived of Christian burial when I died." Mr. Michael Swain, J. P., of Harristown, said :Š" I attended mass on June 12th at Castlejordan. Father O'Connell preached. He referred to a meeting at Clonard, and said he expected every man, woman, and child in the parish would attend. He told them plainly it was no longer a political matter, but it was a matter of their holy religion. If any were absent he must know why, and any that wilfully absented them-selves without a just cause, he would meet them on the highway, and the byway, and at the rails, and that he would fire, or he would set fire to their heels and toes.' " This is Rome in Ireland. This is the end to which Rome is working in America. It is " a matter of their holy religion " that such candidates are supported as the church dictates, and of course who are pledged to the support of the church. Who in this country are furthering her ends, and teaching the principles of her doctrines with greater zeal, or with more destructive consequences, than those reli-gious organizations who are trying to place God in the Constitution, control the ballot box, and secure the election of only such candidates as will become tools of the church ? The following appears in the Cincinnati Enquirer of February 22:Š IN THE RING. KANSAS crry CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR UNION GOES INTO POLITICS. KANSAS CITY, MO , February, 21.ŠProbably for the first time in the history of the organization the Chris-tian Endeavor Union is to enter the political field and work for the cause of good government at the coming spring elections, At a joint meeting of the Y. P. C. E. and Y M. C. A. organizations, resolutions were adopted advocating methods of work, the preparation of a list of voters, the personal and systematic solicita-tion of voters to fulfill all their political duties, the assistance of voters by offering full information as to registration, primaries, officers to be elected, and can-didates and tickets in the field. It is also the intention 