AMERICAN SENTINEL. 773 particular creed, but he thought there should be only one organization, the state-church, hyphenated. The sover-eign people would settle the articles of a state religion, of which Rousseau said:Š "Without being able to oblige any one to believe them, he may banish from the state whoever does not believe them; he may banish them, not for impiety, but for unsociabilityŠas persons incapable of sincerely loving the laws or justice, and of sacrificing themselves to duty if needful. . . . If any one, after having acknowledged these same dogmas, conducts himself as if he did not be-lieve them, let him be punished with death." - Rousseau saw plainly enough that Łin order to estab- lish and maintain his state-church everybody would have to belong to it, and that the nonconformity of even one citizen would be fatal to the whole scheme. You might as well permit desertion from an army. If, as the,editors of the New Unity say, every one is born a member of the church as well as of the state, we would like to know what church. The name of the state is found on the map, while that of the church is omitted. The law is in the statute books, but where is the creed? The penalty for disobedience of the statute is prescribed ; will it be visited also upon those who disregard the church canons? If the creed and the code are to be the same thing, they will of necessity be equally binding, and church and state will have equal authority. But the ed-itors of the New Unity may be sure of one thing, namely, that the creed would not be that of the Unitarian Church nor anything like it; and unless they are prepared to as-sume the obligations of a Roman Catholic, they have no business to be advocating an amalgamation of the eccle-siastical and the secular. Catholic Propagation Among Protestants. BY C. H. KESLAKE. Ł LET us all realize that the providence of God has made our country an arena for the champions of the truth. In no section of the world has the truth of God so fair a field as in America." Thus writes "Rev." Walter Elliott, C. P., in the Catholic Mirror. Whatever view Protestants may have with reference to the progress of Catholicism in this country, it is certain that the Catholics themselves are highly pleased with the advancement they have made. They rejoice over the fact that this country presents the fairest field for the propagation of Catholic doctrine that can be found anywhere. It is not without good grounds for it that the Catho-lic Church takes such a hopeful view of the situation. The soil of the world in this nineteenth century of enlight-enment and progression is just as good for the Catholic seed as was that of the fourth and fifth centuries. It is altogether true that no other country has been so fair a field for the truth of God as this country, which, in reality, is to say that never was a field, apparently,  so uninviting to the Catholic religion. When this gov-ernment was started, its founders bounded it in such a way that they hoped Roman Catholic principles would never obtain a foothold here. So far as it could be done in a governmental way, everything was done to shut them out. This is not saying that the Catholics have no right to propagate their religious views in this country. They have just as much right to do this as any other church or denomination. The danger that our fathers foresaw was that the Catholic Church would get hold of the civil power and use it for the furtherance of her own ends. So long as she is deprived of that means she is no more dan-gerous here than any other sect. The steps then taken against the Catholic Church were not against the Catho-lic Church, as such, but against the principle represented by that body; for the principle is just as dangerous when it is fostered under another name. That being so, it was the design to prevent all reli-gious sects from acquiring control, in any way, of the civil power. Only apparently, however, was this country an unin-viting field for Roman Catholicism ; for American history-is furnishing abundant proofs for the statement made above, that the soil of the world- in this nineteenth cen-tury is just as good for the Catholic seed as was that of the fourth and fifth centuries. Ł Years ago a writer who is thoroughly acquainted with this subject, said : "A day of great intellectual darkness has been shown to be favorable to the success of popery. It will yet be demonstrated that a day of great intellect-ual light is equally favorable for its success." ŁThis is the truth ; and so-called Protestantism is doing much to demonstrate it. "Christian citizenship' leagues, higher criticism," and "science, falsely so- called," are doing their work, and the Word of God, the only safeguard against Catholicism, is being undermined, and Protestants are being left without chart and com-pass. For what matters it though there be a thousand Bibles in the home, if the Bible is not studied, and studied too as the Word of God, as indeed it is. With the pretensions that the Catholic Church makes it would not be strange if she should come with some specious arguments supposed to be based upon the Word. And the average Protestant finds himself no match for his wily foe. In the early days of the Reformation it was Protest-antism that was aggressive. But now the papacy feels. that she can be on the aggressive. In the article referred,  to above it is said : "Always, . . . does the Catholic layman find an audience for the truth among his non-Catholic neighbors. Everywhere does the Catholic priest find it easy to secure a public hearing. 'I never yet have-failed,' says Cardinal Gibbons, 'to find our separated brethren not only ready, but anxious to listen to the-claims of the church.'" They see their chance, and they are making the most of it. 