720 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Be Careful. IN speaking of a person's faults, Pray don't forget your own; Remember those with homes of glass Should never throw a stone; If we have nothing else to do But talk of those who sin, 'Tie better we commence at home, And from that point begin. We have no right to judge a man, Until he's fairly tried; Should we not like his company, We know the world is wide. Some may have faults, and wholhaveinot? The old as well as young; Perhaps we may, for all we know, Have fifty to their one. I'll tell you of a better plan, And find it works full well, To try our own defects to cure, Before of others tell. And though I sometimes hope to be Not worse than some I know, My own shortcomings bid me let The faults of others go. Then let us all when we commence To slander friend or foe, Think of the harm one word may be To those who little know. Remember, curses frequently, Like chickens, roost at home; Don't speak of others' faults until You've tried to see your own. ŠPlank and Platform. Studies in French History. Š47. "WELL, boys, I am very much rejoiced to see you once more," said Professor Carman, as Charlie and Rob took their old places with the others in the French His-tory class. After the hearty greetings were over, Charlie White said: "I suppose, professor, that you are getting along pretty fast with the studies. I'm afraid Rob and I can't catch up very soon." "But I suppose you have learned far more while you have been gone than we who have been obliged to stay at home; for I saw by the letter you wrote us that you  were visiting many places of historical interest; perhaps you would be willing to tell us of something you saw which impressed you the most," 'said Professor Car-man. "Well, I will mention one thing which had a sort of horrible interest about it, for us, boys, and that was, that on the 24th day of August last, Rob and I walked up and down the very streets where the poor Huguenots were mowed down like grass in that awful St. Bartholo-mew affair." "Yes," said Rob, "we thought more about it on that day than on any other while we were in Paris, because that is the anniversary. Every time we heard a bell ring all that day it made us start." "The next day after we wrote you the letter, we went over to Rheims, from Paris," said Charlie, "it isn't more than 100 miles, I think, by rail. Rob and I remembered that this is the town where almost all the French kings were crowned." "Fie, Charlie," interrupted Rob, "I don't believe we would either of us have remembered a thing about it, if our interesting old Miguel hadn't told us,Šhe went with us, you know." "I guess Rob is right," smiled Charlie; "for I remem-ber how much Miguel had to say about Joan of Arc, and how she finally managed to get Charles the Victorious over there to be crowned. "We took old Miguel with us because we had got so we could understand him quite well, and he was good and honest. When we first walked through the city gates he said in his funny brogue that 'dis vas de gate' where the English came out and handed the keys of the city to the French king. Miguel used to tell us her sad story over and over." "Did you learn about how large the city of Rheims is at the present time?" asked Professor Carman. Ł`I think father said this morning that it was said to contain about 90,000 people or more," replied Rob. "It is very pleasant just outside the city, for it is real hilly, and on almost all the hills there are pretty vine-yards growing." "Well," said the teacher, "perhaps it would be best to go on with our regular studies now. Of whom were we speaking in our last lesson, Edna?" "I think Cardinal Richelieu was the character we were talking about; he seemed to be a greater man even than King Louis XIII. himself." "He was; for the king was almost constantly under his influence. It was through him that France was placed, as history states, 'at the head of all European nations.' And he did a still better deed for his people than that. He made,  a very vigorous protest against dueling, which in his timeŠthe 17th centuryŠwas get-ting to be horribly common; the cardinal made it a law that any one who was caught fighting a duel should be executed just like any other murderer; and the seconds on both sides should share the same fate." 