Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY 22, 1889. NUMBER 17. cT1112e An2epiew2  ger2th2e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, AEoNzo T. JONES. THE Philadelphia Inquirer of April 25 speaks of Vanderbilt's decision to run no freight trains on Sunday, except such as are absolutely neces-sary, and to run as few passenger trains as pos-sible, noticing the effect that this will have on other roads, and adds:Š " We don't wish to seem irreverent about it, but really it looks as if certain rich men may get into the kingdom of Heaven by way of the New York Cen-tral and Hudson River Railroad, after all." THE Methodist ministers in Minneapolis have been considerably agitated over the question of whether or not they should countenance the camp-meeting held at Red Rock Park, unless the gates should be closed on Sunday, so that no one who patronized a Sunday excursion train could cone in. They finally decided that they would support the meeting if the gates of the park were closed on Sunday. One of the ministers inter-ested in the camp-meeting says that it will be im-possible to keep the gates closed on Sunday, and that it is absurd for people to say that meetings open to the public should not be held on Sunday, simply because trains go by. . He adds: " If this were true, why should the Centenary Church, for instance, be open on Sunday, when people take the motor line to get to the church?" We do not see how the city clergymen can well reply. Their position leaves them open to the suspicion of desiring to have a monopoly of the Sunday services. Which Is the More Dangerous? THE Christian ;Statesman of March 27 says that in a speech at Chicago lately, Mrs. Lucy Parsons declared "that the Socialists want a rev-olution, peaceful or bloody, they care not which." This is just what the National Reformers want; for when, the Ministerial Association of Des Moines, Iowa, in 1886 "resolved that the National Reform Association is an attempt to ac-complish by revolution the Christianizing of the Nation, and therefore meets our disapproval," District Secretary M. A. Gault replied in the Christian Statesman in these words :-- "Whether the Constitution will be set right on the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in gov-ernment, without bloody revolution, will depend en- tirely upon the strength and resistance of the forces of antichrist." And in a meeting held at College Springs, Iowa, Sunday, February 10, 1889, Mr. Gault stated four ways by which influence may be brought to bear to make this a Christian Nation: First,agitation; second, petition; third,by the ballot; fourth, by the sword. And in explaining and justifying the use of the sword he said: " Don't think' we are advocating war; but if we are not faithful in the use of these other means, as it was with the antislavery question, after they had agi-tated and petitioned and used the ballot, they drew the sword ; so shall w4, as a last resort, be compelled to use the sword and the bullet." If there is any difference between the inten-tions and the methods of the Socialists and those of the National Reformers, as officially expressed by M. A. Gault, we are utterly unable to discern it. There is this, however, in favor of the Social- ists, that where they propose bloody revolution schemes, out of sheer, open wickedness, the Na-tional Reformers propose revolution under a form of godliness, making it so much more calculated to play into the hands of Satan. -11. 0 4, Protection to Religious Worship, and the Bible in the Schools. SOME time ago we received from a friend in the East some questions concerning Sunday legisla-tion, and religious teaching in the schools, which had been put to him, and which he could not answer. As they are questions that might be asked to anyone, we print them herewith and give our reply, for the benefit of all:Š " Your position is no civil Sabbath laws. Such a position, carried out with our present influx of foreign element, will soon reduce our present Christian Sab-bath to the level of the Continental SabbathŠa day of excursions, picnics, beer gardens, revelries, and, if desired, make a day of din or confusion right when the majority desire to engage in worship. You cry out against coercion on one side but lose sight of pro-tection on the other. Here are what you would re-gard as two evils, and one or the other of them must be chosen ; hence, would it not be better to have a Sunday law? Is not a village or neighborhood with a Sunday law where things are kept quiet better than one where everything runs riot on Sunday?" " 2. The position of the SENTINEL is no Bible in the schools if objected to by Catholics. Many of our text-books have the name of God in referring to him as Creator, etc. Suppose some atheist objects, shall his objection be sustained ? Some ' fogy' objects to grammar being taught because he don't believe in it; shall his objection be sustained? "Does not the matter of finances, building school-houses, and selection of text-books lie with the majority. ŠIt certainly does. Then if they choose to select the best of all books for a school reader have they not power to do so, even if it does not suit the majority? The first question has been answered many  times, but we will answer it again more in detail. The answer is very simple. The whole point is protection to religious worship on Sunday. This is the great plea that is made in favor of Sunday laws. People must be protected in their right to worship. We say so too ; but there is no neces-sity for Sunday laws in order to secure this undis-turbed worship. To show that this is so, we will make some extracts from the penal codes of a few of the States. Section 302 of the penal code of California reads as follows :Š " Every person who willfully disturbs or disquiets any assembly of people met for religious worship, by noise, profane discourse, rude or indecent behavior, or by any unnecessary noise, either within the place where such worship is held, or so near as to disturb the order and solemnity of the meeting, is guilty of misdemeanor." Such misdemeanor is punishable by " imprison- ment in the county jail not exceeding six months, or by fine not exceeding $500, or both." The Pennsylvania law reads thus :Š " If any person shall willfully or maliciously dis-turb, or interrupt, any meeting, society, assembly, or congregation convened for the purpose of religious worship, or for any moral, social, literary, scientific, agricultural, horticultural, or floral object, ceremony, examination, exhibition, or lecture, such persons shall on conviction be sentenced to pay a fine not exceed-ing $50, and suffer an imprisonment not exceeding three months, or both, or either, at the discretion of the court." Following is the reading of the penal code of New York on this subject:Š " Section 274. Disturbing religious meetings. A per-son who willfully disturbs, interrupts, or disquiets any assemblage of people met for religious worship, by any of the acts enumerated in the next section, is guilty of a misdemeanor. " Sec. 275. Definition of the offense. The following acts, or any of them, constitute disturbance of a relig-ious meeting :Š " 1. Uttering any profane discourse, committing any rude or indecent act, or making any unnecessary noise, either within the place where such meeting is held, or so near it as to disturb the order and solemnity of the meeting. " 2. Engaging in; or promoting, within two miles of the place where a religious meeting is held, any racing of animals or gaming of any description. " 3. Obstructing'in any manner, without authority of law, within the like disturbance, free passage along a highway to the place of such meeting." From the criminal code of Illinois we quote the following:Š " Whoever, by menace, profane swearing, vulgar language, or any unusual conduct, interrupts or dis-turbs any assemblage &people met for the worship of God, shall be fined not exceeding $100. Whosoever, during the time of holding camp or field meetings for religious purposes, within one mile of the place of holding such meeting, hawks or peddles goods, wares, or merchandise, or, without the permission of the authorities having charge of such a meeting, estab-lishes any tent, booth, or other place for provisions or refreshments, or sells or gives away, or offers tq sell or give away, any spirits, liquor, wine, cider, or beer, or 