300 '-1-1-1E AMERICAN SENTINEL. virtue. The Church commands attend-ance at church and mass, promising rich reward for such obedience. Opera ser-vilia are prohibited; opera liberalia are allowed. The German Reformation proceeded from the doctrine that we must first seek the kingdom of God and his righteous-ness, and again established the observ-ance of the Sunday on the basis, not of law, but of the joyful and free worship of God. The Reformers rejected the trans-fer theory, according to which the legal demands of the Decalogue were regarded as applicable to the Christian Sunday, al-though recognizing the moral principle underlying the Sabbath observance. Just as little did the Reformers base this ob-servance on any direct command of Jesus Christ. According to the 28th article of the Augsburg Confession, Sunday is an ecclesiastical custom, a venerable tradi-tional rite. Its basis is found chiefly in the words of Christ which promise bles-sings to those who worship in common, as also in the fact of need of order and sys-tem in church work and worship, and in social and political respect to the welfare of neighbors. This last mentioned item was of leading importance in this connection for the Geneva Reformer. Calvin most emphat-ically demanded a day of rest, but he bases this demand upon Sabbath law as little as Luther does. He regards it as a fact that the observance of the Lord's day is a human ordinance, no matter how em-phatically he insisted upon this period of rest, as an absolute necessity for man and beast. How deeply the Reformers were imbued with this doctrine, can be seen from the fact that they claim for the Church the rights of controlling Sunday. Luther from the beginning made this a _ prominent point. The Church, he says, "could make Friday her Sunday." For the individual, the Reformers emphasize the duty of not departing from the usages and customs of the Church in this regard. " Is God In It?" UNDER the heading, "Exposition Po-etry," the Christian Cynosure has the following :Š The closing stanza of Prof. John K. Paine's " Columbian March and Chorus," to be performed at the dedication of the Exposition buildings at Jackson Park, next month, is as follows :Š All hail and welcome nations of the earth I Columbia's greeting comes from every State, Proclaim to all mankind the world's new birth Of freedom, age on age shall consecrate. Let war and enmity forever cease, Let glorious art and commerce banish wrong, The universal brotherhood of peace Shall be Columbia's high, inspiring song. What we would like to know, Is God in it ? If not, we prefer the older couplet, Š Praise God from whom all blessings flow; Praise him, all creatures here below. Really, we would like to know what is meant by " the world's new birth of freedom," and what is the use of trying to unite all nations in " the brotherhood of peace " without the aid of Chris-tianity ? Will some one, not a pagan, tell us. It is not our purpose to explain the meaning of the expression, "The world's new birth." Mr. Paine could probably do that better than any one else. Neither do we purpose answering any question; but rather to ask one. The Cynosure im-plies that God is not in the " Columbian March and Chorus ;" would he be in it any more if it contained the couplet,Š Praise God from whom all blessings flow; Praise him, all creatures here below. To be more explicit, would a formal  recognition of God by a godless poet and a godless choir be pleasing to the Creator ? Must not all acceptable service be in-spired by faith ? Is it not still true as it was eighteen hundred years ago that " he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him " ? Would God be in the familiar words,Š Praise God from whom all blessings flow, if they did not come welling up from hearts full of praise to him, any more than he was in the same words sung by the thoughtless reporters when Congress adjourned ?ŠCertainly not. Then why does the Cynosure insist upon hypocrisy ? Some Scraps of New England History.* THE SUFFERINGS OF THE QUAKERS. THE last article closed with the state-ment that the laws against the Quakers were not allowed to become a dead letter but were enforced in the regular Puritan way. Just what that way was will ap-pear from the following order issued in 1657 by Governor Endicott :Š To the marshall general or his deputy: You are Ł to take with you the executioner, and repair to the house of correction, and there see him cut off the ' right ears of John Copeland, Christopher Holder, Ł and John Rouse, Quakers, in execution of the sen-tence of the court of assistants for the breach of the law instituted, " Quakers." .In the latter part of the same year the following order was issued by the court :Š Whereas Daniel Southwick and Provided South-wick, son and daughter of Lawrence :Southwick, ' absenting themselves from the public ordinances, have been fined by the courts of Salem and Ips-wich, pretending they have no assistance, and re-solving not to work, the court, upon perusal of the law, which was made upon account of the dates, in answer to what should be done for the satisfac-tion of the fines, resolves that the treasurers of the several counties are and shall be fully empowered to sell said persons to any of the English nation, at Virginia or Barbadoes, to answer the said fines. With this latter sentence there is con-nected an important series of events. As stated in this order, these two persons were son and daughter of Lawrence Southwick. Lawrence Southwick and his wife Cassandra, were an aged couple who had been members of the Salem church until about the close of 1656. They had three children, Joseph, who was a man grown, and the two mentioned above, who were but mere youth. The old gentleman and his wife were arrested at the beginning of the year 1657, upon a charge of harboring Quakers. The old gentleman was released, but as a Quaker tract was found upon his wife, she was imprisoned seven weeks, and fined forty shillings. If they were not Quakers before, this made them such, and likewise some of their friends. A num-ber of them now withdrew from the Sa-lem church, and worshiped by them-selves. All were arrested. Lawrence and Cassandra Southwick and their. son Joseph, were taken to Boston to be dealt with. Upon their arrival there, February 3, without even the form of a trial they were whipped and imprisoned eleven days, the weather being extremely cold. In ad-dition to this, they were fined four pounds and thirteen shillings, for six weeks' ab-sence from church on Sunday, and their cattle were seized and sold to pay this fine. The following summer two Quakers, William Leddra and William Brend, went * Condensed from " Two Republies." to Salem. They, with five others, among whom were the Southwicks who before had suffered, were arrested for meeting to-gether. They were all taken to Boston, and put all together in a room in the prison, of which the windows were boarded up close. Food was denied them, unless they would work to pay for it. " To work when wrongfully confined, was against the Quakers' conscience." They therefore went five days without anything to eat. This, however, was only a part of their sufferings, for on the second day of their imprisonment, they all were severely whipped, and then with raw wounds were thrown back into the close dark room, in the July heat, with nothing to lie upon but the bare boards. On the second clay afterwards they were informed that they could go if they would pay the constable's and jail fees. They refused to pay any-thing. The next day the jailer, in order to force them to yield, took Brend, and with irons bound his neck and heels to-gether, and kept him that way for sixteen hours, from five Ł o'clock in the morning till nine o'clock at night. The next day Brend was put to the mill and ordered to work. He could not have worked if he would, as he could scarcely move; but he would not have worked if he could, and so he refused. Then in a rage " the gaoler took a pitched rope, about an inch thick, and gave him twenty blows over his back and arms with all his strength, till the rope untwisted; then he fetched another rope, thicker and stronger, and told Brend that he would cause him to bow to the law of the country, and make him work. Brend thought this in the highest degree unreasonable, since he had committed no evil, and was wholly unable to work, having been kept five days without eating, and whipped also, and now thus unmercifully beaten. Yet in the morning the gaoler relented not, but began to beat again with his pitched rope on the poor man's bruised body, and foaming at the mouth like a madman, with violence laid four score and seven-teen more blows upon him, as other pris-oners, who beheld this cruelty with grief and passion, reported.' And if his strength and his rope had not failed him, he would have laid on more. He thought also to give him the next morning as many blows more. . . . To what condition these blows must have brought the body of Brend, who had nothing on but a serge cossack over-shirt, may be easily con-ceived. His back and arms were bruised and bleeding, and the blood hanging, as it were, in bags under his arms, and so into one was his flesh beaten that the sign of a particular blow could not be seen. His body being thus cruelly tortured, he lay down upon the boards so extremely weak-ened that the natural parts decaying, and his strength failing, his body turned cold; there seemed, as it were, a struggle be-tween life and death; his senses were stopped, and he had for some time neither seeing, feeling, nor hearing; till at length a divine power prevailing, life broke through death, and the breath of the Lord was breathed in his nostrils." The people now, horrified at the out-rage, would bear no more. A cry was raised, they rushed to the jail, and res-cued the tortured prisoner. This rather frightened the government. Endicott sent his own family doctor to succor Brend, but the surgeon pronounced the case hope-' lessŠthat the flesh would " rot from off his bones," and he must die. The cry of 