202 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it. She says, " Count the words and put the first half on the first table and the second half on the second, and we find the first part going on the first table con-tains our duties to God, and all the rest put on the second table pertains to our duties to man:" that the first part forms the basis for the religious Sabbath and the second half the basis for the civil Sabbath. Now there are ninety-four words in that fourth commandment. To divide these words equally the division must be made including the forty-seventh word. The forty-seventh word is " manservant." All of the command, therefore, up to and in-cluding this word, according to Mrs. Bate-ham's theory, belongs on the first table, as containing our duties to God; and all after that word belongs on' the second table, as pertaining to our duty to man. Now, by what rule is it that the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union will make the words, " nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant,P apply to our relationship to God, and make the words, " nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates," pertain only to our duty to man ? Be-sides, is our relationship toward our cattle our relationship to our fellow-man ? Does man's duty to his cattle pertain to his duty to man ? And by what rule is it that the Union, by Mrs. Bateham, makes our relationship to son, daughter, and manservant pertain to God ? and our re-lationship to maidservant, cattle, and stranger pertain to man ? By what rule is it that these " devout and honorable women" (Acts 13: 50.) make the words, " for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord .1illessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it "Šby what rule is it that they make these words pertain to our duty to man ? Just where is it in these words that our duty to man comes in? How much of our duty to man is involved in. either the fact, or the statement of the fact that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is ? or the fact that he rested the seventh day? or that be blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it ? And if these words pertain to our duty to man, why is it that the words in the first part of the commandment, " six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God in it thou shalt not do any work," do not pertain likewise to man ? In. short if those last words in the commandment pertain to our duty to man, then why is it that all the words in the commandment do not likewise pertain to man ? Why is it then that the whole of the fourth com-mandment does not pertain to man just/ as fully as that part which Mrs. Bateham has assigned to that place ? This is just the logic of the whole " civil " Sunday- law movement. It absolutely denies the divine character and basis of the Sabbath and reduces it wholly to the human. And this is only to destroy the Sabbath just as far as this view of it is accepted. The ten commandments are spoken of in the original Scriptures as the " ten words." Each word is the expression of a distinct thought. And the thought ex pressed in the fourth of the ten words pertains as wholly and as certainly to ow duty to God as any of the three which precede it. " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. In it thou shalt not do any work." Why ? Because God rested the seventh day; in it he did no work. Why keep it holy ? Because " the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." "Six days shalt thou labor and do' all thy work." Why ? " Because in six day the Lord made heaven and earth." It is the Lord alone who is held in view in both the first part arid the last part of this commandment. The first part states the facts, and the last part sim-ply states the reason for observing and commemorating the facts, This word does indeed speak to man of his son, his daughter, his manservant, his maidservant, etc., not because it contem-plates hieduty to man, but because it con-templates his duty to God; contemplates man as the head of the family, and as such responsible to God for the conduct on the Sabbath day, of those under the jurisdic-tion which God bestowed upon man in his headship of the family. So that as a mat-ter of fact, as a matter of truth, not only according to the fourth commandment it-self as God spoke it and wrote it, but ac-cording to all the other Scriptures upon the question, the fourth commandment pertains wholly to man's duty to God as the Creator of the heavens and the earth the sea and all that in them is. It may be indeed that Mrs. Bateham means not the counting and dividing of the words of the fourth commandment alone, but of the whole law, and that thus the division will be made so as to leave on the first table the words, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," while the the rest of that commandment will go upon the second table; but this is not true in the way she states it. In her state-ment it is implied that if the words be counted and evenly divided, only those words of the fourth commandment which say, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," will be left upon the first table. But this is not true in any sense. To count the words of the whole law and divide them evenly, the dividing line comes in the middle of the word " is," in the expression, "the seventh day is the Sabbath," leaving the " i " on the first table and the " s" on the second table." In fact there is no possible way in which either the commandment alone or the ten commandments as a whole can be counted  and divided sous to leave on the first table only those words of the fourth command-ment which Mrs. Bateham implied will be left there by the division which she has suggested. In fact any attempt to divide either the law as a whole, or the fourth commandment alone, as suggested by Mrs. Bateham and published by the Union, only turns the holy law of God into 'Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union non-sense. The truth is, and everybody who will look can see it, that this whole scheme is of the same piece with all the the Sunday-law trickery from beginning to end; and that it is a fraud. More than this, it can read-ily be seen by any one who will look, that in this thing the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, by the hand of Mrs. Bate-ham, has not hesitated to profanely put its officious fingers to that holy document which God. deigned to write with his own finger for the guidance of men; and has presumed to divide, separate and dissect, the fourth of God's ten words, and author-itatively assign to God his portion and to man his portion, according to her arbitrary will. After this what is it that may ever be expected to escape the obtrusive med-dling of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, and especially the Sabbath Observance Department of that Union, when the words which God spoke with his own voice which shook the earth, and wrote with his own finger upon tables of enduring stone, cannot be suffered longer to remain as he spoke them and as he wrote them, but must be divided up and distributed about at their officious and arbitrary will ? And when this is done in order to justify their grasping for power by which they may enforce upon all, their arbitrary views of what pertains to God and man, then what further place is there left for either God or man ? Much has been said, none too much, of the presumptuous arrogance of the Pa-pacy in its tampering with the law of God by which it exalted itself above God; but such action of the Papacy differs not one iota in principle from this piece of tamper-ing with the same law by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. The only difference between this action and that of the Papacy is in degree, for there is no difference in kind. The rest of Mrs. Bateham's answer is just as far from the truth, in the sense in which she means it, as this part which we have noticed. It is true that we legislate against murder, theft, adultery, and bear- ing false witness; but what Ł she means is that this legislation is with respect to the commandments of God, and that it for- bids these things as violations of the com- mandments : but such is not the case in any sense. According to the command- ment, to hate is murder, to covet is to steal, to think impurely is to commit adul-tery. Any government, therefore, that should attempt to legislate upon these 