JUNE 8, 1893. AdvilEur CA N.  gŁ 114N-'11'1[NTIR.1,0 179 the so-called Protestant " evangelical churches." To many of their petitions asking for this legislation was attached the following threat:Š Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other, that we will from this time hence-forth refuse to vote for or support for any office or position of trust, any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind to the World's Fair except on conditions named in these resolutions.--Con-gressional Record, May 25, 1892, page 5144. Many churches by vote declared that they would stay away from the Fair if it were not closed on Sunday. Many churches and church papers went so far as to declare their intention to do what they could to persuade exhibitors to with-hold their exhibits if tie Fair were not closed on Sunday, thus resorting to boy-cotting methods to compass their ends. And these threats of loss of votes and pat-ronage wore not without their weight upon those congressmen who cared more for position.than principle. In the Senate, Senators Hawley, of Connecticut, and Hiscock, of New York, were the most prominent advocates of the measure. Senator Hiscock said :Š If I had charge of this amendment in the inter-est of the Columbian Exposition, I would write the provision for the closure in any form that the re-ligious sentiment of the country demands, and not stand here hesitating or quibbling about it. . . . I would not leave it uncertain whether the Govern-ment might engage in business or not upon the Sabbath-day. Š Congressional Record, July 18, 1892, page 6755. Senator Hawley said :-- There is no use in endeavoring to escape respon-sibility. If the Senate to-day decides that it will not close that Exposition on Sunday, the Exposi-tion will be opened on that day, and you will have offended more than 40,000,000 peopleŠseriously and solemnly offended them. No wise statesman or monarch of modern times, no satrap of Rome, would have thought it wise to fly in the face of a profound conviction of the people he governed, no matter if he thought it a profound error. It is not wise statesmanship to do it. . . . Now, if gentlemen repudiate this, if they desire to reject it, if they deny that this is in the true sense of the word a religious Nation, I should like to see the disclaimer put in white and black and proposed by the Congress of the United States. Write it. How would you write it ? How would you deny that from the foundation of the country, through every fibre of their being, this people has been a religious people? Word it if you dare; advocate it if you dare. How many who voted for it would ever come back here again ? None, I hope.ŠCongres-sional Record, July 12, 1892, page 6700, and July 13. page 6759. It was the same way in the House. A dispatch from Washington to the Chicago Daily Post, April 9, 1892, gave the fol-lowing from an interview with a member of the House committee on the World's Fair :Š The reason we shall vote for it is, I will confess to you, a fear that, unless ve do so, the Church folks will get together and knife us at the polls; andŠwell you know we all want to come back, and we can't afford to take any risks. Do you think it will pass the House ? Yes, and the Senate too. We are all in the same boat. I am sorry for those in charge of the Fair; but self-preservation is the first law of nature, and that is all there is about it. THE CHURCHES FEEL THEIR POWER. By Congress and congressmen thus yielding, these churches knew the State had become the servant of the Church. Rev. J. D. Sands, of the Seventh United Presbyterian Church, Pittsburg, Pa., in a sermon preached July 17, 1892, said:Š That the Church has weight with great. political or governing bodies has been demonstrated most effectually in the late World's Fair matter, when the United States Senate, the highest body in the country, listened to the voice of religion, and passed the World's Fair $5 000,000 appropriation bill with the Church-instituted proviso that the gates of  the great Exposition should not be opened upon Sunday. That grand, good fact suggests to the Christian's mind that if this may be done, so may other equally needful measures. The Church is gaining power continually, and its voice will be heard in the future much oftener than in the past. Rev. H. H. George, D. D., said, in a speech in Paterson, N. J., August 7, 1892, these words :Š I have learned that . Ł . we hold the United States Senate in our hands. And in a meeting held in Lansing, Mich., Dec. 9, 1892, the same speaker again said :Š We can hold Congress in our hands, and wield this country just as we please. And the Christian Statesman of Oct. 1, 1892, thus joyfully exclaimed :Š The forty millions in the Christian homes of the land, the ruling majority when they assert them-selves, have won at least one great moral victory in each of the recent sessions of Congress. . The Sabbath closing victory with which the quarter century closes, shows the way to others that will make the nineteenth go out in glory eight years' hence. For the great Christian majority has learned, by response to its great petition, and its host of letters with reference to the World's Fair, that it can have of national and State governments whatever legislation against immorality it will ask unitedly and earnestly. This Church control over the Govern-ment, over which these men here boast, is a most certain evidence thatŠ CHURCH AND STATE ARE UNWED IN THE UNITED STATES. National Reformers have themselves admitted that this sort of Church domina-tion is a union of Church and State, as note the following words of Rev. J. M. Foster in the Christian Statesman, of Aug. 29, 1889:Š A union of Church and State exists where the Church usurps control over the State, as on the Romish theory, or where the State assumes to es-tablish and control the Church, as in England. The union of Church and State now in existence in the United States is of the Romish kind,Ša veritable image to the Papacy. Chicago Correspondence. The United States Against the Columbian Exposition. SomE months ago it was said in the SENTINEL, that the United States courts might, before the year was passed, be compelled to state their position more defi-nitely upon the points raised, and indi-rectly determined by Justice Brewer's opinion in the decision of the case of the Church of the Holy Trinity of New York vs. the United States, in the United States Supreme Court, decided Feb. 29, 1892. It was said that it might be that this would be brought about through the question of State rights, as to whether Congress has any jurisdiction within the municipality of Chicago by which it may enforce the Sunday-closing proviso attached to the World's Fair appropriation, or lay any penality for its non-observance. k is pos-sible that the time has already come which was looked forward to in those statements previously made, for suit has been com-menced for the Government, looking to the permanent enforcement of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair by decree of the United States Court. The action has been brought for the United States by Thos. E. Milohrist, United States District Attorney for the northern district of Illi-nois, in the United States Circuit Court. Mr. Milchrist sets forth in his bill that he acts in this behalf by the authority of  the United States and brings the bill of complaint against the World's Columbian Exposition, a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Illinois. After narrating the inception of the plan for the holding of the World's Fair and the determination of Chicago as the site upon which it was' to be held, the act of Congress providing for the holding of such an international exhibition in the city of Chicago is cited. The congressional history of the different appropriations made by Congress in be-half of the Fair is then set forth together with the passage of the Sunday-closing proviso attached to the appropriation of the five million souvenir half dollars, and the claim is made that the proviso attached not only to that but to all other appro-priations made bay Congress in behalf of the Exposition. The action of the Local Directory and of the National Commis-sion, in the acceptance of the appropria-tion,of souvenir coins, is then referred to and language of the resolutions passed by each body, respectively, respecting the closing of the Fair on Sunday, as embod-ied in the rules governing the. World's Fair management, and the question of the abiding force of that Sunday-closing reg-ulation treated at length, as follows Your orators further aver that the said rule, as modified, providing for the closing of the Exposi-tion and the gates thereof on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, is now in force; that, by virtue 'of the several acts of Congress here-inbef ore set out and referred to, and by virtue of the acts of the said commission and the said corpo-ration, neither the said Exposition nor the gates thereof can lawfully be opened upon the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; and that neither the said corporation n'or the said commis-sion, acting together or severally, have legal power or authority to change or abrogate the said rule last aforesaid, as modified, or to open the said Ex-position or the gates thereof on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. Your orators further aver that after the accept-ance of the said appropriations by the said corpora-tion as at oresaid the Secretary of the Treasury de-livered to said corporation 8,858,240 Of said coins. Your orators further represent that the said cor-poration and the officers thereof, and the said de-fendants, Harlow N. Higinbotham, D. H. Burnham, Col. Edmond Rice, George R. Davis, and Horace Tucker design and intend to open the said Exposi-tion and the gates thereof for the admission of the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, and'on each Sunday during the re-maindei of the period during which the said Expo-sition is to be held; that in pursuance of such design and intention the Board of Directors of the said corporation, defendants herein, heretofore, to- on the 16th day of May, 1898, passed and ac- oepted the following resolution, ; "The Exposition shall be open for the admission of visitors until the 30th day of October, 1893, on each day of the week, subject, however, to the following regulations for the management and con-duct of the Exposition Sunday: On each and every Sunday the operation of the machinery in Machin-ery Hall shall be suspended as far as practicable. Exhibitors and employes shall be relieved from duty, except so far as their presence is essential and necessary for the protection of property and the public peace, but all employes whose services are required Sunday shall be given one day of rest dur-ing each week. Religious services may be held in Choral and Music Halls at such hours as may be designated and named by the Council of Adminis-tration, and said council shall have authority to arrange for such services. The fee of admission on all days of the week is hereby fixed at fifty (50) cents for adults and twenty-five (25) cents for chil-dren between the ages of 6 and 12 years." And your orators further show unto your honors tha,t the said corporation and the officers thereof, and the said other defendants, have given out to the public that the said Exposition and the gates thereof will be open on Sunday, the 28th day of May, A. D. 1893, to the public; and your orators aver that they have good cause to believe, and verily believe, that, unless the said defendants are restrained by the order of this honorable court from opening the said Exposition and the gates thereof to the public on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday; and each Sunday during the continuance of said Exposition, the said defendants 