"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JANUARY, 1887. NUMBER 1. I42,2 An2eFicar2 geOirrl. TIMUSHED IfONTIILY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Post-offee in' Oakland. THE Protestant doctrine touching the right of private judgment, is not that opposite doc-trines may both bo true, but it is that there is on the face of the earth no visible body to whose decrees men are bound to submit their private judgment on points of faith.Šilfacau-lay. Ł -1* National Reform in the South. THE Christian Statesman says that recently National Reform " Secretary " Weir " has met with a cordial welcome for the sake of his cause," in Maryland and Virginia, and thereby "has been convinced that the work ought to be carried at once into the Southern States." The Statesman and Mr. Weir are both way behind the times. If they had carefully read the SENTINEL they would have learned that National 'Reform has already begunŠmore than a year agoŠin the Southern States. Both in Arkansas and in Tennessee, quite a goodly .number of people have been fined and imprisoned, within the past year, for worship-ing God according to the dictates of their own consciences. But if Secretary Weir or some -other leading National Reformer should go down there, we have no doubt that the good work could, by organization, be greatly pro-moted; and their ebullient zeal made much more effective in rooting out heresy. For the information of whoever of the "Secretaries" shall go to the South, we would state that ho will certainly find at Springville, Arkansas; Paris, Tennessee; and Atalla, Alabama, a cor-dial welcome for the sake of his cause. He would do well to make these places his head-quarters. At Paris there are now honest Christian men lying in prison for conscience' sake; in Springville the same thing has been; and in Atalla there is an earnest desire on the part of certain persons that it shall be. Also in Worcester, Massachusetts, there are men who aro soon to be compelled to stand trial for conscience' sake; we would direct the National Reformers to that city as a promising field. WO would advise all the "District Secretaries" to become subscribers, and regular readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. They can thus keep well informed in regard to all the particularly good openings for the display of their activities for ''National :Reform The "American Sentinel," Volume 2. THE first volume of the AMERICAN SENTINEL met with as great favor as could be expected, or even desired. True, its circulation was not nearly as large as it should have been, but was as large as could reasonably be expeCted under the circumstances. It has had a great many intelligent and appreciative readers; and many have confessed themselves en-lightened upon the subject of which it treats, and have become aroused to the importance of the subject, and to the danger which im-pends over our beloved country from the strenuous efforts which are being made to unite Church and State in this land. Volume Two is commenced under more ,fa- vorable auspices. Friedatikave been raised up who are pledged to aid in extending its circu-lation. We have reason to confidently look for a largely increased subscription list for 1887. The progress of the National Reform party, and the course of the Christian Statesman, the organ of that party, we have carefully watched for about a score of years. We have marked every phase of the agitation of the question of a Religious Amendment of the Constitution of the United States, and closely studied the arguments by which that party seeks to accomplish its ends. That many of those people think they are laboring for the glory of God, and for the upbuilding of the kingdom of Christ, does not turn their soph-istries into truths, nor lessen the danger which their movement threatens. The ulti-mate action of the InquisitionŠthe burning of hereticsŠwas named an act of faith." The Saviour forewarned his followers that the time would come when "whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." John 16 : 2. Zeal for the church and for the cause of God, led Saul to persecute the Christians; but that did not remove the guilt of the perse-cutors, nor lighten the stones by which Ste-phen was put to death. Considering the magnitude and the rapid growth of the Religious Amendment move-ment, it is surprising that so little attention has been paid to it by the secular press. The public press ought always to bo the advocate of the people's rights---the vigilant guardian of our liberties. Some of the newspapers have highly commended the SENTINEL, while others have expressed their surprise that any-body considered the movement worthy of so much notice. We fear that the majority of the papers will utterly ignore this subject un-til our dearest liberties are subverted, and the way is opened for the scenes which marked  "the dark ages" of European history to be re-enacted in America. While we have followed the Amendmentists in the announcements of their purposes, in their platform, their published speeches, their sermons, editorials, etc., they have studiously avoided meeting our arguments, concealing them from their readers. They only meet us with repeated sneers at, what they are pleased to term, our ignorance of the Bible, of history, of the principles of civil government, and even of their own intentions. It may bo gratifying to their self-complacency to hide themselves behind slurs and insinuations; but the popularity of their cause will not always prove a shield for their course. They have declared, with great assurance, that they have not given us much notice be- cause our arguments "do not meet the ques- tion." But we appeal to the readers, both theirs and ours: What is the point which we have to meet? Where shall it be found? We propose to briefly re-examine some of the po-sitions which they have taken before the pub- lic, and if we do not both touch the question, and fully meet it, we invite them, one and all, to point out our failure. The National Reform Convention held in Pittsburg, Pa., Feb. 4, 5, 1874, was the largest of the kind that was ever held, and the States- man says the report of its proceedings is "more full of life than either of the others." Hon. Felix R. Brunot, president of the Na- tional Association, was chosen president of this convention. On.  taking the chair, Presi-dent Brunot delivered an address, in which he quoted verbatim from the published principles of the Association, as follows:Š " We propose such an Amendment to the Constitution of the United States (or its pre-amble) as will suitably acknowledge Almighty God as the author of the nation's existence and the ultimate source of its authority, Jesus Christ as its ruler, and the Bible as the su:.. preme rule of its conduct, and thus indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land.'" This paragraph expresses the very "sum and substance" of the aims and designs of the Religious Amendment party. A more clear and explicit expression of the object of that party could not be made. As wo will further show, in another article, this is the point of their movement. Now we inquire: Have we mistaken "the point" aimed at by the Religious Amendment-ists? Surely we have not. President Brunot, speaking for the Association and the conven-tion, says, "We propose"Šand then follows 