AMERICAN SENTINEL. 615 other channel, as when force is used; the only difference between such intolerance and force being the lack of opportunity. The Spirit of God is the only medium God has ever chosen to influence the will of man, and He will always be revealed as it pleases God and not always as it may please man. The crisis that meets us to day rests upon the awful truth that Satan has influenced the education of the world so long that he has endowed humanity, in the main, with his desires and ambitions; and has fired man with an unholy zeal to stand for the individuality of his fellowmen, and great liberty is promised the world in exchange for its greatest of all libertyŠthe liberty of conscience. But God has said of these that "while they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption; for of whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought into bondage." Satan having brought the world into bondage to himself, his system can do nothing less than place his subjects in bondage to one another. Therefore in the apostate churches, acid the state as well, we find mind against mind, will against will, and force against force; for where bondage exists there must of necessity be an unceasing struggle for the supremacy. In the great spiritual warfare carried on by the church against the state, the state is the weaker power, and is brought into bondage to the church by the rep-resentatives of the church becoming the representatives of the state. It does not matter whether the represent-ative is a professor of any special religion or not; his mission is to be a willing tool under the powerful hand of the church. Therefore the gist of the matter is that the church in swallowing up the state has brought her-self into a bondage that is bound to augment her strife for supremacy; and not only this: it has established a system of self worship which is nothing less than pagan worship. By this it is easy to see that a union of church and state is idolatry; and the record says, that all the world will bow to idols (worship the beast and his image), save they whose names are written in the Lamb's book of life. The "beast" possesses the characteristics of the "dragon" (paganism), and the "image" is like the "beast"; therefore there is no difference between,  these powers except in name, and the only difference between their idolatry is in their form of worship. The men who are to day battling for recognition of God by the state, are working for a religion of force, which is idolatry; and there is not a political issue of any importance that comes before the nation in which this thing is not in some way a factor. Therefore the Seventh-day Adventist who in politics, or in any other way, becomes a part of the great machinery of state, has yet to learn to stand fast "in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free." 0, may the God of heaven help his people to love liberty and truth; and even now may we accept the grace that will forever separate us from Babylon, to stand "fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners." How the New Testament Conquered. London "Christian Herald." A ROMAN CATHOLIC priest in. a village near Morlax, France, warned his flock that he had power to give absolution to any of them who might be guilty of theft, lying, or any other sin; but if any of them were guilty of reading the New Testament, he could not ab-solve them. In the audience was a young man who, from his violent conduct, was the terror of the village, even his parents having to defendthemselves against their son. This young man, hearin^ Pie priest's statement, said to himself: "I have committed all the sins the priest has mentioned, yet he will give me absolution for all, if I do not read the book. What kind of a book can this be? I am going to get one and read it." When he went to the,'colporter, the man, knowing his character, at first refiteed, thinking he was only jest-ing; but when he saw the he was in earnest and ex-plained his reasons, be gave him one. A few days afterward his mother said: "How is it that Jean is so quiet and sober lately? He is never drunk, and retires to his own room after dinner." The father replied, "I don't know, but I will follow him." The next day, going quietly to the door of his son's room, he found him intently reading a book. He returned and told the mother, "He is in his room reading some book; I believe it is a New Testa-ment." She replied, "If that is all the harm the New Testa-ment is doing, ask him to come and read it to us. Per-haps we shall get some good from it." He came and did so. God blessed the reading to the father, mother, and lastly to himself. The mother sent to the missionary, saying: "I will take the furniture out of one of my rooms and place chairs in it if you will come and read the Word of God to the neighbors, and tell them, though the priest re-fuses to give them absolution, God has forgiven us, and will also forgive them." The missionary 'did so, and God blessed the telling of the old, old story to many-souls. Some time after this the rn'ilyor sent for the mission-ary, and said; -"I don't know how it is, but when the Bible went into that house it was the pest of the village, but now it is the paradise of the place." This proves that the Word of God is still "quick and powerful, and sharper than any two edged sword, pierc-ing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and _ of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." Heb. 4:12. "Civintz&TioN" says, Might;. -akes right. Christian-ity says, Right is might. 