THE AlVIER ICAN SENTINEL. 159 THE Central Presbytery of Dakota is reported as having memorialized the Presbyterian General Assembly, which meets at Portland, Oregon, that "in case the gates should be opened on Sunday the Assembly should earnestly request all its ministers and people to absent themselves from the Fair." Tho Pittsburg Preachers' anarchistic brew, the organized boycott, is developing its poisonous fer-ment far and wide. THE Washington Post, of May 10, says that " the usual flood of petitions in reference to the World's Fair was poured into the regular channel of the Senate yesterday morning." The Post remarks that the petitions were about equally divided in their .requests that Congress should, and should not, take action to close the World's Fair on Sunday, and suggestively notes that a "mass-meeting of Protestant clergymen, of Tennessee," arrays itself in favor of enforced religion at the Exposition, and a company of "Sabbath-keepers," of Vermont, in opposition. THE Washington Evening Star says, "The ques-tion of Sunday closing of the World's Fair is one which should be decided in accordance with the popular preference." Does the Star mean to say that whether Congress shall legislate to close it or not should be decided by the popular clamor ? Shall Congress give its sanction to any measure, however unconstitutional or vicious it may be, provided only a "popular preference" be expressed in its favor ? The Star would do well to consider whether or no principles should not govern in con-gressional legislation rather than preferences. THE International Federation for the Observance of Sunday, whose office is at Geneva, through their secretary, who was also secretary of the Sunday Rest Congress held during the Paris Exposition, have sent a memorial to the directors of the World's Exposition at Chicago. In this memorial they urge very earnestly that the Exposition be closed on Sunday for the benefit of the large number of employes, who will not only be allowed a time of physical rest, but will be enabled thus to discharge properly their religious duties. They also urge that the decision will have a serious influence upon Europe, where the lovers of Sunday rest are striv-ing by the means of congresses and associations to promote everywhere the wise use of the day. IN the Senate, on May 5, when presenting "a memorial of citizens of East Hardwick, Vt., remon-strating against the passage of any bill or resolu-tion to close the World's Columbian Exposition on Sunday, or in any other way to commit the Gov-ernment to a course of religious legislation," Senator Morrill said: "It is clear that this question is a mixed one. If the World's Fair should be closed on Sunday, it would virtually exclude all the workmen in Chicago from any reasonable oppor-tunity to visit it." While the Senator's remark as to the workmen of Chicago may be true, that is not the ground upon which the legislation asked should be refused, but because it is asking Congress to interfere where it has no jurisdiction, and in matters outside the sphere of civil legislation. THIS Congress has been besieged with petitions from the advocates of religious legislation begging for the passage of the different measures for the enforcement of Sunday observance before it, but more especially that Congress should take some action which would result in closing the World's Fair on Sunday. Congressmen who recognize the impropriety of any such legislation by Congress have asked, "Are there no petitions in opposition to this ?" Of late such petitions have begun to be heard, mostly worded as follows, " We, the under-signed, citizens of the United States, hereby re-spectfully but decidedly, protest against the Con-gress of the United States committing the United States Government to a union of religion and the  State in the passage of any bill or resolution to close the World's Columbian Exposition on Sunday, or in any other way committing the Government to a course of religious legislation." Those who desire printed blanks can obtain them by writing to A. 0. Tait, Corresponding Secretary National Religious Liberty Association, Battle Creek, Mich. ,IN the proceedings of the Senate, May 6, is the following :Š " Mr. McMillan presented a petition, signed by the ice companies of the District of Columbia, praying for the passage of Senate bill 2994 to pre-vent the sale or delivery of ice within the District of Columbia on Sunday, and also praying for the early consideration of the bill by the Committee on the District of Columbia, and the privilege of being heard before that committee in behalf of the bill; which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-trict of Columbia. He also presented the petition of Rev. W. A. Bartlett, D. D., and other ministers of all denominations in the District of Columbia, praying for the passage of Senate bill 2994 to pre-vent the sale or delivery of ice on Sunday; which was referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia." FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni-versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in corn mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Boxy ST., NEW Youx. SAFETY PENCIL. POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. PRICES. Russia leather, for 2 pens 3 Sealskin, 2 CC 3 CC Russia leather, for 4 CC Sealskin, 4 10c. 15c. 15c, 25c. 25c. 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York. Or Oakland, Cal. FATHERS OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. BY E. J. WAGGONER. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOTV TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the princi-ples of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adop-tion of these principles by prominent men in the church, and the incautious lowering of the standard of pure Christianity, developed the Papacy, which was simply a new phase of pa-ganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English cloth, sub-stantially bound, contains about 400 pages, and will be sent post-paid for $1.00. SACRED CHRONOLOGY. BY SYLVESTER BLISS. This work treats of the Elements of Chronology, the different systems, and the various eras, and gives the chronology of the principal events recorded in sacred history from the creation, till the death of St. John. It also contains a vindication of the numbers of the Hebrew Scriptures. As an aid to investigation it is invaluable. The book has been thoroughly revised, and an entire chapter added, on the PEOPLING OF THE EARTH. This chapter is an exposition of the tenth chapter of Genesis, and gives an outline of the beginning of history and THE ORIGIN OF NATIONS. No student of history can well be without this book. 300 pages, cloth binding, with side stamp, $1.00. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought clown to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Cloth, $1. 25. Sheep, $2. 50. g2B,-The above named books will be sent post paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. Or Oakland, Cal, 43 Bond St., New York City. 