458 AMERICAN SENTINEL. appealed to the Greek ecumenical patriarch at Constan-tinople for recognition denied it by the head of the Rus-sian Church. "These Raskolniks number 25,000,000. The whole dissension is due to a difference of opinion as to how the sign of the cross should be made. "In the orthodox Russian Church the bishops and priests make the sign of the cross with the thumb, index finger and middle finger united. The Raskolniks persist in making it with the thumb bent toward the little fin-ger, while the index and middle fingers, closely united, are extended toward heaven. "In addition to this difference, which is considered to be most vital in the saving of men's souls, another point at issue concerns infant baptism. In the proces-sion around the baptismal font, the orthodox priests pass to the left, while the Raskolniks insist on marching around to the right. "The Raskolniks have appointed a deputation to wait upon the high patriarch of the Greek Church at Constantinople and demand that the Holy Synod recog-nize the authority of their clergy, and thus give them standing. "It has been the custom of the Greek Church not to interfere with the schisms in the Russian Church, but leave them to settlement by the Russians themselves. So unless the rule is changed, theRaskolniks may find them-selves excommunicated." The less the point in dispute amounts to in itself, and the less the disputants know about it one way or the other, the more violent the dispute becomes, and the more serious are its consequences. This has always been true of disputes between factions in the church. The real point at issue, however, is not one of truth or error, but the question of which faction shall gain the supremacy. And this can never be a cause of strife be-t ween ,true Christians. A War of Revenge. DESPITE the many efforts on the part of "the better class of citizens" to drown the slogan "Remember the `Maine,'" and to make the world believe that "this Christian nation" waged war with the Christian nation of Spain solely on the ground of sympathy with down-trodden Cuba, there is ever coming to the surface the one underlying purposeŠrevenge. The administration was doing everything possible to avert war, and claimed a fair prospect of accomplishing the then desired object--Cuban independenceŠby diplomacy, until the "Maine" incident; then the people could no longer be restrained. And in the front rank of the clamorers for revenge were "Christian" clergymen and "Christian" periodicals. The latest bit of incidental evidence that revenge was the motive power of the war in naval circles, as well as among citizens at large, is an article in the New Voice of July 1, by William Wallace Whitelock, chief yeoman and captain's clerk of the gunboat "Gloucester." The subject is,. "On board the Gloucester with Wainwright,"  and the chief topic is Captain Wainwright himself, who was executive officer of the "Maine" at the time of her destruction in Havana harbor. Of him the writer says:Š "As executive officer of the 'Maine' at the time of her destruction, he had earned the right of avenger, and when the hour of reckoning came on the third of July, he was waiting at the harbor entrance, ready for his part in the drama." Further on, speaking of the position of the "Glouces-ter" in the engagement, the writer says:Š "There was no safety save in aggressiveness, so that unwittingly Capiain Wainwright did more for us by his daredevil policy than he could have done other-wise. I have a suspicion, however, that he was not thinking much either of our safety or of his own; he was thinking of the 'Maine,' and of his duty to his country." Before the war, independence was lauded as the ideal condition for the Cuban people, but as soon as the "Maine" was avenged, and Cuba was wrested from the domination of Spain, our "Christian-civilization" idea of good government precluded even the experiment of in-dependence. Cuba was too little to walk alone amid the great Christian nations of earth. Since the "grab bag" has become an institution of raising means for the propagation of the modern gospel of peace, Cuba is not safe while the Christian nations are fishing for chances. Our fostering hand is needed to protest her resources, and her people ought to be happy in the prospect of being cared for by their superiors! This country has had her revenge, and the Cubans ought to be satisfied, as they are too weak to indulge in such luxury. If they will be good, and give their consent to being governed by other people, they may yet become a part of the great republic(?). W. N. GLENN. Catholic "Indulgences." EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: A Catholic family has just moved into the house with us and they have a framed image of the Virgin Mary. On the back of the frame is pasted a piece of paper on which is printed the following:Š "SHRINE TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. "This shrine has been issued to commemorate one of the most touching and beautiful incidents of that most fearful and disastrous flood which swept Johns-town from amongst the cities of the country. The small but beautiful image of this Shrine is a copy of the famous, we may almost say miraculous, statue, which adorned one of the Johnstown churches, and which, amid the crashing of walls and towers of the sacred edifice and the angry roar of the devouring waters, alone remained uninjured, as though she, the Immaculate mother of God and Star of the Sea, was unwilling to leave her children in the fearful hour of their peril. The 