VEBROARY 15, 1891. mb CAN worse than before. To be converted to the principles and precepts of such clergy was only the more deeply to be damned. Into the " converted " barbarians, the Catholic system instilled all of its super-stition, and its bigoted hatred of heretics and unbelievers. It thus destroyed what of generosity still remained in their minds while it only intensified their native fe-rocity; and the shameful licentiousness of the papal system likewise corrupted the purity, and the native respect for women and marriage which had always been a noble characteristic of the German nations. In proof of this it is necessary only to touch upon the condition of Catholic France under Clovis and his successors. " It is difficult to conceive a more dark and odious state of society than that of France under Merovingian kings, the descendants of Clovis, as described by Gregory of Tours. . . . Throughout, assassinations, parricides, and fratricides intermingle with adulteries and rapes. " The cruelty might seem the mere in-evitable result of this violent and unnat-ural fusion; but the extent to which this cruelty spreads throughout the whole society almost surpasses belief. That king Chlotaire should burn alive his rebellious son with his wife and daughter, is fearful enough; but we are astounded, even in these times, that a bishop of Tours should burn a man alive to obtain the deeds of an estate which he coveted. Fredegonde sends two murderers to assassinate Childe-bert, and these assassins are clerks. She causes the archbishop of Rouen to be mur-dered while he is chanting the service in the church; and in this crime a bishop and an archdeacon are her accomplices." " MARRIAGE was a bond contracted and broken on the slightest occasion. Some of the Merovingian kings took as many wives, either together or in succession, as suited either their passions or their pol-i tics." The papal religion " hardly interferes even to interdict incest. King Chlotaire demanded for the fist the third part of the revenue of the churches; some bishops yielded; one, Injuriosus, disdainfully re-fused, and Chlotaire withdrew his de-mands. Yet Chlotaire, seemingly un-rebuked, married two sisters at once. Charibert likewise married two sisters : he, however, found a churchmanŠbut that was Saint GermanusŠbold enough to rebuke him. This rebuke the king (the historian quietly writes), as he had already many wives, bore with patience. Dagobert, son of Chlotaire, king of Aus-tria, repudiated his wife Gomatrude for barrenness, married a Saxon slave Mathil-die, then another, Regnatrude; so that he had three wives at once, besides so many concubines, that the chronicler is ashamed to recount them." II THIS did the papacy for the barbarians whom she "converted; " and such as she could not thus corrupt she destroyed. And this is how she " civilized " the bar-barians. The truth is the barbarians were compelled, wearily, to drag them-selves toward civilization, weighed down and retarded by this terrible incubus. They were thus compelled to grope their way, and drag both themselves and her toward civilization and Christianity in-stead of being helped by her in any sense. What she did with those whom she could --- d /dem, pars. 33, 34. not corrupt, and what she did within her own proper sphere in the way of civiliza-tion, we shall see next week. A. T. J. Turning Their Attention to Protestants. THE Northwestern Chronicle (Roman Catholic) has the following, relative to the plan of campaign for the " conver-sion " of Protestants :Š The so-called " Paulist idea " of preaching the gos-pel to everybody has been taken up by Fathers Cress, of Bowling Green, Ohio, and Wonderly, of North Baltimore. Beginning in a town of only two Catholic families among some thousands of inhabitants, they first stated the Christian rule of faith and the Chris-tian rule of life and having invited questions and free discussion were kept busy solving difficulties and refuting objections for about an hour. These turned chiefly on the invocation of saints, the infallibility of the church, and the baptism of infants. The Meth-odist minister had announced a special prayer-meeting for that evening, but finding his congregation alto-gether too small he concluded to follow his parish-oners to the Catholic meeting. The priests were thanked by a unanimous vote of the gathering for their services and requested to come again. And why not ? If Rome is simply " one of the grand divisions of the Re-deemer's army," as many " Protestants " now maintain, why not as well be a Catholic as a Methodist or a Presbyterian ? Rome's New Policy. ROME is fast coming to the front in this country, and to accomplish her ends, she is adapting herself to the situation with such consummate skill that few will per-ceive her designs till everything is forced to surrender to her power. Her present policy is well illustrated by facts that have been developed recently in the State of Iowa, and it will be worth while to look into this little game of blinding a great nation and bringing it to the feet of Rome. In the Iowa State Register, of December 3, 1893, is published a letter from the local Catholic priest that should open the eyes of Protestants. Appearing as it does in the State Republican paper, issued at Des Moines, and having a large influence throughout the State, it indicates some things in the situation that call for serious attention. The fact should never be forgotten that " Rome never changes." The fact that she changes her attitude and methods of working is no sign that she has changed her principles or purpose. If she fawns upon Protestantism, it is only because molasses will draw flies better than vin-egar. And Protestants should not forget this, or else they will find themselves wholly in the power of Rome ere they know it. Ex-Priest Slattery and wife were adver-tised to lecture in Des Moines on Catholi-cism and its iniquities, the first week in December. They had been mobbed in several western cities shortly before, and Father J. F. Nugent, Roman Catholic priest of Des Moines, evidently thought that another mobbing would only tend to give them still greater notoriety, and hence he wrote a letter advocating another line of action. In this letter he presents some lines of thought that will simply captivate many ProtestantsŠor, rather, those who should be Protestants, for those who will drink in the things said by him, cannot be Protestants in anything but name. After stating that the city papers had announced the coming of Ex-Priest Slattery and wife, and their purpose, he says :Š It is nothing to us when these parties come or go,  neither do we consider it our affair what they talk about, that is, so far as we ourselves are concerned. We would not notice their visit to our city, only we believe the interests of the Catholics demand it. He then gives this advice to the Cath-olics :Š I would say to the Catholics of the city and adjoin-ing towns: . . . Hold no arguments or discus-sions about them, or about anything they may say. These men do the Protestants no good and they can do the Catholic Church no harm. Evidently this advice was very generally heeded, for the Register, the next morning after Slattery went away, published the following words in an editorial :Š The people of Des Moines, both Protestant, Catholic, and those neither Protestant nor Catholic are to be congratulated in refusing to be stirred up by a religious adventurer. This editor is a Methodist Episcopal Church member, and he congratulates the people because they would not be stirred up by these startling truths told about the iniquity and abominations of the Catholic Church. Nor was this all; this Methodist Episcopal Church member and editor accepted the letter of the Catholic priest against Slattery and his work, but refused to publish a reply from Slattery. Now we are not saying that all the ex-priest and his company said, was said in the right way, or that they are even work-ing on the right principle; but this we do know, that weak-kneed Protestantism bowed to the papacy when it published the letter of the priest, and then refused to publish the reply of the ex-priest. Fairness would at least demand that if one had a hearing the other should. And then to add shame to the whole thing, Protestants are congratulated because they refuse "to be stirred up" by a knowledge of Rome's determined purpose to rule this country. Is there danger from Rome ? Let Rome answer. But heaven save the poor, blind Protestants who tell her to her face that she does not mean what she says when she declares that this country be-longs to her, and that it is her purpose to possess herself of that which rightfully belongs to her. Rome's demands are loud and plain, yet Protestants sleep on, think-ing themselves secure. Or is the trouble along another line; has Rome already so far gotten things in her own hand, that Protestants dare not say No to any of her demands, or reply to any of her insults ? This letter states that ex-priests who go from place to place warning the people of the terrible iniquity of Rome, have been furthered on and have obtained success through the abuse and violence offered them by Catholics themselves. He says, " Some priests who ought to be generals showed no more tactics than the rabble. Ł . . We feel confident that these mis- takes will not be repeated." That is, " When these warning voices will not keep silence through threats and violence, we will treat them so kindly that they really cannot say anything against us or our work." But all this is for an object. Rome's millions have been assembling in this country for years, with just one object in view, the complete subjugation of the nation. To-day they claim the land as theirs by right of discovery, and openly assert that all the real advancement of the last century has been directly through their labors and wisdom. And professed Protestants dare not open their mouth or wield their pen to show the truth and oppose this work of evil deception, but will rather congratulate themselves and the Catholic Church for the wonderful things the papal power is doing right 