148 AMERICAN SENTINEL. say some readers of the SENTINELŠ" whether the United States annexed the Philippine Islands or not." We ask all such whether it makes any difference to them if the United States, in annexing those islands, repudiates those foundation principles of government under which they have enjoyed civil and religious liberty hitherto, and which alone promise them that liberty for the future. When those principles of republicanism shall have been repudiatedŠit matters not in what wayŠrepubli- can,  government in the United States will be at an end, and nothing in American government will be left to which appeal can be made against civil or religious op-pression. The policy of imperialism involves a complete repu-diation of the principle that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. Imperial-ism says not "the consent of the governed," but "the con-sent of some of the governed." That doctrine is as true in one part of the earth as in another; it is as true in the United States as in the Philippine Islands. If it is practiced in the one place, it must also prevail in the other. When some years ago a tide of religious persecution arose in this country, through the enactment and en-forcement of Sunday laws, a coming crisis was betokened in American government. That was a startling thing, and the AMERICAN SENTINEL was established to endeavor to prepare the people to meet the issue. There was a movement which, if it continued, would finally involve a national repudiation of those principles of free govern-ment under which the people of this country had enjoyed civil and religious liberty. But even more startling is it when now, within a single year, that national repudia-tion of those principles has all but come. We now know, as we did not before, to what extent the nation has drifted away from the principles of freedom toward those of despotism, and how near we are to the complete ful-fillment of what has been predicted of it. We had thought that every reader of the SENTINEL understood that it was the mission of the SENTINEL to contend for these principles, and to warn against the consequences of repudiating them. We are surprised therefore to find there are any readers of the SENTINEL who, when the principle of government by the consent of the governed is directly repudiated, do not see that the SENTINEL ought to say anything about it. We can only conclude that, as concerns their own interests and the interests of others in the issues before them, such persons are asleep. But "Now it is high time to awake out of sleep." Rom. 13:11. IN the clash between the Americans and Filipinos it is reported that 4,000 of the natives were "benevolently assimilated."ŠDetroit Free Press. Pope Leo's Denial. "THE Roman Catholic Church of to day is not what it was in the Dark Ages," is a belief widely entertained, and a saying oft expressedŠin actions if not in wordsŠ by modern Protestants. We are told that the Catholic Church has changed; has become liberal, etc. We are as- sured that even if this is not true of the Catholic Church in general, it must at least be true of that church in the United States. We call the attention of these Protestants and all others to the fact that all this is now expressly denied by Pope Leo himself. The pope has written .a letter to Cardinal Gibbons on "Americanism." This letter was called forth by a book written by Rev. Walter Elliott, of the "Paulist Fathers," giving an account of the life and teachings of "Father" Isaac Hecker, the founder of the Paulist order. "Father" Hecker was the leading exponent of views to which in general the term "Americanism" came to be applied. Of these the pope's letter says:Š "The underlying principle of these new opinions is that, in order to more easily attract those who differ from her, the church should shape her teachings more in accord with the spirit of the age and relax some of her ancient severity and make some concessions to new opin-ions. Many think that these concessions should be made not only in regard to ways of living, but even in regard to doctrines which belong to the deposit of the faith. They contend that it would be opportune, in order to gain those who differ from us, to omit certain points of her teaching which are of lesser importance, and to tone down the meaning which the church has always attached to them. It does not need many words, beloved son, to prove the falsity of these ideas, if the nature and origin of the doctrine which the church proposes are recalled to mind." The letter then goes on to say of "Americanism" thatŠ "If by this name are to be understood certain endow-ments of mind which belong to the American people, just as other characteristics belong to various other nations, and if, moreover, by it is designated your political con-dition and the laws and customs by which you are gov-erned, there is no reason to take exception to the name. But if this is to be so understood that .the doctrines which have been adverted to above are not only indi-cated, but exalted, there can be no manner of doubt that our venerable brethren the bishops of America, would be the first to repudiate and condemn it as being most in-jurious to themselves and to their country. For it would give rise to the suspicion that there are among you some who conceive and would have the church in America to be different from what it is in the rest of the world." The Catholic "Church in America" is not "different from what it is in the rest of the world"Šin Ecuador, Peru, or Spain, for example. "Liberal" Protestants, mark that. And this is not all; the pontiff takes equal care to 