qural and &xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever Mate or cersuasion, religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, AUGUST 25, 1892. NUMBER 33. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE greatest thing in this world is the opportunity here offered to inherit eternal life. The greatest gain to be had here is the inheritance of the here-after. But the world that is to come be-langs to the Son of God. To inherit with him it is necessary to accept salvation through him, and receive his righteous-ness. Righteousness is godliness. In godliness there.is, therefore, great gain. Š0Š GODLINESS is profitable. It is all-profit-able. It is a sure defense for this life and it bears within it the certain promise of the life that is to be. He that has godli-ness certainly has great gain, for it is the sixth in the list of Christian graces which Peter enumerates, that by diligence are to be added one to the otherŠfaith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godli-ness; and to this great attainment the apostle yet adds brotherly kindness and charity. This surely is much. Š0Š IN all the gain of godliness, however, there is no concrete thing mentioned. All the steps which reach up to it, and all its fruits, are spiritual,Šcertainly so far as their present earthly realization is con-cerned. The profit of godliness is all in spiritual growth and in the inheritance promised to the faithful, which is not of this world, but is to be laid up where moth and rust do not corrupt, and where no thief has entrance. The injunction is, " lay not up treasures on earth "Šthen godliness and its fruits are not concrete, of the earth, earthy. They are not gold and silver bullion or souvenir coins, for the time is to come when these precious  metals will corrode in the rich man's safety vaults, and no multiple, even, of his many millions will suffice to buy him a cooling draught in that great day of the wrath of the Lord. In that day, Job tells us, there is no hope for the hypocrite however great his earthly gain. He has sold his soul. -0- WHAT shall it profit a man, if he lose his soul? Can a man bargain with God for his soul for a money price? How many souls can he ransom for five mil-lions of silver half dollars. To whom is this bribe due? To God, or to Satan? Or to the municipality of Chicago? Or to the Directors and stockholders of the World's Fair corporation? Are the stock-holders of the World's Fair paid two and a half millions of dollars to do right, and is this the kind of gain which is the result of godliness? Does godliness re-ceive " concrete " returns such as this? Do the godly promise to the godly such rewards as this for right doing? Is the gain of this money-bought godliness to be for the saving of the souls of the stock-holders who receive the money also, or is it to redound to the eternal advantage of those from whom the money proceeds, or do the stockholders hold in their hands the eternal weal or woe of the millions who may attend the World's Fair, and is this to purchase of these stockholders the sal-vation of those many millions? If this be so, what is the money value of a soul? Was it God, or was it Satan, who once offered the earth and all its kingdoms for the souls of men,Šthe only time a con-crete price was ever offered for such a commodity? Š0-- THIS idea of concrete gain, as a pre-mium updn doing right, seems to raise many peculiar questions. It is presented with much fervor in an editorial article of the Mail and Express, of August 6, under the title, " The Sabbath Trium-phant," in which it is said of the act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sun-day :Š It gives a premium of $2,500,000 on doing right. It proves in a concrete way that "godliness hath great gain." This appropriation would not have been made except for the Christian generosity of the people who have demanded the observance of the Sabbath by the World's Fair people, for they labored first in many national, State and county religious bodies throughout the country to form the sentiment in favor of making the grant; and sec-ondly, in many of the State legislatures ; and thirdly, in Congress itself. No class of people are equally determined as the Christians to make the Fair a glory to the country, as it is now sure to be. At the head of the editorial column, in which is the article containing this para-graph, there stands a text of scripture, in clear and conspicuous type, taken from the fourth chapter of the Gospel of Luke, the sixteenth verse :Š And He came to Nazareth, where He had been brought up; and He entered, as his custom was, into the synagogue on the Sabbath day, and stood up to read. Is this text intended to emphasize the inconsistency of the editorial utterances which follow, with the custom and teach-ings of Christ who, in us, is alone our hope of godliness? If that were its intent it could not have been more aptly chosen. The one was the act of Him who was him-self incarnate godliness, in observance of that day which he had himself set to be the sign of the mystery of godliness; while the other is an exultation over the legislative success of that other day which is the seal of the mystery of iniquity. Š0Š THIS day upon which the text says Jesus of Nazareth entered into the synagogue and taught, as was his wont, is the an-tithesis of that day over which this edi-torial paragraph so strangely and incon-sistently exults. Were the things which Jesus there taught as diverse? They were. These days are as antithetic as the mys-tery of iniquity and the mystery of godli-ness; for they are the standards around which gather the legions of darkness and the hosts of light for the last great con-flict. ' But what was it which Jesus taught upon this Sabbath day in the synagogue, at Nazareth? He read from the prophet Esaias The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath 