770 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ment to be Christian must at least do what it is created to do; it must preserve the rights of the individuals who live under it. And if it does this, it will preserve the right of religious freedom Šthe right to be guided in religion by the dictates of one's own conscience; it will frown upon any measure that would'compel the conscience. The very way, therefore, for a government to manifest its Christianity is to compel no one in religious matters, to have no laws that would force the consciences of any, but to leave every one free to follow the dictates of his own mind. In other words, the civil government must be neutral; it must have nothing to do with religion one way or the other. This may at first glance appear like an anti-Christian attitude; but it is not so. It is the attitude which expresses as nearly as any civil government can express it, a Christian character. The govern-ment can not be religious without also being anti-religious, and interfering with the liberty of religious dissenters; to espouse one religion is necessarily to oppose some other religion. Jesus Christ said: " Render to Cxsar, the things that are Cxsar's, and to God the things that are God's." All religious service belongs to God, and therefore Csar can claim nothing in religion without exceeding his right; and while Csar acts in harmony with these words of Christ he comes nearer to being Christian than when, he violates them, and demands religious obedience unto himself. s. THE WISCONSIN SUNDAY REST DAY ASSOCI-ATION AGAIN. AMONG a number of interesting facts gleaned at the recent convention of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association were these: I. The Associ-ation is " in touch with fifteen hundred churches." 2. The Evangelical Association, composed of eighty churches, supports the work of the Rest Day Association by regular annual donations, running from fifty cents to $5.5o per church. 3. " Men who never go inside a church are deeply interested in the work of the Association." Just what is meant by being "in touch with fifteen hundred churches" is not clear, since not nearly all of these churches contribute to the Association. Last year the secretary of the Associ-ation received only $48o salary, which sum was practically all the donations received by the Associ-ation. Quite a quantity of literature is printed and  Łdrculated, but this is made to pay for itself largely; while the special printing, such as programs, etc., for conventions, is < paid for by special collections..  Evidently the organization is not in a very flourish-ing financial condition, but the prospects are 'that its receipts will be considerably larger the coming year than during the past year. Many churches failed to contribute only because the matter was - not, thought of at the proper time. The Evangelical Association, a branch of the Lutherans, seems to be really the backbone of the Sunday Rest Day Association, since most of its support must have come from the eighty churches composing that body. It is significant that while one branch of the Lutherans is opposed to drastic Sunday legislation, many have so far forgotten the principles of the Reformation as to look to the state to support a religious institution. As the statement that men who never go inside of a church are deeply interested in the work of the Sunday Rest Day Association is wholly unsupported by any definite statement of facts, it can be treated only in general terms. We suspect that the wish to have this so is, father to the thought that it is so. Certainly substantial evidence is lacking that such men are at all numerous. However, there doubtless are irreligious men who are interested in the success of Sunday legislation. We have in mind now such a man in a Southern State, a confectioner, who, desiring to close his own shop on Sunday but not willing to make any financial sacrifice, prosecuted a poor, crippled Sab-batarian,.who was doing his best to support his family by keeping a small candy and fruit stand, closing of course on the seventh day of the week, and keeping open on Sunday. Of course his more prosperous, neighbor's motive was wholly selfish; yet he was "deeply interested" in maintaining the Sunday law. The test of every movement and of every institu-tion ought to be not the number interested in its success but the real merits of the movement itself. The question to which Ministers' of the gospel ought. to apply themselves is: "Ought the church of Christ to turn to worldly men and to the state for support, or should she rely wholly upon the power of the Holy Spirit promised by her divine Lord?" The Scriptures call the former course spiritual adultery, while the church which depends wholly on her Lord is depicted as 'a pure woman faithful to her marriage vows. B. 