ME AMERICAN SENTINEL. 149 in order that the editor of the Democrat, in com-mon with the rest of the community, may enjoy coffee and the record of the news of the world on Monday morning. "There is no question of consistency involved in the case of the Record- Union; it has published a Monday edition, the product of Sunday labor, for more than a third of a century. That it now proposes to publish a newspaper dated on Sun-day, but the product of Saturday labor, in no-wise changes its relation to the public or to the Sunday question, and the decent observance of that day. If all the world does no more to offend the Sunday sentiment than this journal, neither clergy nor laymen need entertain any fear of des-ecration of the day. We recall a time when the Democrat was composed, printed, and issued on SundayŠit being an evening paperŠand its pro-prietor and editor held that he was serving God and man thereby. The Woodland community will bear us out that his religious convictions and profound regard for things holy were as deep and sincere as those of his successor,who now takes the Record- Union to task, but, unlike his predecessor, holds the first instead of the seventh day holy. We have no patience with the bigotry and shortsightedness that exclaims against the clean, helpful, and knowledge-disseminating newspaper dated on Sunday, but that has a stomach for the all-around newspaper that is wholly worked up on Sunday and simply dated on Monday. " The Record-Union yields to none in its regard for the sentiments of the Christian world, and in sincerity has labored diligently through the me-dium of these columns to afford its priest and apos-tles a wider hearing than their pulpit insures, and has labored on Sunday to that end. It has not come to our knowledge that any of these worthy people, whose profession, like that of the journal-ist, is the betterment of mankind, have ever ob-jected to the industry of the press that makes the newspaper a vehicle for carrying to the world the voice of the pulpit, even though that industry involves labor on Sunday." What the Record-Union says about the work on a Sunday paper is true, as every newspaper man can testify, as is also what is said of the work on a Monday-morning paper; if either ought to be discontinued because of Sunday work, cer-tainly it should be the Monday paper. But that is not where the shoe pinches; the trouble is, as many ministers have been candid enough to state, that people read the newspapers in-stead of going to church; the papers are, in short, the competitors of the preachers, and the latter want a monopoly of instructing the people on -that day. Were it not for this fact, the out-cry, if there were any, would be against the Monday paper. A Timely Utterance. TILE following letter, dated Burlington, Ver-mont, May 1, speaks for itself:Š EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: Yester-day I had the privilege of listening to an eloquent address delivered in this city by M. H. Buckhain, D. D., president of the State University at Bur-lington. His address clearly showed that there are still great and true hearts in old Vermont, that beat in unison with the noble principles of our fathers who framed our National Constitu-tion. The Burlington Daily Free Press favors us with a 'copy of the address, from which I have taken the liberty to clip a paragraph to send to  you, thinking that you might wish to insert it in the SENTINEL. It is as follows:Š " We recognize also God's good hand upon us in the Col: stitution which for the century past has been the law of our national life. The world may be chal-lenged to point to a public document which gives bet-ter evidence that its framers were inspired and guided by a wisdom beyond their own. It would have better suited a few literalists if the divine name had been inserted somewhere, anywhere, if so be that in some conventional and perfunctory way the divine being might have had due recognition. But as God is in nature in its abounding vitality, in its exquisite beauty and perfect harmony, a thousand times more impressively than if his name had been spelled out in the rock and bellowed out in the thunder, so God is in the Constitution in that reticent reverence which does not parade his titles in set phrase, but does put his love of justice and of mercy, his care for the rights of the weak and the duties of the strong, into every article and section and clause of it. Most significant to us in the retrospect of it is the fact that slavery in those days of its power could get no direct recognition in the Constitution, but that in this august presence it stands a marked and guilty thing, ashamed of its own nature. Significant also in. face of the history of State religions is the provision that ' there shall be no law respecting an establishment of religion or pro-hibiing the free exercise thereof,' and that ' no relig-ious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.' Thus did our fathers render unto Cnsar the things that are Cusar's and to God the things that are God's. Thus has religion in America escaped the ' fatal do-nation of Constantine,' and thus has the word of God had free course and been glorified." In this State there is much interest in Na-tional Reform questions. Mr. Buckham is one of the first men in this State. EDWIN R. PALMER. Ł . That Petition Again. SINCE the AMERICAN SENTINEL has shown up so fully the crooked methods by which the Wom-an's Christian Temperance and American Sab-bath Unions have added signatures to their Sun-day petitions, the leaders of these organizations have found it necessary to do something to divert public attention from their course, and, not being able to offer any excuse for the dishonest meth-ods, they have had no alternative but to try to make it appear that the signatures to the protest were not obtained in a legitimate manner. Of course this does not help their cause any, for even if all the signatures to the protest were fraudulent, that would not make their duplicity any the less; but the charge which they bring serves in a measure to divert attention from themselves. Their charge is: First, that the petition was signed only by Adventists. Second, that those who signed it who were not Adventists did so be-cause they did not understand what they were doing. Third, that all besides Adventists who signed it were saloon keepers, who naturally dis-liked the idea of a Sunday law. It needs nothing more than this statement of the charges which they make, to show to what straits they are driven to snake it appear that they alone are not guilty of fraud ; for one part' of their charge contradicts every other part. That the petition was not signed by Advent-ists exclusively is shown by the fact that, accord-ing to the Seventh-day Adventist Year Book, there are only 26,000 members of that denomi-nation in the United States; whereas, there were 230,000 signatures to the petition that was pre-sented in the Senate last winter, and as many more have been obtained since. These are not "representative" signatures either. Anyone who  wishes to do so can verify the fact that there are 230,000 distinct signatures in the petition that was presented to Congress. We have, however, just received a letter from a gentleman in Woodbury, N. J., a stranger to us, which covers every point of the charge which the Sunday-law people bring against those who circulated the protest. It is so concise a state-ment that we present it in full. It was entirely unsolicited by us, and was called out by the statements of the Western Christian Union, which were quoted in the article, " Is This the Breath of the Puritan ?" in the SENTINEL of April 10. Referring to the statement that the canvassers for signatures to the protest had adopted the practice of "button-holing unsuspecting citizens in railroad waiting-rooms and street corners, not a few of whom were unfamiliar with the ques-tion," the writer says:Š " Gentlemen, I am not an Adventist; neither am I ignorant of this great question now claiming the at-tention of so many people of this Union. I was one of several who signed this petition against the Blair bill. I was not asked to sign this until the gentleman who circulated it was fully satisfied that I knew just what I was signing. This paper was headed by the pastor of the M. E. Church of this city ; next came that of my own pastor, of the Baptist Church, fol-lowed by the signatures of several of the prominent men of our city, whose signatures I recognized. I have in my possession a petition upon which I expect to receive a number of names of Christians. All of them will know why they sign it. I do not wish to weary you, but I want to say to you that I am sorry to see those of my own faith persecuting those Chris-tians against whom they can bring no greater charge than that they insist upon having the liberty which God has given every man, and which our National Consti-tution guarantees. God speed you in this work. I remain, etc." This simple statement meets every point of the charge which they bring against us ; and coupled with the fact that every point of their charge contradicts every other point, it certainly ought to put a stop to their attempt at misrepresentation ; but it will not. Having started on a career of misrepresentation, and being determined to have a Sunday law, which cannot be secured by fair means, they must necessarily pursue their course to the end. Our desire is to save as many as pos-sible from coming to that end, which will not be simply the securing of a national Sunday law. E. J. W. Exemption Clauses in Sunday Laws. THE Christian Oracle of April 25 contains an article from a fair-minded correspondent, upon "License and Sunday Laws." In it he makes the following reference to one who had previously written to the same paper:Š " He says that if the Blair bill should pass, and a strict Sunday law be passed, Adventists could obey the law without any violation of their religious prin-ciples. True ; but if you forbid them doing any man-ual labor on that day you rob them of one-sixth of their power to earn a living for their familiesŠor at $2.00 per day it would amount to $104 annually. Without their consent, is that American liberty? Suppose you rest on Sunday, and we pass a law to prohibit you from working Mondays; how would that suit you? Brethren, we don't want a Sunday law unless it has a proviso that those who conscientiously keep the Sabbath shall not be prohibited from performing their usual occupation on Sunday, The Constitution is good enough as it is." The writer of the above evidently believes in equal and exact justice to all; but he has not given the Sunday question sufficient thought, or he would know that there can never be any jus-tice in connection with a Sunday law. In the 