MAY 18, 1808. AlVitittICA_NŁ 15 that he and all others should go to the root of the matter and see these " ten-dencies" in the offering of these prayers by State support, and not alone in their publication in its journals; that the whole system of State chaplaincies, and their maintenance by State support, is a fla-grant violation of the American principle of complete separation between the Church and the State. It is not merely a mild suggestion of " tendencies toward uniting Church and State," but a positive proof of the existence of relics of the sys-tem yet remaining. And this is the thing to protest against, and not merely the publication of the prayers, as " tendon-dies " in that direction. Let us be glad that this much is seen by one of the mem-bers, but why not take a deeper view of the matter and go to the beginning of it. A tree is never killed by merely picking the green leaves from its boughs, but must be struck at the roots. So in this matter. Why not be consistent here ? Why not ? W. A. MCCUTCHEN. Atlanta, Ga. Ł ŁŁ  Tweedledee and Tweedledum. To the majority of the citizens of the United States there seems little or nothing to fear from the attitude of Catholics towards the free institutions of our coun-try. The masses observe with amazement the change that has apparently taken place in the removal of church censure by which Catholics have been, in a great measure, deterred from sending their children to the public schools. Knowing what Rome has uttered and attempted in reference to these institutions in the past, it would seem as if there were now a mighty concession towards the final ac-ceptance of the features of our school system in the education of Catholic chil-dren. To the student of history and prophecy this " now you see it" and " now you don't see it " policy of Rome brings no deception. One might as well think the leopard could change its spots as to believe that the Church of Rome has changed its principles. Well has Bishop Ireland said thatŠ the most farseeing liberal mind in the world to-day is that of Leo. The most gentle and generous heart is his. Neither Catholics nor Protestants of America know him sufficiently. It is the duty of all to study him. These lullaby statements of this Jesuit-ical priest are uttered to allay the fears and soothe the troubled minds that have felt alarm at the settled principles that have issued from the Vatican. Pius IX. said thatŠ public schools open to all children for the education of the young should be under the control of the Romish Church and should not be subject to the civil power nor made to conform to the opinions of the ages. And the greatest organ of Romanism in this country, the Catholic Review, says the right of the State to foist upon its citizens a school system without consult-,ing their religious convictions on the one hand, and their rights as citizens on the other, is one that must be rejected totally Šalways denied and thoroughly pounded as long as it asserts itself. And farther, in reference to the province of the State in education says:Š Its assumption of the right to tax a powerful minority to support a school system which it will not use must be resisted. All this has seemingly been set aside by a stroke of pen policy to soothe the  ruffled elements that were scurrying to the defense of our justly popular free in-stitutions of learning. Monsignor Satolli, in deciding the right of Catholic parents as to allowing their children the privilege of public schools, without incurring the censure of the church, has successfully hoodwinked the masses, and to that ex-tent that leading journals have said:Š The effect of this decision will be revolutionary, as far as the parochial school is concerned. It marks an epochŠthe epoch of decline in the his-tory of sectarian common school education. In-deed, it is the beginning of the end of parochial schools. Thus the old tattered rag of charity for Rome's incursions receives a goodly patch and is drawn so easily over the prostrate figure with the hydra head. Let none be deceived. This apparent concession is only the " possum " state of the animal and the danger signal to those who put no trust in the arm of flesh, but rely upon the sure Word. C. A. WYMAN. Right to Work on Sunday. The Case of Seventh-day Adventists Con-tinued.ŠAn Interview with Their Counsel. THE case of the State vs. Isaac Baker, the Seventh-day Adventist who is charged with violating the Sunday law, was con-tinued Tuesday morning on motion of the counsel for the defense, Mr. Jas. T. Ring-gold, of the Baltimore Bar. The State made no opposition to the continuance, the ground upon which it was asked be-ing that the law points involved were pre-cisely the same as those in the case of John W. Judefind recently convicted at Chestertown on the same charge, and a brother of the same communion. Mr. Ringgold was seen at the Arlington Hotel by a reporter of this paper and asked to explain the extraordinary interest in the Seventh-day Adventist trials which had led to his appearing as counsel in behalf of these cases. Mr. Ringgold spoke sub-stantially as follows :Š " I represent an organization known as the International Religious Liberty Asso-ciation which has recently undertaken to test the constitutionality of all American laws which in the belief of its members represent a union of Church and State. The Sunday laws are by no means the only survivals among us of this English system, but they are by far the most con-spicuous and dangerous to American lib-erty. Heretofore the resistance offered to them has been passive rather than active. It has come chiefly from our Hebrew fel-low-citizens and from some who expressly repudiate all religious belief and obliga-tion. It is only recently that a body of believers has undertaken to oppose these laws, because they are Christian believers, and as such find that not only is their civil liberty abridged by Sunday laws, but that they are constrained thereby to a line of conduct which their belief as Christians teaches them is wrong. These people are known as the Seventh-day Adventists, and the International Religious Liberty Association has espoused their cause most gladly and proposes to fight their battles to the utmost wherever they may be at-tacked. CHRISTIANITY AND RELIGIOUS EQUALITY. " It seems to me that results more im-portant than the decision of any trial, or any number of trials, for breaches of the Sunday law are likely to grow out of this  position taken by the Seventh-day Ad-ventists, and their faithful adherence to it. One of the most important of these results will be forcing of American people to consider the extent to which religious dogmas are embodied in the governmental system of every State. This will be fol-lowed, as I hope and believe, because I believe in the American people, by eradi-cation of all traces of such dogmas in the fundamental law of the States and also in the statutes. Another result will be to concentrate the minds of all Christian people upon the teaching of the Founder of Christianity, that no union between His Church and the State is possible. This ought to lead all who profess and call themselves Christians to strenuously op-pose not merely union with the State of other churches than their own, but even more strenuously, if possible, the union of their own church with the State, lead-ing, as they must perceive, to the total destruction of its character as a Christian Church. "Without going into the question of the dogmatic teaching of the Seventh-day Adventists, I may say that they are the only Christian communion of which I am aware, which adheres rigidly to this all-important teaching of the Founder of Christianity. You will understand then that while they deprecate Sunday laws as embodying recognition by the State of a religious doctrine held by other people, they would not accept Saturday laws of like character from any State, and would not accept them for the very reason that from a Seventh-day Adventist standpoint all such laws would identify their church with the State and thereby destroy its Christian character. To find the profes-sors of a clearly defined religious faith even declining a State preference for their religion over another is a remark-able experience and has given me an inter-est in this extraordinary people which deepens the more I know and see of them. HOW THE SUNDAY LAW EMBODIES THE UNION OF CHURCH AND STATE. " It is a fact, strange as it may seem, that every one of our State constitutions contains a more or less explicit inhibition on any preference by the State of one reli-gious belief over another and any recog-nition by the State of any religious dogma, and that in spite of all this the early Sun-day law cases dared to sustain these stat-utes upon the express ground that the Christian religion was to be preferred above all others, and that these laws em-bodied a recognition by the State of the Christian religion as the right religion, and the repudiation by the State of all other religions as wrong religions. It was only after a number of years and re-peated efforts that the courts were driven from this untenable position, and of late they have retreated to what is known as the holiday theory of these laws, claiming that they are ' police regulations.' This position, however, is, if anything, more untenable than the other. A holiday law enforced by a penalty would certainly never be passed outside of bedlam. More-over nearly all Sunday laws contain a prohibition of play as well as work, so that the State under the holiday theory says to the citizen in the Sunday law, `You must be cheerful and enjoy your-self on Sunday, and to encourage you to do so I will forbid you to attend to your regular occupation, and fine you if you undertake to amuse yourself.' The only 