594 AMERICAN SENTINEL. This is the only true course of Christian conduct. Accordingly, he says, "Make straight paths for your feet, lest that whicl is lame be turned out of the way." The Christian has nothing to do with making paths for the feet of other people: he is to make straight paths for his own feet. By going straight himself, any man can do far more to help the weak and those that are out of the way than he can bygoing out of the way to set the others straight. This is well illustrated in the last instance recorded in the book of John: Jesus said to Peter, "Follow me." "Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following. . . . Peter, seeing him, saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do? Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me." The Lord said to one man, "Follow me." Instead of doing so, he turned about -to see what another man was doing. But when he had turned about, it was impossible to' follow Jesus that way; for no man can follow Christ backward. More than this, he would not have seen the other man if he had not taken his eyes off Jesus and turned about from following him. Thus every man has to take his eyes off Jesus and turn from following him, before he can raise questions about the conduct of other men. And when this man had turned about from Jesus and so saw the other man, what was that other man doing? ŠOh, he was following JesusŠhe was doing the very thing that the Lord had told the first man to do. But the first man, instead of doing what he was told by his Master to do, turned away from that to question about the other man who was doing the very thing that he himself had been told by the Lord to do, but which he had turned away from doing. Thus it is always with those professed Christians who think it devolves upon them to set other people straight. But this man, with all others, got the answer from the Lord : "If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me." In other words, what the other man shall do is none of your business ; your busi-ness is to follow me. Therefore, this principle is, Make straight paths, not for the other man's feet,.but for your own feet. It is true that the lame need help and guidance in the straight and narrow way. But you' can do infinitely more to help them thus, by making straight paths for your own feet, than by undertaking to make straight paths for their feet. Again, it is written, "Takeheed to thyself, and to the doctrine; continue in them, for in so doing thou shalt both save thyself and them that hear, thee." You can do infinitely more to save others, by taking heed to yourself, than you can by taking heed to the other man. Note, too, that you are to take heed to yourself even before taking heed to doctrine. No man is qualified to take heed to doctrine till he, has taken good heed to him-self. Take heed to thyself, make straight paths for your  feet, follow Christ yourself, first of all things, then the doctrine will beof benefit; but without this the doctrine will be of no benefit to you nor to anybody else so far as you are concerned. Yet some man will say, "What ! are we not our brother's keeper?"ŠYes, we are; and this is the only right way to be that. Please remember that it was Cain to whom the inquiry came, "Where is thy brother?" If Cain had himself followed the Lord; if Cain had kept his eyes on Christ and off his brother, instead of off Christ and on his brother; if Cain had made straight paths for his own feet, instead of trying to make a path for the other man's feet; if Cain had taken heed to him-self, instead of taking heed to the other man, then this inquiry never would have come to him. He would "then have proved such a faithful keeper of his brother that he would have been only a constant blessing to his brother, and approved and accepted of God as a true worshiper. Remember, too, that, like so many of those others who are ever meddling with other people, and who think their place in the world is to set other people straight, Cain wias a professor of religion. He considered himself the only true worshiper, and that whoever did not choose to conform to his views of conduct must be compelled to do so. And if they still chose to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences, they were con-sidered not fit to live. And as at that time there was no civil government which he might make the instrument of his wicked will, and behind which he might shield himself with the plea that he was "only enforcing the law," he was obliged to carry it through himself And he did. And though professed Christians to day do have civil government which they can make the instrument of their will in requiring others to conform to their views of con-duct, and behind which they can shield themselves with the miserable excuse that they are "only enforcing the law," this does not in the least relieve them of the essen-tial character and guilt of Cain. For thus it is written: "Woe unto them, for they have gone in the way of Cain." 1, . A Man of Peace. THE Christian is emphatically a man of peace. The whirl of political strife, the agitations which mark the contest of class with class, the rumbling of coming storms which distract statesmen and fill the hearts of men with fear, pass him by unscathed. In his heart there is peace. He stands upon a foundation that cannot, be moved, which is the Word of God. To every servant of the living God the divine word is given, "Fear not." The commotions that fill this world, or tie worst that can come, are powerless to sever him from the steadfast purpose of God which embraces not only his existence here, but a future One that runs throughout eternity. All earthly agencies of evil are powerless to take him out of the hands of God. "There is no power but of God," and of that power he is not 