AMERICAN SENTINEL. 255 A FINE BIBLE FREE. To any one sending us eight new subscriptions to the AMERICAN SENTINEL and $8.00 we will send as a GIFT, postpaid, one of our Splendid Large type (Bourgeois)  Self-pronouncing Teachers' Combination Reference Bibles. By Self-pronouncing we mean that every proper name is divided into syl-lables with accents and diacritical marks, enabling the reader to pro-nounce with ease the, most difficult names. By " Combination" we mean that the reader has before him both old and new versions'at once. Where the Re-vised differs from the old, the revised rendering is found by convenient refer-ence to fbot notes. The binding is of LEATHER called TAMPICO I1OROCCO, the covers LINED WITH LEATHER to the edge, DIVINITY CIRCUIT, red under FINE GOLD EDGES, ROUND CORNERS, silk head band, silk marker. It is really A FINE BOOK and well worth an effort to get it. We have many testimonials from those using the Bible. We give a few. See what they say about it: TESTIMONIALS. The Premium Bible just at hand. Many thanks for your promptness. As numerous words would fail to fully express our satisfaction, we will only pause to inform you that we are more, far more than satisfied; and extremely delighted with our new acquisition. I received my Bible that I sent for and am well pleased with it, and especially the Revised Version. It is what I have been wanting. I received my Bible for which accept thanks. I am very much pleased with it. It is a first-class Bible; just what it is claimed to be. Have received the Premium Bible and am delighted with it. My Bible came all right and am highly pleased with it. It is just the book I wanted. I sent for and obtained the Self-pronouncing Bible advertised in the SENTINEL and would say I like it very much. It is all that is claimed for it. I am trying to induce others to send for it. The Premium Bible and SENTINEL is at hand. Many thanks for your promptness. I am very much pleased with the Bible. The Bible sent me last month was received in good condition. I am much pleased with it. I am greatly pleased with the book, it being better than I ex-pected to get. I received the Bible all right and am more than pleased with it. It is better than I expected. The print is very nice. The Bible is just lovely. It is lots better than I thought it would be. I have been using the Teachers' Combination Bible nearly two years. Am more pleased with it daily. The Revised Version fea-ture is "just the thing," and if I were going to purchase a Bible tomorrow you may depend upon it, I would purchase the Teachers' Combination Bible. We will send this fine Bible, postpaid, and the AMERICAN SENTINEL one year for $3,50. The Bible can be furnished with complete Teachers' Helps or with Concordance and Maps, or with Maps only. l For 25 cents extra we will mark on the Bible in gold letters any name desired. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 39 Bond St., New York. 