 "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT:  FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."  %Vol. 11, No. 41. NEW YORK, OCTOBER, 15, 1896. Entered at the N. Y. Post-Oilice.   M'MAHON HALL, CATHOLIC CNIVERSITY, WASHINGTON. american 5entinet, Published Weekly in Defense of Religious Liberty. tar 'For Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. EDITOR, - - C. P. BOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR,   L. A. SMITH. PAPAL POLICY. LAST week Bishop Keane was deposed from the rectorship of the Catholic University at Washington. The day following the public announcement of this fact an eminent Roman Catholic layman said to the Washington cor-respondent of the New York Herald*:Š To us who have closely watched events for the last five years the deposition of Bishop Keane means noth-ing less than a restoration of the supremacy of the ultramontane or clerical party in the American Church.] As such, it must be regarded as the most important event in the history of the church since ARCHBISHOP IRELAND. Archbishop Ireland appealed to Rome to sustain him, as against the " clericals," and especially the Arch-bishop of New York, in the famous school question. "It will be recalled," contin- ues the Herald's informant, " that on that occasion the Archbishop of St. Paul won, or seemed to win, a notable victory. He procured an ut-terance from Rome, which his friends professed to regard as an indorsement of himself and a rebuke for Archbishop Cor-rigan. The appointment of Cardin al, then Archbishop Satolli, which followed soon afterward, was known to be greeable to Archbishop Ire- laud, and in opposition to the expressed wishes of the ultramontane bishops. "Now it appears Archbishop Corrigan has ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAN. found at the Vatican a reaction of sentiment in, his favor. It would not, perhaps, be too much to say that after five years' waiting he has his revenge, for if anything is clear it is that the arrival of Mgr. Martinelli, and es-pecially the removal of Bishop Keane, is dis-tasteful to the Ireland party." " If our sur-mises are correct," concludes this eminent Catholic, " ultramontanism in America has again been carried to the front." These facts are of great interest, not only to Catholics, but to Protestants as well, for instead of revealing simply a contest be- tween parties in the Roman Catholic Church, the unfolding of events shows the consummate skill of Leo XIII. and the deceptive policy of the system which he represents. Having ac-complished his purpose in giving free reign to "the church" in America, the Pope now asserts his authority in a manner and to an extent which leaves nothing to be desired by the most ultra montanist. For several years past, and until within a few days, " liberal " Roman Catholicism was in the ascendancy in the United States, but a new era has been ushered in. The able and crafty Leo XIII., " the prisoner in the Vatican," for years pursued a " liberal" pol-icy, not only toward America, but generally, so much so that the world was deceived into believing that Rome was actually changing. But it is now seen that beneath the velvet BISHOP KEANE. glove of the "successor of St. Peter" is the iron hand of Rome. One of the fruits abroad of the general liberal policy of Leo XIII., was a victory for "the church" in Germany. All, and more, than "the church" lost under Bismarck, she has regained through Leo's.  craft since the accession to the throne of William II. Lutheranism is still the established religion of Germany, but Rome must not be spoken against, and the * All our quotations on this page, as also our illustrations, are tiom the Her-ald of the 7th inst. t All italics in these quotations ours.ŠED.:SENTINEL. 