"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 46. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 2L, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, NO. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, /. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, THE ENFORCEMENT OF LAW. FOR a number of months past New York has been greatly agitated by a crusade for the "enforcement of law." Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, the president of the Board of Police Commissioners, in an ar-ticle in the Sunday School Times, of Novem-ber 9, says:Š If there is one plain duty for the average citizen, it is to obey the law; and if there is one paramount duty for public officials, it is to enforce the law. Ł Of the duty of public officials to enforce the " law," Mr. Roosevelt says:Š More important than even the question of what a law is, is the question of the honest enforcement of the law. It is evident that by " law " President Roosevelt means statute. IIis entire course of action in this city shows that such is his meaning. It is undoubtedly the plain duty not only of the "average citizen," but of every citizen to obey the law; but all statute is not LAW. " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain un-alienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are insti-tuted among men." The Declaration of Independence makes the securing of human rights the object of gov-ernment; hence anything which defeats this object and denies rights instead of securing them is not just government; it is not legit-imate authority but usurpation. It follows necessarily 'that the paramount duty of the officials who administer governments insti-tuted for the securing of inalienable rights is the conservation of such rights, not the en-forcement of " law" whether right or wrong. Just government does not defeat the very ob- ject of its existence by making it the duty of the officials who administer it to trample upon natural rights. Human rights are above all so-called " law," for law exists only to secure the free exercise of inalienable rights. Natural, inalienable human rights are self-evident because they exist in the very nature of things. They are not created by human enactment, but are inherent in the individual, and are self-evident because they exist in har-mony with the law of nature. "This law of nature," says Blackstone, " being coeval with mankind, and dictated by God himself, is of course superior in obligation to any other. It is binding all over the globe in all coun-tries, and at all times. No human laws are of any validity if contrary to these; and such of them as are valid derive all their force, and all their authority, mediately or immedi-ately, from this original." Such being the true definition of law, it is of course the duty not only of the average citizen, but of every citizen to obey the law, and it is also the duty of public officials to enforce the law, because the law simply safe-guards human rights. But statutes which-invade inalienable rights are void in the very nature of things, and it is the duty of every official to so treat them. There is probably not a country, nor State, nor municipality in the world that has not upon its statute books acts which have become inoperative simply by being allowed to fall into disuse. For the most part such statutes have been found to be not in keeping with human rights, the spirit of free institutions or with advancing civilization. In fact, much of the progress which has been made in the world in the development of civil liberty, has been in this way: meddlesome and mischiev-ous statutes are not enforced, they become " dead letters," and are subsequently elim-inated from the codes. It is true that such " laws " are liable to be revived at any time so long as they remain upon the statute books. New York State and City have a number of such acts which no-'Indy feels under obligation to enforce. There is an ordinance in this city which forbids, under penalty, any person to either get on or off a street car while in motion. Anyone transgressing this ordinance, and it is done by thousands every day, might be legally arrested and fined; but nobody seems to feel under  any obligation to enforce this mischievous and obsolete ordinance passed wholly in the inter-ests of monopoly. There is also a statute in force in this State which forbids the sale of any article on Sun-day except food before ten o'clock in the morning, manufactured tobacco, fruits, con-fectionery, surgical appliances, and news-papers. But for years this "law" has been virtually a dead letter in this city. Many ar-ticles have been sold on Sunday, and arrests have been made only occasionally; but now the police commissioners profess to believe it to be their sworn duty to enforce this " law," and so even the florists have been notified that they must cease selling or delivering flowers on Sunday. And only a few days ago an itinerant vender of button-hole boquets was arrested in Harlem, this city, for selling a bunch of violets on Sunday. Of course he was technically guilty, but the police judge discharged him nevertheless; and certainly such arrest ought never to have been made. Such "law" is not for the conservation of human rights, but is an invasion of such rights, and ought to be ignored by everyone whether citizenp  or official. The law of New York permits the sale of confectionery, fruit and manufactured tobacco on Sunday, but prohibits the sale of a bunch of violets! Such a statute is utterly indefen-sible. Two persons may stand side by side on a street corner on Sunday, the one selling button-hole bouquets and the other cigars. The " law " makes it the "duty" of the po-liceman to arrest the one, but forbids him to molest the other. Such " law " is absolutely without either rhyme or reason; and worse than that, it is absolutely an invasion of hu-man rights, as is likewise the "law" which forbids the sale of soda and mineral waters on Sunday. One Sunday the past summer, the writer was on a street in New York City, at some distance from his home, and being thirsty wished to secure a glass of mineral water. He stepped into a restaurant on Broadway, where there was a soda-fountain, and called for a glass of vichy, and was told that as it was Sunday the fountain was not in operation. The sale of tobacco was, however, going on, and a cigar might have been purchased at the same counter where soda-water could not be served without violating the "law."_ - - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 