AMERICAN SENTINEL. 131 entered upon her world's careerŠno longer the career of the quiet and peaceable conquest of sound principles, but the career of conquest, and so of force. And when the defense of this new feature compels so many good men to explain away the Declaration of Independence and openly repudiate divine principle, there is in it all an element of danger to the world: and as in the days of Abraham Lincoln, it is a thing to be supremely hated. Lord Salisbury, last November, in his speech to the world Šfor when the Prime Minister of Britain speaks he speaks to the world, and all the world listensŠmention-ing the fact that the United States Government had en-tered as a new element in world's affairs and the Eastern question, said that this does not promise peace to the world. But that though that may be so, it promises only good to BritainŠno harm to her, but it is not an element that makes for peace among the nations. The nations themselves are staggering and about to fall, under the weight of the immense armaments which they are compelled to maintain because of the mutual anger and jealousies that have persisted for more than half a century. The tension is already so great that by the chief ones concerned it has been likened to a magazine with the train already laid, and every moment in danger of being touched with the fire. All this being acknowledged to be so, what alone can be the effect of the entrance into this awful arena of this new world-power which, beforehand, the world is told by its chiefest spokesman, is not an element that will make for peace to the world? And above all, what alone can be the effect of it, when this new world-power enters that awful arena with the direct repudiation of its own funda-mental and native principles which alone can make for peace, and which are the very principles of the Prince of Peace? What alone can be the influence of this nation upon the world when it has repudiated the principles by which alone it has influenced the world for good, the principles which were its life, which were given to it for the world, and which alone can make for peace on earth and good will to men? In all these things there is involved the great ques-tion of Human Rights. The American people must face this fact. They cannot ignore it and still regard human rights. And when this nation openly disregards human rights, what shall humanity do? A. T. J. Sunday-Law Agitation in Pittsburg. AN agitation to arouse public sentiment in favor of Sunday enforcement, is going on in the city of Pittsburg, Pa. There the churches and a large labor unionŠthe Amalgamated Association of Iron and Steel WorkersŠhave joined hands, and both labor and church parties are equally earnest in the movement. At a mass meeting  held February 19, resolutions were adopted denouncing the "Sabbath" work in certain mills of the city as being "unpatriotic, unconstitutional, and in direct opposition to the unalienable birthright of all toilers," and pledging cooperation with the clergy "to stop this nefarious sys-tem by said firms." A "monster mass meeting" of labor organizations is announced for some date in April, to further arouse public opinion against Sunday desecra-tion. The usual arguments were offered at this meeting in proof of the necessity of a weekly rest, and the usual effort made to set up a distinction in Sabbath observ-ance on religious and civil grounds. No such distinction can exist in fact, since both civil and religious laws for Sabbath observance demand rest from secular employ-ments as the foundation of the observance, and such weekly rest is itself distinctly a religious act. This has been made so by the act of God, and no amount of mass-meeting resolutions or of legislation can make it differ-ent. The Sabbath itself was created a religious institu-tion, and no amount of argument or of legislation can give it a " civil " character. The subject of Sabbath observanceis everywhere inseparably bound up with varying religious views and practices of men and their convictions of conscience; and when the State steps in with its man-made law of Sab-bath observance for one and all, the result can only be that far more harm will be done than good. In the matter of Sabbath legislation, human authority, power, and wisdom, come into conflict with divinity, and achieve only a failure as complete as their effort was unneces-sary. Sabbath observance is a law of God. To obey God's law is the duty of one and all, and no human legislation is necessary to enable an individual to do his duty. Duty rests upon no such uncertain basis, and the law of God needs no such uncertain support. Let any individ-ual decide to obey God's law, and he will find support in that law itself. Duty is to do right without human assistance, the same as with it. The' assistance neces-sary to right doing comes from God, and is amply suf-ficient for the demands of duty under all circumstances. In Sabbath observance,!asiin any moral duty, men need look only to God, and they are bound to look to God rather than to man. Whoever looks away from the Creator and Author of the Sabbath, to man as a legisla-tor concerning it, will surely be drawn into a snare. "The Sabbath was made for man." God made it and made it for man to day, as in all other ages of time. Is the Sabbath then suited to man, just as God made it? It is if God knew enough to make it so; and as he made both man and the Sabbath, and is omniscient, there ought never any question to arise in any sane mind upon this point. Let the Sabbath and the law of observing it be as God has made it. Not to do so is to impugn the wisdom and authority of the Creator. 