"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME '15.  NEW YORK, MARCH 1, 1900.  NUMBER 9. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyÑChris-tian 2.i2c1 Constitutional. dihr Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it 49481., know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not earefeeed She Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Ratered at the New York Postoface.) THE person who most needs a reformation in him-self, is sure to see the most need of reformation in other people. And when the church is most in need of refor-mation, she always sees that the cause of the trouble is that the state needs to become Christian. cAt ti the penitentiaries of the land there is enforced rest and attendance at churchÑ or chapelÑon Sunday; and why should people who are not under arrest for crime be treated on Sundays like the inmates of a peni-tentiary; that is, shut up by law (the Sunday law), with nothing to vary the monotony of theirconfinement gave the privilege of going to church? .4 .4 THE scheme to "acknowledge God" by the religious amendment to the Constitution, advocated by the National Reform party and its allies, is really a scheme to ignore God; since it ignores the inalienable rights with which the Creator has endowed the individual. This scheme, instead of leaving every man answerable to God in religious conduct, would make the minority in religion answerable to the majority, under the claim that the will of the majority, in religion, is the "law of Christ." Pretending to leave every man answerable to God alone, it would really make man answerable to his fellowman, by putting upon men the prerogative of interpreting and defining the will of God, the majority for the minority. This would simply be popery,for any scheme is popery which aims to subject men to human authority in religion. THE state, being an organization of men, cannot be religious without conflicting with that other religious organization of menÑthe church; that is, the two will necessarily occupy the same sphere. The church will p4Tach religion, and the state will enforce religion; for the state cannot be religious without enforcing religion. But coercion and persuasion cannot go hand in hand in religion. The latter is nullified by the former, and the religious state becomes paramount in the sphere of religion. So that if the state can properly be religious, there is neither necessity nor room for any other organ-ization in the sphere of religion which is not subordi-nated to the state. There cannot be two independent organizations; the state cannot be religious and be independent of the church. And in every case which his-tory presents, where the state has meddled with reli-gion, either the church has become subordinated to the state, or the state has been subordinated to the church. National Reform "Objections and Answers." IN a "Manual of Christian Civil Government," pre-pared by the editor of the Christian Statesman, who is a leader in the "National Reform" movement to "Chris-tianize" the Government, the author devotes some space to a review of objections made to the movement, which he answers to his own satisfaction. A brief considera-tion of these objections and answers will be helpful to a right understanding of this important question now being pressed upon the American people. First, the author cites "The Alarm Cry of 'Church and State.' " He proceeds under this topic to give the National Reform _definition or conception of a union of church and state, thus:Ñ "A Christian secularist is the one who is logically driven to the union of church and state. He is kneed to join hands with the advocates of ecclesiastical es-tablishments. He forbids the state itself having any- 