130 A.MC1E1IFE,I CA.N g VoL. 11, No. 17. before condemnation or punishment; and in taking the course the apostle did he only in-sisted that the proceedings should be accord-ing to the law which the magistrates professed to respect and enforce. We are not warranted in attributing to Paul any improper motive in thus demanding his rights under the law. He must have had in view the glory of God and the spread of the truth; and doubtless the influence upon all concerned was salutary. " Paul and Silas felt that to maintain the dignity of Christ's Church, they must not submit to the illegal course proposed by the Roman magistrates. . . . They had been publicly thrust into prison, and now refused to be privately re-leased, without proper acknowledgments on the part of the magistrates."* It was seen that the apostle and his companion were not un-reasoning fanatics, but rational, thinking men, who knew their rights and were neither afraid nor ashamed to maintain them by proper means. It was also demonstrated that they were not revengeful, for while demand-ing at the hands of the magistrates such ac-knowledgment as would vindicate them from the unjust charges made against them, they sought no revenge for the indignities they bad suffered. We cannot doubt that in all this the apostle acted wisely. It is not only the Christian's privilege but his duty to take such a course under all circumstances as will place him in a favorable light before the bar of public opinion. Silence and abject submission are sometimes mistaken for confession of the truth of unjust changes; while a calm, dignified defense and assertion of civil rights commands respect and. secures attention to the principles involved. To the manly stand taken by the apostle upon this occasion is largely due under God the freedom enjoyed in the world to-day in mat-ters of conscience. " They enslave their children's, children who make compromise with sin." Unlawful to Scourge a Roman Uncondemned. The second recorded instance hi which the apostle availed himself of his rights as a Ro-man citizen was when on the occasion of the uproar at Jerusalem, " the chief captain com-manded him to be brought into the castle, and bade that he should be examined by scourging, that he might know wherefore they cried so against him. And as they bound him with thongs, Paul said unto the centu-rion that stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man that is a Roman, and uncon-demned? When the centurion heard that, he went and ,told the chief captain, saying, Take heed what thou doest; for this man is a Ro-man. Then the chief captain came, and said unto him, Tell me, art thou a Roman? He said, Yea. And the chief captain answered, With a great sum obtained I this freedom. And Paul said, But I was freeborn. Then straightway they departed from him which should have examined him: and the chief captain also was afraid, after he knew that he was a Roman, and because he had bound him." 5But in this instance, as upon the for-mer °evasion, Paul sought no revenge. He was a Roman, but was also a Christian. The Apostle Exercises the Citizen's Right of Appeal. The third, and so far as we know, the last occasion upon which Paul asserted his rights as a Roman, was when " Festus, willing to * :ketches from the Life of Paul," p. 76. 5 Acts 22:24-29. do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Wilt thou go up to Jerusalem, and there be judged of these things before me? Then said Paul, I stand at Coesar's judgment seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou very well knowest. For if I be an offender, or have committed anything worthy of death, I refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Cwsar." The appeal of a Roman citizen to the em-peror could not be disregarded, and Festus answered, " Hast thou appealed unto Cwsar? unto Ceesar shalt thou go." Festus really had no option in the matter; but there being no clearly-defined charge against the apostle, he was in doubt as to the account of the case which he ought to send to the emperor. Festus therefore kept Paul in prison until Agrippa and Bernice came unto Cwsarea. He then brought the apostle before them, and briefly recited the facts in the case, concluding thus:Š When I found that he had committed nothing wor-thy of death, and that he himself bath appealed to Au-gustus, I have determined to send him. Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Where-fore I have brought him forth before you, and spe-cially before thee, 0 king Agrippa, that, after exam-ination had, I might have somewhat to write. For it seemeth to me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not withal to signify the crimes laid against him.' " Then Agrippa said unto Paul," continues the record, " Thou art permitted to speak for thyself. Then Paul stretched forth the hand, and answered for himself." Paul's defense is recorded in the twenty-sixth chapter of the Acts, and being of easy access, we shall only call attention briefly to it. Christianity Not a New Religion. Paul established by a circumstantial state-ment the fact that he was not only a Jew but a Pharisee; and then anticipating the only charge that could lie against him on religious grounds under Roman law, namely, that he had introduced a new religion or worshiped a God not recognized by Roman law, he de-clared: "And now I stand and am judged for the hope of the promise of God unto our fathers, unto which promise our twelve tribes, instantly serving God day and night, hope to come. For which hope's sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews." As before remarked, Christianity was not a new religion; it was simply a new phase of that religion given to our first parents at the fall, cherished by the patriarchs, and restored to Israel through Moses; and as such it was not a violation of Roman law to teach it, nor was it an offense under the law to worship th'e God it revealed. But as previously stated, neither Jew nor Gentile recognized this fact. In the eyes of both, Christianity had its or-igin in :the life and teaching of Jesus of Naz-areth, and was no part of any previously-ex-isting system of religion; and, as they viewed it, was consequently prohibited by the law of the empire. Recounting before the king his trip to Da-mascus, his experience in being stricken to the earth by a light from heaven, the voice speaking to him, his conversion, etc., the apostle declared that he witnessed none other things than the prophets and Moses did say should comeŠin short, that he was not a setter-forth of strange doctrines. The Apostle Labored to Save Men. Paul's words on this occasion were not how-ever, merely, nor even chiefly, a defense of his Acts 25:9-11. 7  Acts 25:25-27. own rights; nor was it his chief object to con-vince Agrippa that he had violated no law. His defense of himself was rather a means to an end. It was the apostle's life work to preach the gospel; and his motto was: " Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." His heart burned within him for the salvation of his royal auditors. Most graphically did he depict the scenes attending his conversion on the way to Da-mascus, and most eloquently did he present the claims of the gospel and unhesitatingly declare his relation to it. " Having therefore obtained help of God," concluded the apostle, "I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, say-ing none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come: That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should show light unto the people, and to the Gentiles." "King Agrippa, believest thou the prophets? I know that thou believest. Then Agrippa said unto Paul, Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian. And Paul said, I would to God, that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day, were both al-most, and altogether such as I am, except these bonds." 9  Forgetful as he ever was of himself, willing to endure all things that he might save some, the apostle was nevertheless conscious of the value of that physical liberty which was his by divine right; and in the words, "except these bonds," we discover something of the yearning after freedom which God has im-planted in the human breast that he might gratify it by giving the glorious liberty of the children of God; for without such aspirations the message which proclaims " liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound" would fall upon ears dead alike to calls to human progress or to spiritual growth; and Christ would have died in vain. KING MENELEK AND CHRISTIANITY. WHILE the secular and religious press have been full of expressions of indignation con-cerning the attacks upon Armenian Christians by the Turks, we have seen little or nothing in condemnation of the equally unjustifiable attack of the Italian forces upon the Christian king and people of Abyssinia. The partition of Africa among the nations of Europe is evi- dently regarded as almost, if not quite, a Christian proceeding; for is it not being car- ried on by " Christian " nations ? Doubtless the Italian government has as good reasons for its efforts at national aggrandizement at the expense of king Menelek and his subjects, as have any of the other " Christian" nations for their wars of conquest upon the African natives elsewhere; but there is no justification for any of them, more than there would be for a war between two of these " Christian " nations themselves. The following letter from king Menelek to a missionary named. Clarke, printed in the Washington Post, of April 3, breathes a spirit quite in contrast with that which led to the attack upon his country by the Italian forces. Menelek said:Š You are mistaken in believing that I do not care for your prayers. All prayers of believers are dear to me, even when they come from the children of Europe. Not all are aggressors in my kingdom; not all commit the iniquity of attacking those whom they hope to find weaker than themselves; not all have bent the 9 Acts 26: 22,23; 27-29. 