 214 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      religion. And the priests being thus made wholly in-dependent of the king and the government, no change in the government made any change of the priesthood. Thus, when Rehoboam succeeded Solomon, he could not raise one favorite to the priesthood, nor displace one of the priests appointed by God; the succession of the min-isters, as well as their duties, was appointed by God, and the sovereign could not interfere; but in England the state has the nomination of the prelates, these have the right of ordaining the clergy, and from among these, lay patrons, determined by a money qualification alone, are empowered by the state to select the pastors of the churches; so that the pastors of the churches are mainly determined by the state. In Israel the incomes of the priests were settled with-out the authority of the state; in England their incomes are furnished by the authority of the state alone. In Israel the priests were determined by God; in England the prelates are nominated by the state. In Israel kings and nobles could raise no unfit per-son to ministry; in England patrons can practically secure their livings to any of their nominees who have fair capacity and good morals. In Israel no congregation had a pastor imposed on them by the state; in England nearly all the churches have pastors so imposed upon them. Since, therefore, during the Mosaic economy, God so guarded the priesthood that no one could enter it ex-cept by his express appointment, and the state had no power whatever in the matter, he has thereby con-demned the union through which the state, without his authority, assumes the appointment of the ministers of a much more spiritual religion. 4. By the Mosaic law all the Jewish citizens were re-ligiously equal. The state created no rivalry by exalting one sect above another, so that when the great festivals gathered together the devout worshipers of God from every place, they met as a holy brotherhood, without any of the sources of jealousy arising from civil distinc-tions established by law. But in the English union, one among several sects, equally evangelical, is placed by the state above all the rest, whereby jealousy and di-vision are excited in the Christian family. The Mosaic system treated all the worshipers of God as on perfect equality: the Anglican system unjustly exalts one sect, and depresses all the rest. In Scotland the Presbyterian is exalted, the Episcopalian is depressed; in England the Episcopalian is exalted, the Presbyterian depressed. In both parts of the kingdom, therefore, the system is so opposite to the Mosaic, that if the latter was agreeable to his will, the former must be opposed to it. 5. The Mosaic law allowed of no compulsory pay-ments for the support of religion. As God commanded his people to love him with all their heart, so he com-manded them to pay a tithe of the land to the Levites. But as the magistrate could not compel the Israelite to obey the first of these commands, so he could not com- pel obedience to the second. In both cases the con-science of the worshiper was the only allowed compul-sion; no legal process was appointed for the recovery of the tithes by the priests; no magistrate was empowered to collect them; and as the Almighty forbade that any additions should be made to the Mosaic law, no law to enforce their payment could be passed afterward. Ac-cordingly their payment throughout the Jewish history was voluntary. . . . The support of religion would be degraded if it ceased to be spontaneous: spontaneous zeal paid tithe; spontaneous contributions first built and then repaired both the tabernacle and the temple; and if the sovereigns of Judea contributed to these works, it was from their private property, and not from any public fund raised by the taxation of their subjects. By thus securing in the Mosaic economy that all such payments should be free, not even allowing the priests to obtain their tithes by any legal process, God has con-demned all compulsory payments for the support of re-ligion. But with us the state, having granted to the clergy their rent-charges and their church-ratefi, en-forces the payment of them; and if any reluctant non-conformist refuses payment, it is extorted by distraint. Our system, therefore, rests upon the compulsory pay-ments which God has by the Mosaic law condemned. 6. In all their great features, the Mosaic and the Anglican systems for the maintenance of religion are di-rectly opposed; and as the one has the sanction of the Almighty, the other must be contrary to his will. The Mosaic separation of the church and state condemns our union of the two, whatever the character of the state may be. Our system would remain unscriptural and mischievous if administered by kings like David and by statesmen like Daniel; but it becomes more glaringly op-posed to the practice of the Old Testament when we consider that it is administered by a state which is irre-ligious. What part did ungodiy kings take, by divine appointment, in the religious affairs of the Jews? In what degree were Saul and Manasseh commissioned to superintend the creed, the worship, or the discipline of the church of God in their kingdom? They had nothing to do with it. Had there been a union like ours, it would have subsisted through each successive reign, whatever might be the character of the sovereign: the church would have been as much united to Saul as to David, to Rehoboam as to Solomon, to Manasseh as to Hezekiah; but it was not in the least united to either of these three ungodly princes. They had no episcopate to discharge, no right to interfere; the system was complete without their aid, and went on as if they had not been in existence. According, therefore, to the precedents of the Old Testament, whatever influence might be allowed to a pious state,, an irreligious state ought to have none; but our state in its most powerful member representing an irreligious majority, must generally be irreligious; and as the Mosaic system excluded the irreligious king from 