THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 539 as any that was ever howled, through the streets. In 1793 its clOctrine of national sovereignty was ex-tremely popular in the French capital. When the people formed into mobs to take or destroy public or private property, to break up the sittings of their own legislative body, or to massacre the sus-pected, they eased their consciences with the argu-ment that they were the peopleŠthe sovereign peo-ple. What mattered it if they were violating the 'Constitution they themselves had recently adopted? What mattered it if they were violating the laws en-acted at their instance by their own representatives? It mattered not at all; they were the people=the '" sovereign nation." Nothing could bind them; they could not bind themselves, for to admit that would be to " rob " themselves of " the one power " in which they had " the greatest pride," and to " strip " them-selves of " the one operation," which was to them 4'  dearer than any other "Šthe right of doing as they pleased, sometimes termed the " sacred right of insurrection." Of course all this proved but one thing, and that was that they were utterly without the faculty of self-government. And so to-day, if there are people who are unfit for selV.government they are those who, having known and enjoyed all the blessings of free-clom, persist in violating and overturning the instru-ment which has proved to be the best safeguard for the rights of all the people of any protection yet set up by human legislators. People who do this judge themselves unworthy of freedom, and at the head of such people to-day is the New York Tribune. Of course there .is this distinction between the Tribune and the leaders of the Paris mobs. The Tribune does not want such sovereignty for.the mob. It simply demands that such soYereignty be in the hands of a few select men who are perfectly satisfied that in themselves resides "the preponderance of wisdom and ability to govern," and who are per- Ł fectly sure that the inalienable rights of men will be amply protected by the government they 'control be-cause of " the law of freedom instinct it its own being." The principle is the same in both cases, and is as dangerous in one of its manifestations as in the other. JoHN D. BRADLEY: (Concluded next week.) THE membersof the constitutional convention to be elected in Cuba on September is will meet in Ha-vana on the first Monday in December to " frame mid adopt a constitution for the people of Cuba." SUNDAY LAWS IN CONNECTICUT. THE question of enforcing Sunday observance has been brought to the front in Ansonia, Conn., and neighboring towns, by the circulation of a pe- . tition calling for the closing of business places on that day. The prosecuting attorney, when inter-viewed by a reporter for the Evening Sentinel, ex-pressed himself on the subject as follows: " If it was a question of a violation of the law upon which all parties are practically a unit, such as cases of arson, rape, murder, etc., of course I should have no hesitation in regard to my duty. The Sun-day law, however,, is one on which there is no unity of opinion, and it is largely a matter of individual opinion or conscience. ".One man holds that he should keep one day, another that he should keep another; still another believes in keeping the day in one way, while an-other does not believe in anything of the sort. To,  put the matter briefly, it seems to me as if we as a whole people, do not want the Puritanical Sunday any more than we do the German beer garden Sunday." The prosecuting- attorney clearly recognizes the fundamental difference between Sunday laws and laws for the suppression of those things agreed on by all people as criminal; yet he feels himself bound to enforce the law if called upon to do so, as he finally said to the reporter: " Certainly I shall not of my own volition at-tempt to settle the question, but if two person's will come before the and make complaint regarding an infraction of the law I shall, of course, as I have pre-viouslyŁstated, prosecute the offenders." Would it not be very much better if the whole force of the civil authority were directed to the sup-pression of-crimeŠthe protection of society against theft, assault, murder, etc., which at best are all too prevalentŠinstead of being in large part wasted upon the attempted enforcement of things concerning which people naturally disagree, and which many feel even conscientiously bound to oppose? Cer-tainly it must be true.that the former policy would render society more secure than does the latter. GOVERNMENT has no right to recognize anything but human rights. SIR CHARLES RUSSELL', late Lord Chief Justice of England, Iva* oman Catholic. 