112 THE .A.NIER1CAN 'SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 14. An2eFicar2 BeOhiel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL 24, 1889. NOTE. ŠNo papers are sent ny the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Baptist Ministers' Conference in New York was addressed recently by Col. Elliott F. Shepard, who, after giving the opinion of how Sunday should be observed, said :Š " Now it may be that someone will say, Very well, why don't you go to work and stop every street railway in the city and put your opinions in effect.' I do not affect to be the whole community. I have not got the legislative power of this State nor of this country under my control. I can only do humbly what little I am able to, and with the blessing of God I intend to do that." The only reason why he does not put his opin-ions into effect, and force everybody to act on Sunday just as he thinks they ought to, is that he hasn't the power. But the American Sabbath Union, of which he is president, is seeking to get the legislative power under its control, and then we may be sure that this country will be modeled after the opinions of the leaders of that association. It will then be a crime for a man to have an opinion of his own. OUR correspondent from Kentucky, William Covert, informs us that when the friends of Sun-day legislation were canvassing the city of Nash-ville, Tennessee, last fall, they recorded the names of the children in the Sunday-schools, upon their petition, asking for a Sunday law. His inform-ant, a lady in Nashville, whose name and ad-dress he gives, says that after the Sunday-law people had worked the Sunday-schools they came to her house for the signature of her husband, herself, and her son. The son is ten years old, and was a member of one Sunday-school, where the names of the children were taken for the pe-tition. If these names have not already been pre-sented to Congress, they will doubtless appear there next fall, all duly certified to as being the names of persons "twenty-one years of age or more." THE ministers of Cleveland, Ohio, unite in ask-ing the mayor of that city to enforce the law of Ohio, which reads as follows:Š "Whoever, on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday, participates in or exhibits to the public, with or without charge for admit-tance, in any building, room, ground, garden, or other place in this State, any theatrical or dra-matic performance of any kind or description, or any equestrian or circus performance of jugglers, acrobats, rope dancing, sparring exhibitions, va-riety shows, negro minstrelsy, living statuary, ballooning, or any base-ball playing, or any ten-pins, or other games of similar kind or kinds, or participates in keeping any low or disorderly house of resort, . . . he or she shall, on complaint made within twenty days thereafter, be fined in any sum not exceeding $100, or be confined in the county jail not exceeding six months, or both, at the discretion of the court." In other words, they want the State to put a premium on vice during the week, by declaring it wrong to keep open low and disorderly houses on Sunday. MONDAY evening, March 25, The Boston Dis-trict Committee of the American Sabbath Union was appointed, in the parlors of Joseph Cook, Mr. Crafts being present and officiating. The work of the committee is to organize State, county, and local Sunday associations in the New England States, except Connecticut. It consists of "all members of the American Sabbath Union in the territory indicatedŠnamely, the Hon. Alden Speare, vice-president of Massachusetts, and the Rev. Daniel Dorchester, D. D., both of Boston, and both appointed to membership by the Metho-dist General Conference ; the Rev. A. J. Gordon, D. D., Baptist vice-president, and Mr. W. N. Hartshorn, both of Boston, and the Rev. H. Hinckley, of Lynn, three of the representative members appointed by the Baptists ; Joseph Cook, the Rev. H. M. Dexter, D. D., the Rev. Arthur Little, D. D., the Rev. William C. Wood, all of Boston, and all honorary members with full privileges ; the Hon. Nelson Dingley, M. C. Lewiston,vice-president for Maine; Mr. J. G. Lane, Manchester,vice-president for New Hampshire; the Hon. Franklin Fairbanks, vice-president for Ver-mont. "This committee added to itself the Rev. Dr. Hazen, and the persons not already mentioned whose names appear below in another connection. This District Committee elected for its chairman the Rev. David H. Ela, D. D.; for vice-chairman, the Rev. J. B.-Dunn, D. D.; for district secretary, the Rev. Arthur Little, D. D. The District Committee then proceeded to organize a Boston Sabbath Committee, which is to supplement and co-operate with the work of the Law and Order League. On the committee were appointed the Rev. Arthur Little, D. D., the Rev. C. A. Bick-ford, editor of the Morning Star, the Rev. Charles Parkhurst, editor of Zion's Herald, the Rev. L. B. Bates, D. D., the Rev. William C. Wood, the Rev. A. H. Plumb, D. D., the Rev. A. J. Gordon,D. D., Mr. W. N. Hartshorn, the Hon. Alden Spears, ;the Rev. Daniel Dorchester, D. D., the Rev. Dr. Rogers, the Rev. J. H. Ross, Mr. H. M. Moore, Mr. L. Edwin Dudley, the Rev. D. Gregg, D. D., Hon. B. B. Johnson, the Rev. Frederick Boyles Allen, the Rev. William Graham, D. D., the Rev. A. P. Foster, D. D, and the Rev. D. H. Ela, D. D." This list has such a " reverend " appearance that many people will be in danger of supposing that the whole movement is a religious affair. Where are the "workingmen" with whom the thing is said to have originated ? WHEN the Tillman Sunday bill was under dis-cussion in the Arkansas Legislature, Senator Brickell "paid a high tribute to his venerable predecessor, the Hon. Robert H. Crockett, but [said] on the question, he was here to undo what his more brilliant and experienced predecessor had done." We think that it would be the part of wisdom for him to take some lessons from ex-perience. His predecessor was more experienced, but he proposed in his inexperience to undo his work. Senator Crockett's work was to secure a cessation of one of the worst persecutions that has ever disgraced this country. Senator Brickell, like Senator Tillman, proposes to revive that per-secution. Where did such men get their ideas of liberty ? One would naturally think that it was in Russia. Yet in all the ranks of the National Reform Association, and the American Sabbath Union, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, not a voice is heard in disfavor of such injustice. Notice to Subscribers- A FEW hundred subscriptions expire with this issue of the SENTINEL. Please examine the address label on your paper this week and see if your time is out or will expire soon. Our terms are cash in advance, so please renew at once and thus avoid missing  any numbers. Price, $1.00 per year, or if you send us five subscriptions at $1.00 each, we will send you the weekly AMERICAN SENTINEL one year free. The time of those who subscribed for the monthly paper, and whose date on the address label reads June, 89, expires with the weekly issue of March 27;  those of July, 89, with weekly issue of April 10 ; those of August, 89, with April 24;  of September, on May 8;  of Octoberyon May 22 ; of November, on June 5 ; and of December, on June 26. This closes up all the old monthly dates. J. J. Dean, M. D., of Florida, says:Š " Have been getting  signers to the petitions against the Blair bills and find nine-tenths of the people decidedly against any change in our Constitution when they come to fully understand the subject." A banker in Nebraska writes:Š "Inclosed find draft, etc.; commence my subscription with the first weekly number issued. I am very much pleased with the SENTINEL, and believe that its mission is a grand one. I believe quite a number of subscribers could be obtained here. A oout 400 signatures were obtained to the remonstrance against t' le Blair bills. " The town has been somewhat stirred over the agitation of Ł le Sunday-Rest bill, and the Religious Amendment to the Con-titution. Yours for the defense of American liberty. A lady in Kansas writes:Š " I find that the AMERICAN SENTINEL meets with much appre-ciation. I have taken 300 names against the Blair bills, and have left reading  matter at almost every house." E. J. Ross, of Rome, Mich., in renewing  for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, signs himself; "Yours for the liberty our forefathers supposed they bequeathed to us." The following are expressions of opinion from attorneys at law in various States: " I like your views on the Blair Sunday bill."`   "The subject that is now agitating the people is of vital im- portance.""I do not think that religion should be taught in the public schools." " I am opposed to any union of Church and State." " I am decidedly opposed to any instruction in Christianity in our free public-school system." Mayor John R. Glascock, of this city, in speaking of the Blair bills, says that they are "an infringement upon the personal liberty of the people. Church and State should be kept as far apart as possible. Let our schools teach knowledge and not religion." Agents Wanted. To canvass for the weekly AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, at $1.00 per year, to whom liberal cash commissions will be paid. Send now for sample copy, terms to agents, etc. M. L. Huntley, secretary International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich., is general agent for all that territory lying south of Pennsylvania and the Ohio River, and east of the Mississippi River Persons desiring to canvass in any State included in that territory will please apply to the secre-tary mentioned above. Canvassers in any other States will write to the State T. and M. secretary of the State in which they wish to work, or to AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. Agents' complete canvassing outfit for the SENTINEL alone, consisting of sample copies of the paper, guarantee cards, circulars, terms to agents, etc., sent free. Agents' complete canvassing outfit, including a sample copy of the illustrated pamphlet, " Pro-phetic Lights," post-paid, for 50 cents. Agents' complete canvassing outfit, including a sample copy of the illustrated, 500-page, cloth-bound, popular edition of "Great Controversy," for $1.00. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 