38 AMERICAN SENTINEL. government, that their ideas of heavenlycitizenship have become molded after the earthly pattern, which is coer-cion through punishment. Laws are therefore enacted by which men may be constrained outwardly to conform to certain religious observances to indicate that they are,  favorable to the reign of God's kingdom. Of course, those who themselves care nothing for the prosperity of God's government do not desire to coerce others to fol-low its requirements, and this accounts for the reason why straightout worldlings have never been found as persecutors of others on account of their religion. But since Satan has himself revolted from God's au-thority, it cannot be that be desires to coerce man into subjection to that kingdom. On the other hand, those who manifest a determination to be loyal to heaven's requirements, are sure to meet opposition, from the arch enemy of righteousness. Then, why does his system of government admit such procedure? It can arise from nothing else than the desire to oblige every one to be, at least outwardly, loyal to the government under which he finds himself. And inasmuch as it seems less harsh to appear to force people to be good rather than bad, cer-tain laws having a religious tinge, but being opposed to God's requirements, are promulgated, and those who are somewhat religious are drawn to believe the best thing to be done is rigidly to enforce such laws, thus aiding in the work of opposing the kingdom of God, while profess-ing to be loyal to it. This has ever been the system of tactics employed by Satan in his attempts to destroy the reign of God over men. On the other hand, the King of heaven sent his Son into the disaffected territory to point out to the enslaved ones a kingdom having a better system of government. So, as soon as he had received the public recognition of the Father by the anointing of the Holy Ghost, he began to preach "the gospel of the kingdom of God." Mark 1:14. Standing upon the enemy's territory, as in-dicated by B in the diagram, he pointed to that part of the universe, marked A in the diagram, which was still loyal to heaven, and said, "The kingdom of heaven is like a grain of mustard seed;" "The kingdom of heaven is like unto leaven;" "Like treasure hid in a field;" "Like a merchantman seeking goodly pearls," etc. Matt. 13: 24, 31, 33, 44, 45, and many other places. Choosing twelve apostles, he sent them forth also to tell men -of this same better kingdom, of which he was the representative, giving thew power to heal the sick, to cleanse the lepers, to cast out devils, and even to raise the dead, in order to demonstrate the nature of the king-dom to which they invited men to be loyal, and to show its life-giving power in restoring to soundness those who had become diseased through sin. ' Matt. 10:7,8. It should not seem strange that such teaching, ac-companied by such demonstrations, met with such de--cided and unqualified disapproval from Satan, since the -success of Christ's mission meant the overthrow of his system of government. He would not then, nor will he now, permit the true nature of God's kingdom to be pre- sented among men, without seeking the destruction of those attempting to do so. The reason for this will be considered in a following paper. J. O. C. Religious Liberty in the Friendly Islands. BY E. HILLIARD. THE people of the Friendly Island Kingdom claim that their constitution grants religious liberty. Doubt-less those who framed and adopted it aimed to have the principles on which governmental action is based, such as would be restrictive to the rightful liberties of none. It is evident that the design was to exclude all class leg-islation, and permit the enacting of only such laws as could be enforced alike upon-all. It reads:Š "There shall be but one law in Tonga for chiefs and commoners, for Europeans and Tongans. No law shall be enacted for one class and not for another class, but the law shall be the same for all the people of this land." ŠDeclaration of Rights, Art. 4. This constitution then declares religioueliberty for all in the following terms:Š "All men are free to practice their religion and to worship God as they may deem fit in accordance with the dictates of their own conscience, and to assemble for reli-gious service as they may appoint."ŠArt. 5. The remainder of this article prescribes the limits of this freedom. It says:Š "But it shall not be lawful to use this freedom to commit evil and licentious acts, or under the name of worship to do what is contrary to the law. and peace of the land." Any government has a right to restrict all acts that are an infringement on the rights of others. While the framers of this constitution, doubtless, intended that it should grant to all full religious freedom, yet it is appar-ent upon close examination that it falls somewhat short of this. Let us see. The article immediately following the one quoted above, is restrictive of religious freedom. It reads:Š "The Sabbath day shall be sacred in Tonga forever, and it shall not be lawful to do work or play games or trade on the Sabbath. And any agreement made or doc-ument witnessed on this day shall be counted void and shall not be recognized by the government."ŠArt, 6.* Why cannot legislators see that the Sabbath is a, religious institution, and that a man has a right to keep it as such or to disregard it entirely? True religious lib-erty involves the right to be a Sabbath-keeper or a Sab-bath-breaker. Is it not the privilege of every individual to keep any day he chooses? It certainly is. If, then, he chooses to keep some other day than the one declared to *This constitution was framed by Europeans, and adopted by both the European and native elements of the government. The European element. however, is the power behind the throne. 