270 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the saying of the Women's Christian Temperance Union in convention in 1887: The Women's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, national and world wide, has one vital organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one never dying enthusiasm, and that is that Christ shall be this world's kingŠyea, verily, this world's king in its realm of cause and effect. King of its courts, its camps, and its commerce, king of its colleges and cloistersŠking of its customs and Con-stitutions. . . . The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of the law through the gateway of politics. Thus would they make the God of righteousness, the Creator of the uni-verse, an earthly ruler by the corrupt means of politics, and this in the face of such authority as is found in their own, would-be, civil supreme law, the Bible, which, quoting Christ's own words, in John 18: 36, says, " My kingdom is not of this world." Whom then shall we believe ? But the seed sown has not been with-out its effect. How many know that in the State of Arkansas during the period frOm April 26, 1885 to May 16, 1887, there were twenty-one cases brought to court for Sunday labor, and every one con-demned, after it was proved conclusively that they observed regularly another day of worship ? Such is liberty under the Constitution of the United States ! Even now there is under bonds in Tennessee, R. M. King, for working on Sunday, after observing Saturday. The case has been appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States. His fine of seventy-five dollars could easily have been paid but his denomination preferred to make it a test case of the constitutionality of the laws of Tennessee. Representatives in eleven States and Territories of this boasted " free country " have promised to introduce Sunday rest bills. Stop for a moment and think of nations who have made religion compul-sory; where are they ? Did they suc-ceed ? You cannot drive people into the kingdom of God; they must go volunta-rily. Again we are continually confronted by efforts to introduce religioui instruc-tion into our schools, and the ministers of the different denominations are trying to compromise upon something that will please all. Think of it ! Compromise re-ligion by leaving it to the decision of school boards. But while there remains the spirit of liberty, which prompted our forefathers, there never will be found a level to which all must come. Although skepticism is not to be wished for or promoted, can this land be consid-ered as free, and, at the same time pro-hibit from its shores all those who cannot accept Christianity or the promulgations of a so-called Christian Government ? I will in closing . . . say history can leave no better admonition than that spoken by the greatest law-giver,  of all, " Render ye therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. THE Plaindealer, of Hastings, Michigan, speaks thus of the King case:Š As what has been accomplished in: Tennessee against-the Seventh-day people, may in other States be against those of other beliefs, or no beliefs, it is important that each and all be on the alert for liberty. None are safe. ŁŁŁ AT a meeting held in the Amphitheatre at Chau-tauqua, New York, on the 9th inst., in the interests of the American Sabbath Union, the following resolution, offered by Bishop Vincent, was enthu-siastically passed :-- Resolved, That in the interest of workingmen and in harmony with the teachings of the Holy Scriptures we, the representatives of churches here assembled, respectfully and earnestly request the proper authorities to close the gates of the Colum-bian Exposition on the Sabbath day. The Bishop evidently agrees with Mr. Crafts that " take the religion out and you take the rest out," and so left the religion in when writing this resolution. LIGONIER, Indiana, has a pastor that is an enthu-siast for Sunday laws. He has been stirring things there; and one man has been arrested for keeping a confectionary stand open on the vener-able day of the Sun. This zealous divine has not openly advocated the rack, thumb screw or stake yet, but is very mild in his threatening; he only thinks it is necessary to drive any man from town who will oppose Sunday laws. If the Lord Jesus Christ had the same spirit as the Ligonier minis-ter, he would drive the atheist, infidel, and all opposers of his laws out of the world, and not even give them a chance to see their wrongs and repent. With a proper regard for facts it is hard to frame a sentence like the last one so as not to say that such ministers do not have the spirit of Christ. To make the effort is only to fail. Petty Sunday Arrests. POLICEMAN WILLIAM WHATELY, of the Madison Street Station, entered Joseph Rifkin's dry-goods store on Sunday last and said: "Let me have a pair of white cotton gloves." " I don't sell anything on Sunday," replied the storekeeper, who knew Whately to be a policeman. " That's all right," remarked Whately, " You need n't fear me." The sale was made, and the storekeeper was ar-rested. He furnished bail in the police station. The same policeman entered David Alterman's grocery at No. 113 Division Street, and asked for shaving soap. " Come around to-morrow," said the groceryman. " No," replied the policeman, " I want it to-day." He was handed the soap, and the storekeeper was made a prisoner. He also furnished bail. " I wish you would employ yourselves other-wise," remarked Justice Duffy in the Essex Market Police Court yesterday, as he held the two men for trial. " I don't like to see policemen make such petty arrests."ŠNew York World, August 4. Policeman Whately of the Madison Street Sta-tion, in citizen's clothes, went to Solomon Jacobs' dry goods store at 35 Division Street, Sunday morn-ing. He found the door closed, but knocked until Mr. Jacobs opened it. " You can't buy anything here to-day," said Jacobs, "we are closed on Sun day." "But," the policeman told Jacobs, "I want to get ten cents' worth of ribbon for my little girl to tie her hair with so that she may go to church." Jacobs consented as a favor to sell the ribbon. Whately then arrested him. At Essex Market Court, yesterday morning, Justice Ryan said the arrest was an outrage, and discharged Jacobs. Š New York Sun, August 18. That such a man as this Whately is on the police  force is a disgrace to the city. It is true that Sun-day laws encourage and invite just such methods, but these arrests are none the less infamous. A man so utterly devoid of principle as this Whately has shown himself to be, is a dangerous man in any community, but he is doubly so as an officer. The most dispicable of all beings is a man who aspires to be a detective, but has only sufficient brains to adopt the very worse methods of the most unprincipled scamps that have ever disgraced the profession. C. P. B. e- The Inquisition Revived. STRANGE as it ma/ at first glance seem that in our free country, under the blazing light of history and modern progress, there should be established a fac-simile of the medimval Inquisition, it is, after all, only a logical necessity in the course of the de- velopment of that work which has for its aim the enforcement of religious dogmas and practices by law. Let no one, then, who has taken note of this work be surprised to learn that the modern inquisi-tion, a faithful pattern of the ancient one, is now set up, with full facilities for the apprehension and punishment of modern incorrigible heretics! The city of St. Paul has lately been the scene of profound agitation over the subject of Sunday rest, out of which has developed a "Rest-day League," the fifth article of the Constitution of which says: "Committees shall be appointed as follows: The secretary shall appoint an investigating com-mittee of four, known only to himself, the first of whom shall on the first week of each month, the second on the second, and so following, ascertain personally what violationsŠfirst, of the civil jaw, second, of the higher laws of GodŠare in progress, and report fully in writing to the secretary, who shall, in turn, inform the public authorities, so far as he can wisely do so, as to the violations of the State law, and the public as to these and all other wrongs related to the work of this organization." This is exactly what the Inquisition did in the Dark Ages. SpieS were put upon the track of all suspected persons, and as fast as they were discov-ered doing that which was in violation, " first, of the civil law ; second, of the higher laws of God," they were reported to the public authorities, appre-hended, and punished according to the approved methods of the times. Upon the Rev. ( 0 W. F. Crafts, more perhaps than upon any other, rests the unenviable notoriety of following foremost in the footsteps of the long-departed Torquemada. His utterances upon the occasion are calculated to dispel any lingering doubt which might exist in the mind as to the ani-mus of the whole proceeding. " You make the laws," said he to the assembled audience, ".and we'll enforce them ; " and further, speaking of the "investigating committee" of the new Rest-day League, "You furnish the light, and we'll furnish the lightning." So then all that now remains is for the inquisi- torial " lightning " to strike! L. A. SMITH. Sectarian Bigotry in Texas. THE following from the Sunday Gazetteer, of Denison, Texas, reveals about as curious a phase of combined bigotry and paternalism as has- ever come to our knowledge :Š Under the head, "A Nice Question," the Fort Worth Gazette publishes a dispatch from Austin which conveys the remarkable intelligence that those at the head of the Summer. Normal School at San.Antonio are in a quandary because several sisters of charity who have been in attendance at the school have passed creditable examinations and demand their certificates. They pretend that they don't know whether the certificates should be issued or not, because " the sisters belong to purely re-ligious orders, whose work is all done in the interest of the mother church, and their wages would go to the church, in derogation of the law that no part of the public school fund shall be used in the interest of any sect or church." The dispatch further continues that " the superintendent saw fit to refer the question to the attorney-general for his opinion in the matter." That such a question should be raised is extremely 