JrLY 25, 1895. Ł .A.1ME_HIELIECA_NT o 235 When it essays to change character, it suc-ceeds, if at all, only in making Men, hypo-crites. To bring ,the force of the, government to .bear-Upon the consciences of men is therefore the :worst possible way to attempt to make good. citizens;' for good citizens are not, identi-. teal with hypocrites. - The man who yields to force and regards not the dictates of his own conscience, will not be likely to regard the consciences of others. .No reform in charac-ter, therefore, can come through the ballot .hoi; 'but only a change in the .administra-tion of government. The reform that is to make, Men better must be wrought- by the grace of God, The one uplifting and trans-forrning;power that can be brought to bear upon. men . in , this world is the power of the :gospelŠ,  Ł is the: work of -the Church to " preach the gospel. to every creature." Mark 16:15. This includes Ministering to the physical as well as to the spiritual.-wants of mankind. .See. James,. 1:27; Matt. 25:31-46. And ..when the Church is doing this, her legitimate, God-appointed. work, she is doing all that it is: possible for, her to do toward making men .good= citiiens. Ł " UNCOVER ! " 1 "From, the Western Watchman, St. Louis, July 11.] seems we:were a little hasty last week in ,indorsing the petition of the preachers to the pope. We understood from the published extract from ;that document that the chief gravamen of the gentlemen was the difficulty they experienced in getting married in three 61' the .South American republics. . . . Blikaluil copy of the petition is now before As,: and we .learn that the dominies have .another grievance. It seems that some of them on the oecasionof the late Cprpus Christi melebration in Ecuador were—,on the streets when the procession passed by, and refusing to uncover to the host, their hats were re-.moved:from their heads by the populace. This involves a principle which we shall :never surrender. In Catholic countries Jesus _Christ, is ,recognized by law as a sovereign. Not. so in Protestant countries.. Being a soy-,ereiguiand present in the host he receives everywhere the marks of respect due to maj-esty.. When the mass is celebrated in the armies of Catholic States, arms are presented at the .elevation, as on the occasion of the passage of majesty. When the host is borne in the procession, kings and emperors un-cover to the majesty of the " King of *kings and Lord of lords." We may ex- ise preachers for their ignorance of theol-ogy; for their heresy in refuSing to believe the plain words of Scripture regarding the real presence; but we do not excuse them for ignorance of the laws of the country they proposeto.indoctrinate with their errors. If they go to countries where Jesus Christ is recognized as a sovereign they will have to pay him the respect due to his sovereign maj-esty. If they are so ignorant that they do not know, Jesus Christ under the veils of the 'sacrament, they will have to bear the conse-quences Of their ignorance. With the exception of a few thousand -preachers 'in Germany and a few more among the 'low church and evangelical preachers of 'Eng!and and the United States, the entire body of the Christian ministers of the world 'recognize Christ bodily and personally present 'in the eucharist. There are at least five hun-dred millions of nominal Christians in the World to-day. Of these over four hundred millions believe in the real presence. The others have' been brought up without -proper  theological training, and have taken upon themselves to propagate and perpetuate the ravings of a drink-crazed age of German an-archism. They may consider themselves lucky while the world 'continues to regard their religious vagaries as harmless; but when they take it upon themselves to obtrude their irreligious impertinence upon people of cor-rect and intelligent views, they will generally find that the laws of politeness apply even to religious intercourse. When these preachers leave the land that produced them and mingle with people who were brought up in the faith they will have to conform, at least in outward demeanor, to their changed religious environ-ment. If they go to Rome they will have to do as Rome does. If they go to Ecuador they will have to do what Ecuador does. And the pope will not be able to help them out. The disciple is not above his Master. The honor and respect the Ecuadorians pay to the sov-ereign majesty of Jesus Christ is the outward expression of the faith that is in them, and far from checking 'it, the pope would be the first of all men to encourage and reward it. Then good preachers should remember that the Ecuadorians did not send for them, and would not interpose any obstacle to their return to the country that pays them for their impertinence. They came as the self-elected champions of a Protestantism that was first leveled against Christian toleration, and they must not be surprised if they find their cause already tried in the balance and found want-ing by the very people they would insult with their " No, we cannot indorse the petition of the preachers to be allowed to view Corpus Christi processions in Catholic countries with their hats on. There is a limit to toleration when the demand is made to be permitted to affront the Majesty of heaven in the house of his friends. Ł -0- BAPTIST SYMPATHY BEAUTIFULLY EXPRESSED. IN our issue of July 4, the SENTINEL re-viewed an editorial from the Canadian Bap-tist, which attempted to justify the prosecu-tion of seventh-day observers in Tennessee for doing inoffensive labor on their own premises on Sunday. We were sorry to find so promi-nent a Baptist paper on the side of the perse-cutor, but endeavored to deal with this erring Baptist paper as tenderly as possible. We wondered at the time if the Canadian Baptist voiced the sentiment of Baptists of Canada on this point. The pastor of the Baptist church at Ceresco, Mich., has written us on this sub-ject, and we publish a quotation from his letter that will touch the hearts of the perse-cuted men and all who sympathize with them:Š Ceresco, Calhoun County, Mich. July 12, 1895. EDITOR AMERIMN SENTINELŠDear Sir: . . . The Canadian Baptist does not au- thoritatively voice the sentiments of the. Bap-tist denomination, nor does the editorial you so " tenderly probe" fairly represent the Bap-tists of Canada on the question of freedom of conscience. There are scores of Baptists, to-day, in the Dominion who would endure as much and as freely for religious freedom as did Roger Williams, John Bunyan, or any other godly hero who ever endured hardness in behalf of this glorious principle. Baptists have no use for the word, " toler-ate" except in its primal definition as derived  from tol, the root. word of tolla, to lift upŠnot the persecutor's sword, but rather some precious burden of duty or principle, or sorrow, or pain, as a banner, is lifted up, nay, as the cross is lifted up, to be borne manfully, heroically, and in patience as if for Christ's glory, and humanity's betterment. Said the bruised and bleeding Scottish mother to her boy who was being tortured in her presence, in hope of subduing her brave spirit when the persecutors' cruel thumbscrews had lailed: " Johnnie! my puir laddie, can ye thole it ?" " Aye, mither," said the dying boy, can thole it bravely, for Christ is wi me." Even so, praise the Lord, when godly Adventists to-day are called upon to suffer for conscience sake, they are enabled to thole brawly the prison pen, the chain-gang and financial plun- . der at the hands: of brutal oppressors and legalized highwaymen, because " Christ is wi" them. A touching illustration of human sympathy with sorrow and distress may be found in Cooper's " Pioneers." Old Leatherstocking is condemned to the " stocks " and to subse-quent imprisonment for an unconscious viola-tion of new-made and little-known game laws. His free spirit ill brooks the thought of such restraint and rebels against it as an act of injustice to an inoffensive and law-abiding old man. His soul recoils with abhorrence from the shame of the public stocks, but he is greatly relieved and comforted when a jolly old sailor sits down beside him on the bench and thrusting his hands and feet through a vacant portion of the stocks, caused' himself to be locked in with the shame-stricken old hunter in friendliest sympathy, vowing that if he could not alleviate his distress he would share in his cruel punishment. Baptists have dee-pest fellowship with, 'and extend most loving sympathy to, their Ad-ventist brethren in their brave fight against injustice and oppression, and like the afore-said " ancient mariner" would most gladly sit with them on the judgment bench " with their feet fast in the stocks."' Hence Baptists maintain that no religious body (or bodies), by reason of numerical preponderance or of State backing or support, has the right to interfere in the slightest degree with the conscientious beliefs of any well-ordered person or persons. They teach that toleration implies unwar-ranted assumption of power and authority over the minds and consciences of menŠa wide realm over which, under God, freemen themselves individually, are appointed to reign and rule as kings and priests. 'They agree heartily with Roger Williams when he avows most 'emphatically, that " the doctrine of persecution for cause of conscience is most evidently and lamentably contrary to' the doc-trine of Jesus Christ," and believe with you that they who, to-day, arouse from the dust of well-merited oblivion, obsolete, arbitrary and unjust laws to cruelly harass and punish godly men for conscience' sake are sadly lack-ing in the beneficent spirit of that loving, and compassionate Redeemer whom we all. profess to love, and whose gospel of peace and good-will we should exemplify in word and in deed. May God comfort and bless all who are in bonds for conscience' sake, and give theM the victory. Fraternally yours; A. G. CAMERON. Pastor Baptist Church. RELIGION' is not in.the purview of huthan government. Religion is essentially distinct from goVernment and exempt from its cogni-zance. A connection between them is injuri-ous to both.ŠJames Madison.- 