THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 547 ends must be gained whether the means employed are justified or not. "That this tendency is extremely dangerous to the well-being, if not the perpetuity of our nation, there can be no doubt; and when those in control of our Government can satisfy themselves in a certain course of action by saying if there is no constitu-tional orlegal warrant for it, there ought to be, it is a short step to a feeling among the people that if the laws made for their control and guidance do not permit them to do everything they desire, such laws may be despised and disregarded. " In view of impending dangers confessed by the statments of our country's need, no more lofty or important work can employ the efforts of Christian workers, than the earnest revival of Reverence for Law.' "Yours very truly, " GROVER CLEVELAND." Writing under date of June 9, Mr. Harrison re-ferred to a speech made by him at Knoxville; Tenn., April 14, 1891, in which he said: "We live in a government of law. The compact of our organization is that a:majority of -our people, taking those methods which are prescribed by the Constitution and law, shall determine our public policies and choose our rulers. It is our solemn compact; it can not safely be broken. We may safely differ about policies., we may divide upon the question as to what shall be the law; but when the law is once 'enacted no community can safely divide on the question of implicit obedience to the law. It is the one rule of conduct for us all. I may not choose as President what laws,' will enforce, and the citizen may not choose what laws he will obey. Upon this broad principle our institutions rest. If we save all the agitations and tumults of our campaigns, exciting though they may be, will be harmless to move our Government from its safe and abiding foundation. If' we abandon it, all is gone. Therefore my appeal everywhere is to hold the law in veneration and reverence. We have no other king; public officers are your servants; but in the august and majestic presence of the law we all un-cover and bow the knee." T'nis "special service " forty-three Providence churches, simply illustrates the way In which the young people, not of a single City but of the whole country, are being trained. Instead of being in-structed in the principles,of justice which underlie all just-statutes, they are taught the enforcement of "law as law; " greater " reverence for law;" and. to " uncover and bow the knee" " in the majestic pres- ence of 'the law," simply because it is law, or rather because it is statute. Very much is statute that is not law. Law exists in the very nature of things. Just statutes simply declare the law of _nature. "This law of nature," says Blackstone, "being coeval with mankind, and dictated by God himself, is of 'course superior in_ obligation to any other. It is binding over all the globe; in all countries, and at all times. No human laws are of any validity if contrary to this; and such of- them as are valid derive all their force, and all their authority, mediately or immediately, from this original." - If more were said to the young about the majesty of hunian rights, if they were, taught that rights are God-given, that they, exist in the very i  nature of thirigs, that -rights are everywhere equal, and to be respected as much in the humblest man as in the most exalted, there would be, less need to insist upon the enforcement of " law as law." And this is the instruction that all the people must have if popular government is to be main-tained. It is just as impossible for a community, to make itself law-abiding by statutes as it is for an in-dividual to make himself moral by good resolutions. The individual will be moral only as he is genuinely attached to the principles of morality. In like man-ner and for exactly the, same reason, a community will be law-abiding only as the individuals in that community are genuinely attached to the principles of justice. The .passionate man may resolve ever so sincerely never to swear again, but unless his motive is real reverence for the name of God, his "good resolution" will be broken under ,the first provocation. Just so with a community; statutes will be respected only as the people are genuinely '.attached to the principles underlying them. In the early history of our country, principles'  were emphasized. Much was said of the value of liberty and of the sacredness of human rights. As a consequence laws were founded upon justice,-and human rights were respected. Now statutes are en-acted with little reference to underlying principles, human rights are made light of, and as a consequence law is disregarded and rights are trampled into the dust. B. THE appliCation of Christian - principles to na, tionar - affairs would "certainly,:  do aWaY,  with war. Mayor ,Samuel Ill Toledo, O. 