Nxw YORK, MARCH 29, 1900. 2Q8 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Mound Volumes of. the SENTI-NEL -far 1899 are now ready for delivery. Priees as formerly. Cloth With leather back and corners, 42.50. Heavy manila paper, $1.50, postpaid. READ the article in this issue by Prof. W. W. Prescott, cm-religious liberty, as taught by the experience of the greatest ‚ing of ancient Babylon. The events, are ancient history, but the lessons they teach are as applicable now as they were then. THE effort, in Mississippi, to put two seventh. day observers on trial a second time for the same "offense" after they had been acquitted, in the interests of Sunday observance, met with speedy and complete failure. See p. 194. The people of that State do not countenance such an unjust proceeding, and in any other cause it would probably not have been attempted. SUCH accounts as that published on another page relating to a youth in Nebraska who was expelled from the public school for refusing to par-ticipate in military drill, and then arrested and dragged into court as a vicious character, although his de-portment as a pupil had been uni-formly excellent, are not calculated to cause right-minded people to long for the extension of the military spirit and system in this country. As men lose thelove of justice, liberty and peace, however, it is but natural -that the opposite spirit should take its place. at IT is being seriouslyargued to-day even by prominent journals that be- cause the Constitution did not (in the days before the war) of its own force extend slavery into- the pew territories of the Ł United States, therefore the Constitution does not now of its Own force extend freedom to the new territory taken from Spain. Such an argument is alto-gether fallacious. Slavery did not represent the Constitution or the Government; it was a blot upon the Government. Freedom, on the other hand, is the very essence of the governmental system which the Con-stitution embodies; and when the Government is extended, freedom, by the force of the Constitution, nec-essarily goes with it. When men fix their gaze too intently on techni-calities, they generally lose sight of the principles which lie at the founŠdation of the whole subject. THE Sabbath was ordained to give man something more than mererest; for on the seventh day God "rested and was refreshed." All that the Creator designed in giving the Sab-bath is secured to man through the gospel; but the restraints imposed by legislatures and courts can pro-vide neither rest nor refreshment. SELF-GOVERNMENT is a simple art in itself, but civilization has made of it a complex system, altogether beyond the intellectual grasp of the inferior races. But because these people cannot govern themselves af-ter the American system, we need not conclude they cannot govern themselves in any way. Govern-ments are instituted among men to preserve rights and any people who respect human rights are qualified to make a success of self-government. Je THE Russian government, it is re- ported, is about to issue a decree for the abandonment of the old-style Julian calendar and the adop-tion of the Gregorian calendar in its stead, which has long been in use by other civilized nations. There is a difference of twelve days between the  two systems of rec.koning; neverthe-less the change ,from one to the other-will not in any way affeet-days of the week, notwithstanding the many and emphatic assertions we have heard that the Sabbath must have been lost at the reforms of the calendar instituted by JuIins Czesisr and Pope Gregory. ACCORDING to the returns from the religious census lately taken. in Phil adelphia, as published in The Inde-pendent, out of 239,631 families visited, only twenty-two persons re-ported themselves as atheists or agnostics. Doubtless Philadelphia contains fewer people of this Class,  proportionately than many sections of the country; yet we are ohliged to conclude from these figuresjthat real atheists and agnostics ar not numerous anywhere in the U ited Ł States. A vast number of peo e do not go to church and seem dif-ferent about religion; yet the be" lieve in the existence of God. I thee.  fault theirs? or does it lie at the door of the church ? SOME excellent thoughts by The Outlook, relative to the controversy over the question of admitting reli-gious teaching into the public schools, are presented on another page. This question is being widely agitated at the present time, and is one upon which people every where need to become well informed. THE news from Kentucky shows that the faculty of--self-government continues to be a lost art in that section of the United States. There seems to be no logical reason why that State should not be benevo-lently assimilated. THE argument that the "United States of America" is a designation applying only to the States and not to the territory under the Govern-ment's authority, is one that proves altogether too much. See _p. 200. And "that which proves too much proves nothing at all." 