338 A.MERIFEI CAN.  SEINrIPINIEL,,, VOL. 10, No. 43. But it most unluckily happened. that the doors were under the protection of the household gods, that the laurel was sacred to the lover of Daphne, and that garlands of flowers, though frequently worn as a sym-bol either of joy or mourning, had been dedicated in their first origin to the service of superstition. The trembling Christians who were persuaded in this in-stance to comply with the fashions of their country and the commands of the magistrates, labored under the most gloomy apprehensions from the reproaches of their own conscience, the censures of the church, and the denunciations of divine vengeance.' To transgress these time-honored social customs was more than simply to offend the religious sensibilities of the people. Any disrespect to the gods of Rome was disrespect to the Roman State, because the two were so closely connected. These pagan rights which were so interwoven with the lives of the peo-ple, were not merely religious, but they were civil institutions as well; hence, to become a Christian was to be arrayed not only against the religion of Rome, but against the Roman Empire. It was for this reason that pagan Rome persecuted the early Christians. Such was the logic of paganism in the palmy days of the Roman Empire, and such the " justification " of intolerance in the American Republic in the closing decade of the enlight-ened 19th century. In his dictum in the King case in Tennessee, August 1891, United States Judge Hammond said of Sunday en- forcement :Š The courts cannot change that which has been done, however done, by the civil law in favor of the Sunday observers. The religion of Jesus Christ is so inter-woven with the texture of our civilization and every one of its institutions, that it is impossible for any man or set of men to live among us and find exemp-tion from its influences and restraints, Sunday ob-servance is so essentially a part of that religion that it is impossible to rid our laws of it, quite as impos-sible as to abolish the custom we have of using the English language, or clothing ourselves with the gar-ments appropriate to our sex. The logic of personal liberty would allow, perhaps demand, a choice of gar-ments, but the choice is denied. So civil or religious freedom may stop short of its logic in this matter of Sunday observance. It is idle to expect in govern-ment perfect action or harmony of essential princi-ples, and whoever administers, whoever makes, and whoever executes the laws, must take into account the imperfections, the passions, the prejudices, re-ligious or other, and the errings of men because of these. There is in this much of mere sentiment. But it was not for a theory merely that Rome pursued the Christians. Rome claimed to be supreme, to hold in her hands absolutely the destiny of every citizen. To become a Chris-tian was to challenge the supremacy of Rome; it was to deny the authority that was claimed by the Roman State. Thns what we call persecution in Rome was to the Romans, simply enforcing the law. From their standard they could pursue no other course. The emperors were under sol-emn obligation to their subjects to maintain unimpaired the authority of the Empire, and the better the emperors, the more regard they had for the government, the more conscien-tious in the discharge of their duties, the more intolerant they were toward those who challenged their authority. The Emperor, Marcus Aurelius, was a man of spotless character. " This man," says John Stuart Mill, "a better Christian in all but the dogmatic sense of the word, than al-most any of the ostensibly Christian sovereigns who have since reigned, persecuted Chris-tianity." And why? Because as Mill says: " No Christian more firmly believes that athe-ism is false, and tends to the dissolution of society, than Marcus Aurelius believed the same things of Christianity."' As a ruler Marcus Aurelius "deemed it his duty not to suffer society to fall to pieces; and 1  "Decline and Fall," Chap. XV., par. 15, 16. 2  " Mill on Liberty." saw not how, if its existing ties were removed, any others could be formed which could again knit it together. The new religion openly aimed at. dissolving these ties; unless, there-fore, it was his duty to adopt that religion, it seemed to be his duty to put it down. Inas-much, then, as the theology of Christianity did not appear to him to be true or of divine origin," " the gentlest and most amiable of philosophers and rulers, under a solemn sense of duty, authorized the persecution of Chris-tianity." But Christianity finally prevailed in the Roman Empire to the extent that Rome ac-knowledged the right of every man to freedom of conscience, and proclaimed such freedom to all. It was then that the papacy, though in its infancy, took from the world the liberty which had been won for it through the suf-ferings of the early Christians, and another sys-tem was established more intolerant, more de-spotic, even than paganism. Through the Dark Ages this power held sway over the consciences of men. In the Reformation of the 16th century the true principle was again asserted; and to this the liberty of conscience which we enjoy to-day is due. But the high-water-mark of human lib-erty has been reached and already the ebb has commenced. Men are turning again to pagan maxims and methods. Again, to the State is assigned the place which belongs alone to God. " 'Law' must be enforced whether right or wrong," and "nothing is persecution which is authorized by ' law.' " Thus reasoned the pagans when endeavoring to stamp out Christianity because it opposed itself to the laws of the Roman Empire prior to the rise of Constantine; thus reasoned the papacy in the Dark Ages, and thus reasons the popular Christianity and .so-called Chris-tian civilization of to-day. And if the principles advocated in the 19th century in the United States are true, then all the persecution of the past stands justified, for it has only been the enforcement of civil law. CONSCIENCE IN POLITICS. POLICE COMMISSIONER ROOSEVELT has written a letter to a leading representative of the "good government" political party in this State, in which, whine expressing his ad-miration for the " conscience vote ' in poli-tics, he also affirms that this vote should pay due attention to " questions of expediency." Mr. Roosevelt is a warm supporter of the fusion ticket, and asserts that the "good gov-ernment" party, in running a separate ticket, furnishes an example of "the conscience vote gone wrong." This vote ought, in other words, to be given to the fusion party, be-cause that is the only one that can hope to be successful against those who are deemed the enemies of political purity. This brings up the simple but important question whether the voter's conscience is to reform politics, or allow itself to be " re-formed' thereby. It appears to us that any good conscience which has " fused " with the:  principles of the fusion platform, has suffered a downward "reform" quite equal in extent to the elevation it seeks to bring to the politics which it touches. The reader will remember that this fusion platform advocates a Sunday which, while suppressing all " unnecessary" labor in the interests of public morality and health, admits,  of " orderly and harmless recreations," and such a measure of freedom in the selling of beer, tobacco, and the necessaries of life as may be deemed not in conflict with the pur-suance of religious exercises and devotions.  We cannot see how any one who regards Sun-day as a sacred day, can be blamed for inabil-ity to make his conscience fuse with this idea of Sunday observance. Such facts clearly point out the necessity of keeping politics and religion entirely separate. If religion has any proper place in politics, then, in the issue which is now before the people, the conscientious voter must vote for such a degree of Sunday observance to be en-forced by law as his conscience tells him to be right and in harmony with his convictions as to the character of the day. And he who believes Sunday to be a sacred day cannot, without violating his conscience, vote for the establishment of any observance which is not in harmony with that conception. The truth is, that when religion is dragged into politics, the result is always a degradation of religion, and in very many instances, a degradation of the consciences of the voters. And this is certainly not the way to secure the purification and elevation of politics. NEITHER INCREDIBLE NOR INCONSISTENT. THE bishops of the Protestant Episcopal Church, assembled at Minneapolis, Oct. 22, issued their " pastoral address," in which, we are told, the chief points of interest are the references " to the massacre of Christian mis-sionaries in China, and the Sunday observ-ance law." Concerning the latter the address says:Š Recent events in some parts of our country compel us to call your earnest attention to a widely spread and determined attack upon the use and purpose of the weekly day of rest known at the beginning of the Christian era, as the Lord's day. It is declared in the law of God to be his own day, and by the Saviour of man to be "made for man." It is protected by a divine command and by the perpetual, sanctity of a human right. Men may and ought to worship God every day, but for the greater assurance of this duty one day in seven has, with the formal sanction of all Christian civilization, been set apart for its due ob-servance. This order cannot be disturbed without grave evils to the individual and the family, to society and to State. It seems almost incredible that our modern life should be capable of bringing into play any powers of evils that could seriously threaten the existence of so divine and beneficient an institution. And yet the peril and disaster of such a menace confront Christian people in wide areas of the country. We exhort you, dear brethren, to meet this menace with unfaltering courage and resolute determination, and in no oppor-tunity that may be presented to decline battle with the insatiate greed of the liquor traffic and the grow-ing desire for popular pleasures and amusements, which with increasing boldness claim all days alike for their uses. These words are, of course, spoken with reference to " the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday." It is the growing dis-regard of this day as a religious institution that is viewed by these bishops as an occasion of alarm and an " almost incredible" feature of " our modern life." Yet these bishops know very well that the day " declared in the law of God to be his own day, and by the Saviour of man to be ' made for man,' " is not the first day of the week at all, but the seventh day. They know that God's Word never calls the first day of the week the Sabbath, or a sacred day, or commands anybody to keep it. It is by the will and the wisdom of man that the reverence and honor due the seventh day of the week, and given to it by God's people of old, have been transferred to the first day. Now, cannot these bishops, and all other people as well, see that there is nothing more " incredible" in this modern laxity of Sunday observance, than there was in the transfer of Sabbath obligations from the seventh day to a day never called the sabbath by divine sane- 