364 VoL. 10, No. 46. was deemed an insufficient reason for church absence. Not only the Puritans themselves, but those of other denominations, such as Episcopalians and Quakers, were fined for non-attendance on public worship in the Puritan meeting-house. The Quakers were fined and set in the stocks and caged and whipped for refusing to attend the meetings of the church they hated, and where numbers hated them. And as they were whipped if they came within. the Puritan meet-ing-house and expressed dissatisfaction by word or demeanor, and whipped if they stayed away, it was truly well for them to fly to Rhode Island's welcoming arms as " a place for their setting down satisfyed." It would not seem to us to-day that the church serv-ices of the Puritans could always have proved attract-ive to church-goers. The meeting houses were barren, uncomfortable edifices; unheated in winter, unshaded in summer. Tie seats therein were usually hard and narrow. The services were over-long. Interminable prayers were followed by still longer sermons, the reading of which to-day seems to us well-nigh impos-sible not only through the bewilderment of mind oc-casioned by the use of obsolete doctrinal and symbol-ical phrases, but also through the depth of chilling dullness into which the reader sinks through the ab-sence of spirituality of theme and treatment. As Carlyle said : " By human volition they may be read to-day, but not by human volition remembered." Let us have faith that in the original delivery of these sermons, the earnestness and Christian endeavor of the preacher gave a purport and interest to the words that we lose to day in the manuscript or printed pages. They were certainly deeply beloved of the original hearers, and cherished as powerful exponents of God's Word, as were also the hour-long prayers, and even the tuneless psalm-singing which survived a century of singing by ear, of leadership through memory only, with no sustaining instrumental accompaniment, no recruit of new music, no positive knowledge of the old, and above all with the odious custom of '`lining"  or " deaconing " the words. Truly, nothing but ab-solute religious faith could have preserved that ca-cophonous remnant of music a century and made it the source of spiritual inspiration which it proved to the Puritan then and ever after in its renovated life. The distance from the home to the meeting house was often great, and of ten obstructed. The roads were poor, the means of conveyance inadequate; but all this proved no hindrance to church going. We must remember, throughout the recounting of the many obstacles to church attendance, the many draw-backs, inconveniences and failings of the church serv-ices that the true Puritan loved the sabbath, and all it represented to him, with a devotion so intense that he gloried in the obstacles and clung to the drawbacks. He was, like Elijah, jealous for his Lord of hosts. But there was also an element of tenderness in their devotion which found some expression in the quiet and orderliness of the day. Dear to the children of the Puritans and the Pilgrims was the descending hush of their sabbath eve, and the tranquil rigidity of their sabbath day; true token it seemed to them, not only of the rest decreed in the creation of the world, but of the eternal rest of the hereafter. The universal quiet of the day showed also a pure and unquesting faith which knew no compro-mise in religion, no half way obedience to God's law, but rested absolutely on the Lord's day, as was corn-'manded. This implicit obedience to the letter as well as the spirit of the Word was one of the typical traits of the character of the Puritans, and was to them a vital point of their belief. To this day, among those of Puritan descent, and of faith in the truth and value of the lives of their Puritan ancestors, there still clings a somewhat Puritanic regard of the sabbath; and it is certainly true that in many communities, if a meeting were held, as of old, to get the " Town's Mind" with regard to sabbath observance, that if or-derliness and quiet and religious respect to the day could not be enforced by law through fine or impris-onment, -there would at least be expressed with force the old-time sentiment of the town of Belfast as to sabbath-breaking and sabbath-breakersŠ"that all who work or make unnecessary Vizits on the Sabbath, they shall be Look't on with Contempt." One may be pardoned for doubting that  the "sabbath" described in these paragraphs was indeed " dear to the children of the Pu-ritans and the Pilgrims." The Puritan " sab-bath " resembled too much the "sabbath " of the Pharisees, which, though occurring on the divinely-appointed day, was made burdensome by human regulations. The true SabbathŠthe Sabbath of the LordŠour Lord kept, as he himself had made it; but the sabbath of the Jews, as they had made it, he violated by doing upon it acts of mercy which their law, or traditions rather, forbade. In the light of the plain statement of the Scripture that " the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord," it seems strange to read that " implicit obedience to the latter as well as the spirit of the Word was one of the typ-ical traits of the character of the Puritans." Where in all the Word of God is anybody di-rected to keep the day held sacred by the Puritans ? THE AMERICAN INQUISITION. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINELŠDear Sir : The illustrated number of your valuable paper of Aug. 15, 1895, lies before me, and lan-guage fails me to give expression to my feelings as I hear of my fellow-creatures being thus persecuted for conscience' sake. I have read with horror of the inhuman deeds of the ec-clesiastical butchers who did the bidding of that sacrilegious tribunal, the Roman Inqui-sition, where prisoners were, by the " mother of harlots," immured in filthy dungeons with-out light, without air, where they suffered with cold, were covered with vermin; with no sound to break the sombre silence of their dismal dwelling-place, other than the creaking of the machinery with which their immolators applied the torture, mingled with the sobs and moans of the maimed and dying. I had hoped that the inquisitorial fires of the past having gone out, the blackened ruins which remain as a mark of the infamous work of that dread tribunal would serve as a sufficient warning to succeeding ages. But with sadness I see that America, from whose shores I am now absent as a missionary, though once the " home of the free," is fol-lowing the example of the nations of the Dark Ages, by becoming a persecutor. And lib-erty, the most priceless boon of God to man, and that for which our forefathers pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor, is no more. The parallel between the present.and the dark past is complete. Torres de Castilla, in his work entitled, " History of Political and Religious Persecu-tions," Vol. 1, p. 787, speaking of the Roman Inquisition, says:Š The criminals are there confounded together; not only are there those condemned for cases of conscince, but also malefactors judged by the ordinary tribunals, and it is not a rare thing to see bound to the same chain an honorable man, condemned for suspicion of Judaism, because he was never seen to eat pork, and a brigand or a robber on the public roads. That the Tennessee Inquisition is a repro-duction of this, and is, therefore, a disgrace to American civilization and jurisprudence, is clear. Then criminals, and those con- demned for " cases of conscience" were con-founded together. So are they in Tennessee. Then some were criminals, and some were those who dared to worship the Lord of, hosts as their conscience dictated. Then an " hon-orable man" and the perpetrator of some out-rage were chained together. So in Tennessee; the Adventists are honorable men. This was admitted by the judge who sentenced them. Their sole crime(?) consisted in prac-tising what their persecutors call a kind of  " Judaism," viz., keeping the commandments of God as they read. This in the Dark Ages sent then to work in chains. It does the same in Tennessee. That was the Inquisi-tion, and this in Tennessee is the the Inqui-sition. Was there ever a more complete par- allel? Never. That iniquitous institution which was the scourge of past ages, has lifted its head in "free(?) America," and persecu-tion stalker through the land. Here in this part of the earth are many in whose minds the gospel shines but dimly, and who bow down to wood and stone, and commit many deeds of cruelty. Yet these deeds have been rivalled by many committed in the name of Him who on Calvary prayed for his mur-derers. And as I scan in vain the map of civ-ilization, from the frozen regions of Siberia to the sunny slopes of California, for a place where religious freedom is the perfect guar-antee of every man, involuntarily the query arises in my mind, Will the aborigines of the Dark Continent become the conservators of religious liberty, and offer an asylum to the oppressed, as did the red man of the New England forests in the days of Roger Will-iams ? With the persecuted, as a friend and brother, I can, and do, sincerely sympathize. Yet they do not need it, for no greater honor can fall to the lot of mortal man, than to be " counted worthy to suffer shame for His name." It is their persecutors who are in need of pity. When they stand before the last tribunal, where God, and not man, shall be the Judge, and from whose decision there will be no appeal, then their work will appear as it is. It is to be hoped that "blindness in part" only has happened unto them, and that they, like the Pharisees of old, will go and " learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice." Yours truly, G. B. THOMPSON, Grahamstown, S. Africa, Sept. 30, 1895. EXPENSIVE PERSECUTION. PERSECUTION. [The Leader, Dayton, Tenn. Nov. 8.] LAST Tuesday disposed of the remaining cases against the Seventh-day Adventists in this county. Hon. H. C. Snodgrass, of this city, and Col. Shepherd, of Chattanooga, de-fended the accused Adventists, verdicts of not guilty being returned in every case but one, and that was dismissed by the attorney general. Thus ends a series of religious persecutions that were a disgrace, as as well as an injury, to the county, and ought not to have been commenced. We say religious persecution, because the facts show nothing else. There are hundreds of men within sight of the courthouse, and elsewhere in the county, who labor at their usual avocations every Sunday and they were not molested, for no reason under heaven only that they were not Adventists. But the big-oted grand jurors of the last November and March terms, with a spirit of fanaticism and intolerance worthy of the dark ages, shut their 'eyes to the Sunday lawlessness that is being carried on openly under their very noses here in Dayton and elsewhere in the county, while they raised their hands in holy horror over the alleged wickedness of a little band of Seventh-day Adventists down at Graysville, five miles away! And it is a fact that cannot be controverted that there was scarcely a man on those two grand juries who is not violating the Sunday laws of the State, either in spirit or in letter, at least fifty-two days in the year. Why, it is a notorious fact that some of the members of those grand juries who found in- 