472 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 'My KINGDOM ~Sa MOT6OF THIS kVoRLo: "Nof,by might nor by power but byspi ri t-edith the Lord eaof hostgaia. THE FAITHFUL BRIDE AND THE FALLEN WOMAN. TUE last act of sin%awful tragedy is presented in the closing chapters of Relation by means of the most startling symbolical scenes. The two central symbols in these scenes are two won-derful women. The one wonderful because of her infinite purity, the other wonderful on account of her unspeaka-ble shame. One is represented as "clean," the other as "filthy." The striking contrast in character appears also in clothing Of one it is written: "To her it was granted to be arrayed with fine linen, clean and white ;" of the other, "and the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color decked with gold and precious stones and pearls." One is dressed in the righteousness of saints; the other is drunk with their blood. One is clad by her lawful hus-band, the other by thowho share her shame. One is clothed by the King of heaven, the other by the kings of the earth; one with the loyal white of her heavenly King, and the other with the purple and scarlet of earthly courts. One faithfully waits for her husband from heaven, the other shamefully revels with the rulers of earth; one is a stranger to earth, the other is a stranger to heaven. These two women have nothing in common. They symbolize opposing kingdoms; one is a friend of God, the other a friend of the world. Of one it is written: "Ye adulterers and adulteresses, know ye not that the friend-ship of this world is enmity against sod?" Of the other,  "Ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." It is hardly necessary to state that these two women symbolize two churches, one "the church of a living God," the other, "the synagogue of Satan." Paul wrote to the church at Corinth, "I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chaste virgin to Christ." All through the Scriptures a pure woman represents the true church of Christ, and an impure woman a fallen church. Though the Lord left his church in a persecuting world, he did not leave her powerless. "Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." "Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from on high." The story of the apos tolic church, the church of the Holy Ghost, throbs with power:Š "All of one accord"Š"a sound from heaven"Š"a rushing mighty wind"Š"tongues of fire" Š"filled with the Holy Ghost"--"great power"Š"pricked in their heart"Šcrying "what shall we do"Š"three thousand souls" saved Šlame man "leaping and praising God"Š"wonder and amazement" ŠPharisees frightenedŠsoldiers afraidŠhypocrites fleeŠStephen steadfastŠstoned to deathŠ"Threatening and slaughter" ŠSaul prostrateŠPaul "filled with the Holy Ghost"Š"confounded the Jews"Šstoned to deathŠdragged out of the city 'resurrectedŠfeet fast in the stocksŠ"midnight"Š"praises unto God" Š"a mighty earthquake"Š"doors were opened"Š"bands 