AP3IERICAN SENTINEL. 553 the utter repudiation of "councils," general and special, and of all their works. The Word of our Lord and Saviour is its code of laws, its only authority for points of religious faith and of religious practice. Not what has "the church" desired, but what did He do and say, is the sole question with which Protestantism has any concern. And upon "this rock" does Protestantism split to pieces when "the Sunday question" is in issue. Within the compass of divine revelation, as Protestant-ism receives it, there is no warrant, either in language or action, for the injunction not to "Judaize" by observing the Sabbath. Gentlemen who undertake to deal with this matter from the standpoint of the Protestant pulpit sim-ply invite disaster and reproach. "MAN," says Macaulay, "is so inconsistent a creature that it is impossible to reason from his belief to his con-duct, or from any one portion of his belief to another." This general axiom is so commonly illustrated in the daily life around us that its manifestation occasions no surprise to any observant mind. But I think it is a little remarkable to find men clinging with peculiar and con-spicuous tenacity to the one article of their professed be-lief which gives the lie to all the restŠthe insistance on which is utterly inconsistent with all their other profes-sions, and which cuts the very foundation from under the entire fabric of their avowed faith. And this is the psy-chological phenomenon presented by thousands of Prot-estants in their position on the Sunday question. Fox, I verily believe that there is no point of their entire theological system which these men would not sooner give up than this dogma of Roman Catholicism, that Sunday shall be substituted for the Sabbath. This badge of their servitude to Rome they flaunt in the face of the world, as if, in good sooth, they were proud of the collar that they wear. Calling upon all good men and true to unite against this enemy of American institutions, seeking to exclude the members of Rome's communion from all public positions of honor and trust; crying out in the next breath that the work of Romanism in the ef-facement of the Sabbath day shall be perpetuated as an "institution," and submission thereto be made compul-sory on all by means of penal enactment; and declaring that beside this great issue, all that Luther and Melanc-thou and Calvin and Wycliffe stood for is dwarfed into insignificance! Surely, there is something anomalous here. IT must be borne in mind that the point is not the manner or way in which Sunday is to be observed. It is perfectly true that in this regard there is a great differ-ence between Catholic practice and Protestant practice.  The chief observance exacted by the Roman church is at-tendance at "mass," at least once during the day. For the balance of the time, the faithful, it seems, are left pretty much to their own devices. On the other hand, most "evangelists" deem it righteous to abstain through-out the whole twenty-four hours alike from labor and from diversion. But this distinction is immaterial. 1.t To observe, or mark out, or distinguish, the day from other days in any fashion whatsoever on religious grounds is to accept the Roman Catholic church as a religious ruler and guideŠto acknowledge her supreme authority, to confess her right to command us that we shall leave un-done the thing that the Master did, and do, instead, in the name of His religion, that which he never did. Thus millions of Protestants weekly pass under the yoke, and, mirabile dicta, they are proud of it ! VERY suggestive is the announcement lately made in our European dispatches that Pope Leo is studying "the arbitration question" with deep interest. The desire to pose as the arbiter of international affairs is no new thing at Rome. The popes have ever been keenly alive to the exaltation of such a position, and the hold it would give them on the minds, if not the affections, of mankind. There was a time when this position was claimed as a matter of right by the successors of St. Peter. Gerohus, a writer in the twelfth century, pub-lished a work containing a scheme for universal and per-petual purification, "as feasible certainly," says Mr. Hillam, "as some that have been planned in later times." According to this scheme, all disputes between govern-ments were to be referredŁto the pope; any sovereign re-fusing to abide by the decision of a controversy was to be excommunicated and deposed, and every other mon-arch was to attack the recusant at once, under penalty of the same treatment. Later on, Innocent III. claimed that his spiritual authority included a right to decide all issues that might arise between one nation and another' or between rival claimants to a throne. Ł THERE is comfort for the true friend of humanity in the present condition of European affairs. No matter whether "the Powers" are afraid of each other, whether each has about as much to manage as it is equal to, whether anarchism makes them shy of war, whether they dread the cost, or mistrust the practical value of the big ships they have built of late at such tremendous expenseŠwhatever the motive, the peace of Europe is to be pre-served by common consent. "So mete it be." And there is good reason to believe that this healthy state of mind will endure for some time to "come, and differences, as they arise, will be settled by arbitration, instead of by an appeal to arms. But it is not likely that the Pope of Rome will ever be selected to arbitrate an international disagreement. 