4' THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL,. Yet it is said that the object of this Na-tional Reform movement is "to maintain ex-isting Christian features in the American Government." These Christian features are declared to be the reading of the Bible in our public schools, prayer in our National and State Legislatures, days of fasting and thanks-giving, etc. But the reading of the Bible in the public schools is not a feature of our Government, for there is no law requiring it; whenever it is done, it is a merely voluntary exercise. We will not here discuss the pro-priety of requiring the Bible to be read in the public schools, but simply call attention to the fact that it is not an existing feature of our Government, as the National Reformers claim. The same may be said of prayer in our National and State Legislatures; there is nothing obligatory in the matter, and it is only a matter of form, as anyone can testify who has ever witnessed the opening of one of these assemblies: We believe in prayer; we believe that the divine injunction to "pray without ceasing" ought to be obeyed by all men, by members of Legislatures as well as ministers of the gospel; but we do not be-lieve that anybody ought to be forced to pray, or to listen to prayers. And we can see no more reason for opening the State Legis-latures with prayer than for merchants to open their stores with prayer. To be sure, it would be a very proper thing for the merchant to do; but he ought not to be forced to do it. But there is as yet no law requiring public prayer on any occasion, and so this is not an existing feature of our Government. 6. We affirm most positively that the object of the National Reform Association, as set forth in its constitution, is not merely erroneous, but is unchristian and directly opposed to the spirit of the gospel. Its object is to amend the Constitution of the United States so that it will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ, and its acceptance of "the moral laws of the Chris-tian religion," whatever they may be. This means, in plain language, that the Constitu-tion is to be so amended that the officers of this Government may compel everyone who desires to be a citizen to profess Christianity, and to disfranchise all others. If it does not mean this, it does not mean anything We have the statement of National Reformers themselves that this is just what it does mean. But the Christian religion knows nothing of any such coercive measures as this. The gospel call is, "Whosoever will, let him come." The implied permission is that whosoever will not come may stay away. The ministers of Christ are simply ambassadors whose duty it- is to entreat people to become reconciled to God, but who have no authority -to compel any. Therefore we say that the day that sees the consummation of the National Reform ,designs will mark the blotting out of Chris-tianity in this country, except among the few who will dare to dissent from such an iniq-uitous form of government. That national, Christianity, so-called, is the enthronement of -antichrist, is proved by the Dark Ages, which  followed immediately upon the professed conversion of Constantine, and the lifting of Christianity to the throne of the world. We also view Łwith grave apprehension the corruption of our politics, and the immorality not only of those who are exalted to high places in the nation, but of the nation itself; but we know that politics cannot be purified nor immorality checked by legal enactment. There is only one remedy for immorality and corruption, and that is the gospel of Jesus Christ. By this alone can men be saved either from the guilt of sin or the love of it. We do not say that the preaching of the gospel will purify politics by making poli-ticians and all others moral men ; for the Bible nowhere holds forth the hope that all men will ever repent, and it expressly de-clares that the righteous will ever be few in number as compared with the wicked, and that "evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse." See 2 Tim. 3:13; Matt. 7:13, 14; 24:37-39; Luke 17:26-30, etc. But we do say that whatever of purification is ever accomplished must be solely by the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Therefore we conclude, from the very con-stitution of the National Reform Association, that while a large majority of its advocates may honestly desire to see a reform brought about in this country, the means by which they propose to secure it are both impolitic and unscriptural, and such as would soon rid the country of what little morality it now possesses. E. J. W. N Ł 4 Ł A Sunday-Law Convention. IN the Union Signal of October 20, 1887, Mrs. Lydia B. Clark gives an article on the "Hopeful Outlook for Sabbath Observance," and says that in its Sunday-law work the W. C. T. U. has found "most cordial helpers" in the World's Prayer Union, the International Sabbath Association, and the National Re-form Association. She reports certain legis-lative action that was taken last year in several States. Of the matter in California she says :Š "Two years ago in California the Sunday law was repealed, but the people last winter plied the Legislature with petitions to replace the repealed law with an improved statute, and in San Francisco a convention of minis-ters was called, a bill prepared and introduced in the Legislature demanding protection of the Sabbath." Yes, that is so. And as such things are now quite widely prevalent, we propose to show to the people the way in which a typ-ical Sunday-law convention works to secure the " demanded " legislation. This excellent lady has given us the text, and we shall sup-ply the sermon. The SENTINEL was at the Convention named, and took copious notes of the proceedings, and has preserved the report for just such a time as this. This work has now become so general that it is highly im-portant that the public in general and legisla-tors in particular should know the methods employed to secure the enactment_ of " civil " and "protective" Sunday laws. This San Francisco Convention, like most of such conventions, was composed almost wholly of preachers. The thing originated in the "Pastors' Union" of Sacramento, it being "the sense of the Pastors' Union of Sacramento ;that a meeting of the pastors and members of the churches of the State, and of all other friends of Sunday legislation in the State, should be called . . . to secure the pas-sage of a Sunday law," etc. This "sense" was approved by "the preachers of the Methodist Church" and the Convention was called, and met accordingly in the Young Men's Chris-tian Association building, November 29, 1886. The first and perhaps the most notable thing about the Convention that would be noticed by a looker-on was the perfect con-fusion of ideas as to what was really wanted. It is true that there was perfect unanimity on the point that there should be a law demanded of the Legislature, but that was the only_ single thing upon which there was any real agree-ment. With some, nothing but a Sunday law would do; with others, nothing but a Sabbath law would answer. With some, it must be a civil Sabbath law; with others, a religious Sabbath law. With some, it must be a civil Sunday law ; with others, a religious Sunday law. With some, it was a Christian Sunday that wa—; wanted; with others, a Christian Sabbath. With some it was a religious Sabbath law that was wanted, and a religious Sabbath law that must be had, and they were ready to go to the Legislature upon that basis; but these were very few. While with others, and these the great majority, it was a religious Sunday law or a religious Sabbath law that was wanted, but at the same time it was naively argued that- to go to the Legislature with such a re-quest would be all in vain, for the Legislature would not act upon any question of a religious nature; therefore, to get what they wanted, they must ask only for a civil Sunday law. It was upon this last point that the discus-sion and the action of the Convention cul-minated. And by this action there was irre-sistibly forced upon the mind of an observer a strong impression of the insincerity of the great majority of the members of this Sunday-law COnvention. The course of the discussion and this culminating action show that the majority of the members of that Convention were willing to cover up the real purpose which they had in view, and deliberately to go to the Legislature of California under a false pretense. They show that while a religious law, and nothing else, is what they wanted, yet, as to openly ask the Legislature for that.  would he fruitless, they proposed to obtain what they wantedŠa religious Sunday lawŠby getting the Legislature to pass a civil Sun-day law. That is, they would have the Legis-lature to pass a civil Sunday law, and then they would enforce it as a religious Sunday law. In other words, they proposed to hood-wink the Legislature of California. They didn't succeed. Another evidence of this insincerity was the ringing of- the now familiar changes upon the "workingman." One had very great 