 30 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      Ballou Universalist Church, Providence, has rendered Down by the Sea,' a two-act drama; tickets twenty-five ,cents, dancing not included. .‚ . . BAD! Epworth M. E. Church, Toledo, has enriched its treasury by a Weigh Social. St. John's M. E. Church, Toledo, has given a stimulating entertainment by the Peak Sisters, widely known in American religious circles, introducing that touching ballad, Do You Know the Mouth of Man? ' in which the gentle art of kissing is re-ferred to ninety times; while the First Presbyterian church, Toledo, has produced a refined diversion called Ł Just Us Girls,' opening with a ` What Is It ? ' march, in which the young ladies wear their hair over their faces, .and masks on the back of their heads; thus convulsing the audience by the spectacle of apparent deformities in an extraordinary series of evolutions. "Passing on through the notices I have preserved, my eye is caught by accounts of a Mock Town Meeting, a Poker Party, a Fancy Dress Drill, a Tambourine Drill (irreverently described by the secular, press a 'a winner'), a Dude Drill, a Great Moral Dime Show (introducing McGinty, a dwarf, and a petrified man), a Spider-web Party, a Mother Goose Market, and a Husking Bee. There are one or two announcements of ` Gymnastic Exhi-bitions' and Athletic Exhibitions,' which I make bold 'to believe are euphemisms for sparring contests. It was in the Boston Herald of only a day or two ago, that I recognized in the name `Ike Weir, the Spider,' committed to trial for brutal assault, that of a pugilist long disrep-utable, who has appeared in my owntown of Middleboro, _ Massachusetts, in a boxing-match which was a feature of a church fair. After having served his time, the Spider' will be an even more attractive personage for churches desiring to interest the public. . . . " The First Reformed Church, Bedford Avenue and 'Clymer Street; Brooklyn, has this year given a Living-Picture Show in which society women of the Eastern Dis-trict posed in gilt frames, indifferently as St. Cecelia and Bacchante, The Madonna of Consolation, and La Zinga-cella. Ladies of St. John's, Youngstown, Ohio, in a black-face performance, made a pleasing appearance when they came before the foot-lights with songs, dances, and local hits. WORSE! "Now, I would not cloud with, one moment's annoy-ance the brows of the esteemed persons who get up these shows. I do not carp at sacred Female Minstrels: they don't happen to suit my taste; but I may be peculiar. And yet when I read in the Buffalo Enquirer that at Fre-donia, New York, the young ladies not only corked, but appeared in bloomers, and that at Woodside, -Long Is-land, a similar performance was further enlivened by a ,pleasing act on the part of a young lady who, with envi-able agility, if not discretion, kicked a tambourine held above her head, I cannot but feel thatŠconsidered as religious exercisesŠthese doubtless delightful occasions may be, in some details, open to criticism. "Neither can I personally with quite .untempered en-thusiasm commend the form which consecrated zeal has taken in the case of Grace Church, Erie and Second Ł Streets, Jersey City. According to a press despatch, this .congregation made a distinct advance in the art of sacred amusement by its recent production of `The Talisman,' 41 three-act opera, the novelty being that the male roles, those of Sir Roland and Don Carlos, were taken by girls in fleshings I may be wrong the New York Independ-ent will correct me if I am,Šbut I should be disposed to regard this also as perhaps an error of taste. I know how great is the pressure for more and more exciting shows, upon churches which have gone into the theatrical business,Šand the press reports state that Grace Church owes Much of its prosperity to the frequency with which it provides high-class entertainments but,, frankly, there has been, at least until recently, a prejudice against this particular costume as an attire for young ladies in church. "I have, however, no hesitation in commendingŠas a successful exhibition of impudent and attractive indecency Šthe New Woman Social given, according to the New York papers, by the male members of the Methodist So-ciety of Hancock, New York. Some of the more engaging toilets . worn by these followers of John Wesley are de-scribed in the despatch. W. F. Stimpson in lilac bloom-ers with lace trimmings, was irresistible, as was E. H. Taylor in a Mother Hubbard, and with a weeping-willow plume. E. C. Seeley wore shiny black bloomers, set off with a gorgeous sash. J. Curtis Martin wore red bloom-ers and an angelic smile. Olin Henderson in check bloom-erettes, Ward Thompson in a shirt waist, and W. H. Dean with balloon sleeves, were also conspicuous.' WORSE AND WORSE! "This is, possibly, funny. But for monumental god-lessness made endurable by no saving grace of humor, for simian imbecility, for supreme and inimitable folly unmarred by the slightest suggestion either of common decency or ordinary self-respect, for grovelling baseness and depraved vulgarityŠthe Trilby Party, otherwiSe the Foot Social, otherwise the Ankle Auction, stands at the head of the church entertainments of the year. While others are trudging along the weary plains of the unim-aginative and the ordinary, the Methodist Episcopal Church of Suffern, New York, and St. John's Protestant Episcopal, Church of New Brunswick, New Jersey, with unblanched cheek and dauntless eye, have scaled the Al-pine heights Of deathless shame. I have received from all parts of the country marked copies of newspapers report-ing these events; some of the papers bearing the request, ` Please give this your attention.' I am very willing to do so, but I regret the inadequacy of my vocabulary, and I refrain 'from any further attempt to characterize the performance. In the Trilby Social, as given by the Suf-fern M. E. Epworth League and the New Brunswick P. E. Olive Branch Society, the young ladies of the church display theirŠfeet, let us say, and. be  polite,Šbehind a curtain which is lifted to a height described as 'tantaliz-ing.' Men in front of the curtain view what is displayed of one female after another, and then bid for the privilege of taking her to supper. The charm of the scheme is the ease with which it lends itself to the worse than dubious; and I have no doubt that the press accounts of the scenes which attended the bidding are, in both cases, highly colored, though the most literal truth would cer-tainly, be exciting enough. The Boston Sunday Journal illustrated one of these events with a half-page picture; the New York Herald gave it a two-column illustration; the accompanying letter-press, and the reports published in other papers, describe a show which, in a respectable community, under other than ecclesiastical management. might have difficulty with the police. "Tom-Thumb Weddings and Mock Marriages multi- 