!ti Israelitish people in such an event marks the spirit of the whole thought,Š" There is no view of Jesus that a Jew could take that is not flattering to his national pride "; and the relation which his race has to the Christian religion should "make every Jew hold his head a little higher to the end of time." This is like the voice of Nebuchadnezzar saying again in arrogance; " Is not this great Babylon, that I have built by the might of my power, and for the honor of my maj-esty ?" THIS issue of THE SENTINEL contains very valuable matter and should have an extensive circulation. The Corresponding Secretary of the National Religious Lib-erty Association writes,Š " The discus-sion of the King case is attracting a great deal of attention everywhere, and by cir-culating this number of THE SENTINEL a great influence will be cast in favor of truth and many hundreds may also be in-terested who will become subscribers to this journal later on. Reports are coming to us from all parts of the field in regard to the good results from the careful dis-tribution of literature, especially THE AMERICAN SENTINEL; and if this number can be circulated widely, particularly among the professional and business men of cities and large towns, a vast amount of good can be accomplished." Since the commencement of the art-icles in review of Judge Hammond's decision in the King case, many subscrip-tions have been received asking for the full series; this will be furnished to all these, and also to all others who, in send-ing their subscriptions, call for the full series in reference to this important de-cision. IN an article in the Nineteenth Century intended to be laudatory of Church dis-establishment in this country, Profes-sor Goldwin Smith says of American communities : " In no reputable society would anything offensive to religious feeling be endured." The unconscious ex-pression of religious intolerance in this sentence is significant. Ł .  WHAT this world wants is not so much an increase of gospel preaching as of gos-pel practice.ŠTheodore L. Cuyler. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED To The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of tht, United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious teats, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New Ye*. 360 THE AMERICAN SP;NTINEL. , Vol.. 6, No. 45. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 19, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the Amaarcen SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our Inver i able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE question of Sabbath reform has been agitated so much during past years, that the work of the future will be largely between the two opposing elements,ŠSunday-law advocates, and the defenders of religious liberty. WHILE the American Sabbath Union has been attempting to close barber-shops on Sunday, the Wesleyans, in Conference at Grand Rapids, Mich., have solved the whole problem by deciding that the "muti-lation of Nature's handiwork by trimming the whiskers is against the law of God," and instructing the revision committee to "report a resolution against shaving." THE Christian Advocate, of this city, in its issue of the 12th inst., remarks that "de-fenders of the Sabbath are waking up to the magnitude and importance of the work before them. A convention of the repre-sentatives of different Sabbath organiza-tions of the State of New York will be held in South Methodist Episcopal Church, Utica, November, 17, 18, to complete the organization of a State committee, to de-vise plans for future work, and to discuss various phases of the Sunday question." A. SOUTHERN paper gives publicity to a case of indolent conscience, with a very apt critical remark, as follows :Š Though my sale of cigarettes, I guess, is more than all the other dealers of the city put together, yet I am opposed to the sale, and wish some means could be taken to wipe out the sale completely. They are a curse to the people.Š W. H. Silverman, of Atlanta. Well, why don't you quit the business, Mr. Sil-verman ? Are you a good citizen to carry on " a curse to the people" by selling cigarettes to them ? So also, it may be said to those who want a law to compel themselves to stop " desecrating " the Sunday, and so to save the Nation from this "curse." HENRY GEORGE has an ally from an unexpected quarter. The " Church So-ciety for the Advancement of the Interests of Labor " has recently been organized, in this city, and immediately decided by resolution that as " God is the Father of all men and has created the earth for his children," therefore "the land of these United States belongs to all the members  of this American Nation, and land mo-nopoly is contrary to the will of God." There seems to be an unnoticed incon-sistency between the premise " all men " and the conclusion " American Nation." If the Father of all has created the earth for his children it does not follow that the United States belongs to the American Nation, alone, but each of his children owns a proportionate undivided share, and every individual holds a title-deed to the earth, as tenant in common with all the children of God. This " Church Society " would do well to review its logic and its law before it brings suit to evict all but " members of this American Nation " from the soil of the United States. Ł THE Christian Statesman catalogues the vices and accompanying scandals attached to the name of the heir apparent to the throne of England, and exclaims with the National BaptistŠ" And this is not only the heir to the throne, but the future head of the Church of England, who will theoretically have the appoint-ing of the bishops and the control of a great amount of patronage !" The States-man forgets, for the moment, its theories of Christian nationalism. Baptist prin-ciples are sound on these questions, and the Statesman must be a little chary of quoting them unreservedly or its own heresy hunters may find a field for activ-ity still nearer home. e A PITTSBURG dispatch to the Sun, of this city, concerning the late annual con-vention of the Pennsylvania Woman's Christian Temperance Union which was held at Bradford, gives the following as from Mrs. W. B. Rhoades, State and County Superintendent of Young Wo-mens' Work :Š We have given up the idea of ever gaining any-thing by politics, and are now confining ourselves to individual work. We expect nothing, or very little from legislation. It has been shown that the law cannot make a sober man out of a drunkard, or turn a bad parent into a good one. We must go from house to house to sow the seeds of temperance if we wish to harvest a higher standard of morality, and a better understanding of the duty of a Chris-tian. This is sound sense. We wish all the women of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Unions, both old and young, would learn as much and would practice accord-ingly. Then they could do some good. THE number of centennials, expositions, and commemorative exhibitions of one kind and another, in these days, is sug-gestive of a desire to wind up the world's affairs in a display of human glorification. The last proposition of this kind comes from. the Chicago Evening Journal and recommends " the celebration of the nineteenth century of Christianity in 1896, as that would be the real anniver-sary of the birth of Christ." The Journ-al's comment on the participation of the 