166 AJDIIIMEta CAN VoL. 10, No. 21. they could worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences, " and compel everybody else to do the same." This spirit crops out here and there, all over the country. In many cases not enough are actuated by it to do any great harm, but let the proper occasion arise, and a close observer is astonished at the vast preponder-ance of theologians over Christians in many commu-nities. There is very little real freedom in a country where theologians of any sect can use the laW against those who dissent from their views. Religious intolerance is bad enough when it strives to crush a man socially, and destroys his business and financial standing, but when it has the power to imprison alS'ep, it becomes the most unrelenting tyrant. This should be a free country, bid the Tennessee illustration reminds one of the age of John Bunyan. The same old spirit still lingers, and crops out when-ever and-wherever enough are imbued with it to ren-der its manifestation at all prudent. The Adventists are a very peaceable and law-abiding people, but profess the ability at all times to prove from the Bible that their Sabbath is the only one ever instituted and blessed by Jehovah. But the position of the bigot is this: " Whoever attempts aggressively to prove from the Bible that any one branch of my, theological tree is hollow, must be put down, in one way or another." It is not safe to leave on the statute books even an obsolete law for such men to seize and use as a weapon of oppression. It will be a sad day for America, and our stalwart eagle will fold his wings and hang his head in abasement, when the people at large fail to resent as an insult, personal to each and all, every act of oppression perpetrated upon any in-dividual member of the community, and every .petty tyranny imposed upon any class. In Prison For Conscience' Sake. ' [From the Mystic (Conn.) Press, April '6.] A WEEK or two since, under the head of Religious Persecution, we referred to the arrest, trial and im-prisonment, at Dayton, Tenn., of the Messrs. Colcord, principal and manager of the Graysville Academy, Seventh-day Adventists. On March 8, there were in the Dayton prison eight persons, including the Col-cords, for the crime of " Sabbath " breaking. They had observed strictly and religiously the seventh day, believed by them to be the Sabbath, but were arrested for quietly pursuing their usual avocations on Sunday. At last accounts warrants had been issued for the arrest of sixteen other Seventh-day Adventists for the same offense. These arrests were made under the laws of Tennes-see, and furnish a fair illustration or foreshadowing of what may be expected under the union of Church and State, so ardently desired by the head of the Ro-man Church, and to which most of the other branches of the nominal Christian Church are, in this close of the nineteenth century, so strongly tending. A Sabbath Question. [From the Indianapolis Sentinel, April 21.] ONE of the worst relics of barbarism in the United States is the persecution of religious sects which be-lieve in the " seventh-day " Sabbath under the " Sun-day laws" of several of the States. It is called to notice now by the fact that on March 8 of the present year eight Seventh-day Adventists were imprisoned in the county jail of Rhea County, Tenn., for doing or-dinary work on their own premises on Sunday, and part of them are still imprisoned. It is hardly possi-ble to realize that Such things occur in this country, but it is a fact that in the last sixteen years over fifty persons of this sect have been imprisoned in this coun-try on similar charges. Some of the States, as In-diana, expressly exempt from the operation of Sunday laws " such as conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath," but others have net yet arrived at even.-this degree of religious liberty. These persecutions began in Georgia in 1878, when an aged Adventist, named Mitchell, was arrested for plowing in his field on Sunday. His conscience would not permit him to pay a fine, and his imprisonment  of thirty days was too much for his age and feeble health. His death resulted from the imprisonment, and he died as absolute a martyr for conscience' sake as any person that was ever burned at the stake or boiled in oil. This in the United States in 1878. Arkansas took up the persecution in 1884, but several shameful imprisonments and seizures of property for costs roused the Americanism of the State. In 1887 the Bar Association of the State took up the cause of religious liberty and an act was passed exempting sev-enth-day observers from the operation of the Sunday laws. Tennessee began the work of the Dark Ages in 1885, and is continuing it up to date, notwith-standing the provisions of the constitution of Ten-nesseeŠ " That all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences; that no man can, of right, be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any minister against his con-sent; that no human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of con-science, and that no preference shall ever be given, by law, to any religious establishment or mode of worship." Maryland began, in 1892 with the imprisonment of an Adventist for husking corn on Sunday, and the complaint was made by a man who is recognized as a Christian minister. The due observance of Christian principles in that State has presented the even more edifying case of an aged father spied upon, arrested and prosecuted by his own son, and imprisoned for the offense of setting out tomato plants in his own garden on Sunday. The Spanish Inquisition could not greatly surpass that. Massachusetts has fallen into line recently by fining an Adventist for selling half a pound of candy to a spy sent out by the mayor of Everett to secure evidence, This case is appealed and is still pending. On the merits of the question from a scriptural standpoint the seventh-day observers have clearly the best of the argument. No one pretends that the Sab-bath of the Scriptures was not our Saturday, or that it was not observed by Christ and his disciples, even to the last. When his body was laid in the sepul-cher by Joseph of Arimathea, and the women who fol-lowed him had seen it, " they returned and prepared spices and ointments, and rested the Sabbath day, ac-cording to the coin mandment." And scriptural testi-mony is equally explicit not only in commanding the observance of the seventh day to the Jews, but also that " the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." It is generally conceded that after the resurrec-tion of Christ, his followers observed both the seventh and the first day of the week; but the first official recognition of the first day was the edict of Constan-tine in 321, which prohibited work "on the venerable Sunday," but even that excepted necessary work of husbandry. England and the United States have long maintained an attitude toward Sunday unknown to other coun-tries, but it may fairly be said that Sunday legislation is now generally maintained chiefly on the theory of the economic propriety of one day of rest in seven. There is also a general sentiment against the unneces-sary disturbance of those who desire to devote the day to worship, but neither of these principles in any way affect the case of the seventh-day observers. Their persecution is purely the result of a bigotry that has no support in reason or the religion either of the Old or the New Testaments. It is a disgrace to Amer-ican civilization. Ł SUNDAY LAWS INTERFERE WITH SABBATH KEEPING. IT is claimed by the supporters of Sunday laws that they do not interfere with the right of Adventists and other Sabbath-keepers to observe the seventh day, but that they (the Sabbatarians)-are left entirely free to " keep their Sabbath." That this claim is false has been frequently demonstrated. About three years ago an Adventist in Kent County, Md., was summoned to attend court as a witness on the Sabbath. He refused to attend, and was arrested on a bench warrant and taken into  court. He thereupon stated to the judge that he could not conscientiously testify on that day, as it was the Sabbath according to the fourth commandment. His honor informed him that the law of Maryland recognized but one day as the Sabbath, and that day was Sunday, and that he must testify or go to jail. He again refused to testify and was sent to jail. A similar case occurred last November in Anne Arundel County, Md., when two Sev-enth-day Adventists were fined for contempt of- court in refusing to attend as witnesses on the Sabbath. If our courts were to begin to sit on Sunday, would not every Sunday-keeper feel at once that his religious liberty was in-fringed? Certainly, for it would make every man who has any religious regard for Sunday liable to be required by the State either to vio-late his conscience or to subject himself to punishment for contempt of court. Again, the law of Georgia forbids work on Sunday. The Seventh-day Adventist works and -is arrested and taken into court. The judge says to him: "You are at perfect lib-erty to observe the seventh day if you wish, but you must keep Sunday also. For your refusal to do this I sentence you to twelve months in the chain-gang." The chain-gang works on the seventh day, and so far as the law of the State of Georgia is concerned, the Seventh-day Adventist can be required to work on that day, and in case of persistent refusal may be punished with death. What, then, has become of the " perfect liberty " of the Sabbatarian to keep the sev-enth day? It has vanished into thin Łair; in fact, it never existed in any State having a Sunday law, except in the imaginations of Sunday-keepers. THE POPE FAVORS SUNDAY LAW SOCIETIES. IN our issue of April 18, we noted the ag-gressive attitude lately assumed by Roman Catholics in the matter of enacting and en-forcing Sunday laws. So sudden and general was this new attitude manifested through Ro-man Catholic press and pulpit, that it was evident that the movement was the result of concerted action emanating from an authori-tative source. There is evidence that this concerted action has its source in the Vatican. The following letter is taken from the Catholic Review of May 11, addressed by the pope to the president of the Sunday Rest Association of France, which has for its object the enactment and enforce-ment of more rigid Sunday laws:Š Beloved Son, Health and Apostolic Benediction. Very grateful to us have been your letters, especially that which gives us information dear to us concerning the association for the observance of the Sunday's repose. It is true that France abounds in pious works usefully founded by the generous activity of her sons, but it pleases us to point out that over which you preside among those which are especially distinguished for the nobility and holiness of their films. This your association tends directly to cause to be rendered to God, as is just, a due homage by the cessation of work as he himself rigorously ordered even from the beginning of the old law. Hence we commend your work, and all the more readily' do we look upon it with love, since contempt for the holiday of the Lord, is, day by day, the cause of new and great evils both for men andxiations. As to you, beloved son, and to your companions, who are so well inspired, we think it just to give you our exhortation. We wish that what so far you have been doing spontaneously, and upon your own- initia-tive, you will continue to do in the future in compli-ance with our invitation. May God look with complacency upon your organ- 