106 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. day to this. Religious laws have always been justified (?) by civil reasons. Unless Baptists are prepared to abandon the prin-ciples for which they have stood in the past, they must separate from such organ-izations as the American Sabbath Union. It is opposed to that liberty for which Baptists have died. That Breckinridge Sunday Bill Again. IN the Breckinridge Sunday bill, now before Congress for the second time, the use of any designation, or name, for Sun-day, that could mark the measure as reli-gious, is studiously avoided; but such a character is indelibly stamped upon the bill by the use of the word " secular," which is of necessity contrasted with spiritual or holy. The bill providesŠ that it shall be unlawful for any person or corpora-tion, or employe of any person or corporation in the District of Columbia, to perform any secular labor or business, or to cause the same to be performed by any person in their employment on Sunday, except works of necessity or mercy. " Secular " is defined thus by Webster: " Of or pertaining to this present world, or to things not spiritual or holy; relating to temporal as distinguished from eternal interests; not immediately or primarily re-specting the soul, but the body; worldly." The bill would mean precisely the same thing if, instead of prohibiting "secular labor or business," on Sunday, it prohib-ited all labor or business " of, or pertain-ing to this present world, or to things not spiritual or holy." That is just what it means as it reads, but it is not so plain to be seen as it would be were the definition of the word " secular " made a part of the bill itself. Were this bill to become a law, it would give the civil courts of the District of Columbia jurisdiction to decide what does pertain to " eternal interests; " for by prohibiting the pursuit of secular affairs on Sunday, it just as distinctly enjoins spiritual pursuits, for it is impossible for human beings to be absolutely idle. In-deed, by excluding everything secular, this bill proposes to give spiritual things a monopoly of Sunday. Hence, should the bill become a law, the courts would of necessity have to adjudicate be-tween secular and spiritual things ; which . is only another way of saying that men would, by the passage of the Breckinridge Sunday bill, be made judges of the con-sciences of their fellow-men. This is true also of another feature of this bill, namely, Ł of the clause which saysŠ that the provisions of this act shall not be construed to apply to any person or persons who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest. Why specify those who "conscientiously believe in and observe another day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest " ? If rest is all that is aimed at in the bill, why  not exempt from its operation all who rest upon any other day of the week than Sunday, whether they conscientiously be-lieve in it or not ? Why introduce this element of conscientious belief at all ? Simply because that while a law, such as this bill would be if the words "conscien-tiously believe in" were omitted, would secure to every man, if enforced, a purely civil rest day, it would not secure general and uniform suspension of all secular labor and business on Sunday; and that is what the bill is for. It singles out that particular day, and requires all to rest upon it, except the few who " conscien-tiously believe in and keep" another day. If, then, any question arises as to who are entitled to the exemption, the courts must sit in judgment upon the conscientious convictions of those who claim the ex-emption. How they are to determine the secret thoughts of the heart (without knowing which they can know nothing of the conscience), is left for the friends of the bill to explain. Under the Inquisition such information was extorted by the rack and the thumb-screw; and it is doubtful if even the nineteenth century could devise anything much more effective for that purpose. The fact of the exemption of " those who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday," marks this bill as a religious measure. Men conscientiously believe in and prac-tice moral or religious duties. Apart from religious obligation, a man would have no more conscience in resting regularly, than in bathing at stated intervals, or in taking just so many hours' sleep each night. He would, in fact, make the taking of his weekly rest somewhat a matter of personal convenience, just as people do eating, sleeping, bathing, etc. But this proposed , law for the District of Columbia, contem-plates more than this; it proposes to re-quire of all men either the conscientious observance of some day other than Sun-day, or such an outward observance of Sunday as, in the absence of counter evi-dence, would indicate conscientious re-gard for that day. The bill is wholly and designedly in the interests of Sunday as a sacred day, and would never have been thought of had it not been for the regard in which that day is held by many. It should be defeated as a much-needed and fitting rebuke to those misguided religion-ists who imagine that men can be spirit-ually regenerated and made moral by act of Congress. C. P. B. Ł * Reform. THE desire to " reform " something or somebody seems to be one of the predom-inating features of this generation. The Journal of Pducation, in its issue of Feb-ruary 11, contains an article, entitled "Re-forms," from which I clip the following:Š Reform has become a "fad." It is the rankest kind  of a "fad "educationally. . . . And yet the reform craze has not fairly begun. It is in its infancy. Wait, just wait until it gets its growth, and see what will come. Why, it will take a Gatling gun to rattle off the reforms as fast as they are invented! And the beauty of it is that every man can not only have a reform all his own, but he can have a whole set of reforms for himself. There will be enough to go round with several left over. America is a great country. . . . It is a great thing to live in this day and be a part of the "age," which future geologists will style the "Period of Reforms, Re-forming Reformations." In ancient times it re-quired ages to make fossils, now a fcŁssil is made in twenty-four hours if he refrains so long from reforming something. If the idea of " reform " has become a "fad" in educational matters, it certainly has in religious. From the pulpit and the religious press aided by numerous associations through-out the land, comes a mighty cry for reform. And no doubt it is needed. But the trouble with many of these would-be-reformers is that they are not content with a "whole set of reforms" for them-selves, but seem impregnated with an intense desire to rein everybody else up to their standard of thinking and acting. MAY WAKEHAM. Fremont, Nebr. Political Religion. "RELIGION is politics," says Colonel Shepard in the Mail and Express. It is true of a great many, that politics is a religion to them; it is also true of some that their religion is mainly political. This seems to be the case with, Colonel ShepardŠthat his religion is political, or, at least, that he has no higher intellectual conception of religion than that it is " politics." He quotes the statement of the Hon. Solomon Hirsch, American Minister to Constanti-nople, that of all the capitols throughout the world, that city is the most religious, and on that account "the most political," Šthat the religion of the moving party in any measure is there the key to the polit-ical purpose underlying the measure, and is an unerring evidence as to who will oppose it and who favor. " European politics, as centered on the Bosphorus, is simply a battle of the churches." The Colonel then innocently says, " This is an illustration, on a grand scale, of the truth of our general proposition that religion is politics." The religion of Colonel Shepard and the American Sabbath Union, and the rest of the National Reform party, is politics, there is no doubt of that, Šbut that religion is not the religion of Jesus Christ Neither is either European or American politics the religion of Jesus Christ, nor will they ever be. It would not be pos-sible to concentrate into three words a greater misconception of true religion than is embodied in this editorial expres-sion from the millionaire writer of reli-gious editorials,Šthe President of the American Sabbath Union. THE discussion of the educational 