THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. 125 system superseded the necessity of Sab-bath-schools, because the children were supposed to be taught the same religious truths which are inculcated in the Sab-bath-school system. Yet, as a fact, this end was not secured, so that the evangel-ical portion of Germany feel the need of the Sabbath-school, and are establishing them in all parts of the empire. The wisest and most devout clearly understand that their elaborate course of religious in-struction in the public schools can not be relied upon to make the children truly Christian. England and America, on the other hand, have maintained and perfected the. Sabbath-school system during the same period. And what have we to show as results ? A most marked improvement in public morals, and a great advance in all forms of religious activity. Space will not permit me to present the proofs of this. They can be abundantly furnished. Let those who doubt this read the chapter On the "Social Condition of Great Britain," in Mackenzie's " Nineteenth Century," or Dorchester's "Problem of Religious Prog-ress." In our own land churches have kept pace with the marvelous growth of population, and untiring efforts are made to elevate the masses. The multiplicity of denominations presents an insuperable obstacle to the State in any endeavor to teach that amount of religion which each denomination desires for its own children. Those specific doctrines must be left to the family and the Sabbath-school. If they are not inculcated there, they can not be imparted satisfactorily in any other place. This plan has been so successful in our own land that we have no reason to venture on some other scheme. Much less can we adopt the method advocated by Rome, which has produced such unde-sirable results in Germany.ŠRev. Geo. S. Mott, D. D., in New York Observer: The Intolerance of Unbelief. APROPOS of our observation in No 13 of THE SENTINEL, concerning the intolerance of infidels, is the following contribution to the Truth Seeker by one of its regular correspondents, William Allen Smith, of this city :Š The Twentieth Century takes Samuel P. Putnam to task for calling the Mexican Government the most liberal government on the face of the earth to-day, in the face of certain restrictions placed upon clericals in that country. Mr. Pentecost says :- 1 judge from this that if the Mexican officials should drive the church people out of the country, or make it a capital offense to be a Christian, the Mexican Government might be considered still more liberal. As the Mexican Government has done neither of these things, let us inquire what it is that it has done which would invalidate its title to be " the most liberal government on the face of the earth." It is reported that a vast, amount of church prop-erty has been confiscated. Converts are forbidden. The clericals are not allowed to wear their official garb on the streets. They must dress like other folks. They can not perform a legal marriage. This is what the government has done, and it has done well. If our Government would do the same it would perform but acts of justice and right. The trouble with Mr. Pentecost's idea of liberty, to let every one do as he pleases, is that it will not conform to present conditions, for the reason that by social and political usages we are made interde-pendent, and a superstitious Church and its blinded followers are a menace to the natural thought and rational action of those who do not affiliate with them nor wish to have their children imbued with their senseless doctrines. The Church is always seeking converts, is always aggressive. Have not the people as good right to ask for its abolishment as a common nuisance as its adherents have for its continuance ? Its property is the aggregate outcome of the trembling fear of deluded victims powerless to help themselves. Let it be returned to the people and put to some useful purpose. Mr. Pentecost forgets that the average man is no match for the arguments of these dealers in brimstone and eternal fire. They deceive men, they rob them, and they should be exterminated with a relentless hand, just the same as we do a burglar from our homes. The strong must protect the weak. . . . No government or country should tolerate, much less protect, any institution which aims at the subversion of the human mind from its natural liberty of thought to one of base subjection to superstitious beliefs. Let them first prove the truth of their contentions, then give them license. Otherwise let the institution subside and end its disgraceful reign. We can find all the religion necessary at our hand within the realm of visible nature without groping aimlessly on its outside. In our previous article we remarked, that as a class, Freethinkers are neither more free themselves nor more liberal toward others than are other men ; and certainly the foregoing quotation from the Truth Seeker (like the one made three weeks ago from Freethought) bears us out in this opinion. We are not sufficiently familiar with the real condition of affairs in Mexico to form =a positive opinion upon the merits of the contest between the Mexican Gov-ernment and the Catholic Church. That church has a very pernicious habit of meddling in politics, as a church, and we are not prepared -to say that restrictive measures are not for this reason necessary in Mexico, as they seem to have been at times in other countries. If Mr. Smith had stopped with an attempt to justifiy policy of this kind, for purely political reasons, we would have no criticism to pass upon his words; but he does not stop there; indeed,- he does not enter upon the discussion of that phase of the question at all; but seeks to justify governmental op-position, not only to the Catholic Church, but to all churches, because, as he assumes, they teach error. " Let them," says the gentleman, " first prove the truth pf their contentions, then give them licenge." But who is to decide when they have proved " the truth of their contentions " ? Evidently the gov-ernment must be the judge, that is, it must sit as judge of all religious questions, and must exterminate with a relentless hand all religions that, according to its decision, do, not teach truth I About how much tolerance is there in this ? We have no word to say in defense of  Roman Catholicism, but we do maintain that it has the same right to exist as has Freethought, or as has any other form of belief or of disbelief. If it be the province of government to sit in judgment upon .religious questions, why does the Freethinker find fault with those govern-ments that have done this in the past ? They did only that which this Freethinker says governments should do now, namely, they sought to exterminate that which they adjudged to be error. There are many Christian parents who do not wish to have their children imbued with infi-delity; should the State, for this reason, and because infidelity is aggressive, abol-ish unbelief by law as a common nuisance ? Should the State seize property devoted to the dissemination of Freethought and use it in the support of orphans or to endow schools ? But this is exactly °the principle that this Freethinker advocates in the columns of this Freethought paper, the Truth Seeker. And thus it appears again, that the boasted liberality of Freethought is only a figment of the brain of those who deify hunian nature, which is essentially intolerant. A despotism of "Freethought " would be quite as intolerable as a despotism under some less pretentious and, therefore, more appropriate name. C. P. B. The Sabbath Question. For the Bulletin IN our paper in last Sunday's Bulletin, the general purposes of the American Sab-bath Union were set forth. In this paper the Sabbath day and its purposes, or pur-pose, will be set forth. It is generally understood that the word " Sabbath " means rest. Such meaning carefully ex-amined, is of doubtful reliability. Its clearer meaning is that time, day, era, wherein one act, or series of actions, ends and another begins. It is a word which, at its root means time-marking. It means the end of six days and the beginning of the seventh day. The cause or causes given or the signs or statutes authorized, such as cessation of labor, are in no way directly related to the meaning of the word. Whatever be the particular meaning of the word, there can be no question, if the accustomed claim of inspiration of the Old Testament Scriptures is granted, that God appointed the dayŠgave it its name and number. It was evidently given to com-memorate the great success of creation and completion of man and this earthŠa day to mark that era. The prohibition of labor on that day was not an end but a means to an end. The purpose was, with-out doubt, twofold; that of remembering the Creator, and through that remem-brance, on a day set apart especially for it, the divine in man was to be developed. Rest was to afford man an opportunity to possess hinufelf of an evenly balanced 