42 g NTil 1 LO VoL. 10, No. 6. Church and State to be dissevered and divorced." Verily " Rome never changes; " and what she has done in the past for other nations she stands ready to do, yea, is doing for the United States. And every so-called Protestant who adopts papal principles for the advancement of " Prot-estantism," is aiding her in her nefarious work. Rome as the Guardian of the Peace. WE have frequently called attention to the scheme of Rome to make herself of necessity the arbiter of disputes-between capital and labor, between constituted civil authority and a riotous people, and between contending nationsŠin fact, the international peacemaker, the arbiter of the world. This is the settled, published programme of the papacy, and its repre-sentatives utilize every opportunity for furthering this scheme. An opportunity was offered in connec- tion with the recent street-car strike in Brooklyn. After the strike had become riotous, and the State militia were called out to pre-serve order, a Roman Catholic delegation from Greenpoint, Brooklyn, headed by " Father " O'Hare, called upon Mayor Schieren, and told him if he would with-draw the soldiers from Greenpoint, they would promise to prevent rioting; and, astonishing to tell, the mayor agreed and withdrew the militia'and left that portion of the city to the protection of the Roman Catholics. What followed is related in the World of January 26:Š The mob began a war dance about this tangle [of collided cars], the two motormen and two conductors shivering on the platforms. Soon a third car bore down and was stalled, then a fourth, and so on until there were eighteen cars stand-ing in a long row, with thirty-six of the "uncon-verted " powerless to escape from the earnest mission-ary work which straightway began. The police made a sally and banged a few heads before they decided that it was better to retreat than to shoot. Then the missionaries {strikers] opened up. The work began with a shower of bricks and stones, bottles, clubs, fence posts, and assorted building ma-terials. These broke all the windows and bruised up the thirty-six [non-union street car employes] and got them into a submissive frame of mind. When every window was broken the missionaries drew near, surrounded the cars and fell to cursing and swearing at the motormen and conductors. They shook their fists at the poor wretches; they told them to' come off the cars and go away or lose their lives. The leaders of the rioters got on the platforms and argued, putting a fist and a bank-note under the nose of each man with whom they argued. The " bank-note " horn of the dilemma was soon accepted by most of the men. ' Some one had gone down to the parish house of St. Anthony's and had told Father O'Hare what was doing. The priest came on the run, and the crowd, bowing respectfully as he pushed through, ceased cursing and threatening, but kept on with the bank-n9te form of argument. They offered $5 and $10, and before many minutes all the thirty-six had deserted except one man. Ł Many of the riotors must have been Roman Catholics,' and the Roman Catholic committee under whose protection the mayor of Brooklyn placed a considerable portion of the city, must have known that the rioters were Roman Catholics, or they would not have dared to promise to con-trol them. That there was a large ele-ment of Roman Catholics engaged in the riots is evident also from the subservient manner in which the priest was received by the mob. The published account-gees on to tell how the priest finally succeeded in quelling the riot by bribing the one remaining motorman to leave his car. The Roman Catholic government of Green-point was however only partially success- ful in preserving order, and consequently the mayor addressed the following letter to the priestly government of Green-point :Š The Rev. J. J. O'Hare, Pastor of St. Anthony's R. C. ChurchŠ  Dear Sir: I am directed by his honor the mayor to call your attention to the fact that at the interview he had with the delegation, of which you were one, on Wednesday, assurances were given that if the Green-point cars were started without protection of the mili-tary there would be no interference with their opera-tion. Complaints have been made to me that them has been such interference. He would deeply regret the necessity of calling upon the troops in order that the cars may be run, and asks that you will exert your influence to prevent further interference. Respeetfully. yours, - W. M. PALMER, Secretary to the Mayor. In all this there is a miniature repre-sentation of one of the last acts in the great drama that will close th history of the world. What these Roman Catholics of Greenpoint proposed to do for that portion of the city of Brooklyn, the pope of Rome proposes to do for the world. The Roman Catholic Church is constantly declaring, as does Leo XIII.,in his en-cyclical to Americans, just pulished,' that political order and civil government can-not be maintained without the acceptance of the Roman Catholic religion, and that fast increasing . political. unrest, is the result of a failure to acknowledge and enforce that religion. And the tur-bulence- .and 'rioting of the uncontroll-able -masses will yet persuade the nations of the world, as they persuaded Mayor Schieren of Brooklyn, to give the Roman Catholic Church the place and power she demands with the hope that she will pre-serve order as she declares she can; and when she fails, as did the priests in Green-point, the nations of the earth, in dis-appointed rage, will visit upon her the retributive judgments predicted in the symbolic words of Rev. 17 :16: "And the ten horns which- thou sawest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make *her desolate and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire." Ł Which Poke Shall It Be? THE Christian Statesman, the represent-ative par excellence of the American pa-pacyŠthe image to the Roman papacyŠis still turning " white with fear and wrath"Šor more, properly speaking, with envyŠat the aggressions of the "man of sin," the "mystery of iniquity," the self-styled vicar of Christ, who from the banks of the Tiber appeals to his followers throughout the world to demand with united, voice the restoration of his teniporal power. In its issue of Jan. 19, the Statesman has a long editorial upon the "Campaign for the Pope's Temporal Sovereignty," in which are discussed the papal claim to independ-ence of, and to sovereignty over, the nations of the earth. In conclusion, the question is asked, "Is it not time for loyal Ameri-cans to understand just what these claims mean?" It is indeed time that Americans of every description understand not only the meaning of these claims of the Roman papacy, but that they likewise understand the significance of like claims made by the American, papacy, the image to the papacy of the pope. In the recent National "Reforni conven-tion at New Castle, Pa., Rev.' R. J. George, D.D., laid down as sound National  Reform doctrine (and the editor of the Statesman who was present uttered no word of protest) these propositions:Š The State is subservient to the Church. It is the highest dignity and honor of the State that it has been placed under the authority of the Church's head. Now it is evident that the only question between papist and National Reformer is, Who is the Church's head? They both agree that the head of the Church is the ruler of nations; hence, the only question between them is one of fact. The National Reformer says Christ is head of the Church and ruler of nations. The papist says, Christ is head of the spiritual, the invisi-ble church, but the pope is head of the visible church, the church to which the commission was given to disciple all na-tions; hence the pope is the head of the church under whose authority the State has been placed. Therefore the pope is superior to all nations and answerable to no human law. The question is, therefore, one of fact; in other words, in such a case, one of opin-ion; which is only saying that in govern-mental affairs, it is one to be decided by the majority, or by those having the power in their hands, whether a majority or an or-ganized and aggressive minority. If there-fore the Roman Catholic Church can gain enough adherents in this country to so shape legislation, and so mould the Gov-ernment, as to give practical recognition to the faith of that church upon this ques-tion, the Christian Statesman will have no right to find fault. It is certainly right that the majority should rule in the settle-ment of all governmental questions; and if this question of the head-ship of the Church is one that concerns the State, one which the State must answer by according certain recognition to the head of the Church, then certainly the majority, or at least those having control of the Gov-ernment, must decide it according to the best light they have; and all others must abide by the decision; for in all things coming pioperly under civil jurisdiction it is the duty of all men to obey the pow-ers that be, for they " are ordained of od." But suppose that the decision were fav-orable to the view entertained by the Christian Statesman; suppose that it were decided by the Government that Christ himself is the head of the Church, and ruler of nations, and that the pope's claim to be his representative is not valid; who then is to represent Christ? He is not person-ally present. There is no general, much less any universal agreement, as to his will. Who then is his proper representa-tive upon earth, if not the pope of Rome? The question raised is already answered by National Reform : " The Church is to teach the State God's message." This too was stated in the New Castle convention as a fundamental National Reform truth; and the editor of the Christian Statesman, himself a leading spirit in that convention, was evidently in accord with the declara-tion. What then 'is the difference between National Reform and the papacy? The papacy teaches that the pope, the visible head of the visible Church, is the vicar of Christ, authorized by him "to teach the State God's message," to, an-nounce his will to the governments of the earth. National Reform teaches that "the Church is to teach the State God's mes- sage," to announce to the governmentSGod's will; and that the State must obey under 