142 AMIEIELI CA. N SIENIPIN VoL. 10, No. 18. and sweep every vestige of Sunday-law legis-lation from the statute books in every State in the Union. Religious people quite too gen-erally are not satisfied to be protected in their right to worship according to the dictates of their own conscience, but they want to compel everybody else to worship as they do or not at all. Down with such Christians and down with such religion! "ŠSilver Creek (Neb.) Times, April 12. " THE State has nothing whatever to do with a Sabbath in the religious sense of the wordŠneither with the Jewish nor with the Anglo-American, nor with the Christian, of which the third [fourth] commandment treats. It has no jurisdiction in religious questions; con-sequently its duty consists in sparing the con-sciences and in the non-enactment of laws that encroach upon the freedom of conscience. And wherever such laws exist they ought to be repealed, and we find no fault with the. Adventists in the least if they do all in their power unto the attainment of this end and implore the cooperation of all who pray God to preserve unimpaired to this country its lib-. erty. Our position on Sunday legislation is that of Judge Parks. And we believe this to be the correct position, whereby one may keep a good conscience. Every State law is unjust, that will compel a person to act contrary to or in violation of his conscience in matters that do not come under the purview of govern-ment and upon which it may not legislate without making itself guilty of usurpation and tyranny."Š( Translated by Rev. Oscar Goelz, from Die Rundschau, Chicago, April 10.) " How can the people of Tennessee, or of any other State in this Union, founded on the idea of absolute equality of all men before the law, tolerate the retention on the statute books, of intolerant legislation which prescribes a State religion, and punishes thoSe who do not con-form to it. Quibble as any one may, the glaring fact re-mains that such legislation as this involves nothing less and nothing else than religious persecution. Whether a victim is burned at the stake, or is thrust into prison for refust.1 to pay fine and costs, the principle is the same; the outcome is alike in both cases: persecution for conscience' sake. . . . And how absurd this persecution seems on the part of those who persist in the mainte-nance of the first day of the week as 'the day of rest, when it is realized that the Bible or-dains the seventh day as the Sabbath, while nowhere in either the Old or the New Testa-ment is the, Sabbath thus divinely ordained, either abrogated or any provision made for the substitution of Sunday. Such legislation is utterly repugnant to our American institutions. As a mass, the Amer-ican people are religious. But they are not dominated by an offensive impulse to impose their religious convictions upon others. They are generous minded enough to recognize the sweet reasonableness of honest difference of opinion. They are certainly not .willing to have our institutions endangered by the formal establishment of a State religion."-- The Hebrew World, Nero York, April 12. "IT is incredible that, in the closing yeas s of the nineteenth century with all its boasted enlightenment and progress, there should re-main- on the statute books of any State a law 'whereby its citizens may be persecuted on ac-count of matters belonging to the realm of con-science, with which no government has of right anything whatever to do. The AMERICAN SENTINEL, of April 11, pub-lished in New York, gives the particulars of the arrest and imprisonment at Dayton, Tenn., of eight Seventh-day Adventists, because they  insist on observing the last day of the week, instead of the first, as a day devoted to rest and worship. These men are among the very best .citizens of the community in which they live. They are not the enemies of law and order. They are as far from being anarchists, as it is possi-ble for men to be. On all points not touching their peculiar religious belief and their con-scientious adherence to the observation of the Sabbath on a different day from that kept by most people, they are a law-abiding and 'exem-plary people. , They merely disobey laws in a matter of conscience which ought never to be enacted or enforced in this country. They re-fuse to pay fines, as did the Friends in New England and elsewhere two centuries ago, and they are, therefore, kept in jail. It need hardly be said that petty persecution. of this character is contrary to the Declaration of Independence and to the Constitution of the United States. It appears also to be contrary to the orgAnic law of Tennessee, which declares that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience.' "ŠThe Daily Herald, Morris-town, Pa., April 17. THE STATE AND MORALITY. MANY seem to think that the State must conserve the morals of its citizens. But the moral law is the arbiter of morals, and this law is the rule of a moral government, which is wholly administered by a moral governor. Morality, therefore, means conformity to the moral lawŠthe ten commandments. Immor-ality is discovered by the moral law, and is denominated sin, or unrighteousness. 1 John 3 : 4. It therefore follows that he who has 'once violated that law can never obey it so as to have it pronounce him moral; for " by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight." Rom. 3 : 20. So, then, the demands of the moral law can never be met by an immoral person; consequently no one can be made moral by the moral law even, much less by civil law. One way alone is open by which man may become moral. The morality or righteousness of Christ, which is the morality of God, may be imputed to every believer in him (Rom. 3: 21-23), and the moral law is then written in the heart by the Spirit of God (Heb. 8:10), which brings the creature into harmony with the Creator, .the author of morality. God is not only the Author of morality, but he has reserved to himself the privilege of promoting "morality in the earth, through his own chosen instrumentality. To the disciples of Christ is the commission given: " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." The Church. has therefore been made the conservator of morals in the world, and her duty in this is done through making known the gospel to all " for the obedience of faith." This is the only true obedience, and the only real morality. But the gospel and its accompanying influ-ence, the Spirit of God, are both necessary to the teaching of morality. As neither of these has been committed to the State, it has not the credentials for teaching morality, and therefore cannot do it. The Church has both of these essentials, and is thereby .qualified. But with her exalted privilege, she cannot punish those who refuse to become moral through her teachings. She cannot reward the moral, even. She may entreat and beseech men in Christ's stead to be reconciled to God; it is also hers to preserve her own purity, and the discipline of her membership. But beyond this she cannot go, since all rewards and pun-ishments in this direction are God's preroga- tive. Then let the State beware how she at-tempts to sit in the place of God, and wield his authority. Let her rather be satisfied to attend to civil matters only, adopting as her motto the words of Pope:Š Let not this weak, .unknowing hand Presume Thy bolts to throw And deal damnation round the land On each I judge Thy foe. ŠJ. 0. Corliss, in Australian Sentinel. ﬂ—CLERGY DO PROTEST." " And Use Harsh Words Against the Desecration of the Sabbath. De= mand Its Observance." THESE are a part of the headlines of a report of the recent mass meeting held in . this city, as reported in the St. Paul Globe of the morn-ing of April 16. The meeting was held at the People's Church, and the report says it was "largely attended. Vigorous speeches were made by several clergymen, and a permanent organization resolved upon." " Rev. J. W. Conway, of the First Baptist Church, invoked the divine blessing, and stated that there was a general feeling among all denominations that the American Sabbath was not adequately ob-served in St. Paul." Lutherans, Methodists, Episcopalians, Baptists and Catholics were rep-resented on the platform as being in favor of the reform. Several speeches were made in favor of the better observance of " Sunday," " the Sabbath," and " the American Sab-bath," all meaning, of course, the first day of the week commonly called Sunday. It seems quite evident that these so-called reformers chafe under the reproachful name of " Blue Laws," and "puritanical," so frequently used by their opposers; for Bishop Gilbert (Meth-odist Episcopal), in his speech, made the re-mark that " It is constantly asserted that we who work for the observance of the Sabbath are striving to bring back the Blue Laws and restore the unhappy days of the old time puritans. This is a manifest impossibility. Nor are we trying to deprive the working man of his right, to abridge his liberty, or to force religion upon him, willing or unwilling," No doubt these men are honest in what they say; but the logic of their course is to bring about the very thing which they deny. But while the bishop admits, indirectly at least, the rights of men, Dr. S. G. Smith, of the People's Church, denies this principle. In his speech he said: " People object against a Sunday law that will interfere with natural rights. There are no natural rights. Natu-ral rights mean savagery." Evidently, the reason for his doing this is because it is the only way out of the dilemma that Sunday laws do invade the inalienable rights of all men. But the following words found in his reported speech are not so far from the truth : "Never have the forces of secular-ism been so solidly arrayed against religion, morality and the Bible. Religion has become a tradition and a memory." He also gave one good point in regard to legislation in the fol-lowing words: "Until the people of our city churches unite in a better observance of the Sabbath, I have little faith in laws and legis-latures." Let all reformation begin with the people, and with the heart and not in the head, and there will never be any need of "law and legislatures" in the interests of reform. The Catholic Church was represented by Rev. John Gmeiner, who spoke in the place of Archbishop Ireland, who could not be present. In doing so he called attention to the attitude of that church by reference to the Council of Baltimore, and stated that "in 