12 VoL. 11, No. 2. And it is much worse to ruin young men who are not drunkards, than to sell to those who have become confirmed topers. Such legislation does not interfere at' all with the revenue which that church derives from her communicants who are dealers in in-toxicating drinks. It tends not to suppress the saloon, but rather to make it " respec-table." It allows the saloon to create the terrible thirst and craving for intoxicating drink, and then when the hapless devotee has fallen until its power over hint is stronger than life itself, it forbids him any further indulgence, and leaves him to a torture of unsatisfied desire to which death would be far preferable. Such is its intent; but the wretched toper generally finds some means to satisfy his tierce craving in spite of the law's restriction. It is very much in this way that the Sunday-closing law serves the cause of temperance. It makes Sunday to the drinker either a day of unsat-isfied waving, or a day on which he draws his supply of drink from his own home, instead of from the saloon. When it is remembered that on this occasion "Father" Doyle stood on common ground with Bishop Potter, Warner Miller, and other leading Protestant speakers by whom this meeting was called, it is easy to see that such mass meetings tend really to the exaltation of Sunday rather than to the suppression of cthe saloon. RELIGIO-ATHLETIC RECIPROCITY. BY J. 0. LAMSON. THE extent to which ministers of the gos-. pel will go to fill their pews, and the part they will take in order to get rid of any rival or competition against their attendance, is well illustrated by a dispatch in the New York World under date of Nov. 25. It seems that the University of Rochester football eleven were to play the Hamilton College team Thanksgiving day. It was the idea of the ministers to have services on that day in accordance with the President's proclamation. That was all right. But the football game was of so much more interest to the people than some sermon at the same hour that the ministers were afraid of losing their con-gregations entirely. They protested against the game at that hour, asking that it be postponed until the afternoon. Finally terms were affected "by sending out letters to all the prominent city ministers asking that if the game were deferred until after the services, the ministers next Sunday and Thanksgiving day would announce the game from the pulpits and urge attendance as a matter of reciprocity for the action of the students." We are informed that the minis-ters complied and gave their indorsements to the change, and thus the pulpit is made the bulletin board of the football games. "FOR THE SALOON'S SAKE." AT a large mass-meeting held in Carnegie Music Hall, New York, Dec. 16, at which Bishop Potter presided, in support of the law closing the saloons on Sunday, the Rev. A. P. Doyle, Catholic, made (as reported) this re-markable utterance: "If there were no other argument, I would ask to have the saloon closed on Sunday,  for the saloon's sake. If it should be permitted to go on for ten years corrupting and debauching seven days in the  week, the citizens would rise up in their might and crush it." We could ask for no more pointed corrobo-ration than this of the SENTINEL'S oft-made declaration, that the Sunday (saloon) law tends to the perpetuity of the saloon, by in-vesting it with a degree of respectability. If in ten years the saloon could be crushed by public indignation, through allowing it to remain open seven days in the week, that fact would constitute the strongest argument in favor of an open saloon on the first as well as on the remaining days of the week. But the Rev. Mr. Doyle, who is secretary of the Cath-olic Total Abstinence Union, wants Sunday closing of the saloon "for the saloon's sake." Lest it should be thought that no speaker making such an utterance could have any considerable influence at such a meeting, it should be mentioned that the Rev. W. H. P. Faunce, a prominent Baptist clergyman of this city, was introduced after "Father" Doyle, and in opening his speech said : " I am proud to follow a Catholic priest, even at a distance, in this cause so dear to us both." It is evident that Sunday keeping is fast coming to be the popularly recognized badge of respectability; and when the saloon duti-fully keeps Sunday, it too will become, in a measure at least, " respectable." But any Christian may well doubt the respectability of any plane upon which be and the saloon can stand together. A saloon can keep Sunday; but no saloon ever did or can keep God's Sabbath. Ł -4,  Ł  SABBATH-KEEPING AND SUNDAY-KEEPING. THERE is a wide difference between Sab-bath-keeping and Sunday-keeping. Sunday-keeping can be enforced by human law. Sabbath-keeping cannot be so enforced, but must be wholly a voluntary act. Among believers in Sunday observance, we find no harmony of conception as to what that observance should be, or what is the founda-tion upon which it rests. The Methodists, the Catholics, the Disciples, the Lutherans, all differ from one another in their observance of the day, and in their theories of the proper basis of its observance. Nor does unity of belief and practice exist throughout each sep-arate denomination; but clergymen of the same church give expression to widely differ-ing views upon the subject. All this is in itself conclusive evidence that Sunday sanctity and Sunday observance have their origin in the conceptions of the human mind. The Sunday rest day being a creation of man, it must be enforced, if at all, by human legislation. But this ignoble origin is fatal to any conception of it as a sacred day; for man, being fallen and sinful himself, cannot make anything sacred. Being dependent him-self for holiness, as all creatures are, upon the Lord, he cannot impart holiness to anything. "Who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? Not one." " There is none good but one, that is, God." All goodness, all holiness, is from God,Ša manifestation of the one Being who, in and of himself, is good and holy. What-ever is good and holy upon earth, is made so by the presence of God's Spirit. Only that is sacred or holy which God thus makes holy; and God has never made holy the first day of the week. Hence, however men may speak of it, it is not and cannot be a sacred day. Sunday observance being dependent upon human precept and legislation, cannot be a moral act; for morality is a condition of the heart, and the heart is not reached by human legislation. Only God's precepts and law can  so affect the heart as to produce moral action; and no precept or command of God enjoins Sunday observance. The saloon is made to keep Sunday, yet it continues to be a saloon. Sunday observance does not affect its charac-ter; it is the same evil thing, the same curse to humanity that it was when it was open seven days in the week. And just so with animate things. The worst sinner on earth may rest on Sunday and even attend public worship, because the "law" commands him to do so, and be a sinner still. The worst hypocrite on earth can be in outward acts a pious man. The Scriptures tell us of " false apostles, deceitful workers, transforming them-selves into the apostles of Christ. And no marvel; for Satan himslf is transformed into an angel of light." Be can put on a pious exterior, but he is the devil still. But not so with the Sabbath and law of God. Nothing evil can keep that law; for that cannot be kept by a mere outward con-formity with its demands. That law reaches the thoughts and motives of the heart. It forbids all evil thoughts, calling some of them murder, others adultery, and others covetous-ness. It commands the Sabbath to be kept not only by outward forms, but by making it a delight, "not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words." Isa. 58:14, 14. It commands the worship of God, not only in the letter of outward forms, but " in spirit and in truth." John 4:24. No sinner can keep the Sabbath until he is first made free from sin and thus changed into a righteous person. Such is the difference between Sunday-keeping and Sabbath-keeping; between com-pliance with the legislation of man, and with the law of God. It is Sabbath-keeping and not Sunday-keeping that separates us from the company of all that is evil. No human precept, custom, or legislation, can effect this separation, but only that Word which is the basis of faith. THE "CORPORATION CONSCIENCE." IN the Christian Statesman of Dec. 14, Mr. Charles Roads, chairman of the Philadel-phia "good citizenship committee," makes some true observations concerning the " cor-poration conscience." Sir Edward Coke's re-mark, " Corporations have no souls, has," he says, "served as soporific to many moral convictions. But neither the human law nor God will stop to deal with that abstraction, the corporation. They will arrest and punish the men who compose it. What transparent folly to imagine that God will be confused by the intricacies of constitution and by-laws of business associations in getting at guilty souls!" It is strange that this same writer, and those for whom he speaks through the above named journal, cannot see that what is true of corporations with their constitutions and by-laws, in this respect, is true also of civil government,with its constitution and by-laws. In the Day of Judgment God will not deal with civil government, hnt with individuals. Mr. Roads and the Christian Statesman party are zealons advocates of a scheme which is to "put God in the Constitution," by so amend-ing the preamble to that venerable document as to place within it a "suitable acknowledg-ment" of Jesus Christ as the nation's king, and of his revealed will as the source of all rightful authority in civil affairs. In this he and they proceed upon the theoryŠexactly contrary to the languaged above quotedŠthat some virtue can attach to a national profession of religion through the Constitution. But if 