AMERICAN SENTINEL. 729 rights shared by all mankind alike, irrespective of reli-gious belief or variations of personal condition. And this is the only proper ground of civil legislation. Based upon narrower ground, as the believers in Sunday sa-credness would have it, legislation can only invade the rights which it ought to protect. The field of religious belief is properly the field of moral suasion, and of that only. 1. Ł The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 13. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE United States is the only nation that ever es-poused, in the fullest sense, the governmental principle of Protestantism. It was the first that ever "dared to set the example of accepting in its relation to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea," and it was the first to leave the management of temporal things to the temporal power. From the Federal Government was withheld by the Constitution the "power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul." And Bancroft is careful to say that all this was in order that the "Infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and power." Nor does the historian give this as his own deduc-tion. He had abundant evidence from the writings of those who took part in the formation of the Constitution to show that it was because they respected the Author of the Christian religion and the Holy SpiritŠthe Infinite Spirit of eternal truthŠthe only true representative of Christ in the earth. Could such a position taken by this nation at its be-ginning fail to have an influence upon the nations of the Old World? Could such a wide departure from the prac-tices of the older nations fail to incite the wonder and astonishment of those governments? It certainly could not. Hence we find a writer in La Liberte (1868) saying, "The population of America, not thinned by any con-scription, multiplies with prodigious rapidity, and the day may before long be seen, when they will number sixty to eighty millions of souls. This parvenu [one recently risen to notice] is aware of his importance and destiny. Hear him proudly exclaim, "America for Americans!" See him promising his alliance to Russia; and we see that power, which well knows what force is, grasp the hand of this giant of yesterday. In view of his unparalleled pro-gress and combination, what are the little toys with which we vex ourselves in Europe. . . . Had we not better take from America the principle of liberty she em-bodies, out of which have come her citizen pride, her gigantic industry, and her formidable loyalty to the des-tinies of her Republican land?"Š"Marvel of Nations," p. 22. Says another, "America is certainly the observed of  all observers. The eyes of nations are upon her. This free government, this 'experiment at free government,' as European absolutists have sneeringly termed it, fixes the gaze of the whole world." It is needless here to multiply statements of this kind, when it is such a well-known fact. Embodying, as we have seen, in its fundamental law Šthe ConstitutionŠthe principle of religious liberty; and and by its Protestant principles furnishing the fairest field for the settlement of the question that we have seen must eventually come up, viz., the Sunday questionŠit might Well be asked, Is this Government pointed out in the "Scripture of truth" and its work noted therein? There is every antecedent probability that such is the case. Nations less wonderful, less mighty, of less influ-ence, have been mentioned in the prophetic Word; why not this Government? Certainly if reasons can be offered why other nations should be thus spoken of, more nu-merous, more weighty reasons could be given in favor of the United States. Granting the possibility of this Government being mentioned in the prophetic Scriptures, where shall we turn in our search for it? We think that a careful study of the symbol mentioned in Rev. 13:11-17 will convince one that the prophet is describing this nation, with par-ticular reference to the question of Sunday. But of this much we may be certain: either the beast with two horns brought to view in the Scripture referred to is a symbol of the United States, or else this country has no place in the prophecies; and, further, that no na-tion has ever arisen which could possibly answer to the symbol. But it is impossible for this last to be true, for the "Scripture cannot be broken;" and it is equally im-possible to suppose that our nation is not a subject of prophecy, when we bear in mind that nations of less prominence and influence have been. Without going into an extended study of the sym-bols with which that of Rev. 13:11 is associated, and which would strengthen the position that the two-horned beast is a symbol of the United States, an examination of the symbol itself will be sufficient to prove the correct-ness of this view." It is well known that beasts, when spoken of symbol-ically, represent earthly governments. Dan. 7:1-7,17, 23. And also, that a lamb is frequently spoken of as a symbol of Christ. John 1:29, 36; Rev. 5:6. From this the conclusion is irresistible that the beast with the two-horns like a lamb, is a government founded upon principles, lamb-like in their nature, and which are in accordance with the teachings of Jesus Christ concerning the duties of nations in their relations to their own subjects, and to all other nations. It is not too much to say that the nation which would approach the nearest to the principles taught by Christ or by his Spirit through the apostles would come the nearestŠso far as it is possible for earthly nations to do soŠto being like the nation which should have Christ to rule over it. 