The Munson Typewriter A Chicago Product. Latest and Best. SPEEDŠWonderful. TOUCHŠLight and Elastic. WEIGHTŠWithout Case 11 Pounds 12 oz. KEYSŠThirty, with Ninety Characters. KEYBOARDŠUniversal, Easily Learned. ALIGNMENTŠPerfect and Permanent. TYPE WHEELŠSteel and Interchangeable. LANGUAGESŠSeven. I have had a Munson typewriter in constant use for over a year, and consider it in many respects, the best typewriter in the market. It is small, light and compact. It is as handsome as a watch, and looks more like an ornament than a thing of use. The Munson will do anything that any other will do, and as quickly and well, if not quicker and better. J. A. WALDRON, Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper, New York City. After a year's use of the Munson typewriter, I heartily pronounce it as being unexcelled by any machine in the market. In the direction of clearness and beauty of type, and alignment, it is without a rival. L. J. LIVELY, Manager, D. Appleton & Co., Chicago. The Munson is certainly the equal of any machine for speed and general efficiency as an office machine; and when it comes to traveling there is nothing like it. DR. E. J. WAGGONER, London, England. I like the Munson machine very much. It is doing me good service, and I can recommend it to all who want a typewriter. 0. A. OLSEN, Pres. S. D. A. Gen. Conf., Battle Creek, Mich. I would not exchange my Munson typewriter for any typewriter on the market. L. C. CHADWICK, Pres. I. T. fl M. Soc., Bridgtown, Barbadoes. Address, The Munson Typewriter Co., Or, A. F. Ballenger, Special Agent, 162 La Salle St., CHICAGO, ILL. 28 College Place, CHICAGO, ILL. HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED us 1881. WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. If if whole wheat flour, " 44 4 i "B" Fruit Crackers, not sweetened, 44 Lemon Cream Biscuits, 14 it Graham 44 64 Oat Meal ,, " Grahamk  Crackers, Whole Wheat Crackers, White " very palatable, Carbon if Gluten Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, Pure Gluten, 64 44 Wheat " Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 25c These goods are put up in boxes, at the following prices:Š Fruit Biscuits, A and B, 31 lbs. per box, $4.00 Lemon Cream Biscuits, 26 " " " 2.60 Graham 44 26  44 44 Oat Meal 44 80  44 44 per lb., 38 lbs. per box, 3.00 Cereola, in cases of 50 packages, one and a quar- ter lbs. each, 6.00 Cereal Coffee, 25 packages, 5.00 Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use both in sickness and health. It is the same as formerly adver-tised under the name Granola. Goods, to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. T.Inieu SMITH, Editor Review and Herald. How. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. Batons, 31. D. How. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. How. W. H. MAsoN, postmaster. How. J. W. BATLEY, Fig-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, 31. D. ,,B,, ,,A,, "B" slightly sweetened " not sweetened " Oat Meal " II 44 slightly sweetened " sweetened no 44 1.4 41. 44 44 44 64, 46 44 15c 15c 15c 12c 12c 12c 100 10e 10c 10e 10c 10e 15e 30c 10c 40c 20c 2.60 3.00 Any of the above Crackers, quoted at 10 cents Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich, HISTORY OF THE WALDENSES, Sy J. Wylie, LgLe.D. ILLUSTRATED BY 20 FULL-PAGE ENGRAVINGS. This work describes the conflicts waged by the Waldenses, and the martyrdoms they endured in defense of their faith and their liberty. Recent events have brought the Waldenses to notice, and thrown a new light upon the grandeur of their struggle and the important issues which have flowed from it. In their mountain fastnesses they maintained the faith of the early Christians, and by their untiring missionary labors, this faith was diffused to all the nations of Europe, thus prepar-ing the way for the great Reformation. This his-tory is well calculated to strengthen our faith in the power of the gospel to sustain the soul of the believer under the most bitter and cruel persecu-tion, and to incite to perseverance in the cause of the Master. 212 pages. Price 90c. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH & CASTRO STREETS, I 43 BOND STREET, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK, SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. Russia leather, for 2 pens 10c. it ft 3 '' 15c. Sealskin, 2 /115c. 3 ,, 25c. Russia leather, for 4 " 25c. Sealskin, 4 " 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEw YORK. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 319 her Church and State regime. History repeats itself, and the same conditions at work in our own coun-try that were in operation then will surely produce the same results. Is there not cause for alarm that these sentiments will continue to grow to such an extent that we will in time have created right here in our own beloved land a condition that will lead to the Dark Ages, which condition then was brought about simply because the civil power had authority to enforce what was regarded as orthodox in religion I, for one, sincerely hope that time will never come in this country, but as continual dropping wears away the stone, so a constant agitation of the matter of a united sentiment in favor of a cer-tain line of thought may bring about action in that line, even though it may be wholly wrong in prin-ciple. I should be glad to know that your views have been misinterpreted, and to this end would respectfully solicit a reply hereto. Very truly yours, W. E. CORNELL. Parish House, St. James Free Church, Syracuse, N. Y., June, 23, 1892. To W. E. CORNELL, ESQ., Des Moines, Iowa. Dear Sir: Your interesting letter of the 21st is at hand. Certainly I do not desire a civil power to compel men to be " orthodox " in their opinions. But religion is not primarily a matter of opinions. Religion is the deep background of common justice, morality and humanity; it is the life of the Na-tion. The commonwealth would disintegrate in a day without it. Religion is the elemental truth of things; it is the science of sciences; it is the taking of the facts of the universe as they are. I believe that the fathers of the American polit-ical Constitution were wise in keeping speculate theology out of politics. I hope by the steady prosecution of their plan that we shall be able to get more and more of living religion into politics, and thereby save the Nation from the formidable dangers that now threaten its disruption. I have no cut-and-dried prescription for the es-tablishment of that American church for which I hope and pray. I expect that it will wait and grow in the divine, vital, historic, irregular, illogical way. Certainly it will be like nothing that ever was in the world before. History repeats itself only as men repeat the stories of childhood, in an ever-changing sense. The signs of the growth of this great church seem to me to be very obviously apparent. The two main tendencies that make in this direction are: (1) the increasing popular contempt for the kind of religion that has to do only with the " next world "Ša contempt which will ultimately destroy sectarianism ; (2) The increasing popular conscious-ness that only a true and vital religion can solve the pressing economic and political problemsŠa consciousness which on the day that it fully awakens to the broad truth that religion is the foundation of the StateŠnot a decoration, an efflorescence, or an afterthoughtŠwill then begin the construction of the outward form of that " American church of which the President of the Ł United States shall be the acknowledged head, and which shall concern itself with every phase of American life." I can see nothing very terrible about thisŠno racks, no thumb-screws. The Sovereign of Eng-land is the "acknowledged head" of the English Church; but the Inquisition is not in session there; and indeed it has become a commonplace to say that the English Constitution is practically more free and democratic than our own. I hope that I may hear from you again. I thank you for your letter, and beg to subscribe myself, Yours sincerely, CHARLES FERGUSON, Rector of St. James Church. Mr. Ferguson has recently resigned his pastorate. His parishioners did not take kindly to some of his views. It does not appear however that they dis-sented from his advocacy of a union of Church and State; they apparently saw nothing alarming in the idea of a great American church with the President at its head; but when Mr. Ferguson pro-posed that they sell their valuable church property for the relief of the poor, they intimated that they would like to employ another pastor; hence the resignation. " IN the Chain-gang for Conscience' Sake " is the title of one of the latest publications of the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association. It is a 12-page tract giving a brief history of the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Henry and Obion Counties, Tennessee. This tract is only fifty cents per hundred, which fact together with its intrinsic merit ought to secure it a wide circulation. Ad-dress all orders to Review and Herald, Battle Creek, Mich. 