56 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 7. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 12, 1891. . NOTE.-Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked-to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. AT the time of closing this paper, the case of R. M. King, the Tennessee Ad-ventist, fined by a court of that State for common labor upon Sunday, has not yet been decided by the United States District.  Court, to which it was carried on writ of habeas corpus. Two weeks ago, we stated that Judge Hammond had decided that he had no jurisdiction in the matter, but this was, it seems, an error. We supposed at the time that our information was reliable, but the event proved other--Asc. REv. T. A. FERNLEY, D. D., is credited by a Philadelphia paper, with the state-ment, that in a recent conversation which he had with Mr. Blaine, that gentleman had said the World's Fair should be closed on Sunday for hygienic. reasons and that the society couldn't do better than print the " Sermon on the Mount," the best thing ever spoken, and scatter it broad-cast. But so far as we are informed neither the Doctor nor the Secretary has explained the connection between the Ser-mon on the Mount and the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. A CONTRIBUTOR to Our Day says : " In Wyoming the State Sabbath Reform As-sociation has been strengthened, and it hopes to restore the kidnapped Sabbath law which the last territorial Legislature suddenly repealed. In Utah, the State Association is also awakening to resist the boomerang against the Sabbath that is hidden in the ' boom' that comes with Gentile supremacy." So it-seems that when a Legislature re-peals a Sunday law it is guilty of kidnap-ping! And that the political overthrow of Mormonism, by means of the ballot-box, is a boomerang, because likely to prove dangerous to Sunday laws ! Ł Ł  A CORRESPONDENT'Of the Christian Un-ion says that Bishop Whately reports that as late as the last generation, they de-ceived themselves by the sophism that " religious liberty was, by all means to be maintained, but not so with irreligious liberty." But this need occasion no sur-prise When we consider that many of the present generation deceive themselves by the sophism that " while there should be absolute separation between Church and  State, there should not be a separation of religion and the State." The sophistry of one is as great as of the other. , There can be . no uniau of religion and the State without -a-  union of Church and State, unless, indeed, the Church and re-ligion are entirely separate, which, how-ever, can never be, though the National Reformers seem determined -to make it so in order that they may compass their ends. In this country the term " religion," when unqualified, means Christianity. It is- in this sense that the National Reform-ers use it. But Christianity is bound up in the Church. The Scriptures declare the Church to be " the pillar and ground of the truth;" therefore the two cannot be separated, and to conjoin religion and the State is also to unite the State and the Church which is " the pillar and ground " of that religion. Therefore, in this as in everything else, National Re-form is antichristian. AT a late meeting of the Board of Man-agers of the American Sabbath Union, resolutions of confidence in President Shepard's management were passed. Ar-rangements were made for publishing a quarterly journal to be entitled the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, and to bear the in-scription " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's Day," under the editorial charge of the general Secretary, the Rev. J. H. Knowles, D. D., with the Rev. James P. Mills, district Secretary of the Sixth Dis-trict, as assistant editor, residing at Chi-cago. Provisions were also made for the employment of an attorney at law for the prosecution of violators of the Sunday laws. A resolution was adopted protesting against any change in the Sunday laws of New Jersey, and the general Secretary was instructed to forward a copy of the same to the Legislature of that State, at Trenton. OF the American Sabbath Union and its Philadelphia meeting, the Sabbath Recorder says :Š While we have believed, and do still believe, that the Union is working front a wrong basis, and for an object which cannot in the end be any help to the spread of the true Christian religion, we'cannot look upon this wrangling among Christian men without pain and regret. Why should we leave the word of God and appeal to courts in order " to have the Sabbath generally observed as a day of rest and worship," any more than we should adopt the same methods to secure any other religious observance ? For the declared object of the Union effectually sweeps away the fiction of "a civil Sabbath merely," about which we have heard so much of late. Let us have all religious observances based upon the consciences of men; enlightened by the word of God and quickened by his Spirit. All else is but empty form so far as any religious character is con-cerned, and such disgraceful, political wrangles as were witnessed at Philadelphia, are but the legiti-mate results of the appeal to the civil laws, which,  appeal carries with it political methods. Another thought-  suggests itself to us in this connection; it is this: When men  grow so bitter toward each other over only a question of management, what may we not expect their feelings to be toward those who oppose their principles and metheds ? And does it not go without saying that it would be unsafe to entrust them with the power to coerce their fel-lows ? IN his address, at the Philadelphia meet-ing, the President of the American Sabbath Union criticised certain labor organiza-tions for holding their meetings on Sun-day. At these meetings, people were, he said, harangued by orators, who while denying the existence of a God, appeal for the God-given rights of the down-trodden toilers. If the Sabbath Union would or-ganize, said he, to make the Sabbath known to these men, it would do a great work. " The mission work should be car-ried to them and to those precious walking delegates who go around making trouble. These busybodies would soon be out of work, and their organizations would crum-ble into dust if it were made possible to enforce Sunday observance." THE Philadelphia Sabbath Association, the oldest organization of its kind in this country, has frowned on General 0. 0. Howard and Dr. George Dana Boardman. At a recent meeting of the Association, John Alexander, a member, objected to the  ap-proval of the Secretary's report in so far as it says " that Dr. Boardman and General Howard ably filled the bill with speeches," at the American Sabbath Union anniver-, sary, held in this city a few weeks ago. He said the doctrine enunciated by the two gentlemen was unsound, and he for one didn't approve of it. He said it was wrong to have a meeting held at the First Baptist Church, because Dr. Boardman was not in sympathy with the Association's ideas of the Sabbath. " General Howard's speech was full of heresy," Mr. Alexander said. " I think that was the most un-fortunate meeting that I ever attended. I hope that the Board will never meet again in a church where the pastor is not in sympathy with us." The report was amended and approved. THERE are said to be twenty-eight associ-ations, in California, working for the pas-sage of a Sunday law in that State. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, _ DEVOTED TO The defense of 'American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, - - - - - 90e, In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Donci. Street, New York, 