254 A.MIElEtICA_N N TIINV11_4 VoL. 11, No. 32 A REVIVAL OF THE " STOCKS" LAW. 'Bible Echo (Melbourne, Australia), July 6, 1896.] IT may be a surprise to some to learn that the old Sunday law of Charles IL, enacted in 1677, is in force in Victoria, but such seems to be the case. On May 28, 1896, David and Zalic Nettle-berg, furriers, of Port Melbourne, were pros-ecuted " under the provisions of section 1 of Act 29 Charles II.," for "following Łtheir usual occupation on Sunday, 17th May," and each fined 5s. So says the Melbourne Age, of May 29. The report further states that " Miss Nettleberg, owner of the business, who was also present, expressed her surprise that members of a family ' could not do as they liked on their own premises.' " Not only Miss Nettleberg, but a great many other Victorians, will no doubt be surprised to learn, when Sunday laws are revived and enforced in this and other colonies, that such laws have no regard for individual rights either at home or abroad. This same section 1 of the Sunday law of Charles II., not only prohibits " worldly labor, business, or work " on Sunday, but requires " that all and every person and persons whatsoever shall, on every Lord's day, Łapply themselves thereon in the dutyes of piety and true religion publiquely and privately." "That all the laws enacted and in force concerning the observation of the Lord's day, and repaireing to the church therein bee care-fully put in execution." And then it imposes a fine of 5s. for every offense, or in default " to be set publicly in the stocks for two hours." And the provis-ions for "repaireing to the church," " apply-ing themselves to the dutyes of piety and true religion," and the " two hours in the stocks," are as much a part of the law as that forbid-ding " worldly labor." And if a person chooses to observe the Bible Sabbath, the seventh day, instead of the Sunday, falsely called the Lord's day, that will make no difference, as was demon-strated two years ago in Sydney. The law says the day " commonly called Sunday " is the day of rest, and individual responsibility, conscientious convictions, and personal rights must all bow in submission to this religious man-made law. All Sunday laws are in di-rect opposition to the law of God. Ł CHURCH AND STATE IN AUSTRIA-HUNGARY. [New York Tribune.] * MONSIGNOR AGLIARDI has his revenge. For meddling too much in Hungarian politics he has been compelled to retire from the office of papal nuncio at Vienna. But before doing so he has been made a cardinal, and the king of Hungary has been called upon to place the red cap upon his head. In addition he has hurled a Parthian shaft into the camp of his foes which is certain to cause vast trouble. This latter takes the form of a long " code of instructions," issued in the pope's name to the Roman Catholic clergy and laity of Hun-gary. It has been issued without the sanction of the king, which the law requires, and without the agency of the Hungarian primate, which custom and courtesy seem to demand. That is to say, it has been issued in the most defiant and irritating manner possible, as though its object were to annoy and to punish the Hungarians for their refusal to accept * Reprinted in Public Opinion of July 30, 1896. Monsignor Agliardi's dictation in political affairs. Nor are the provisions of this document less aggressive than the manner of its issuance. Catholics are commanded to obey the rules of the church rather than the laws of Hungary, in civil as well as religious matters. The clergy are commanded to continue without cessation their opposition to and agitation against the civil marriage, religious equality, and other reform laws enacted by the Hun-garian government. To this end brother-hoods and church societies are to be organ-ized everywhere. Clerical newspapers are to be circulated everywhere. A vigorous prop-aganda is to be maintained among all classes. Especial attention is to be paid to regaining control of the schools and colleges. And, finally, the terrors of excommunication are to be threatened against all who seem inclined to obey the civil rather than the clerical laws. There can be no mistaking the purport of this. It means war. The " code of instruc-tions " is almost identical with that issued to the Roman Catholics of Germany as a re-sponse to the Falk laws, and we all know what that meant and what it accomplished. This differs from it only in the addition of certain vigorous clauses directed against Hungarian nationality and against Hungarian laws. By the national press of Hungary it is regarded as a challenge, which Hungary must accept, and which will surely precipitate a bitter struggle between Church and State. There is also a strong suspicion that the noto-rious reactionist, Dr. Lueger, has a hand in the matter. He is one of the most bitter foes of religious liberty, and an implacable enemy of Hungary. Whether or not he was con-cerned in the issuance of the mandate, there-fore, he,is certainly in sympathy with it, and will receive from it much aid and comfort in his efforts to break up the dual empire and to re-establish religious despotism. RELIGION IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. [Christian Register, August 6, 1896.] IT seems likely that an effort will shortly be made by the united evangelical bodies to have a certain time set apart for regular religious instruction. The recent attempt made by the party of the Established Church in England to force sectarian instruction into the Board Schools proved a disastrous failure, but only because there all the evangelical forces united with the Unitarian in opposing a measure which was not their own. In this country the conditions will be entirely different; and, should the sects which now unite in Young Men's Christian Associations and Christian Endeavor Societies, both of which exclude Unitarians, join in a great popular clamor for sectarian education in the public schools, they would probably have a numerical major-ity. Already one of the influential magazines of education, the School Journal, which has heretofore advocated secular and religious training, has come out strongly in favor of special religious instruction. THE POWER POWER OF CONSCIENCE. "Christianity and Patriotism," by Count Leo Tolstoi. THEY [despotic governments] know that power lies not in force, but in thought and in its clear expression, and consequently fear it more than armies. Therefore they institute censorships, bribe the press, monopolize the direction of religions, of schools. Yet the  spiritual force which moves the world evades them nevertheless: it is not in the book, nor on the paper, it is always free and out of reach, it is in the conscience of men. That most powerful and free force manifests itself in man when he is alone, when lie is pondering over life's phenomena, when he is sharing his thoughts with his wife, with his brother, his friend, from whom he considers it a sin to conceal what he thinks to be the truth. No billions of dollars, no millions of soldiers, no in-stitutions, nor wars, nor revolutions can achieve what can be achieved by the simple expression by a free man of what he considers right. -Ł-Ł  IT is predicted in Scripture (Matt. 24: 24; 2 Tim. 3: 8; Rev. 13: 13, 14, etc.) that the time will come when false religions will ap-peal in a special manner to mankind through the avenue of the senses. False religions bave always appealed to men in this way, having indeed no other means by which to gain their converts; but as the conflict between false and true reaches its climax, these appeals and the " evidence" on which they rest will be made as strong as possible, and there will be witnessed manifestations of a wonderful and startling character. These will present "evi-dence" _which-to the senses will be absolutely convincing, and will logically compel all who reject any other means of evidence to accept the doctrines for which they vouch. And thus will Spiritualism finally sweep into its ranks the atheists and "freethinkers" ,and all others of whatever party or creed who reject that other and most essential avenue for re-ceiving religions truthŠnamely, faith. Here is the essential difference between Christian-ity and false religions; the one makes faith in the word of God the highest and most es-sential means of religious knowledge; the others seek al ways to convince by presenting something which appeals to the senses. " FREEDOM " is an alluring word, but one which is often ignorantly appropriated where it does not belong. " Freethought" has a pleasant sound to many minds, but there is no freedom in the name. The child wishes to be " free," not realizing to what an extent it is the slave of circumstances. Given its " freedom," it would very soon come to grief through its inability to cope with surround-ing difficulties. It could get nothing in com-parison with what it would receive through parental care. "Freethinkers" are like chil-dren who do not want their parents to tell them anything. They want to enjoy the " freedom" which can be attained by their own wisdom and abilities. They forget that the very air which they breathe is not sup-plied by any wisdom or ability of their own; that these have not caused one heart-beat within their breasts. They forget that their creed provides no way of escape from that worst of all slaveriesŠthe slavery of passion, which compels a person to do that which he would not, and which he knows to be drag-ging him to ruin. It is Christianity alone that stands for perfect liberty. -0- SPEAKING of the Sunday-in-nature argu-ment, an exchange forcibly says: "If we found flowers closing their petals, fowls seek-ing their roosts, and animals their habitations every Sunday, and not emerging until Mon-day morning, some support for seventh-day idleness could be drawn from nature; but as long as vegetation continues to grow on the Sabbath and animals know no difference be-tween Sunday and Monday, the argument will be without force." 