.AMERICAN SENTINEL. 555 "There are mountains of almost pure iron ore in Missouri and Arkansas. There are millions of tons of the finest ore in the Superior region. There is a fabu-lous amount of ore in Cuba, but all of it from Lake Superior to Santiago is controlled by the trust, and in order to maintain prices it is fed to the world's consum-ers in homeopathic doses, through homeopathic mills. "It is true that our iron trade has grown enormously since the war with Spain, but it is also true that the rav-enous trust, instead of adequately increasing the output of ore and the milling capacity, has kept things going at the old gait at a heavy increase in prices. "This is the true trust principleŠthe principle of cor-nering a commodity and making the public pay for it." Laying the Foundation of Monarchy. ACCORDING to reliable reports from the South, a movement has been in progress for several years in por-tions of Texas and Louisiana, the aim of which is to depopulate that country of the negroes. The methods employed are violence and intimidation, and it is be-cause of this that it is mentioned in the SENTINEL. This is one among many indications which reveal a national departure from the principles of government defined in the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. That the nation is rapidly drifting away form these principles, is a fact which should awaken the concern of all Americans. Taking occasion from two recent outbreaks against the negroes in this district of the South, a writer in the New York Sun discourses at some length on the nature and results of this method of seeking the solution of the southern race problem. We quote from his statements the following:Š "NEW ORLEANS, August 23.ŠThe outbreak during the week against the negroes at Orange, Texas, just across the Sabine River from Louisiana, is only a repe-tition of similar outbreaks that have occurred in the black belt of eastern Texas and southwestern Louisiana during the last few years, and which will make itself felt in the next census. Through all this region, almost as great as New York, the negro is being rapidly driven back and is taking refuge in the larger towns, particu-larly in New Orleans. This movement to get rid of the negro population, while not systematic or organized, has the support of a majority of the whites. It is partly industrial and partly racial, but its effect is markedŠthat of getting rid of the negroes. "During the past week two of these mob outbreaks were reportedln nowise related to each other, yet having the same object in view. In Tangipahoa Parish, Louisi-ana, a mob of Whitecaps, after shooting into the houses of the negroes and killing one of their leaders, posted notices on all the mills, warning the companies against employing negroes in the sawmills or on the railroads. A postscript announced that the negroes would be al-lowed to make bricksŠmost of the companies conduct lumber mill and brick yards side by sideŠbut not in any other industry, in logging, on the lumber railroads or in  any of the more lucrative industries, which it was de-clared should be reserved for the whites. "The affair at Orange was identical. The town is one of the largest lumber centers of the Southwest, and its mills have employed both white and negro labor. It is asserted that the millmen were displacing white with negro employes, as the latter were cheaper and more easily controlled. There has been much feeling on this subject for some time. Finally it broke out into overt action. Exactly the same course was pursued as in Tangipahoa. Whitecaps rode around the country, fired into a house where a number of negroes were assembled for mutual comfort and protection, and killed one and wounded several others. This was followed by the usual skull and crossbones letters warning the negroes to leave Orange County. "Although there were no additional acts of violence, the warning letter, accompanied with the one shooting -affair, had the desired effect, and since then the negroes have been leaving Orange by the hundreds, selling their property for whatever they could get for it. Most of them were well-to do and owned their homes. The mill men made an appeal to the governor for troops and the Houston Cavalry were ordered there to preserve the peace. There has been no disturbance since, but the presence of the troops has not reassured the negroes who are moving out, recognizing that the whites do not want them, and that their lives would be very unpleas-ant if they remained. "This is the story that has come from a score of counties in Texas and parishes in Louisiana in the last few years and which is rapidly thinning out the negro population southwest of the Mississippi. The black belt which extends from Virginia southward and westward, and runs over into Texas, has been steadily driven back for the last ten years. Every now and then a disturb-ance is reported in some part of this district. A negro is shot, usually not more than one, and a warning given to the 'bad negroes' to leave. They do so, and proba-bly a good many others, and from that time forward there is a more or less steady negro emigration from that district. The consequence has been that all the coast counties of Texas and Louisiana have been grow-ing steadily whiter by the departure of the negroes and the coming in of whites. Whereas nearly all the par-ishes of Louisiana west of New Orleans had a majority of negroes ten years ago, they are white to day; and Jefferson, Plaquemines, Assumption, Lafourche, Iberia, St. Martin and St. Landry have changed their majori-ties from black to white. The negro population which has been at a standstill,is now decreasing. The negroes are shut out of many industries in which they were em-ployed formerly and are now being crowded out of plan-tation work. "The consequence of these disturbances and the emi-gration of the negro from the rural districts is to drive them into the towns, and particularly into New Orleans, where there has been an extraordinarily large increase of blacks. The census will show an increase of from 40 to 50 per cent. in the decade, in spite of the excessive mortality, running up to 36 in a thousand a year. The negro population of New Orleans is not self-perpetuat-ing. With a high mortality and a low birth-rate, the negroes would soon die out but for the newcomers from the rural districts. These are pouring in by the thou 