"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, JULY 27, 1899. NUMBER 29. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) ENFORCED rest always makes a well man very tired. ttz DEMOCRACY and great wealth cannot flourish to-gether in the same land. EVERY Sunday law finds fault with men for following the example of the Creator. THE cords that hold mankind in the channels of morality are not attached to any earthly source of power. .4 .4 THIS age is doing its best to give the lie to that old and familiar Scripture, "A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches." .4 .4 THE nations all profess friendship for one another, but no nation has as much friendship for any other nation as it has for gold. rot ~t THE only significance that can belong to a weekly rest upon a specified day is a religious one. That was the significance given it by the Creator in the beginning, and no sophistry of man or act of the legislature can make it different. <4 .4 THE only Sabbath which God ever provided for man- kind is a spiritual SabbathŠ"the Sabbath of the Lord;" and that the Omniscient never provided any other ought with Christians at least to be proof that no other is needed. rot ro't IT is not more and louder thunders of law, with awe-inspiring manifestations of power and majesty, that is needed to make things better in the world. The ancient Hebrews had all this at Mount Sinai, but instead of drawing them nearer the Lord, it only drove them fur-ther away. .4 .4 IN republican government an institution is subser-vient to the individual, and not the individual to an in-stitution. Government serves the individual, and is not his lord and master. The former was made for the lat-ter, not the latter for the former. The individual was the crowning act of God's creation, and man has not made anything greater than was made by him. CHRISTIANITY aims to pur.ify men by casting out the world from their hearts. But there is a false Christian-ity in the land to-day which aims to purify the world by casting out men. Great religious organizations are holding conven-tions and planning for an aggressive campaign to "puŁ rify politics." Certain classes of men must be cast out of Congress and the State legislatures, that these polit-ical bodies may be purified and we may have a truly Christian government. When the government has been purified the evils that are now rampant in society will disappear, and there will be ushered in a reign of right-eousness and the establishment of the kingdom of God, so they say. This is the old story of the world purifying itself, which is only one form of the subtle doctrine that man can be his own Saviour. Politics is of the World; civil government is of the world. In this country the most 