280 A_TmErearCA.NT IH1NrIPINEr, Vol.,. 8, No. 35. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 7, 1893. Qom` ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invar1 able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Christian Statesman does Seventh-day Adventists the justice to say that they " specifically deny having any part in the Stein injunction." THE Philadelphia authorities recently arrested several persons for manufactur-ing clothing on Sunday. The accused were all found guilty, and fined under the law of 1794. THE Christian Statesman complains that " the Government examiner continues his examination of the Commercial Bank of New York through the Sabbath, keeping half a dozen persons at Sunday work." THE Advent Review and Sabbath Herald of the 29th ult. states that several Seventh-day Adventists have been banished to Siberia, by the Russian authorities, for their faith. In this country they are only imprisoned and worked in the chain-gang, but the principle is the same. THE Stein injunction still lives to trouble both the Sunday closers and the Sunday openers. The Sunday Fair does not pay, lar..t open gates are none the less offensive to the friends of the so-called " American Sabbath." Mr. Crafts says that " this farce has ceased to be funny, and has become tiresome." THE Christian Statesman accounts for the increased attendance at the World's Fair by saying : " It is evident . that most of the Christian people who refused to at-tend during authorized Sunday opening do not consider the nominal re-opening under the Stein injunction anything more than a technicality, closing having been practically achieved." MARKED papers have been sent to us containing statements very damaging to the reputation of the author of one of the Sunday bills recently before Congress. The facts are that the gentleman is charged with seduction and breach of promise by a young lady, who says that he agreed to marry her in the event of his wife's death. His wife did die, and he subsequently married another lady ; hence the suit. The case has not yet been tried, fl,r d. we are not warranted in assuming the guilt of the defendant and defaming him before the world. But even if guilty that fact could in no way affect the merits of the Sunday bill which he introduced, If a  worthy measure, it could be none the less so because of the bad character of its author; while on the other hand, improper legislation does not become proper because of the good character of those who advo-cate it. The SENTINEL deals with princi-ples not with men. AUGUST 26, Toronto, Canada, voted on the proposition to allow the running of Sunday street cars. The proposition was defeated and people who are not able to keep a carriage or at least to hire a hack must stay at home on Sunday or else walk. THAT clerical mountebank, " Father" McGlynn, has at last been permitted to " say " low mass, at which his Protestant (?) admirers are highly elated, forgetting that the sacrifice of the mass is abominable idolatry. McGlynn is and always has been a Romanist, and some of his utter-ances show him to be a very silly one at that. THE Union Signal says of the meeting of the World's Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union to take place in Chi-cago in October, " May we come up to this city of seven thousand saloons on the 16th of October, trusting as of old in the God of Jacob ! " All good people will cer-tainly wish that it might be even so, but the events of the past five years have not been such as to inspire confidence that such will be the case. The trust of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union has for some years been not in the God of Jacob, but in human governments. THOSE Protestants who have been indul-ging a hope that Roman. Catholics in the United States were about to become hope-lessly divided over the school question, and the Corrigan-Satolli imbroglio would better learn to depend on correct princi-ples rather than on factional disputes among their enemies. The monsignor and archbishop have settled their differ-ences, and the worm that was to have eaten the Romish gourd in the United States is dead. Rome is fast sapping the bulwarks of American liberty, and thou-sands of so-called Protestants, "degen-erate sons of noble fathers," are giving her active aid and sympathy. THE Ministerial Alliance of Denver re-cently prepared a memorial to be sent to the President asking that he fix a day for national prayer and fasting. The address refers to the existing financial distress and the great legalized sins of the Nation, and petitions the President to set aside a day when the people shall gather in their ac-customed places of worship and pray that the Nation may be rightly guided in its present sore distress. Commenting upon this fact the Catholic Review says :Š That is always the way with the ministersŠlook-ing to the State to do the work of the Church. Let them appoint a day themselves for ecclesiastical  observance and request all other congregations to do the same. The President has enough to do to fulfill the duties of his secular office without med-dling in the religious matters of prayer and fasting by the people. What the Review says is true enough, but it comes with poor grace from such a source. FELIX R. BRUNOT, President of the National Reform Association, has issued a call for " a national gathering of the friends of the Christian Sabbath and all other Christian features of our national life, with a view to secure for them abid-ing and authoritative expression in fun-damental law," to be held in the First United Presbyterian Church, Union Ave., in the City of Allegheny, Pa., November 14, 15 and 16, 1893. The first meeting will be at 7: 30 o'clock, P. M., November 14. Mr. Brunot says:Š The whole country has been stirred by the struggle for the S-`thath. And now that the vic-tory has been won, let the fruits be secured. Let the Christian Sabbath sentiment of the United States be crystallized in some appropriate and per-manent national and legal form. It is thus evident that the success of the National Reformers in securing con-gressional recognition of Sunday only encourages them to demand still greater things. The conflict has only begun. SPEAKING of the World's Congress of Religions to be held in Chicago, Septem-ber 11-27, the New York Observer says: " The discussions will be friendly, not controversial." But to the Catholics has been assigned the first place. The address of welcome will be delivered by Most Rev. P. A. Feehan, D.D., Archbishop of Chicago, and to this there will be a response by Right Rev. Mgr. Gadd, Vicar General, Manchester, England, and His Eminence Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, Australia. These men will laud " the church " to the skies, and as there is to be no controversy, the speakers who come after them must either give silent consent or else lay themselves open to the charge of making an unseemly attack on " brethren." Rome is certain to get more out of this monstrous humbug parliament than all other denominations combined. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to (lye address, per, 'year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " - - - 80c 46 100 to 249 " " " " 6C - - 75c CC 250 to 499 " " " " Ni - - - 70c 66 500 to 999 " " " " 64 - - 65c " 1000 or more .i ft 46 " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bona Street, New York City. 