THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 117 ernment and to introduce a State religion. Every time such attempts have been suc-cessfully defeated. But the enemy of lib-erty does not slumber, and continues to work zealously for the promotion of its mischievous plans. Three religious bills are now before CongressŠthe Blair Sun-day-rest bill, the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, and the Blair Educational amendment, which pro-vides for the teaching of the principles of Christianity in the public schools. The National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, an organization consisting of men of all denoniinations who are friends of relig-iouS liberty, is circulating a petition and is nO* :represented at Washington by men whose duty it is to oppose the three re-ligibus bills above mentioned. It is the dutY'of every just and liberty-loving man to add strength to this movement. It is most eminently the duty and in the in-terest of the Jews to do all that is in their power to save the secular features of our Government and to keep the Constitution free, from the embarrassment of religious intolerance. The petition will be circulated among our Jewish fellow-citizens, and the Tid-ings hopes all will sign it.ŠJewish Tid-ings. Sunday Laws for the Capital of our Country. THE American Sabbath Union, an eccle-siastical-political organization, has taken upon itself to make the city of Washing-ton, or rather the District of Columbia, happy by the adoption of a rigid Sunday law. A member of Congress, Mr. Breck-inridge, from the State of Kentucky, has brought in a bill in which it is expressly said that it shall be illegal for all people to do any secular labor or business on Sunday. Only those persons are excepted who conscientiously, and from religious conviction, keep another than the first day of the week. The title of the bill is " A bill to prevent persons being forced to labor on Sunday." The movement is not altogether new; a bill was brought before the last Con-gress, but it was strongly attacked by Seventh-day Adventists and Baptists, and therefore this second bill with the exemp-tion ' clause, which is intended to satisfy the 'opponents, was brought in. All Sunday laws, as they have been enacted so far in twenty-eight States of our Union, rest on the principle of legal religious views ; but if a State, through its representatives in legislation, lays down such measures, it concerns the State only, while in case of legislation of Congress such measure does not only extend over the District of Columbia, but, as a national law; concerns all Territories, and must be acknowledged as a legal measure there. For this reason the Prohibitionists have tried to have a law passed by Congress  which prohibits the manufacture and sale of all liquor, because they knew that by this the same law would become binding in the Territories of the country. A few weeks ago, a convention of the American Sabbath Union was held here, to induce the public to sign the petition to Congress, and make general propaganda for their movement. The sessions were held in a Methodist Church ; the manage-ment was in the hands of ministers. Every session was opened by prayer and Scripture reading, and closed with a benediction by one of the ministers. The delegates of the General SynodŠDr. Butler, from Wash-ington, and Rev. Sylvanus Stall, from Bal-timoreŠwere appointed as speakers to work for the cause. So the Lutheran Church did not fail to send represent-atives, in this legalistic-ecclesiastic-political movement for a Sunday law. Without regard to the deception which is on the face of it, if we compare the title with the wording of the bill, an Evangelical Lu-theran Christian cannot lend his hand to such a mixing of secular and spiritual power. I, as representative of the General Coun-cil, attended the first evening session of that convention, that I might hear what should be brought up. And I must say that what was said in favor of the conse-cration of Sunday was right and good, if they would only rest satisfied with such instruction and admonition; but the main purpose was this : to carry the bill, and induce the legislative body in the capitol to pass it; that is, the Church, through its representatives, demands a law from the secular Government which shall bind the conscience; and therein a blind man must see a union of Church and State. As I spoke to Rev. Crafts, the secretary of the Sabbath Union, after the close of the session, and gave him my reasons why I could not join such a movement, and also requested time to express my reasons pub-licly in the convention, that the other side might be heard there, this gentleman, who who had himself invited me, gave me the following answer: "You are the first Evangelical Lutheran minister whom I have met who is against us." I expressed my regret. He pointed to Butler and Stall, who belonged to the Lutheran Church. Further, this gentleman remarked: "This is no debating club ; we cannot let our op-ponents come in here, that is, Jews, Infi-dels, Seventh-day Adventists, and Bap-tists." Whereupon I answered that I be-longed to none of these classes of people. "Well," he concluded, "you are entitled to your opinion, for this is a free country." "Just for this reason, Mr. Crafts," I an-swered, "I was convinced that to me, being a minister, the opportunity would be given to express myself ; but I find that the lib-erty of this country is usurped by your Sabbath association." One thing I was glad to see in this gentleman. He confessed to believing in  the Galesburg rule, in the following words : " You would not allow me to preach from your pulpit ?" Whereupon I answered emphatically, " No, sir ; certainly not." " Well, I do not allow you to defend your doctrine from my pulpit." But in this way these gentlemen strike themselves in the face. They speak loudly about it,Šthat it is no religious movement, and rep-resents no ecclesiastical principles,Šand yet they make that a rule which belongs in the realm of ecclesiastical doctrine and spiritual life only. I hope that the members of this Con-gress will have more sound common sense than to pass such a law, which sails under false colors, and lay down a legal meas-ure which is fully and entirely against the liberty of conscience secured in this coun-try. Ministers who work for such laws testify most strongly to their poverty; in fact, such say thereby, The Gospel has lost its pow er ; help us through the secular law. J. MULLER, Evangelical Lutheran Pastor, in Herold and Zeitschrift of Feb. 15, 1890. Washington, D. C. Ł -0- Mr. Comegys is Right. THE question of religion and the State is having quite a lively discussion in this State. In a discussion between Mr. W. G. Gilstrap and Hon. George Comegys, the former rails against the latter because he is opposed to religious exercises in the Legislature and public schools. He fur-ther says that Comegys has "cast a slur on the refinement and intelligence of Washington." And in order to eradicate the terrible influence this slur has caused, he continues by saying, "To-day, upon the ruins of a crude, wild western frontierism stands a new-born State." Inferring that, there-fore, it is right and proper to establish religious exercises in the affairs of the State. As a good reason for such an establish-ment, he asserts that this is a Christian Nation. Hon. George Comegys answers him very aptly, in the following words The assertion is made that this is a Christian Nation. If by that phrase is meant that ours is a Christian Government I take issue at once. The Government of the United States is a civil Government, purely secular in its nature, looking after the civil rights of its citizens, and having no concern about their, religious or spiritual affairs. This proposition is distinctly set out in a treaty made by this Government and Tripoli in 1789, during the administration of the "father of his country." We search in vain for any intimation that this is a Christian Government, in the organic law of the land, either national or State. Mr. Gilstrap says the President takes the oath of office with his hand on the Bible. There is no law requiring or forbid-ding the use of the Bible or any other book in taking the oath of office. Our law requires that form of oath most binding on the conscience of the person sworn. The Chinese are sworn sometimes in this country by the decapitation of a rooster and the sprinkling of blood, that being the time-honored Confucian method of binding the pigtail conscience of Ah Sin, but it has never been suggested that by reason of that the Court was committed to the verity of that heathen rite. S. H. CARNAHAN. Walla Walla, Washington. 