"2 THE ..ANIERItc)A:N SEN'riNnid, And in England the state of things is no bet-ter. Under a liberal system, Ritualism, or Catholicism, as it is hr fact, increases in the church, undermining it in every quarter, and open infidelity is, taught by ministers of the established church. When this triumph of the Papacy in'Prus-- sia became a matter of public notoriety, the papers of the State church called upon the Government for a more liberal outlay of money, and more generous and vigorous efforts to build up the church in the realin, without which it must suffer from the aggressions of the. Papal power: But a dissenting paper very aptly said that right there was the foundation of the whole difficulty. They have delegated the work of the church to the State, and instead of doing evangelistic work, they have depended on the money and fostering care of the State, until the church has lost its' vital power, and the people are left open to the assaults of the Papacy, which knows so well how to make itself popular with those who have been brought up to a belief in a National. Religion. It has yet to be seen whether it is possible to retain vitality and a spirit of evangelizing in a church which is allied to the State, and depends oh its patronage and support. Such a thing has never yet been known. Certainly the present condition of things in the nations of Europe is not flattering to the hopes of those who expect good to come out of such a coalition. The advocates of National Religion may re-ply that this is the result of too, much leni-ency ; that the only safe and consistent course is to prevent contrary religions from spread-ing and gathering strength in the land. In this reply we find a vindication 'of the course of the Czar of Russia. All National Religionists in America, who plead the necessity of suppress-ing dissenting religions by State authority, take sides with the Czar of Russia. The logic of his actions is the logic of their arguments. And the increasing influence of the National Reform AssociationŠthe increasing demand for a legal religion in AmericaŠproves what I said in the beginning, that the Czar in sup-, pressing the preaching of a free gospel in Russia; is not as far behind the spirit of the age as many suppose. No dissenter can be a good citizen of Rus-sia; no dissenter will be considered a "bona fide citizen' of the United States, if National Religion ever becomes an established fact. They who plead for it are not blind to the re-sultsŠthey plainly declare that all who' will not consent to the-established religion will be disfranchised. Another logical result of such a procedure is also shown. It is evident that A dissenter in Russia is held to be a despiser of civil authority. Even so, if National Religion ever obtains in the United States, a neglect to ob-serve the usages of the established religion will not be held an offense against religion; it,  will be an offense against the State. Punish-ment for failure to observe the institutions of Christianity, or what they may call such institutions, will not be religious persecu-tion, it will be punisbmen for disregarding  civil authority--for violating the laws of the State. True, the laws of the church, or of religion, and the laws of the State will be iden-tical; the laws of religion will become the laws of the State. But violation of those laws will not be punished as violations of religious laws, but as State laws! "Here is wisdom." Dissenters will not be church culprits; they will be rebels and traitors. The old story will be repeated; heresy will be the highest crime Šbut always against the State. And why not? Spiritual laws are the high-est; church relations are the most important. Religious laws, on becoming State laws, are doubly important. The violator of such laws is a greater criminal than the violator of a Merely civil law, and his punishment should be greater. But it must always be borne in mind that he is punished for their violation only as State laws. Religion is not a factor in the article of punishment. Such was the logic of Romanism. And al-ready this logic is adopted in America by statesmen and religious papers of high and commanding influence. When men are pun-ished for dissenting from religious tenets, which are in contradiction of their own faith, they are not then to be considered =religious tenetsŠthey suddenly .become "police regu-lations." Let the American people calmly regard this picture, in the light of history, of the action of Russia, and of passing events in the United States. National Reformers may still deny that their movement tends to a union of Church and State. Their denial is no better than a studied deception. Let them call it what they will; the fact remains that in its re-sults it is exactly in harmony with the pres-ent action of Russia in' shutting out a free gospel from her dominions. And what further witness can anyone ask than their indorse-ment of the Roman Catholic Church as the advocate and exponent of National Religion? Deny as, much as they will, dissemble as they may, just such a National Religion as the Cath-olic Church upheld in the days of her power, and which she still advocates, is just the form of National Religion for which they plead. Are the American people ready to accept their plea? Are they willing to have religion established on such a basis? To every lover of American liberty, of the sacred privileges granted under her benign Constitution, the-AMERICAN SENTINEL must be an acceptable messenger of good-will. May it,  ever prove a faithful sentinel, and may its faithful warnings be heeded by every lover of his country. J. H. W. Basel, Switzerland. -I, Ł 4- As American citizens, we hold to the Ameri-can doctrine that human government relates solely to external affairs, and does not reach, and is not intended to control, our spiritual relations. Civil government covers the rela-tions of citizens to each other, and to the State. Divine government concerns our re-lations, both individually and collectively, to the Supreme Being, and does not come un-der the control of State enactments. The only office of civil government relating theretal is to. "hold its hands off."--,-Selected, A "Godless" School. THE following ringing sentences are from the New York Observer, and although Father McTighe is said to have abandoned his at-tempt, at least for the present, this is a sound opinion upon the merits of the case:Š " Pittsburg presents the climax of Roman Catholic arrogance in destroying or capturing our public schools. Father McTighe of St. Michael's Church, has actually succeeded:in having himself appointed principal of the Thirty-third Ward public school in that city. This is the very consummation of unprincipled audacity. Having denounced the schools offi-cially everywhere as immoral and godless,' a priest, sanctioned by his superiors, takes pos-session and pretends to administer an im-moral, godless' school. Either he intends se-cretly to make it Romanist, or else he attempts to do precisely what Protestants wish, and therefore stultifies himself and his church as haters of our public schools. It is believed that he intends to keep what he,and his church call a godless' school during the regular school hours, and then retain all those who will stay, for the purpose of giving them religious teach-ing in other hours. It is, said that the nuns are to be employed as teachers. Such an illustration as this of the purpose and spirit of Romanists ought to rouse the nation. They ought to be taught a lesson now which will need no repetition. Our people will not tol-erate this trifling with the very first principles of our polity, namely, that the State shall not' in any way whatever engage in sectarian ed-ucation, sectarian benevolence, or sectarian enterprises of any kind whatever. It is a dis-grace to the civilization of any neighborhood, when it permits, for the sake of conciliating the enemies of the public schools, these gross violations of both the letter and spirit of our laws." But if this "be the very consummation of unprincipled audacity," what shall be thought and said of the National Reform Association, which proposes to give the Catholic Church authority by law to do this same thing, or worse, in all places in the United States where the Catholics are in the majority? If this action of a single priest in Pittsburg ought to rouse the Nation, what ought the action of Herrick Johnson, Joseph Cook, and nearly a hundred other Protestant (?) preachers, under the lead of Secretary T. P. Stevenson, of the National Reform Association, in Saratoga last August, to do? That action was to adopt a,  motion requesting the National Reform Asso-ciation to bring to the attention of "Roman Catholic authorities " a scheme of religious exercises, worship, and instruction, in the pub-lic schools throughout the Nation, "with a view of securing; if possible, a basis of agreement" between Catholics and Protestants, whereby the Catholic Bible, Catholic worship, and Catholic instruction, shall be established in the public 'schools, wherever the Catholics may be in the majority, provided the Catho-lics will help these Protestants to secure a like power for themselves wherever the Protestants may be in the majority. In the Thirty-third Ward in Pittsburg the Catholics are in the majority; Father McTighe became principal, and his nuns teachers in the public school of that ward; had they re-mained they would" have used the Catholic Bible, would have .conducted Catholic wor, 