104 AIVIIH2a1L-LICA.N SIEdiVirlINEJLto VOL. 8. No. 13. NEW YORK, MARCH 30, 1893. 1W.' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except ..;:y special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered :he SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. L. H. CRISLER, the Seventh-day Ad-ventist minister, whose case was men-tioned in these columns last week, writes us that he was brutally assaulted and considerably hurt on the night of the 18th inst., owing to religious bigotry and intolerance. His only offense was preach-ing doctrines contrary to the faith of the majority in the neighborhood. We have not been favored with the particulars of the assault. WE publish on another page a com-munication to the Paris, Tenn., Post-Intelligencer by one of the persecuted Ad-ventists. It is a manly and straightfor-ward defense against the bitter attacks made upon the Adventists by the Intel-ligencer some weeks ago, and republished in these columns as illustrative of the bitter spirit of the Tennessee Inquisition. In the same paper from which this let-ter is taken is a weak attempt to reply to it. The editor has since discovered a bet-ter way; his columns are too crowded (?) to admit of his publishing anything more from the Adventists. He has room, how-ever, for frequent attacks upon them. If the persecution is not carried on as of yore it will not be the fault of the editor of the Post-Intelligencer. THE Post-Intelligences insists that the prosecution of the Adventists is not reli-gious persecution; and in a recent frantic effort to prove that it is not, said :Š As evidence that these people are not discrimi-nated against and singled out for prosecution, six of the indictments before the present session of the court were against employees of the P. T. & A. R. R. Co. This is certainly a fact. The six in-dictments referred to were found simply as evidence that the Adventists were not discriminated against. But the Advent- ists have been discriminated against, and their prosecution is persecution, all denials to the contrary notwithstanding. Nor are the Adventists alone in taking this view of the matter. A number of papers in that State have denounced the prose-cutions as persecution; and Ex-Governor Porter, probably the most popular and in-fluential man in Henry County, said in a published interview :Š I believe that the action of our courts with refer-erence to this question of compulsory Sunday idle-ness has hitherto been in contravention of the principles of American liberty, as well as contrary to the express provision of the constitution of our  State, according to my construction of it, in regard to religious equality. The Post-Intelligencer should convince the leading men in Henry County, includ-ing Ex-Governor Porter, that there has been no religious persecution there under the color and forms of civil law, before it loses its temper about what others say of the iniquity that has been perpetuated in the name of justice. Some degenerate sons of noble fathers there doubtless are in Tennessee who, using religion as a cloak, are willing also to use the civil law to stifle conviction and bind the consciences of their fellow-men, and failing in this, to fine and imprison them, but the constitutional provision that "no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience," shows that the peo-ple of that State not only love liberty for themselves but that they are willing that others should enjoy it also. Persecutors and justifiers of persecution there are in Tennessee, but there are also noble men there, men whose voices will be heard in defense of the rights of conscience, whether the Post-Intelligencer likes it or not. The Adventists have right and justice on their side, and their complete vindication is only a question of time. Vincit omnia veritas. A DISPATCH from Norfolk, Va., under date of March 19, says:Š For the first time in many years the Sunday laws were enforced to day. Steamers arriving at their wharves were not allowed to discharge their car-goes, and when the stevedores at the Clyde line wharf started to work they were arrested. Several telegraph linemen were also arrested for working on broken wires. Every saloon was closed. To-day's enforcement of the law was the result of the war which the newspapers have been making on the Police Commissioners and Chief of Police. No one who has watched the progress of the Sunday agitation for the past five years can fail to see in it a most ominous sign of the times. The Sunday is evi-dently the connecting link between Church and State in America just as it was in Rome in the fourth century. JOHN WESLEY has been dragged from his grave in the interests of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and is made to rehearse the same old argument, namely, that an open Fair would keep people from church. It seems that in 1782 Wesley wrote a letter to a nobleman urging him to oppose a bill " designed to embody the militia, and exercise them on Sunday," from which letter a correspon-dent of the Christian Advocate, of this city, quotes, with much more, the follow-ing :Š We have little religion in the land now, but by this step we shall have less still; for wherever this pretty show is to be seen, the people will flock to-gether, and will lounge away so much time before and after it that the churches will be emptier than they are already. The bishops used the same argument in  the fourth century for the closing of the theaters; the people, said they, would resort to the shows rather than to the churches. What they said was doubtless true; but if the Government may properly take cognizance of such questions, why may it not go just a step further in the same direction and require the people to go to church ? EVERY Sunday law, every legislative enactment concerning religion should be promptly wiped from the statute book in every State from Maine to California. To bring up a question of religion in any legislature should be considered treason. The great safe-guard of American liberty must be a total and perpetual separation of Church and State; any other policy will bring disaster to this republic. The Seventh-day Adventist persecution is an entering wedge and a solemn warning to Americans. Š The Jury. Amen.ŠSilver Creek (Neb.) Times. EVERY lover of a good garden should have a copy of " Vick's Floral Guide" for 1893. The Vicks have always taken the lead in the matter of seed catalogues, but this year they have outdone them-selves and have produced a catalogue which surpasses all former ones; which is saying a good deal, for each year " Vick's Floral Guide" has been a thing of beauty, and a real joy to thousands. "Vick's Floral Guide" for 1893, known as "The Poets' Number," contains colored plates of Alpine Aster, Begonia, Dahlias, Can-pas, Clematis, Dutchman's Pipe, Pansies, Corn and Potatoes. Descriptions and prices of the very best flowers and vege-tables and many novelties. Hundreds of beautiful and appropriate quotations from the best authors give it its name, " The Poets' Number." Be sure to send ten cents to James Vick's Sons, Rochester, N. Y., for a copy of this " Guide." You can deduct the ten cents from the amount of your Ł first order for seeds, so the " Guide " will cost you nothing. Vick's seeds are always good. Do not buy in-ferior seeds at some store, but order from Vick. There is no time to lose; send at once for the " Guide " and then for the seeds. " THE Quarterly Register of Current History" has just completed its second year, the March number being Vol. II. No. 4. This publication is just what its name indicates, and for those who desire to preserve a record of passing events without keeping cumbersome files of daily papers, it is invaluable. If you have not seen " Current History" send fifty cents to the publishers, Detroit, Mich., for a sample copy. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per wear, 6e 25 to99 " " " " - 80c.  100 to 249 " " " " 250 to 499  it 500 to 999 it Et lt tt 46 1000 or more <, 66 - - 75c. - - - 70c. - - 65c. - - 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 