120 THE .A.NIERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 15. ;Fir AneFical2  ger2ti71. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, . May 1, 1889. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. IT was announced, at the time the SENTINEL was changed to a weekly, that this volume would consist of forty-eight numbers. In order to make the volume end with the year, a paper must be omitted twice before the close of the year, and the first of these omissions will be next week. A BAPTIST clergyman in the East, in writing to renew his subscription for the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, says: "I most heartily commend the stand you have taken with reference to National Reform and Sunday legislation. You are right." He shows his appreciation in a practical way, too, by sending five dollars, with directions that the re-mainder, after paying for SENTINEL subscription, "Civil Government and Religion," and Sentinel Library, be used to extend the circulation of the paper. Tim second section of the proposed Arkansas Sunday law reads as follows: "Every appren-tice or servant compelled to labor on Sunday shall be deemed a separate offense of the mas-ter." This seems rather hard on both servants and masters. Why the servant should be deemed an offense of the master, is not clear to our mind. If it means that the master is to be held accountable, why should the servant be deemed an offense at all? Is this action simply a covert way of declaring that servants are a nuisance? We give it up; but it is evident that the man who supports only a small establishment cannot have so many offenses as the one who has a large household. We have heard that there are. some ministers in the Arkansas Legis-lature, but is there not a school-teacher among the lot? It is evident that it doesn't need a very high grade of intelligence to make a law good enough to persecute by. / IN the Christian Statesman of April 4, the Rev. J. M. Foster has a report, in which he says: "Everything that can be said in favor of the Sun-day paper may be urged in behalf of an open sa-loon. And until the church is ready to banish the Sunday paper she cannot close the saloon. The men who issue the Sunday paper, like the men who open the saloon, are fugitives from jus-tice. They ought to be in the penitentiary, for they are law breakers." We have not yet heard of any newspaper proprietor who was a fugitive from justice. But passing by that rhetorical flourish, look at the position which Mr. Foster takes. It is no worse in his eyes to run a saloon on Sunday than to run a newspaper. Thus, just as we have often claimed, Sunday legislation is anti-temperance legislation. The saloon and the newspaper are placed by it on the same level. If it is, just as bad to print a newspaper on Sunday as it is to open a saloon on that day, then it must be just as correct to run a saloon on Mon-day as it is to issue a newspaper on that day. We repeat it : Sunday laws are laws to make legiti-mate the selling of whisky. A DISPATCH from Washington, dated April 10, says : "There has been so much agitation of the proposition to abolish Sunday dress parades in the army that before action is taken upon it by Pres-ident Harrison it will be made a subject of dis-cussion by the Cabinet. Secretary Proctor sev-eral days ago recommended to the President that Sunday dress parades be abolished, but so many army officers entered objections that the order was not acted upon immediately, and is now to receive Cabinet consideration." Thus the Sun-day-law advocates meet with another rebuff in their efforts to inflict strict Sunday observance upon the people. They claim to be laboring in behalf of the workingmen, but the workingmen protest ; then they want to help the poor soldier, but the soldier insists that he doesn't need any such help. The Sunday-law people will soon be obliged to throw off the mask, and declare plainly that they want the Sunday strictly observed sim-ply because it suits their notions, and if the work-ing-people don't want it they must yield anyway. II-4.  THE Williamston, Mich., Enterprise prints an article on the Blair bill which closes up with the following pertinent comment and anecdote:Š "All efforts to make mankind religious, or even moral, on the theory that by removing the oppor-tunity you cure the desire, have been failures, flat failures. No man made good by law, by lack of opportunity, has any manhood worth the name, and the effort to accomplish such a result reminds me of the story of Elder Knapp's convert. Elder Knapp was a very successful revivalist, and on one occasion he was walking along the street of a city when he was accosted by a drunken man, who clasped his hand warmly, saying, Why, how do you do, Elder Knapp?' The Elder, in surprise that a stranger, more especially one maudlin with liquor, should speak to him, drew back, saying, I don't know you, sir.' What, not know me, Elder? Why, you converted me last winter,' said the man. The Elder buttoned his coat closely, starting on with the remark, You look like one of my poor human jobs. The Almighty didn't have any hand in it.' So any man made good or relig-ious by force of law, hasn't got any depth of root on which to develop a crop worth harvesting." The State for the Church. AT the Ohio Sabbath Convention, the Rev. James Brand, D. D., read a paper entitled, " To What Extent are the Christians of Ohio Respon-sible for Existing Sabbath Desecration?" Of this paper the Rev. J. M. Foster, in his report in the Christian Statesman of March 7, gives the following summary :Š "He arraigned the church for conniving at Sabbath desecration on the part of her members. They buy and read the Sunday newspaper. They are drivers and conductors on street-cars. They are stockhold-ers in Sabbath-breaking corporations, and they make their purchases at the grocery on the Sabbath. There is no difference between this and any other kind of secular employment. It is a breach of the fourth commandment. The church should discipline her members for these breaches of God's law. Until the church is willing to keep the law herself, she cannot have power in the world." This last statement is very true. When the church does not live up to her own profession she loses power ; and it is only when she thus loses power that she asks the civil authorities to re-in-force her waning strength. Whenever the church asks the State to come to her aid, it is a confes-sion that the power of godliness has gone or is fast going from her, and that only the form re-mains. And this brings us to the main thought sug- gested by the paragraph just quoted, and that is, that when the church asks the State to legislate in behalf of Sunday, it asks the State to do its work for it. Dr. Brand admits that church mem-bers are primarily responsible for the great amount of Sunday desecration, and yet asks the State to put a stop to it. He says that church members are engaged in all sorts of business on Sunday, and that it is the duty of the church to discipline those members; and therefore when Sunday laws are asked for, to stop those persons from doing Sunday work, the State is simply asked to enforce church discipline. Let anyone deny it who can. This is exactly in harmony with the idea put forth by Mr. Foster in 1884, that "the State and its sphere exist for the sake of, and to serve the interests of, the church." And this shows that the sum and substance of so-called National Reform work is the enactment and en-forcement of Sunday laws. When they have been secured, then the church will without doubt have other work for the State to do, namely, to see that all the people attend church. It will surely follow. THE American Sabbath Union publishes each month a small tract in the interest of Sun-day legislation. The January " Document " con- - tains brief extracts from the hearing before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, and the March " Document " refers to this in these words :Š " The January " Document " of the American Sab-bath Union shows that both Professor Jones [A. T. J.] and Dr. Lewis, and also the champions of the Jews and infidels, admit all that the friends of the Sunday-Rest law generally claimŠthe right of the Government to make Sunday laws for the public good; denying what the friends of the Sunday-Rest bill also deny, that the Government should compel a religious observance of the day." We wish to say that so far as the above relates to A. T. Jones, it is absolutely false, as anybody can see who reads the report of the hearing before the Senate Committee, and as all readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL can testify. The editors of the SENTINEL have always opposed Sunday laws, no matter what pretext was given for their passage, and have denied the right of the State to say when men shall rest. We protest against this unfair attempt to make it appear that there is no point in any of the opposition to the schemes of political ecclesiastics. Notice to Subscribers. A FEW hundred subscriptions expire with this issue of the SENTINEL. Please examine the address label on your paper this week and see if your time is out or will expire soon. Our terms are cash in advance, so please renew at once and thus avoid missing any numbers. Price, $1.00 per year, or if you send us five subscriptions at $1.00 each, we will send you the weekly AMERICAN SENTINEL one year free. The time of those who subscribed for the monthly paper, and whose date on the address label reads June, 89, expires with the weekly issue of March 27; those of July, 89, with weekly issue of April 10 ; those of August, 89, with April 24; of September, on May 8; of October, on May 22 ; of November, on June 5 ; and of December, on June 28. This closes up all the old monthly date. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy., Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per, year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 