318 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MAY 18, 1899. THERE is a revival of Sunday-law enforcement in Georgia, and bills for a similar purpose are before the leg-islatures of Rhode Island and Michi-gan. This does not mean that the spirit of religious intolerance is dy-in out. Jt IN Rhode Island the promoters of Sunday observance by law purpose to make any person who works on Sunday contrary to the manner -which they prescribe, liable to a fine of $50, and some liable to a fine of $500. See article on page 312. wit I3EFORE the next issue of this paper Teaches its readers, we shall proba-bly know the result in the case of the trial of Mr. A. J. Waters for Sun-day work, at Gainesville, Ga., which is set for the 15th inst. The Georgia Sunday law has a very severe pen-alty, and the developments in the case are likely to be interesting. , An official of the Religious Liberty Asso-ciation will be in attendance. THE fight against Sunday papers in London is being kept up,but with-out apparent hope of success. To a deputation which recently waited on the Home Secretary, Sir Matthew Ridley, to protest against Sunday papers, the secretary replied that he was "afraid the government could do nothing in the premises," though he was personally in sympathy with their petition. THERE is a scheme on foot in Italy which may result in the realization, on a small scale, of the papal dream of a restoration of the "temporal supremacy." The Vatican, as is well known, is the enemy of the Italian government, because the latter stands' directly in the way of the  pope's temporal sovereignty. Its opposition to the Italian govern-ment is determined and active. It is now reported that the Vatican would cease this opposition if it could se-cure a small strip of territory on the north bank of the Tiber, and extend-ing to the sea at Civita Vecchia, as an independent state. This would of course include the Vatican. It would be a small kingdom, truly; but abundantly large enough to se-cure the recognition of the pope as a temporal sovereign, and thus of a principle which to the papacy is of vital importance. A big principle may be obtained in a very small thing. THE Arkansas legislature has per-formed a commendable act in pass-ing a law which imposes a fine of from $25 to $50 upon any person who is found guilty of killing birds for use in millinery and like purposes, or who shall wear the feathers of birds so killed, or shall expose such feathers or skins of birds for sale. A FRIEND of religious freedom who was present at a hearing given re-cently on the Sunday bill pending in the Michigan legislature, speaks of it as follows:Š "If you could have been with me last Tuesday evening at the 'hearing' in the House of Representatives on the Sunday-closing bill, and have seen how the truth of God, his law, and the principles of freedom, justice and liberty were trampled under foot; and have noted the spirit of some of those who urged the passage of the bill, I believe you would have realized that it is time to pray: 'It is time for thee, Lord, to work; for they have made void thy law.' "It was stated by a presiding elder of the Methodist Church that every member of his church- would favor the passage of that bill, unless he was utterly false to the vows he had taken. That means that unless a Methodist favors religious legisla-tion he will be regarded as fallen from grace. The same minister stated that the most of the Roman-ists were in favor of the bill. Thus Protestants are reaching hands across the gull. "One Detroit minister urged that the representatives should not ques- tion as to whether, the law would be constitutional or not. The bill will no doubt be brought before the House." _ "WHY is it that those who 'would scorn to enslave a country or a race,' have, only scorn for those instru-ments which declare that no country or race should be enslaved?" This pertinent question is asked in the ar-ticle, "The Constitution of American Imperialism," page 306. Read it. SPAIN is making haste to acquire a new navy, and provide fortifications along her coasts. She has shown herself a weak nation, and it may be is bearing in mind that such a show-ing is accounted a crime by the great powers, to be atoned for only by the surrender of territory. ROMAN CATHOLIC journals report that the pope has authorized the archbishop of New York to open ne-gotiations with the Government for the disposition of Catholic Church property in the islands taken from Spain; that the well-known politi-cian, Bourke Cochran, will be attor-ney for the church in the negotia-tions, and that he has gone to Rome to consult with the papal authori-ties. A CATHOLIC exchange says that "Public conscience, so much prated, is a figment of the imagination. It is a pretty sentiment swallowed by the unthinking many." Thepapacy has existed for centuries and is thor-oughly acquainted with the nature and value of public sentiment; and when a papal organ speaks thus of the "public conscience," there is every reason for believing that it tells the truth. Every individual must rely on his own conscience, guided by the higher light of inspiration. He must say, as _did Luther before the emperor and cardinals, "It is neither safe nor right to do anything contrary to conscience"Šnot the conscience of other people, but his own. 