AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 655 The War of Principle.ŠNo. 4. "Tan persecution of Christians," said Cecil, "might all have been allayed, if the Christians had been willing to lay aside certain prejudices to which they clung with stubborn tenacity. They knew it was a part of Roman law not to permit the introduction of new deities. (It would seem they had enough gods and godesses.) Yet the Christians went into Rome to preach a religion that could not in any way harmonize with theirs; but rather would work its destruction. It was not strange that they were cast into prison, and given to torture and death. But the most unaccountable part of it is, that when they were offered freedom by the doing of some trivial act of outward compliance, such as casting in-cense to the gods, they stubbornly refused, and preferred death to life and liberty." "Certainly," said Aleck "I understand that. Had they cast incense to the gods they would have denied the God of heaven, and given up the controversy. A similar .act of outward compliance to law was demanded of the three Hebrews who went into the fiery furnace. Daniel, too, might have saved himself from the lions' den by praying silently as he walked the streets. And even later the martyrs, burned at the stake, might have bowed to the crucifix as a sign of recantation. The fact is, Cecil, government has no right at all to intermeddle with reli-gion, or to prescribe its outward forms. Had the world heeded the principle announced by the founder of Chris-tianity, and rendered to God what was God's, and to Ceesar what was Caesar's, no persecution would have been permissible." "But, Aleck, Christianity came too late with this an-nouncement. Church and state government was the government of Rome, and it ruled the world when Christ came. The announcement of his principle would mean only revolution from the start." "True, Cecil. The god of this world had everything arranged in such a way as to hinder God's work in the earth. But the mission of Christians in the world was to proclaim liberty. They were all in the world to point out the legitimate orbits in which state and church should move. The state was out of its orbit in seeking to control faith and enforce religion. The church was out of her place in accepting the aid of the state in any way. Christians declared that Rome had no business -to dictate what men should believe or how they should  worship. Rome never had a right to make such a law as you have quoted about bringing in new gods; for it took away a man's right of private judgment. A man is not a child, nor is a government a father. Govern-mental paternalism is unendurable. God has made us free and equal, and to man we only owe those duties that pertain to civility. "You have said that the persecution of Christians was simply the just reward of non-conformity to law. I would like to ask you, what good followed the enforce ment of these laws? What!purpose did the laws serve? You have already acknowledged that Christians would die rather than obey them. But the Christians were the best citizens and most upright characters. Then these laws served one purpose onlyŠthey rid the government of its best society." "Why didn't they get the laws repealed then?" asked Cecil. "Why are we not afflicted with these very laws to-day?" "Oh, I suppose it is because circumstances have al-tered, or because our customs have changed." "No, my friend; it is because the blood, torture, hor-ror of those dark days have made us alive to the danger of such laws. We have some of them still on our statute books. They are dead just now; but they are like snakes that lie torpid. At any time malignity, sufficiently rein-forced, may call them into activity. You here advocated principles which, should they be set in operation, would not only shut off advancement, but would also bring back those dark days upon us. Suppose you yourself should be found out of harmony with some viper-like law, would you suffer until it was repealed, or like some cowardly soul, weakly compromise, so that if it ever were repealed, it would needs be through some more heroic sufferer?" "Aleck, I would try to do what was right." "Of ,course, you would, my friend. If you did not, you would betray your own manhood, as well as fasten the shackles on others. I know you honor those who were willing to face death rather than perjure themselves or act hypocritically. Those who lit up Nero's gardens, here also illuminated the dim vistas of history." "And yet, Aleck, there are many things that look puzzling. The Christians certainly gave men an oppor-tunity to think them fanatical and even dangerous. They vowed they would have nothing to do with the gods of Rome and of the world. They rejected with con-tempt the superstitions of the Roman family, city, and province, and it was far harder to understand the Chris- tian than it is to-day." "The real Christian is always an enigma to the world, Cecil." "Well, yes, I suppose so. But he need not be a men- ace to civil institutions." "No, indeed. But Aleck, some things are called civil that are not civil. There is no such a thing as a civil Sabbath, or a civil baptism, or a civil Lord's supper, or 