AMERICAN SENTINEL. 651 Charlie's Question About the Beasts. " WELL, here I am again, mama," said Charlie Ross. "I've brought the Bible, and am full of questions. I hunted up the word fire,' as you told me to, but could only find one place where it says anything that would make me think a government would bring down fire on the earth, and I hardly know whether it is a government or not, for it says it is a beast that doeth great wonders, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth. "I know I am a great bother," continued Charlie, as Mrs. Roes laid down her work. "I suppose there are not many boys who have mothers who are willing to give up their, work to help them understand these questions; no, nor many mothers who could help as you do." "No, nor many sons who are interested in Bible ques-tions, or who would think their mother so valuable an instructor. My dear boy, my first work is,Šwell, come, you may tell me yourself." "Ah, mama, I know you think it is the making of me into a true, intelligent man," said Charlie, with a pleased look in his eyes. "You are right. Many a time as you come to me with your questions, I think of David, who had it in' his heart to build the temple of the Lord. He was not permitted to do it; but he was permitted to turn over what he had gathered to his son, and Solomon built the temple. Mama has never been permitted to do any great thing for the Lord, but may be you will have a chance to spread the principles of truth in wider circles. "Now for some of your questions, Charlie." "Well, mama, I never paid much attention to the strange beasts we read about in the Bible before; but since you gave me that hint the other day about the beasts representing governments, I have read of them with great interest. The first question is, How do you know that governments are so represented?" "Governments or earthly kingdoms are represented under several different symbols. In the second chapter of Daniel they were represented to Nebuchadnezzar, who you know was a worshiper of images, under the form of an image whose head was of gold, whose breast was of silver, thighs of brass, legs of iron, and feet part of iron and part of clay. However, we will not stop to study this symbol at present; for in the seventh chapter when the Lord presented the same line of prophecy to his own servant, he represented the different kingdoms under the  symbols of beasts of prey. I do not want torgo too fast, dear, over this point, for the choice of these symbols to represent the intrinsic nature of earthly kingdoms re-veals an infinite understanding of the character and methods of the governments of men, and presents a vast contrast to the nature and methods of the government of God. Just to bring out the difference in the nature and methods of earthly kingdoms, I will ask you a few ques-tions. "How do beasts of prey obtain and preserve their do-minion?" "Why, by force," answered Charlie. "Right. Now tell me how God's kingdom is gaining and controlling its subjects on earth?" "By winning their hearts." "Yes; it is the goodness of God that leads men to re-pentance. The heavenly government extends to the very thoughts and affections of the heart; but earthly govern-ments have dominion only over the outward actions. You asked me how I knew that these beasts represented earthly governments. That's a very wise question. Many persons have said that you could make the Bible mean whatever you liked by interpreting it yourself to suit your own ijeas. But God has not left us to the mercy of men's interpretations. He himself has told, us what these symbols indicate. Turn to Daniel 7:17, and read what he says the four beasts represent." "These great beasts which are four, are four kings which shallarise out of the earth," read Charlie. "Now read the 24th verse and you will see clearly that the beasts are symbols of four great kingdoms." "Thus he said: the fourth beast is thefourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down, and break it in pieces." "The fourth kingdom upon earth is represented by a great and terrible beast,' and the third, second, and first, by beasts whose likeness we find in nature. But first, what seems to be the only object for which beasts of prey strive?" "For their own gratification," suggested Charlie. "Yes, to hold their own dominion, to obtain such things as will minister to their appetites. In fact, they live, as it would seem, simply for self. Anything that in-terferes must be put down and out. They live for time, for the present, for the fulfilling of the desires of the flesh, or of the animal nature only. "Have you ever seen men and women who live in the same way?" "0 yes, mama. It seems as if they did at any rate; for there is the drunkard on Fleet Street, and-0, lots of people who never seem to care for anything but a com-fortable time for themselves. In fact, mama, it seems to me that it is natural for most people, perhaps for every-body, to be very selfish, and to want to get rid of every-thing that interferes with them." . "You remember in our first talk on the difference be-tween the government of God and the government that 