322 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. pay for the teaching of religion, and in effect become a partner of the Church in the business of giving religious instruc-tion. It follows that when they reproach one another for endeavoring to secure some advantage by an alliance with the State, it is nothing more than the pot calling, the kettle black. The moral of all this is that there is but one proper course for -the State to pursue in the mat-ter-of education, namely, to provide facil-ities- for giving not an irreligious, but a purely secular education to all children not otherwise provided for, and leaving to the Church and to the home the teaching of religion. To attempt any other system would be to belittle religion and destroy our common school system. C. P. 13. A Warning for the Clergy. THE Municipal League is working hard to initiate the clergy as practical politi-cians, and it seems to be having very fair success in some quarters. The novelty of the business is not without its attractions for parsons who find their religious duties monotonous, and are glad of an opportu-nity to take a hand in political strategy. The League is trying to enlist both Christian clergymen and Jewish rabbis; but the Hebrew Standard warns the teach-ers of its faith to'be on their guard against the allurements of these banded politi-cians. " We confidently hope," it says, "that every Jewish minister will refuse participating in the affair." It thinks that the ministers should attend to their ap-pointed functions, and be content to preach religious principles of conduct, instead of electioneering for a political party. The advice is good. If the parsons can infuse the spirit of true religion into the community, there will be no need of get-ting up any so-called reform movement in politics. If every individual proceeds to reform himself, the government of the town is sure to be all right; and the pur-pose of religion is to bring about that individual reform. That is what the churches are for, and so far as they fail there, they fail in their spiritual mission. They cannot compensate for the, failure by undertaking to begin at the other end and to teach men how to perform their secular duties. Their function is to purify men's hearts and regenerate their souls, and when that work is done, righteous conduct will follow, necessarily. Neither is it probable that the parsons will contribute anything toward the puri-fication of politics where politics require to be purified. When they start out to apply the methods of politics in their churches and church convocations, we all know that the devil rejoices over the pros-p et of a rich harvest of wickedness. The sweetness and harmony of religious fellow-ship' are transformed into the trickery and bitterness of battle. The clergy enlisted by this League are going into politics as  partisans- of its particular ticket. Their congregations are divided, the great ma-jority of them supporting the Democracy, against whom the League ticket. is to be run. How, then; can there be peace and good will in the churches ? Where will the pastors be after election, when the in-creased acrimony of the strife has left its results in heart-burning and disappoint-ment, triumph and exultation ? They will have to remain as political leaders, with such a remnant of partisan followers as they can retain, and their churches will be League churches, not Christian com-munions. The bond of union will be political, and not religious, agreement. The people who want religion only, will go elsewhere. Therefore we are not surprised that the Hebrew paper warns the Jewish, rabbis to keep out of the trap set for the minis-ters by this League of self-seeking politi-cians. They are sure to be harmed if they are caught in it, and will be able to extricate themselves only after having lost in both moral and religious power and influence. Failure as politicians may teach them a useful lesson, but the obstacles in the way of their spiritual prosperity will be greatly increased and multiplied because of it. Yet many of them seem determined to find this out by actual experience.ŠThe Sun. Keep Church and State Separate. THE St. Louis Globe-Democrat runs into the same way of error with several other papers on the subject of the Bennett law and the opposition to it. It makes the opponents of the law to be "the opponents of the English language," while they are nothing of the kind. They teach English in their schools; their children learn to speak English; they themselves learn it and use it on occasion. It is a total per-version of the question at issue to make the action of the opponents of the. Bennett law to be against the English language or its use. The sole point at issue is whether the State shall assume control of the pri-vate schools and dictate what shall be taught there, or how it shall be taught. Again the Globe-Democrat misstates the question when it says In the matter of the regulation of the schools the people will not submit to dictation from any church or churches, however widely extended or powerful. In this contest there is no attempt what-ever on the part of either of the churches concerned to dictate to the State in any way in the matter of the regulation of the State schools. It is strictly and, really a denial of the right of the State to dictate-in the matter of their own, private schools. As the State-  would be right in resenting dictation from any church in the matter of the regulation of the State schools, so any church is right in resenting the dicta-tion of the State in the regulation of the church schools. Such action on the part of the churches is only allegiance to the  principle of the absolute separation be-tween Church and State. For, for any church to . assume control of the State schools or dictate in any manner what-ever what shall be taught there, or how, would be a union of Church and State; and 'it is none the less a union of Church and State when the State presumes to assume 'control of the church schools and dictate what shall be taught there, and how it shall be taught. Whoever pleads for the separation of Church and State indeed, 'will be an open straightforward opponent of the Bennett law, and every- thing like it. Ł A. T. J. .4 - Sunday-Law Arrogance. IN the Christian Union of July 26, Dr. Lyman Abbott, the editor, says on the question of Sunday :Š The current notion that Christ and his apostles authoritatively substituted the first day of the week for the seventh is absolutely without any authority in the New Testament. This statement is undoubtedly true, as any one may satisfy himself by carefully reading the New Testament. It is also the view held by other leading Protestant doctors, notably Dr. Schaff, and by other leading publications, for instance, the Christian at Work. In the' same paper from which we make the above quotation, in " Home Talks about the Word," Emily Huntington Miller on the subject of Christ, says:Š He taught by his example. He always kept holy the Sabbath day. Now it is absolutely certain that Christ did not keep the first day of the week, but the seventh day according to the com-mandment, the day which all the Jews were observing. There was never any controversy about whether that day should be observed or not. The contention raised by the Pharisees against the Saviour was not whether that day should be kept, but how it should be kept. The day, therefore, which Christ kept holy was not the first day of the week ; and, as he taught by his example, it is evident that there is no force whatever in his teaching by example in favor of the observance of the first day of the week. This is the doctrine and this is the logic of these two quotations from the Christian Union. This is the truth as acknowledged by these two writers, and this journal. And being the truth, what basis is there in rev-elation, religion, or reason, for all these preachers and associations so urgently de-manding the enactment of laws and the strict enforcement of the laws already' in existence, to compel people to respect the first day of the week as the Lord's day, the Sabbath day, or the Christian Sab-bath ? Such statements as these from those who believe in the observance of the first day of the week, plainly shows what THE SENTINEL has always insisted upon, viz.; Ł Ł-Ł-Ł 