`Ł\, \t".*\`,Ank‚NY-,,, Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas ye erson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE 19, 1889. NUMBER 21. TI-2e AnirDieal2 geRtii2el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH dr CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. IT is generally supposed by Christian people that sin is the worst thing in the universe. It seems, however, that Rev. Charles F. Thwing, D. D., of Minneapolis, Minn., has discovered some-thing worse. He says, " The man who refuses to take rest on Sunday is not simply committing a sin, but what is possibly worse, is committing a blunder." This shows conclusively, we suppose, that there should be a civil law which will pre-vent men from committing blunders. The law of God may be sufficient to restrain from sin, but it seems that it is entirely impotent in the matter of blunders, and it follows that it should be supple-mented by civil enactment. "DARK AGES" is the expression used by Prot-estants to designate that period in which Cathol-icism ruled the Old World. Now that Protest-ants are straining every nerve to bring the civil institutions of this country under,  the control of the church, does it not look as though they rather envied the Papal prestige of those by-gone days? When they seek to re-inaugurate a system of gov-ernment similar to that which they have been wont to style dark, is it not because they pre-fer a condition of darkness ? The effort to erect in the United States an image to the power that held sway in Europe during the Dark Ages, is made by so-called Protestants. Then is Protest-antism really a failure, as charged by Catholics ? or is this backward move merely a proof that men love darkness rather than light, because their deeds are evil? THE following from the Light of Home, pub-lished at Alfred Center, New York, is a pointed and truthful statement :Š It is clear that, without any opposition on the part of those who observe the seventh-day Sab-bath, public opinion in California is opposed to the re-enactment of any general Sunday law. Pro-hibitory legislation against liquor traffic on all days ought to be obtained in California and else-where. Any law which is directly or indirectly in the interest of religious observance of any day has no right to demand a hearing, there or else-where. All laws which are based upon the idea that it is wrong to attend to "secular affairs" on  Sunday seek to establish a religious observance of the day. Some men may injure themselves through overwork by not resting on Sunday, but ten times as many injure themselves by dissipa-tion, smoking, drinking, etc., when the law com-pels men to make it a holiday. If Sunday laws are to be supported mainly on hygienic grounds, they must be made to include smoking, drinking, "late suppers," and scores of other unhealthful prac-tices which compulsory idleness induces. The Proposed Authority for the Na-tional Sunday Law. As authority for Sunday, and as the' basis of national Sunday legislation, Dr. Herrick Johnson before the Senate Committee appealed to the fourth commandment. The "American Sabbath Union," whose grand aim is a national Sunday law, likewise declare the basis of their movement to be the fourth commandment. It is proper, therefore, to inquire what authority there is for Sunday laws in the fourth commandment. As it is a question of legislation And of law, it would be proper to examine it from the standpoint of law. Suppose, then, that the Blair bill, or one to the same purpose, were enacted into a law, and the courts in construing it should take j u-dicial cognizance of the fourth commandment as the authority and the basis of the law. Courts are governed by certain well-established rules in the construction of laws. Let us notice some of these rules and see what would be the re-sult of a judicial construction of such a Sunday law on the basis of the fourth commandment. 1. "What a court is to do is to declare the law as written." The fourth commandment as written is as fol-lows: " Reniember the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work ; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the sev-enth day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sab-bath-day, and hallowed it." That commandment as written says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath." Consequently, at the very first step, the first day of the week, as declared in the bill and as these people demand, would be completely shut out. But if any should innocently inquire, The seventh day of what? the commandment itself is ready with an explicit an-swer. It is the day upon which the Lord rested from the work of creation. In that work he em-ployed six days, and the seventh day he rested, and that, and that alone, as Doctor Johnson has  said, established the weekly division of time. As those seven days formed the first week of time, the seventh day of those seven was the seventh day of the week. And that is the sev-enth day fixed in the commandment. This is confirmed by the Scriptures throughout. The New Testament declares that the Sabbath is past before the first day of the week comes. Mark 16 :1, 2 says :Š "And when the Sabbath was past, Mary Mag-dalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Sa-lome, had bought sweet spices, that they might come and anoint him. And very early in the morning, the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulcher at the rising of the sun." The people mentioned in this scripture came to the sepulcher very early in the morning of the first day of the week ; yet the Sabbath was past. This national Sunday bill, and the people who favor it, propose to secure the religious observance of the Sabbath on the first day of the week. But no such thing ever can be done, because, ac-cording to the Scripture, the Sabbath is past be-fore the first day of the, week comes; and it mat-ters not how early persons may come to the first day of the week and its observance, they will not be early enough to find the Sabbath there, because, by the word of the Lord, it is past before the first day of the week comes. This is made yet more positive, if need be, by the record in Luke 23 : 56 and 24 : 1, which reads as follows :Š "And they returned, and prepared spices and ointments; and rested the Sabbath-day accord-ing to the commandment. Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the sepulcher, bringing the spices which they had prepared, and certain others with them." Here it is declared that certain people rested on the Sabbath-day, according to the command-ment, and then on the first day of the week did what they would not do on the Sabbath-day. This proves conclusively that the Sabbath-dayŠaccording to the commandment which these men cite, and which it is supposed the courts will have to interpret when such a bill becomes a lawŠis the day before the first day of the week ; which plainly demonstrates that the seventh day named in the commandment is nothing else than the seventh day of the week. Therefore, if courts, in the interpretation of this commandment as the basis of a Sunday law, declare the law as written and as defined by the plain word of the Lord, they will have to declare that the seventh day, and not the first day of the week, is the Sabbath. 2. "In the case of all laws it is the intent of the lawgiver that is to be enforced." What, then, was the intent of the Lawgiver when the fourth commandment was given? Did 