392 THE AIVIERIC_A_N SENTINEL. voL. 5, No. 49. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 11, 1890.,  NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered It may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. SENATOR BLAIR'S friends are hopeful of his re-election. Now that Congress is again in session we may expect a renewal of efforts to se-cure from the law-making power some suhstantial recognition of Sunday sacred-ness.  Ł .4.-Ł A PACIFIC Coast exchange says that at the next session of the Legislature of Cal-ifornia, a Sunday-law bill will be intro-duced, and the people are being generally solicited to petition for it. BEFORE the State can teach religion it must have a religion to teach. But the State being not a single individual but an aggregation of individuals, it can have a religion only in the sense of having a creed which it fosters. Are the American people ready for that sort of thing ? REV. DR. WILLIAM T. MELOY, pastor of the First Presbyterian Church, Vinton, Iowa, says : " Keep the Bible out of the schools and our children are deprived of moral instruction." This might be true of Dr. Meloy's children, but we are persuaded that most ministers give their children moral instruction at home; indeed we do not see how it could be true of any chil-dren in Christian homes. Homes in which moral instruction is not given are not Christian, even though the head of the house may publicly minister in sacred things. THE Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, Press of the 23d ult., has the following editorial notice of the late Law and Order Conven- tion in that city Although the Law and Order Convention has been condemning in unmeasured terms the " des-ecration " of Sunday in any manner, including the running of railroad trains, yet all the delegates to the late Convention here, save three, left the city last night or this morning. Some went last night to distant cities, so they will be traveling all day Sunday, while others did not even make a pretense of avoiding a start on Sunday, but leave Pittsburg this morning. It is possible the gentlemen do not consider that they are amenable to the moral laws they expounded so diligently all the week. They may think that anything that they do is sanctified by the fact that they do it, and that the wicked engin-eers, firemen, conductors, ticket-sellers, and other railroad officials who are forced to labor that the Law and Order people may reach home, are ab- solved because they are doing evil in a holy cause. This may be the way the Law and Order delegates look at it, and then again, .perhaps they do not give the matter any thought at all. The general public, however, will wonder at the presumption and inconsistency of those people who dare to con-demn others for sins they commit themselves. The Press should understand that the Sunday-law. advocate; r ant Sunday laws in order that they may not be tempted to travel on what they regard as sacred time. In short they want civil laws to restrain. them from sin, just as the judicious mamma putS the preserves upon the top shelf of the pantry in order that Johnny may not be tempted to pilfer them. ON a recent Sunday evening, a promi-nent Sabbath Union orator was holding forth to a small audience in a church in this city; on the opposite corner Gilmore's band was discoursing sweet music to a crowded house. The situation was not to the orator's liking, and, in the bitterness of his soul, casting a sad look upon his handful of hearers, he remarked, " If you would close up that synagogue of Satan over there you would have more people in here." And that desireŠthe wish to fill the churchesŠaccounts for the milk in the American Sabbath Union cocoanut. A GENTLEMAN, of Alabama, recently wrote to the Albany Law Journal asking : " What legally-constituted tribunal ever decided that one day in the week was more holy' than another ? If so on what authority ?" The question was called out by the remark of the Journal that a man who shaves on Sunday " cheats the Lord, out of his time." The Journal responded :-- We really are not competent to answer the in-quiry, and we turn the inquirer over to the Independ-ent, which is much better informed on the point than we are. The idea of the " Lord's time " is simply a notion which we hold in common with a good many other superstitious people. The Independent also evidently felt un-equal to the task of answering the ques-tion, for instead of discussing the query, it launched out upon a long justification of Sunday laws upon so - called civil grounds. Why not answer the question and tell the Alabama man where, when, and how Sunday was made holy ? AT a recent Teacher's Institute in Pitts-burg, Pennsylvania, the subject of religion in the public schools was discussed. " Dr. Noss," says the Pittsburg Dispatch, "paid a high tribute to the German system, which he said cultivated the pupil's think-ing powers, physical powers, and moral powers. He did not think that the Prot-estant teachers should be greatly offended when their Catholic contemporaries speak of the godlessness of the public schools. He was of the opinion that religion should go hand in hand with secular train-ing, and that the result would be that the moral education of children would be greatly furthered." Superintendent Luckey took issue with Dr. Noss in regard to religion in the schools. He said that if intense religious instruction would produce a nation of in-fidels like the Germans, he did not want religious instruction in American schools. It was impossible, he said, to give secular and religious instruction in the public schools. ŁŁŁ THE Christian Index, of Atlanta, Geor-gia, comments thus upon the election of a Baptist as Governor of that State :Š The Baptists are a very considerable folk numer-ically, in this State, and it is pleasant to know that they are able to contribute, from their ranks, men fitted for eminent station. Indeed the affairs of State, are often safer in the hands of a Baptist than any other, if they are true to their denominational training. This demands that they be exact and true and never for one moment seek to use power for the special benefit of their denomination. Bap-tists draw the line between the Church and State with a broad pen, and look with suspicion upon any trenching upon either side. The influences which Baptist doctrines have doubtless had upon our new Governor will protect the general body of the peo-ple from anything like an undue pressure from the denomination with which he is allied. So the State is to be congratulated in its chief officer, who true to himself and his principles will rule equally among all his people and in the interest of the gen-eral good alone. If the Baptists of Georgia are as true to their principles as the Index expects Gov-ernor Northern to be, there will be no such pressure for the Governor to withstand. Ł Ł Ł AMONG the bills introduced in the Ver-mont Legislature is: " A bill prohibiting traveling on Sunday, except to church, or on errands of humanity and charity." The people of the whole United States ought to go to the expense of presenting a large leather medal to those Vermont Solons.ŠWestern Herald. EX-MINISTER PHELPS iS authority for the statement that the number of for-eigners using English has increased one hundred fold the past thirty years. Yet some people are alarmed lest a knowledge of the language becomes practically ex-tinct in some of our Western communities ! FOR men to cease to cry out against in-justice is as if they thought that God was de-ad.ŠWilliam T. Stead. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending towards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact.. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW Your 