AMERICAN SENTINEL. 363 enth day is not sanctified as the commandment requires unless it is set apart from all other days of the week, by rest from labor, as God set it apart at creation. The commandment requires that this deference be shown only to the seventh day. He who tries to sanctify both the seventh and the first days sanctifies neither one. This is how Sunday laws invade the realm of conscience. Modifications of Russian Despotism. WIDESPREAD interest has been aroused by the an-nouncement from across the water that the czar, in addi-tion to his undertaking in behalf of international peace and disarmament, has determined upon the abolition of the horrors of the Siberian exile system.' Possibly it had occurred to the czar that the sincerity of his appeal in behalf of peace might be seriously questioned, while the system of Siberian exile was maintained under his authority. This, however, is not the motive assigned in the matter. The following comments on the subject are made by the New York Journal:Š "The czar has just given another proof of wishing to be a progressive despot. The first prominent proof was his taking the initiative in the Peace Conference that is now sitting at The Hague; the second is found in the news, just received, that he has presided at a meeting of a council called to Consider transportation to Siberia and work in the Siberian mines as a punishment for crime, and to devise a substitute therefor. "To be sure, the motive assigned is that the use of Siberia as a penal colony seriously interferes with the development of that province; nevertheless, the humani-tarian and philanthropic sentiments of the young czar should be given due weight. "If during the last one hundred years any one wanted a picture of an earthly hell, all he had to do was to point to Siberia. That was not merely on account of the work in the mines by convicts, in a region errone-ously supposed to be an Arctic waste, but because many of the victims were political prisoners, condemned, not by the courts, but simply by administrative decrees, and mainly because of the hardships on the long route, walk-ing, as the prisoners had to do, chained to each other. The writings of the American, George Kennan, ten years ago, roused the world to protest. "And yet the British penal colony at Botany Bay was, and the present French colony at New Caledonia is, fully as horrible. "Some years ago a large pamphlet in the French language was sent to all civilized governments by the chief of the Russian prisons. Our Labor Department in Washington also received a copy. The document, per-haps, was intended as an answer to the charges of Ken-nan. At all events it sought to prove that the Siberian prison system had been entirely changed since 1890, and that millions of rubles had been expended for that pur-pose. "It asserted first that all work in Siberian mines had practically been abolished, and that all Russian peniten-tiary convicts were henceforth to be sent, with their fam- ilies, to the island of Saghalin, on the east coast of Sibe-ria, and after their sentence expired they were to remain there as free colonists. In other words, the island of Saghalin would in the future be the sole penitentiary in all Russia. Next it affirmed that all walking in chains by prisoners to Siberia was abolished; that from that time onward the prisoners would be transferred by ship from Odessa through the Indian Ocean to Saghalin. "How much of that was really true we do not know. If true, it was clearly a vast improvement on what Ken-nan said he saw. The pamphlet did not say that there were no convicts in the Siberian mines, but maintained that there were but a few thousands, and these the most hardened criminals. "Nevertheless it will be a great advance at the dawn of the twentieth century if, owing to the czar, Siberia ceases entirely to be a penal colony." •-  Church and State Against Protestantism in Austria. ROMAN CATHOLICS of Austria are making strenuous efforts to combat the movement of secession from the church of Rome, by the power of the civil government. In Austria church and state are united, and the action of the church in this matter simply shows the purpose for which such a union is desired by the church. It is only to help the church maintain supremacy in spiritual affairs. The Literary Digest says that the secession move-ment "is assuming daily more important dimensions," and the authorities "are beginning to busy themselves with it. A number of Protestant ministers have been indicted for unlawful proselyting. Protestant divines who are not very careful in their utterances are punished for 'attacking a lawfully established religious organiza-tion,' i. e., the Roman Catholic Church." The Vienna Tageblatt, however, counsels the author-ities to proceed with moderation. It says:Š "Many parents are grieved because their sons, stu-dents who are not yet of age, have joined the movement and leave the Roman Catholic Church for Protestantism. The government is asked to interfere by altering the con-stitution. Article 4 says that 'every Austrian above the age of fourteen, without distinction of sex, is free to choose his or her religious faith, and the authorities must protect them in the exercise of this freedom.' To abolish this rule would be a serious infringement of our liberties, and likely to do more harm than good. Enough is done to prevent the Protestants from obtain-ing influence by unfair means, as in some cases the courts endeavor to discover whether the convert 'was left per-fectly free to choose the religious community he wished to join,' that is to say, whether his conversion was not obtained by threats or misrepresentation." The church-and-state party in Austria want the con-stitution altered there in the interests of religion, and the church-and-state party in the United States want the Constitution here altered for the same reason. In 