Civil Officers Leading Jerome to Martyrdom for HeresyŠ" A Crime Against the State." "It must be remembered that in those days, heresy, especially if outspoken, was regarded not only as an offense against religion, but also as a crime against the State, and was punished accordingly." ŠCardinal Gibbons. "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, MAY 30, 1895. NUMBER 22.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 4a BOND STREET, New YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, THE GEORGIA COURTS AND THE SUNDAY LAW. AN interesting question, though by no means a new one, has been raised by the case of J. Q. Allison, at Douglasville, Ga., an account of which is given elsewhere in this paper. Mr. Allison pro-duced a Bible in court and proposed to show from it his authority for hold-ing that the sev-enth day is the Sabbath. But he was stopped by the judge, who told him : "That won't do in this court." " We allow every man his own re-ligious opinions, but this is simply a civil law." Mr. Allison then read from Section 6, Article 1, of the constitution of Georgia, which is as follOws Perfect freedom of religious sentiment shall be, and the same is hereby secured, and no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in person or property, or prohibited from holding any public office or trust, on account of his religious opinion; but the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness or justify prac-tices inconsistent with the peace or safety of the people. Mr. Allison was interrupted by the court before he had finished reading this section, and was informed that the only question be- fore the court Was, whether he had worked on the first day of the week or not, at the time charged in the indictment. And in this connection the judge said:Š I would not interfere with you in any way in the enjoyment of your religion; this is simply a law of the State, and we are bound thereby. The State could say that you should keep Wednesday or Thursday or every other Thursday, that it would be a crime to work on every other Wednesday or every other Thursday, and we would be bound to obey that law. This statement by the judge would be true if the law were indeed a merely civil regula-tion based upon civil reasons ; but according to decisions of the Supreme Court of Georgia, his statement is not true. The Supreme Court of that State has sustained Sunday laws upon distinctively religious grounds. And the rea-sons given could not by any possibility apply to Wednesday or Thursday or to every other Wednesday or Thursday. Moreover, the judge cannot find in American law anywhere an enforced civil holiday. The prohibition of secular labor and business on Sunday has ab- solutely no other basis except the supposed sacred character of the day. No other reason could possibly exist for forbidding a man to plow in his own field on Sunday; and Judge Janes can ascertain for himself that this is the ground upon which the Supreme Court of Georgia has sustained the Sunday law. In 1852 Judge Lumpkin, of Georgia, said: " All agree that to the well-being of society stated intervals of rest are absolutely neces-sary. We should not tempt mankind, there-fore, to yield obedience to municipal arrange-ments which overlook and disregard the moral law of the great Jehovah, who, from the smok-ing top of Mount Sinai, proclaimed to all the world, Re-member the Sab-bath day to keep it holy; in it thou shalt not do any work.' "' This is a direct acknowledgment of the religious character of Sun-day, and likewise of the laws which sustain it, and the same could never be true of Wednes-day or Thursday, for nobody claims that the fourth commandment has any reference to those days. Again, as recently as 1871, Judge Lochrane said that he felt sustained in pre-suming the law of Kansas to be the same as that of his own State (Georgia) in this regard, because the contrary view would sup-pose the people of Kansas to have annulled the Decaloque and to have permitted by law the disregard of Christian obligation; and not only to have forgotten, but violated the injunction, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy; in it thou shalt do no manner of work."'  1  Neal vs. Crew, 12 Ga., 93. 2  Hill vs. Wilker. 41 Ga., 449. EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 