THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 349 university, but this prohibition shall not exclude the study of Christian theol-ogy-. Hebrews, not to speak of agnostics, and, atheists, would be justified in object-ing to the teaching of Christian theology in a national university. And,  where does Mr. ;Edmunds expect to find, a theological faculty that can teach Christian theology without maintaining doctrines and beliefs that will be regarded as,  sectarian by some body. or other of Christian believers ? His' only refuge Must be in some vague phyase about " the fundamentals of the Christian religion," but what seems vital and fundainental to one religions COmmun- ion. may' seem accidental and unessential to tanothek. Not even a theological fac-ulty oonapOSed of Scholarly and indifferent agnostics dould avoid the teaching of some special dOetrines.ŠThe Sun. A Rebublic Indeed! TAB. -following is from an article by R. ,Q-Wylie, in the 4Ch/ristian States-man,. It .was, so far as we are able to judge, written in all seriousness, and evi-04.tly with the expectation that some, at leapt, would receive it as- true. Mr. 'Wy- lie says,:Š The ,Hebrews had neither rulers nor laws until they' themselves elected the first and enacted, the second. The people, by a popular vote ratified the Constitution and laws given to' Moses at Sinai. Th,S people also 'elected their rulers, and these too , by^ divine cominand. =It is somewhat amusing to find a certain class of people in modern times deny-ing that. Israel was at first a republic. Ł The,only ra-tional method of accounting for this denial is on the stiPpOsitiOri that the people are the Special agents of theiprince of the-power of the air to antagonize the National Reform movement, and So zealous are they in the service of their Satanic master that they do not hesitate to deny anything that we may assert. No Scholar,_ and in fact no perEion who has read twenty chapters of the book of Exodus, would ever think Of denying that Israel was ,a republic, if he had any regard for the truth. Row to fitly characterize such state-ments we I know not. Nothing hilt the blindness of bigotry and superstition could ever cause. any sane man to write such stuff, 'with the expectation that it would meet with any credence whatever. The theory that Israel was ever a republic, or anything akin to a republic, 'is a new theory \ coined and given to the world solely for the purpose of concealing the native iniquity of the so-called National Reform. movement. No scholar, and in fact no person who has read twenty-  chap-ters of the book of Exodus," would ever think of asserting that Israel was a repub-lic, if be had any regard for the truth.'-' It is not the commonly accepted view, nor is it the view held by anybody exceptŁ Na-tional Reformers who are driven to take that position by the necessities of the case. Several papers, whose editors have shoWn more zeal than discretion or knowledge of the Scriptures, have been -attempting to strengthen. the claims of women to seats in,  the Methodist Episcopal General Con-ference by the following arguments a la National Reform Miriam was in the General Conference of God's church, for it is said: "die led forth the people by Moses, Aaron, and Miriam." In annihilating this so-,called argument, the Christian AdvoCate, of this city, inci-dentally deals Mr. Wylie's claim a heavy blow, as follows :Š There is no such passage of Scripture. If there were it would mean nothing, for in Miriam's, time there was no representation, no law-making by human beings, but laws came direct from God. Miriam had great ability, and was a stronger char-acter than Aaron, but her last public appearance Was in the capacity of, claiming more authority than God gave her; for that she was made leprous. We have italicized the sentence bearing directly' upon this question. The Advo-cate has stated the truth; in the time of Moses, Aaron, and Miriam, there was no representation, no law-making by human beings. The HebreWs neither elected their own Alders, nor enacted their own laws. Even Moses, so often called, " the law-giver of Israel," was not such in fact, for he never made a single law; but only en-forced those that he received directly from God. The seventy elders of Israel were not elected. They represented Israel only because they were heads of families. As one writer on this subject remarks : " The pa-triarchal system existed to the time of the exodus. ' Elders' were, aged' men, heads of families or tribes. The father of the family was priest and ruler, no matter how old his sons might be, nor how numerous their families. And his prerogative de-scended to the first-born. This order con-tinued until the Lord chose one family to serve as priests for the nation. At first, elders were such in this sense Only. " These, and similar facts are known to everybody except National Reformers, and they too might know them if they would only study the Scriptures instead of the perversions of Scripture which drizzle from the pens of their District Secretaries, and acquire some Claim to consideration by reason of being printed in a paper bear- ing the name "Christian." C. P. B. Opposed to the Bible in the Schools. THERE is being put forth in Chicago strongŁ effort to raise again the question of the Bible in the public schools. But all signs point to a definite refusal of the Protestants to enter upon the discussion. Minister after minister has refused to have anything to doŁ with the movement. It is felt very generally that the super-ficial reading of a chapter by a teacher, who is often not in sympathy with the Book,,  would avail nothing, and that the complaints of the Roman Catholic parents would be justified, if the King James version were used. And any such move-ment would only serve to strengthen the hands of those who constantly point to the public school as an enemy to their faith. Indeed, it has at best the decided disadvantage of relieving, in appearance, the parents of responsibility in the matter  of the religious- training of their children. ŠRev. T. C. Hall, in New York Observer, Oct. 28. Are Sacred Books Unsectarian? WHILE there remains a sect on the face of the earth that claims to follow the teachings of an inspired book different from the Scriptures, or while there re-mains a people who deny its inspiration, the Word of God must be sectarian. If the Christian Bible is not sectarian, the Koran is not, nor any of the books re-garded sacred and peculiar to other sects than that of Christianity. It is a fact that worldly opinion holds the reins of government on this earth ; and that, as the Scripture teaches, we are in the land of the enemy. It is not be-cause worldly opinion says so that makes the Testament sectarian ; but the fact of existent conflicting beliefs is what makes the guide book of any one of these sectarian. Therefore to try to force the Bible as non-sectarian in the public schools sup-ported by atheists, infidels, Jews, and Christians alike, is contrary to civil law; and a reflection on those who should above all others be familiar with the Golden Rule. If the Christians can place the book of their exclusive belief within a public in-stitution, then by the same logic the dis-believer has the right to be heard in his defense, and the Mormon also, and the Jew, and the Buddhist, and every other religion that contributes to the school, has the right of representation. They are all good citizens, and no one religion has any right above another in our land of free- dom. Ł It was because one religion was favored above all others by legislation, that nearly two thousand years ago the civil, law con-demned Christ; since which time king-doms and nations have crumbled and dis-appeared, while the' Christian religion has for the first time, because our Nation looks on all alike, found here full free-dom for its immeasurable works of good. Let not our Nation be the first to invade these rights of equality. " The Bible," a contemporary truly says, " has outlived and triumphed over all other books, and is to-day gradually ascending as never before, taking on itself `new tongues' and spreading open its pages to every land, and islands of the sea." As a book for the church, the home circle, and the individual, it has blessed and been blessed, naarvelously. Rut why not let it continue these glorious achievements ? Why leave its sacred realm, to invade the property belonging to all creeds alike, to violate, 'the grandest system of religious equality that ever existed ? The Bible is in its proper sphere. Let it remain where it stands, and do not make it a public-school text book. Moral and Scientific Companion. 