648 AMERICAN SENTINEL. their functions of supreme pontiffs; and, on the other hand, the Brahmins of India found nothing in their Vedas and Purannas which made them blush at the vices and the tyranny of the rajahs by whom they were en-riched. By the aid of the superstition the despot fortified his tyranny, and by the aid of the despotism the priest gave currency to his falsehoods. Thus the union of the state and the priesthood was an alliance of force and fraud. Neither party was strong enough to rule alone. But when the priest preached for the despot, and the despot governed for the priest, both the more easily kept their feet upon the necks of the people; and made the universal degradation subservient to their greatness. The Sabbath not Jewish nor Puritan. ADVOCATES of a Puritan Sunday are wont to refer in 'very disparaging terms to the "Jewish Sabbath," not stopping to consider that it is a fact that the Puritan Sunday and the real Jewish Sabbath are in their na-tures almost identical. Both are man-made institu-tions claiming to be based upon the Sabbath command-ment of the Decalogue, and the same narrowness of con-ception appears in each. The following words from J. L. Hurlburt, D.D., in the Classmate, state some essen-tial truths upon this subject:Š "The Jew was very strict in the observance of the Sabbath. He would not leave a grain of corn on the ground after feeding the hens; it might take root, and that would be planting. He must not bruise the grass with his feet; that would be threshing. He had a solemn law prohibiting him from catching a flea, for that would be hunting. He could not wear heavy nails in his shoes, for that would be carrying a burden; nor wear false teeth for the same reason. The Puritans thought it a sin for a boy to whistle on the Sabbath. One minister in those days would not allow his wife to wash dishes on Sunday. Another whipped his wife for borrowing eggs on that day. "Such an irksome, restrictive Sabbath Jesus did not advocate. One Sabbath, Christ and his disciples were walking along the path that frequently ran through the fields of growing grain. They were hungry; and, as they often do in that country still, some of them pulled off the tops of the wheat, rubbed it in their hands, and ate the grain. This was against Jewish law. Plucking it was reaping; rubbing it together was threshing. The Jews immediately charged the disciples with breaking the law. Jesus replied that he was Lord of the Sabbath. That it was a day set aside for blessing, not for hampering, men. He gave man, not the Jewish nor the Puritan Sabbath, but a day of freedom, rest and cheer. He wants it kept a holy, but not .a gloomy, day. Of all the days of the week he intended the Sabbath to be the brightest, the most cheerful, the most restful, and the most profitable. He bids those who are his to keep the day, not according to the Jewish rigid rule, but according to the rule of love to him. How can I spend the day so that I will please him whom I love? "What work shall be done on the Sabbath? Jesus  went into the synagogue to worship. There was a man present whose arm was all withered up. Now, by the law of the Jews a man must not take a dose of medicine on the Sabbath, nor have a broken bone set. Jesus be-lieved in helping others on any day, so he said to the man, 'Stretch forth thy hand.' The man did so, and in the act found his arm made just as well as the other one. Before this miracle Jesus had asked the Jews if there was one present who would not pull a sheep out of a pit into which it had fallen. Of course they would. How much better 'then is a man than a sheep? They could say nothing against this. God made the Sabbath for you to enjoy. Do all the good you can and it will become the day of all the week the best." Christianity recognizes neither the Puritan nor the Jewish Sabbath, but only "the Sabbath of the Lord"Ša day of spiritual refreshment. And "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Religious Liberty Under King Asa. "Present Truth" ( London, Eng.) AFTER Asa's accession to the throne of Judah, there was a period of ten years of unbroken peace. The time was spent in clearing out of the kingdom of Judah the idolatrous relics of King Solomon's apostasy. The altars of the strange gods were taken away, and the images of the sun were destroyed out of all the cities of Judah. kroyal proclamation was sent throughout the country, commanding the people to seek the Lord and obey his commandments. There are many nowadays who think that because such proclamations as these are recorded in the Scrip-tures, it was right to issue them, and that it is still right to enforce matters of religion by the law of the land. But, although Asa was a reformer, he showed by this edict that he did not fully appreciate the character of the worship which God requires of his people. God's law is a law of love. By his loving kindness he draws men to himself, and his commandments are given, not as rigid, autocratic requirements, but as a word of life, promising to all who hear and live the righteousness they set forth. Christ was the law of God in life and action, for love is the fulfilling of the law, and Christ was perfect love. Whoever would get correct ideas of the law of God will find them in the life of Jesus of Nazareth, who said, "Thy law is within my heart." He came not to condemn but to save. "If there had been a law given which could have given life, verily righteousness should have been by the law." Gal. 3:21. But "what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son . . . condemned sin in the flesh: that the right-eouSness of the law might be fulfilled in us." Rom. 8: 3, 4. God's Word is strong enough in itself to accomplish the thing whereto he sends it, and if the Word prove weak through the flesh, the flesh does not improve mat-ters by promulgating a supplementary law of its own.  The only effect of this is to hide from view the efficiency of the divine Word, and thereby diminish faith in it. 