136 Ict CAINT S. .1.--1NITrI7 1, Ni 1h VoL. 10, No. 17. NEW YORK, APRIL 25, 1895. Vr Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by sonic friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL ed have no fears 'hat they will be asked to pay for it. THE press is still busy printing copies of our extra of the 11th. We are pleased with the loyal cooperation 'of our friends in the cir-culation of this number, and are prepared to fill promptly all orders for this important issue. NEARLY every one who insists on compel-ling his neighbor to conform to his standard of piety, first gets his standard enacted into law and then turns to the thirteenth chapter of Romans and reads'. "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers." Our first article is devoted to an explanation of this scripture. It will repay the careful reader. THE military craze seems to be sweeping everything before it. The " King's Daugh-ters," of Quincy, Mass., have formed them-selves into a rifle company, and after a prac-tice drill under the instruction of a regular officer of the United States army, they re-cently gave a public exhibition of the regular-ity and precision with which they could man-ipulate the instrument of death. Think of it! The "King's Daughters," presumably the daughters of the " Prince of Peace," pub-licly exhibiting the dexterity with which they can handle the instruments of strife, war and bloodshed. THE earnest, consistent Protestant could not but notice the silence maintained by the press of the country toward the pope's recent bold, unequivocal condemnation of the American principle of separation of Church and State. The following, printed in the Catholic World for April, in an article by Walter Elliott, a priest of the " Paulist Fathers," entitled the ‚. Musings of a Missionary," will present what papists regard as the reason for this silence The press dare not openly attack the Church, and in large part has no desire to do so, and it is quite accessible to the publication of articles on the Catholic side. The press of the country is a powerful factor for good or ill, and if it is true that the Ro-man Catholic Church has silenced its protest against Catholic encroachments, the final mid complete triumph of the papacy in this country will be comparatively easy. THE Catholic Mirror, of April 6, attempts another apology for the violence attempted by Catholics against ex-priest Slattery. The apology is a covert encouragement to violence as the reader will see. The Mirror says:Š Slattery came very near precipitating a riot in Mem-phis similar to that of which he was the cause in Sa-vannah. How can the people be blamed for showing  indignation against this man ? It is not the doctrines of the Catholic Church that he attacks, but the character of the priests and nuns. Catholics know how pure and devoted their religious are, and the feeling of anger when they are libelled by a wretch like Slattery be-comes uncontrollable. The Mirror asks " how can the people be blamed " for trying -to kill ex-priest Slattery, and acknowledges that under the circum-stances the " rage " of Catholics is " uncon-trollable." If this were the apology of natural, unconverted men who made no profession of Christianity, who did not pretend to follow the example of Him " who, when he was re-viled, reviled not again," we would not think very strange of it; but even then we would not expect to hear these sentiments uttered by a good citizen who always favors redress-ing his grievances by the orderly, legal meth-ods provided by law rather than by the anarch-istic methods of mob violence. Since Rome returns railing for railing how can she claim to be Christian? and since she admits that her children are " uncontrollable " when their religious teachers are spoken against, how can she lay claim to being the only force that can control the mobs of all the world in the approaching social upheaval? Let her control the " uncontrollable " within herself before posing as the only power that can control the anarchy outside the church. Prosecuted for "Breaking Saturday." IN a previous issue the SENTINEL an-nounced that J. W. Huddleston, a Seventh-day Adventist of Fort Smith, Ark., had been convicted and fined for laboring on Sunday, notwithstanding the Sunday law of the State expressly exempts from its penalties any "per-son who, from religious belief, keeps any other day than the first day of the week, usually called the Christian Sabbath." As was also announced an appeal was taken from the decision of the justice, and this ap-peal is developing some points of peculiar in-terest. It seems that the prosecuting attorney has despaired of being able to convict in the face of the exemption clause unless he can prove that Mr. Huddleston has not, from reli-gious belief, kept the seventh day; and this he declares he is able to do. He says lie has witnesses who will swear that Mr. Huddleston has broken his own Sabbath. As Seventh-day Adventists are known for the strictness with which they observe the Sabbath, the reader will wonder how the pros-ecuting attorney will sustain the charge. He will undertake to do it thus: Seventh-day ob-servers not only follow the Bible in regard to the day of the Sabbath, but they also follow the scripture direction regarding the time of commencing and closing the Sabbath. The Bible directs that, " from even unto even, shall ye celebrate your sabbaths " (Lev. 23: 32); and then defines the evening to be at the setting of the sun (Mark 1: 32); but the law of Arkansas defines the day as beginning and ending at midnight. Therefore when Mr. Huddleston labored or made purchases after the setting of the sun on Saturday night after the Sabbath or seventh day of the Bible was  past, he was still laboring and making pur-chases on the seventh day of the law of Arkansas, and thereby failing to keep " any other day as the Sabbath," in the strict legal sense. To the fair-minded such petty persecution seems impossible, but as history abundantly shows there is no lengths to which the self-appointed avenger of what he may term a breach of God's law, will not go to accomplish his purpose. The trial is set for April 29, and the prose-cuting attorney promises to crowd the case on the lines here indicated. The spirit with which this will be done can be learned from a remark made by the prosecuting attorney to Mr. Huddleston, at their last interview, to the effect that Seventh-day Adventists were " a set of d d fools, who ought not to be allowed a place on the earth, but ought every one to be in hell." Meanwhile let Seventh-day Adventists man-ifest the spirit of the Master, " who, when he was reviled, reviled not again." Let them pray for their persecutors, for who knows but they are as honest as Paul who said: "I verily thought with myself, that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Naz-areth." Acts 26:9. " Bless them which persecute you : bless, and curse not." Rom. 12:14. Two Baptist papers have taken their stand with the Examiner in defense of the religious liberty principle violated in the imprisonment of seventh-day observers in Tennessee. These two papers are the Watchman (Boston) and the Indiana Baptist (Indianapolis). The first named speaks thus:Š It looks as if the Seventh-day Adventists would be driven out of Tennessee. Although judges and law-yers condemn the statutes under which several of their people were arraigned, convictions have followed. A number of them, refusing to pay the cost of their pros-ecution, have been committed to prison. The facts of the case, it is truly alleged, go to illustrate the truth of the words of Thomas Jefferson, that, where a bad law is on the statute books, " a single bigot may set the machinery of the law in motion, and better men be his victims." The Indiana Baptist quotes the above and follows it with this paragraph:Š We have little respect for the " arguments " by which the seventh-day advocates so persistently urge their peculiar views, but we do heartily sympathize with them in the persecution to which they are sub-jected by bigots. Roger Williams should be on earth again to teach even some Baptists that "the civil magistrate has no authority to punish breaches of the first table of the Decalogue." We are yet far from the recognition of the right of every man to perfect reli-gious liberty. What Baptist, paper will be the next to take the side of Roger Williams? We are keeping a roll of honor and will promptly record the first consistent utterances of those papers heretofore silent or the published repentance of those who have spoken for the persecutors. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. . Single copy, per year, - - . $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 Bond Street, New York City 