AMERICAN SENTINEL. 487 eteries will disappear, the crucifix of your schools will be soon gone, the dear ministers of God who have made you Christians and baptized you, and have absolved you so many times from your sins, and who have always tied you with the tie of holy matrimony, and who have ad-ministered consolation to you during your troubles and assisted you in your last moments and applied after death the suffrages of the Holy ChurchŠthese will soon disappear. "You will, perhaps, with heroic faith and valor, re-tain in your heart the Catholic faith as before and be more firm. Who knows? But what will become of your children, your most delicate sons and daughters, more especially after their parents have gone, and their lot has been cast amongst a Protestant nation, strange legisla tion, the culture, education and customs of Protestants and in full view of the propaganda of all their vices and errors. Ah, who knows by the time this century has elapsed there won't be any of those religious practices in Christian faith in this country, nor will there be any men who will even know how to make the sign of the cross of salvation on their breasts. "Poor Filipinos! unfortunate in this life and un-fortunate in the life eternal. Fortunately, dear Phil-ippine people, the roars of the cannon of the enemy and the cries of alarms which they have raised have awakened you to the sense of danger in which you are at present. As one man we know you are pre-paring yourselves to 'defend your country, and as carry-ing one harp raised to the heavens are your most urgent wishes for success. That is the only resource to salva-tion. You must all have recourse to arms and prayer at once. To arms, because the Spanish population, though extenuated and wounded in its patriotism, when defending its religion is capable of attempting the great-est hazards; to prayer, because victory is always given by God to those who have been tyrannized, but have jus-tice on their side. But not only the prayer nor the fight; the military forces and the virtue of God joined together; God will send his angels and his saints with us, and he will fight with so much force on our side with us. "But in order to make our prayer more in harmony and more efficacious we must have the prayer of the whole general public. To us the holy inspiration has come to dedicate the whole PhilippineArchipelago to the Holy Heart of Jesus, and offer him when we see we are free from these tribulations some exceptional act of de- votion which will be performed on the coming 17th of June if it is possible, and if it is not possible on that day at some other more opportune time. And besides this private consecration, on the first Friday of the previous month, in order to show the God by the Holy Mesa dedi- cated to the holy body of Jesus Christ we are not alone working in our name or in the name of the prelates of other dioceses, we will be assisted by the governor gene- ral, who is as firm a Christian as he is a prudent patriot and military chief, in order to offer to God triumph through the medium of Spain. And thus we shall inter- pret the wishes of the mass of the population of these islands, who are so devoted in their religious faith, and invoke the intercession of the patron saints of this coun- try and principally the queen of all the virgins, the holy rozary in the sincerest hope of absolution from sin this consecration and offer to God, we give you our holy children our best benediction in the name of the Father, etc. [Then follows 'the special prayer and instructions to parish priests.] "For the salvation of the volunteers who have taken up arms against the Americans every battalion of volun-teers shall be provided with a special chaplain, who will have full faculties of administration of the spiritual offi-ces of the church. Full power will also be granted these chaplains to hold public services in military camps, and they are also to be authorized to grant absolution from sin." A. T. J. Charles Dickens on Sunday Legislation. From " Sunday' Under Three Heads," by Chas. Dickens. Published by Peter Eckler Co., New York City. [Tax following from the pen of the great English author is part of a communication addressed to the Bishop of London, in June, 1836, upon the occasion of a Parliamentary bill providing for strict Sunday legis-lation, which was defeated in the House of Commons by only thirty-two votes. Dickens here depicts Sunday as it would be made by the operation of proposed " Sab-bath" laws.] The provisions of the bill introduced into the House of Commons by Sir Andrew Agnew, and thrown out by that house on the motion for the second reading, on the 18th of May in the present year, by a majority of 32, may very fairly be taken as a test of the length to which the fanatics, of which the honorable Baronet is the dis-tinguished leader, are prepared to go. No test can be fairer; because while on the one hand this measure may be supposed to exhibit all that improvement which ma-ture reflection and long deliberation may have sug-gested, so on the other it' may very reasonably be in-ferred, that if it be quite as severe in its provisions, and to the full as partial in its operation, as those which have preceded it, and experienced a similar fate, the dis-ease under which the honorable Baronet and his friends labor, is perfectly hopeless, and beyond the reach of cure. The proposed enactments of the bill are briefly these: All work is prohibited on the Lord's day, under heavy penalties, increasing with every repetition of the offense. There are penalties for keeping shops openŠpenalties for drunkennessŠpenalties for keeping open houses of entertainmentŠpenalties for being present at any public meeting or assemblyŠpenalties for letting carriages, and penalties for hiring themŠpenalties for traveling in steamboats, and penalties for taking passengersŠpenal-ties on vessels commencing their voyage on SundayŠpenalties on the owners of cattle who suffer them to be driven on the Lord's dayŠpenalties on constables who refuse to act, and penalties for resisting them when they do. In addition to these trifles, the constables are in- vested with arbitrary, vexatious, and most extensive powers; and all this in a bill which sets out with a hypocritical and canting declaration that "nothing is more acceptable to God than 'the true and sincere wor- 