356 THE AMERICAN  SENTINEL. and that under these and similar laws Mary Dyer, William Robinson, Marmaduke Stevenson, and William Leddra were hanged, while others, men and women, were whipped, branded, and maimed. "The impartial examination of this record shows that the question back of it was that of the difference between liberty of conscience' and license.' The political principle asserted was the absolutism of the majority to decide where liberty ends and license begins. This principle is still practically asserted in our politicsŠeven in our constitutions made for the express purpose of denying the existence of absolute or inherent right in the majority. And it is curious that these expressions, wherever found, relate to mat-ters of religion. The constitutions adopted dur-ing the first fifty years of the Union tend more and more towards that of Virginia, in which there is no qualification whatever of Roger Williams' declaration that it is the duty of mag-istrates to restrain crimes, not to control opinions. " The rise of Mormonism in the West checked this tendency and caused a reaction towards the opinion that the majority is absolute judge of what is or what is not religious license. The opinion is expressed in the constitutional qualifi-cation that 'liberty of conscience shall not be so Ł construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness, nor to justify practices inconsistent with the good order, peace, or safety of the State.' "This limitation is inserted in American con-stitutions of most recent adoption. It may, there-fore, be called the more modern view of religious liberty in distinction from the unqualified declara-tion of the old Virginia bill of rights, but it must not be forgotten that it is precisely the view of the practical assertion of which the Puritans have been so generally condemned. It makes the public opinion of the majority the judge of what constitutes 'licentiousness,' and endangers society. The Puritans thought that it endangered society for the Quakers to be 'moved by the spirit' to speak from the benches in church. They considered all acts inconsistent with their own views of liberty as nothing more than licen-tiousness, dangerous to civil peace and religious order. " While we retain their theory, it is inconsist-ent to condemn their practice. It is unwise, be-cause it is untruthful, to, assert that we have out-grown their theory when we revive it and embody it in our constitutions and bills of rights, where ,it is only innocuous for lack of an issue to vivify it with the strength of a persecuting public opinion." There is a danger and a difficulty, as intimated by the Republican. But is it not possible to draw the line at a point where it' will neither trench upon the rights of conscience nor endanger the well-being Of the State ? It certainly is possible. "We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent,Šthat all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain un-alienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness ; that to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men." These words from the immortal Declaration of Independence set forth the only proper function of civil government, namely, to secure to all their natural or " inalienable " rights. To this end the weak must be protected from the' aggressions of the strong, the person, property, and reputation of rich and poor must be alike guarded; but here proper government  ends; civil law can of right go no further. But it may be asked, Is it not within the province of civil law to forbid and punish adultery, and to pro-hibit prostitution? Certainly it is, but only be-cause these things cannot be practiced without infringing upon the rights of some whom the government is bound to protect. Adultery is a violation of the marriage contract; therefore it is not only the right, but it is the duty, of the State to forbid and to punish it. Likewise fornica-tion imposes upon the community criminals and paupers, besides unnameable evils ; therefore the State must forbid and punish it. It has been truly said that "liberty is a circle bounded on every side by the rights of others," and when anyone oversteps those bounds it is the province of the government to restrain him, but not other- , wise. Georgia's Sunday Law. SUNDAY-OBSERVANCE laws are most often heard of in connection with the retailing of liquors and other merchandise. While they have some influ-ential support upon theological grounds, it seems probable that with the mass of citizens the chief idea is to guard against practices tending to gen-eralize Sunday labor. It will be well then that the 'operation of these laws should be scrutinized with reference to the different principles indi-cated. A case has been reported from Georgia where a laboring man was convicted of digging a ditch on Sunday to carry off the foul water from his cellar. .A preacher was the complaining witness or instigator of the prosecution, and the culprit was sentenced to a year's imprisonment and to serve in the chain-gang. If the facts are anywhere near correctly reported there is no question what the verdict of public opinion must be upon such a case. It strongly illustrates what may be called unchristian Christianity, and be-comes a proper subject of remark for the secular press, because the civil law is the force brought into action. So far as special religious beliefs are interwoven in the texture of society, they receive such recog-nition as appertains to civil order, the prevention of offense, and shock to the feelings of persons, and the avoidance of commotions and marked ill feelings which produce social and public discord. If not at this line where shall the limit of State authority in religious matters be fixed, assuming that the American people are well determined to respect the principle of religious liberty where they perceive it? From an evangelical stand-point a large toleration of Sabbath freedom should be the sincere desire of every Christian. The Pharisees made much of Sabbath observances, but the founder of Christianity reproved them by example and question, asking which of them would not take his ox out of the ditch on the Sabbath. It would seem that the Christian spirit would always seek to recognize a right motive where such might exist. No matter if the preacher would not make a drain on Sunday, he should be able to concede that his neighbor might have a good conscience in doing sot To prosecute one who does a good work and does it with a good conscience is to out-rage humanity, disgrace religion, and bring into disrepute the creed of the prosecutor. The in-spiration for such prosecution is bigotry. But if' the law lends itself to bigotry the law is wrong. It cannot undertake to protect every feeling which alleges itself to be religious. If a Puritan is hurt to think that another enjoys a good din- ner on Sunday, that form of asceticism cannot be protected from sentimental shock, for the State will utterly refuse to go back to ascetic theology as a substitute for religious liberty in its polity, and Puritanism has rarely been that ,of Christian States. When such prosecutions and laws capable of such applications cannot be defended on Christian principles, and for the honor of the Christian churches and people, what shall be said of them in the light simply of the American constitutions, which are not distinctively Christian in any the-ological or ecclesiastical sense? This must be saidŠbecause it is surely felt by many citizens Šthat if such laws are to be applied with the senseless bigotry characterizing the Georgia case referred to, it will be necessary to dismiss the hope that ecclesiastics and justices can be relied upon to exhibit sound discretion, and the Sun-day laws must be overhauled and amended so as to render outrages of the character alluded to impossible occurrences for the future.Š Galves-ton Weekly News, November 14. Some Apparent Truths. "AMERICA is not the only country," says the Sunday School Times of October 24, "that is vexed and perplexed by the problem of religious education in public schools. France has been making an experiment in this matter, within the last half dozen years, that is well worth noting. In 1882 the law was passed completely with-drawing the public schools from the influence of the clergy, and substituting 'moral instruction' in the place of religious, without defining in de-tail what the authorities understood by such morality.' One of the features of the present exposition is a massive volume, compiled by the well-known Protestant theologian and dean of the Paris faculty, Dr. Fr. Lichtenberger,' from 558 official reports of school directors and in-spectors sent in, by order of the government, for the purpose of learning how the law has been working. The result is severely disappointing to the advocate of purely secular education and of the substitution of vague and general principles of morals for positive religion. It is impossible to systematize the answers given; but it is clear that endless confusion pre-vails as to what 'moral instruction' is, and that, in 'any shape or form, it cannot take the place of religious training. Positive Protestants, like Lichtenberger and Edmund de Pressense, ac-knowledge the failure of the secularization of the schools, but do not advocate a return to the old system, lest the Roman Catholic clergy be given once more the absolute control which they for-merly possessed. But Pressense in his Revue Chretienne declares that a morality not based upon a positive Christian foundation is absolutely valueless, and urges that this new 'moral instruc-tion' be banished from the schools; that the in-struction in general be made as moral as possible; that religious instruction be imparted outside of the regular school hours in the school buildings themselves; and that, in general, the training of the coming generation in the principles of Chris. tianity be advanced in every possible manner. It is exceedingly doubtful whether the authorities will take any steps in this direction." The Catholic Review of November 9 quotes this, and says, "Some truths that even the blind could see are rapidly coming home to Protest-ants." Certainly, and one of those truths which ought to be apparent, is that no system of educa- 