188 CAN SMNTrr VoL. 9. No. 24. the prophets who have spoken in the name of the Lord, for an example of suffering affliction, and of patience. Jas. 5: 7-10. God's people will not at this time be found engaged in any Coxey movement, nor in any appeal to force. They will heed the admonition : " Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish." But ." God executeth judgment for the oppressed ; " therefore, "strengthen ye the weak hands and confirm the feeble knees. Say to them that are of a fearful heart, Be strong, fear not : behold, your God will come with vengeance, even God with a recompense; he will come and save you. Then the eyes of the blind shall be opened, and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped. Then shall the lame man leap as an hart, and the tongue of the dumb sing; for in the wilderness shall waters break out, and streams in the desert. And the parched ground shall become a pool, and the thirsty land springs of water : in the hab-itation of dragons, where each lay, shall be grass with reeds and rushes. And a highway shall be there, and a way, and it shall be called the way of holiness; the unclean shall not pass over it; but it shall be for those: the wayfaring men, though fools, shall not err therein. No lion shall be there, nor any ravenous beast shall go up thereon, it shall not be found there; but the redeemed shall walk there : and the ransomed of the Lord shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlast-ing joy upon their heads: they shall ob-tain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away." Isa. 35: 5-10. But this will never be brought about by the so-called Commonweal. The inhu-manity of labor toward labor shows that unrenewed and unregenerate human na-ture is not different in the poor man from what it is in the rich man; and if the wealth of the world were to-morrow given to the toiling millions, and the implements of industry were put into the hands of those who are now rich, oppression would not cease. Human nature would assert itself as it does now, and the hand of oppression would speedily be as heavy as it is to-day. The only purpose that can be served by the religious phase of the Coxey movement will be to excite reli-gious fanaticism, cause the Coxey "sol-dier " to imagine himself an instrument of vengeance in God's hand, and so remove the influences of Christianity which have hitherto restrained men., and fill the land with violence in the name of Christ. Legal Religion in Representative and Peopie. paragraph :Š AN exchange contains the following The strong arm of the civil authority was invoked in the cause of the Lord at Maysville, Ky., April 9th. A proclamation was issued by the mayor, requesting that all places of business be closed each day during the holding of revival meetings, from 10 o'clock until noon, and from 7 until 9 in the evening. The Lord's agents must be getting desperate over in Kentucky. When a community is commanded by proclamation of its mayor to drop all business and go to church, it Is about time to inquire by what authority the mayor acts, and if there is a law inŁthat State compelling church attendance. The authorities of Maysville seem to think it necessary to carry the idea of civil interference in religion quite to its limit, in order to uphold the good name of Ken-tucky in the present crisis of representa- Live immorality under which it is suffer-ing. It should be borne in mind that it was by just such measures as this by which the representative, whose disgrace they deplore, strove to uphold the totter- ing of his public character. There is always sure to be something wrong at the heart when civil authority is invoked to sustain or " protect," or further, reli-gion. Let the civil authorities of Mays- and of Kentucky, stop and think before they follow the example of their silver-tongued deceiver whether or no their act does not cause, and strive to cover, the same impurity between Church and State. The Condition of the Religious Bills in Congress. AT present the different religious bills before Congress are resting quietly in the several committees to which they have been assigned. The Sunday bill for the District of Columbia has received, in this Congress, more extended notice than when previously introduced, having been re-ferred from the Committee on the District to the district commissioners and by them to the attorney for the District, who re-ported unfavorably upon it; the bill was returned to the committee with his report, and it is understood will not receive further consideration this session. The national " Bill for Sunday Rest," introduced by Senator Kyle and referred to the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, is not expected to receive further attention from that committee. The religious amendment to the Consti-tution, for the insertion of a religious phrase in the preamble to the Constitu-tion, is not looked upon with favor in the judiciary committees and is not likely to be brought into public notice at present. As an offset to the different measures for the strict enforcement of Sunday ob-servance in the District of Columbia and elsewhere throughout the jurisdiction of Congress, Mr. Durborow, of Illinois, has introduced in the House a joint resolution requiring the opening to the public of the Smithsonian Institution, the National Mu-seum, the Botanical Gardens, and the Washington Monument on Sunday, as well as for two hours longer during every day, and also for certain evenings during the week. The basis for this is the dis-satisfaction long existing and expressed by the many thousands of government employ4s, who are debarred by the present regulations from any advantage from these institutions. The measure as introduced on May 28, is as follows :Š Joint resolution to instruct the officers in th'arge to keep the Smithsonian Institution, the National Museum, the Botanical Gardens, and the Washing-ton Monument open on every week day from nine antemeridian to six postmeridian, and on Sundays from nine antemeridian to four postmeridian, and on not less than three evenings every week from seven to ten o'clock. Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the officers in charge of the Smithsonian Institu-tion, the National Museum, the Botanical Gardens, and the Washington Monument be, and hereby are, instructed to keep those properties open to the public on every week day from nine antemeridian to six postmeridian, and on Sunday from nine antimeridian to four postmeridian, and on not less than three even-ings every week from seven to ten o'clock. The resolution was referred to the Com-mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds. It may be that the result of this will be to stir up again the heat of religious discus- sion which would seem to have cooled in the presence of the critical, political, eco-nomic, and social conditions which confront the country and necessarily force them-selves upon the attention of its representa-tives to the exclusion, at present, of those matters which are derivative and second-ary in their character. The expression of religious delusion which is at the moment most prominent in Washington, as well as elsewhere in various parts of the country, is that strange mixture of politics and reincarna-tion represented by the Coxey Army movement. Yet, however strange, un-couth and uncanny, this seems it is di-rectly allied with the religious error of the religious bills before Congress and their promoters and supporters. All this is an expression of the same delusion vary-ing in form according to the grade of society and the condition of intellectual development from which it arises. W. H. McKEE. Washington, D. C. The Breckinridge-Morse District Sun-day Bill. [The following is the conclusion of a brief presented before the House Committee on the District of Colum-bia, by W. H. McKee, attorney for the Religious Lib-erty Association, on the occasion of the hearing on the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, Jan. 6, 1891. It is just as applicable to the Morse Sunday bill for the District, now before the Commis-sioners for the District and the House Committee.] SUNDAY laws, and the whole line of re-ligious legislation which goes in the same category, are alien to the letter of Ameri-can fundamental law and to the spirit of American institutions. They are a survival of the English Church establishment, and should not have existed after the Declar-ation of Independence and the adoption of the Constitution any more than the laws governing the control of livings, and the maintenance of the Church of England. They have rightly no more place in our statute book than have laws for the regu-lation of the royal succession. But the legal and judicial indolence of bar and bench has permitted this alien brood an entrance into our statute books through precedent and not principle. And the precedent can be relied upon, in every case, to prove its principle wrong. A clause of Article Fourteen of the amendments to the Constitution says that "`.no State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-munities of citizens of the United States;" but, when " legislating for the District of Columbia, Congress is bound by the pro-hibitions of the Constitution ;" and, as otherwise expressed, it is the purpose of this Government to defend the personal rights and privileges of all its citizens, that, as the preamble states, the blessings Hof liberty may be secured to ourselves and to our posterity. Yet, suppose for a mo-ment that you are able to divest yourselves of the religious heredity acquired since your ancestors first heard Sunday preached, and you proceed upon a civil basis entirely. How far may you, as legislators, proceed in this special legislation without trench-ing upon individual and absolute rights ? To determine that, let us go back again to the source from which legislative authority is derived,Šthe people. A citizen holds the right and title to his life in fee-simple. Of what is a man's life composed ?ŠThreescore years and ten, or more, if by reason of strength he may 