244 Am1nrc..4 griNirrITNV,L.., VoL. 8, No. 31. point of view. I consider your argument a surren-der of the whole religious question. Several paragraphs of the Advocate's reply are so good that we give them :-- The question between us is, then, not whether the Sabbath should be religiously observed, but whether such observance should be enforced by the civil govern-ment. Without the slightest hesitation we say no, and this for various reasons: "1. Civil government has a distinct sphere, that of protecting all its citizens in life, liberty and the pursuit of happi-ness. Whenever it attempts more than this it gets beyond its appointed bounds. " 2. If civil government is under obli-gation to support one institution of reli-gion, as such, then is it not equally under obligation to support every other on the same ground ? Granted the premises, and there is no escape from this conclusion; and yet there is no man, we suppose, who would be bold enough to insist that the conclusion is sound. " 3. Governmental support for the in-stitutions of religion implies governmen-tal control. The whole history of the past proves this assertion. If the Church insists on being propped up by " the powers that be," it must submit to be gov-erned by them. "4. Nor do the foregoing considerations present the strongest view of the case. We go still farther and declare that it is impossible for the State to enforce the religious observance of the Sabbath. Re-ligion is essentially a thing of motives, whereas the State has to do only with out-ward actions. Can the State make men pray ? Can the State make men worship God ? Only religious men can keep the Sabbath in a religious way; and vast numbers of our citizens are not religious, and do not pretend to be. " All these errors grow out of the mis-taken notion that the State is bound to labor directly for securing every possible good thing. But the fact is that there are many good things that the State is helpless to secure and ought not to at-tempt. God has provided other agencies for gaining them. We fear that many believers in Christ have lost the robust faith and courage that in earlier days made their brethren `mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds,' and are inclined to go down to a secular Egypt for the help that can come only from the living God." More Sunday Closing. IN the Battle Creek, Mich., Daily Journal, of July 7, is the following Homer is enforcing Sunday closing, an attempt having been made to prevent even milk peddlers from doing business on that day. All places of business were closed last Sunday save the drug stores and markets and these were open but a short time. Homer is about twenty-six miles from Battle Creek. A gentleman writes from the South:Š They have closed up all places of business in Asheville, N. C., on Sunday, and have fixed the penalty for violation at $50. Nor is the nefarious work confined to the United States, as is shown by the fol-lowing clipping from the Port-of-Spain Gazette, Island of Trinidad, of June 7th:Š The members of the C. E. Union will, at their next meeting, discuss the question of Sunday clos-ing in the Island. Resolutions will be passed in regard to the movement. Friends desirous of hear-ing the discussion are welcome. The meeting will be held. . . . on Thursday the 8th instant, at 8.00 P. M. What is the meaning of this spontaneous out-cropping of the spirit of bigotry in so many different portions, not only on the continent, but even in the islands of the sea ? Though each seems to be independ-ent of the other, without any concerted action at All, does it not show that one and the same spirit is behind it all ? And is it not the spirit which had already begun to work in Paul's day, which begets in those whom it deceives " pleasure in unright- eousness " ? W. E. HOWELL. Rhode Island Sunday Agitation. THE cry for a union of religion with the civil government is becoming very wide- spread; being heard even in Rhode Island the State which of all the States should be the last one to seek such a union, having for its founder Roger Williams, who fled from the persecutions of the Massachu-setts theocracy in the midst of winter to Providence, there to set up a government in which religious freedom might be en-joyed by all, and Church and State gov-ernment might be kept forever separate. But lo ! and behold, the following by the President of Brown University, a Baptist by profession, in a speech at Peace Dale, R. I., last March, reported in the Narragan-sett Times, from which we copy:Š From time immemorial we have been taught by men who meant to teach us right, a certain artifi-cial separation between what is known as religious and what is known as secular. . . . Now I take it, that that doctrine, carried to the extreme at any rate, is prejudicial to society. It is untrue from a strictly religious point of view, and it is most dele-terious from a civil and social point of view. . . . In the seventeenth century Roger Williams came to this country with these false notions, relatively false notions as compared with those they sup-planted, but still false notions. Thus President Andrews teaches that a total separation of " what is known as re-ligious and what is known as secular, is prejudicial to society, and is untrue and wrong from a religious and social point of view." What better papal doctrin a could be taught than this? Would the Pope ask anything different ? Moreover he says that Roger Williams' idea of this entire separa-tion of Church and State or " what is known as religious and what is known as secular," was wrong. That his "notions were false notions relatively false." Then here is a man coming to the front as an educationalist, a politican, and a religious teacher in this State who declares that the principle of religious liberty for which Roger Williams suffered and which he es-tablished at the risk of his own life, and for the benefit of his posterity ever after, as well as for himself, was wrong. Thus the principle laid down in the Bill of Rights of the State. of Rhode Island, which reads as follows, is wrong also :Š WHEREAS, Almighty God has created the mind free, and all attempts to influence it by temporal punishment, or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness; and, WHEREAS, A principal object of our venerated ancestors, in their migration to this country and their settlement of this State, was, as they expres-sed it, to hold forth a lively experiment that a flourishing civil State might stand and be best maintained with full liberty in religious concern-ments ; . . . and.that every man shall be free to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science and to profess, and by argument to main-tain, his opinion in matters of religion ; and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect his civil capacity. And President Andrews would have a man's religious faith affect his civil capac-ity, because he says the teaching of Roger Williams and others was wrong on this point. Thus we see that his views of the  relation between civil government and re-ligion when carried to their legitimate conclusions would carry him right over to the Papacy. This is all in accordance with National Reform ideas. Make the State dependent upon religion and religion upon the State. And now along comes a petition from Protestant and Catholic clergymen asking the State to render assistance in the en-forcement of a town ordinance,on religious grounds :Š The East Providence Town Council met on the afternoon of July 5, and took action on the petition from clergymen and others in relation to Sunday amusements at the shore resorts. Almost all the clergymen of the town, in eluding Rev. Father Harty, of the Church of the Sacred Heart, were present and spoke in support of the petition against Sunday desecration. The following is the petition as pre-sented to Mayor Potter :Š WHEREAS, During last summer at some of the shore resorts along the Providence River and else-where in the State, base ball games, theatrical exhi-bitions, Wild West shows and other performances were openly given on Sundays for pay and for profit, in open violation of the laws of Rhode Is-land; and WHEREAS, Intoxicating liquor was sold in abun-dance upon many of the excursion steamers and at many of these shore resorts last summer, contrary to the laws of Rhode Island; and WHEREAS, These violations of the State laws drew together on Sunday such disorderly crowds of people as to endanger the life, health and morals of our citizens, and these shore resorts thereby be-came schools of iniquity for the training of youths into ways of dis=ipation and vice; and WHEREAS, Such unlawful conduct and proceed-ings are creating for this State an unenviable repu-tation far and wide; and WHEREAS, Such conduct and proceedings are distasteful and offensive to the great mass of moral and law-abiding people of this State, and are not only contrary to law and tend to a contempt and violation of all law, but are subversive of all those sacred traditions and principles upon which this Nation was founded, and to which she owes much of her marvellous prosperity under the guidance of Almighty God ; and WHEREAS, It is not our intention to ask for the special enforcement of such laws as would lead to the distinctively religious observance of the day, however desirable such enforcement might be: Therefore we, the undersigned, ministers of the various churches, and citizens of the State of Rhode Island, desiring to prevent the desecration of the Lord's day, and to hand it down inviolate to our posterity, do hereby humbly petition the Mayor and Aldermen of Providence, and the Town Councils of East Providence, Barrington, Cranston and Warwick, and the sheriffs of Providence and Kent Counties, that they will use special and extraordin-ary measures to prevent a repetition of the above specified illegal and vicious practices during the coming season, and the same your humble petition-ers will ever pray. That this petition is wholly in the inter-ests of religious legislation is apparent on the face of it, although the framers of it say, " It is not our intention to ask for the special enforcement of such laws as would lead to the distinctively religious observance of the day, however desirable such enforcement might be." If this peti-tion aimed at the well being of all the peo-ple both physically and mentally and for the safety of the State, that its inhabitants might become " law-abiding " citizens, the " schools of iniquity " be stopped, and the "health and morals" of the people be promoted, why did they not ask that the drinking saloons, Wild Wegt shows and other things that promote these great evils be closed on other days as well as on Sundays ? Is it not just as bad to get drunk on Monday and disregard the State law as on Sunday ? and would not the selling of liquor which makes people disorderly, be just as bad on Wednes-day as on Sunday ? and if " base ball games, theatrical exhibitions, Wild West shows and other performances " are " schools of iniquity for the training of youths into the ways of dissipation and 