264 AMERICAN SEN TINEL. THE Bishop of London has spoken in condemnation of the Sunday newspaper innovation in England. He urges churchmen to withdraw their subscriptions from all papers publishing Sunday editions. * * * EX-PRESIDENT HARRISON recently, in reply to the proposition of the Christian Endeavor Society for a "war against war, and peace by arbitration," said the f ollowing:Š " For myself, and much more for the great body of its citizenship, I express the desire of America for peace with the whole world. It would have been vain to sug-gest the pulling down of block houses or family disarma-ment to the settlers on a hostile Indian frontier. They would have told you rightly that the conditions were not ripe. And so it may be, and is, probably, true that a full application of the principle is not presently possi-ble, the devil still being unchained." THE conditions will be ripe, then, when the devil shall have been chained. But to chain the devil for the world at,  arge is more than the Christian Endeavor or any other society, religious or secular, can accomplish. The Scriptures tell how this will finally be done (Rev. 20:1-3); but under the present order of things there can be only banishment of the devil from the individual heart, and that by the power of God. * * MR. HARRISON might have added no less truthfully that in the Christian warfare, such as all Christian so-cieties are supposed to wage, there can be no "peace by arbitration." * * IN a letter written home by an American sailor at Samoa, where American and English ships of war have been acting in concert against hostile natives, this inter-esting statement is made:Š "When the 'Porpoise' left for the point our band played 'God Save the Queen' and their band played 'The Star-Spangled Banner,' and cheers were given and re-turned with a will. The Americans and English are like brothers. The captain of the 'Porpoise' came aboard our ship and grasped Admiral Kautz by the hand, say-ing, 'Well, Admiral, this is the first time that America  and England have ever fought together, and I am proud of it.' * * "THE first time that America and England ever fought together," may well be looked upon as an occa-sion of importance; and doubly so, in view of the cir-cumstances which now logically bind America and Eng-land together as imperial powers. * * A MILWAUKEE (Wis.) court has decided that "a note given on Sunday for a church donation is valid, although a note given on that holy day for any other purpose would be void." This ought to be satisfactory to the advocates of a religious state; though it is another il-lustration of the fact that in acting for the benefit of re-ligion the state never pays much attention to logic. SEVEN thousand of the English clergy, of whom thirty are bishops, are said to be supporters of the Romeward movement in the Chtirch of England. They are pledged to support vestments, lights, incense, wafers, eastward position, and mixed chalice. IT is asserted by persons claiming to be familiar with the facts underlying the situation in Samoa, that the contest between the rival native rulers represents a con-test between Catholics and Protestants for the suprem-acy; Mataafa being a Catholic, and Malietoa, whom the American and English forces favor, being a convert of the London Missionary Society. * * IT has been discovered that there is a Mormon chap-lain in the United States army, Elias Kimball by name. He was commissioned in July of last year;  but, says the Christian Advocate, in making note of the case, "the department did not know that he was a Mormon up to the time of his appointment" and for some weeks after-ward. The inference is that if the department had known it, Mr. Kimball would not have been appointed; and the Advocate is much surprised at this "official rec-ognition of Mormonism as a r&ligion." But why is not Mormonism as much entitled to recognition from the Government as any other religion? Why are not the Utah regiments in the army as much entitled to a Mor-mon chaplain as are the Maryland regiments to a Cath-olic chaplain? IF the Government would refuse to appoint and pay any army chaplain, but leave this matter entirely to the management of the various churches, it would be much to the advantage of the soldiers and helpful to the cause of peace between the churches. 