MAY 3, 1894. A,AMIEIT CAIN-  SiEN-91.11INT 141 to the taxes due from any other similar lot or building. Let any one attempt to interfere with these vested rights and he will soon learn that such is also the view of those who now set up a fraudulent claim to exemption. Again, this building and property is used for concerts, lectures and bazaars to make money, not for the community that grants the exemption, but for the sake of those who use the particular building, for payment of the pastor's salary, the ex penses of heating, lighting, etc., the fur-nishing of more elegant carpets or up-holstery, a new organ or other articles of pleasure or luxury. By all means, religion should be free, untrammeled and untaxed, but not the structures that men rear for the gratifica-tion of their taste, for comfort or individ-ual opinion. In this advocacy we have not in mind any sect or denomination, but hold the principle universally true, from the humble "upper room" of the brethren to the lofty and imposing cathedral. . . . One often reads of the wealth of this or that church; what does this mean ? Why simply that a number of wealthy individ-uals compose its membership and give lib-erally of their means for its maintenance. They also contribute liberally to their political club or party, to musical and other societies. Why are the latter con-tributions, or the investment of them, subject to taxation and the former not ? The fact of a custom being ancient is no proof that the custom is right, in fact all history is but a protest and struggle against hoary custom, and in proportion as a na-tion throws off the incubus of custom, merely as such, does it progress. Radical-ism usually consists in viewing an old truth from a new standpoint. The view that exemption from taxation is unjust, is but the application of the ordinary prin-ciples of equity, and such a broadening of the horizon as to include within its sweep more than had formerly been the case.ŠAmerican Standard. Ignorance or Malice, Which? A SEMI-WEEKLY paper, called The Bugle Horn, published at Salamanca, New York, notices an address, delivered in the town hall of Salamanca, by a Seventh-day Adventist minister, and makes this edito- rial comment :Š If the Seventh-day Adventists were as strong in America to-day as Romanism, there would be more oppression and more overthrow of law than there is under present conditions. At least they wish to have everything their own way now, and they are a small people numerically. At the National Reform Convention held at College Springs, Iowa, March 13 and 14, a speaker Rev. T. P. Robb, of Linton, Iowa, is reported as saying of Seventh-day Adventists :Š They are entirely dependent upon their almanac ; for their Sabbath begins exactly at six o'clock. . . . Adventists were the loudest clamorers for Sunday opening of the World's Fair. In most respects they are honest, conscientious, law-abiding citizens, but they are doing all in their power to break down our Sabbath and institute theirs. Does not this man know the difference between the Bible and the almanac ? Does he not know what the biblical divi-sion of time is,Šhas he not read, " And the evening and the morning were the first day ? " Does he not know that Seventh-day Adventists. have no more need of an almanac to remind them of the approach of the Sabbath than did Adam and Eve ? If this man does not know that, according  to the natural order established at creation, the day begins at sunset and ends at the following sunset, he would do well to read the first few verses of the first chapter of Genesis,Šand if he does not know, that, following this division of time, Seventh-day Adventists observe the Sabbath from the setting of the sun to the setting sun, he would do well to become acquainted with and observe their practice before speaking with such assurance. That " Seventh-day Adventists were the loudes, clamorers for Sunday opening of the World's Fair," is another misstate-ment, as marked and inexcusable as the previous. It shows that this man pre-sumes to publicly judge a people and de-fine to the world their positions without having taken the least trouble to inform himself what their positions are. That is, he sets up a man of straw, gives it a bad name, attaching to that the title Seventh-day Adventist, and then takes great credit to himself for publicly knocking it down. Every man who is sufficiently well in-formed on these matters to warrant his expressing himself, even in private con-versation, knows that no one who intelli-gently opposes legislation upon religious subjects and legal compulsion in the ob-servance of religious forms, ever clamored for Sunday opening of the World's Fair. There is a vast difference between the attitude of those who strove to close the Wor'd's Fair on Sunday by congressional enactment, by statute, by the policeman's club, and were even anxious to invoke the bay onet,Šand the position of those who declare that none of these have any au-thority in the matter, either to open or close, but that it was a matter of individ-ual responsibility to God, whether as an exhibitor, each should close his exhibit or open it, whether he should work, or rest, or play, or worship, and that in this nothing could rightfully govern but each man's own personal free will. Mr. Robb continues his strange misrep-resentation by saying, " they are doing all in their power to break down our Sab-bath and institute theirs. What does Mr. Robb mean by saying such a thing as this? Mr. Robb may claim Sunday as his Sabbath if he choose,Šit certainly is not God's Sabbath. Seventh-day Adventists do not claim that the seventh day is their Sabbath,Štheir claim is that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord, in conso-nance with the words of the command-ment; and they are not "doing all in their power to institute theirs." They observe the Lord's Sabbath instituted by him at creation and needing not to be instituted or even defended by any man,Šonly obeyed. The seventh day is not the Sabbath of the Seventh-day Adventists, but the Sab-bath of the Lord,Šthey did not institute it and do not strive to institute it, Šthey only obey and go forth to preach the gospel to all the world. If Sunday, the first day of the week, is Mr. Robb's Sab-bath, no man has any authority to deprive him of his choice, his only contest is with the God who says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The same spirit which influences the Iowa minister animates the editor of the Bugle Horn, and his misconceptions and misrepresentations are similar. If his supposition were realized, and were cor- rect, that " the Seventh-day Adventists were as strong in America to-day as Romanism " and from them there should result "more oppression and more over- throw of law than there is under present Tonditions," that would simply prove that they had forsaken the principles of the gospel which they now preach, and were no longer filled with the love of God and man which they now advocate. No better thing could be done for the spiritual well-being of the editor of the Bugle Horn than to give him a commis-sion to search throughout the world for one Seventh-day Adventist whom his de-scription will cover. He would learn, as they have learned, not to wish to have everything his way, but God's own way. He would learn, as they have, that to love God, and one's neighbor as oneself, is not to usurp the prerogatives of God and assume to control the religious life of one's neighbor,Šbut that love of God is shown by glad obedience, in all simplicity, to his word; and love to man by doing unto others as we would be done by, and defending and protecting the rights of others as we would that they should defend and protect ours. W. H. M. The Breckinridge-Morse Sunday Bill. IN the Fifty-first Congress, January 6, 1890, W. C. P. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, introduced in the House of Representatives this bill:Š A BILL To prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday. Be it enacted fry the Senate and House of Represen-tatives of the United States of America, in Congress as. sembled, That it shall be unlawful for any person' os corporation, or employe of any person or corporation in the District of Columbia, to perform any secular labor or business, or to cause the same to be performed by any person in their employment on Sunday, except works of necessity or mercy; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or services performed or rendered in violation of this act. Any person or corporation, or employe of any person or corporation in the District of Columbia, who shall violate the provisions of this act, shall, upon convic-tion thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than one hundred dollars for every such offense; Provided however, That the provisions of this act shall not be construed to apply to any person or persons who con-scientiously believe in and observe any other day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest. Again, in the Fifty-second Congress, Mr. Breckinridge reintroduced the same bill. Now again, in the Fifty-third Congress, Mr. Morse, of Massachusetts, has intro-duced a similar bill, in the following terms :Š A BILL To protect the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, as a day of rest and worship in the Dis-trict of Columbia. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-atives of the United States of America in Congress as-sembled, That on the first day of the week, known as the Lord's day, set apart by general consent in accord-ance with divine appointment as a day of rest and worship, it shall be unlawful to perform any labor, except works of necessity and mercy and work by those who religiously observe Saturday, if performed in such a way as not to involve or disturb others; also to open places of business or traffic, except in the case of drug stores for the dispensing of medicines; also to make contracts or transact other commercial busi-ness; also to engage in noisy amusements or amuse-ments for gain, or entertainments for which admittance fees are charged; also to join in public processions, except funerals, which last shall not use music; also to perform any court service, except in connection with arrests of criminals and service of process to pre-vent fraud. Sec. 2. That the penalty for violating any provision of this Act shall be a fine of not less than ten dollars for the first offense; for second or subsequent offenses, a fine not exceeding fifty dollars and imprisonment for not less than ten nor snore than thirty days, and one year's forfeiture of license, if any is held by the offender or his employer. Sec. 3. That this Act shall take effect upon its pas-sage. This bill the House Committee on the 