UFoikl.A' MORALREFORM3 "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS>  AND BELIEVE NOT, T JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 2, 1899. NUMBER 5. THE " Sabbath of the Lord" has nothing to gain by being Ameri-canized. THE result of "moral reform" by force is always reform back-wards. TRUTH depends upon its power to convict peo-ple; error always wants to employ force. POLITICAL "pull" for the church is a pull that opens her doors to political hypocrites a n d knaves THERE are some men in the pulpits who seem to imagine that a diploma from a theological seminary is a certificate of their ability to man-age both the spiritual and the temporal affairs of their fellows. CIVIL GOVERNMENT AS IT WOULD BE UNDER THE "REFORM BUREAU," AT WASHINGTON. A "REFORM BUREAU" has been set up at the seat of the national Government, for the purpose of introducing moral issues into national legislation, and instructing members of Congress how they must vote on the same. The central idea of this institution is that the clergy are pre-eminently qualified for statesmanship,Šthe same idea with which the papacy started in the early centuries. While they seek now to persuade, they would dictate if they had the power. Through the large reli-gious organizations with which these clerical "reformers" are in touch, they would control the popu-lar vote, and so shut out from Congress every person who could not show a certificate of moral char-acter issued by them; in other words, every person who would not declare his readiness to vote for religious legislation,Šwhich, of course, would not debar any knave who was not above being a hypocrite. It is time now if ever in the history of this nation, to bear in mind the warning words of Hon. Richard M, Johnson. in the U. S. Senate Report on Sunday Mails: "All religious despotism com-mences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequences." THE man who has a price for his conscience has no conscience that is worth buying. MORAL reform bylaw means let-ting go of the consciences of men to grasp for their ballots. THE self-made man is a vast improvement on the government-made man. Leg-islation can not give a man back-bone. A PRO FESSION of righteousness is not moral re-form, but it is all that can be se-cured for an in-dividual or a nation by law. THE man who cannot find the gospel in the Dec-laration of Inde-pendence has not yet found it as it is in the "Word of God. 