56 C.A.1NT VoL. 9, No. 7. NEW YORE, FEBRUARY 15, 1894. tar' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE National Reformers are pushing their " Christian " amendment vigorously. The 'House Judiciary Committee has granted a hearing on the Morse resolution, to begin March 13 and continue as long as the committee desires to hear on the sub-ject. The Senate committee has done nothing as yet, and immediate action is not probable. THE popish priest, " Rev. Father " Walter Elliott, of the Paulist " Fathers," who has recently returned from a " mis-sionary " tour of certain districts of the West, gives it as his decided opinion that " America will be converted and made a Catholic country." And why not? through the instrumentality of the whole National Reform combination the Government is already committed to papal principles. A Missoula paper says that " Ex-Priest McNamara, who lectured in Kansas City against Romanism and who was mobbed by hundreds of ruffians, has just been tried by the courts and sentenced to pay a fine of $500, and be confined in the county jail for one year." As we understand the matter the ex-priest's offense was exposing the abominations of Rome. And " this is the land of the free," and freedom of " speech and, of the preFs " is guaranteed by constitutional law, both State and na-tional! "PERU," says the Western Watchman, "has agreed to accept the pope's arbitra-tion in the matter of the boundary line between that country and Ecuador." The pope is reaching out after political influence wherever he can secure it. When one applied to the Saviour saying unto him, " Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me," Jesus answered, " Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you ?" but the pope, the professed vicar of Christ, is always ready to officiate in such a capacity. ON another page we publish an article from the New York Observer, on "Rome and the Schools." The Observer does not agree with the Independent that if the Roman Catholics " had the power to blot the public school system entirely out of existence and leave education to voluntary effort, they would not do so." The Ob-Server believes that "the prelates and priests of the Romish Church, would, if they could, blot out of existence our sys-tem, of public education," but that " there is no danger, provided Protestants do not  lapse into indifference." We cannot share this confidence. The schools must be wholly and consistently secular or they must eventually become sectarian. Indeed as between Romanists and Protestants very many of our public schools are now sectarian in that they give religious in-struction not common to both parties. Schools that use the King James Version of the Scriptures and Protestant hymns are to that extent Protestant, and strengthen the claims of the papists to a share of the school funds that they may maintain their separate schools. There is danger in " Protestant " inconsistency as well as in " Protestant " indifference. THE India Standard, published at Rut-lam, Central India, remarks The results of the Sunday opening at Chicago will aid in strengthening the Sabbath sentiment all over Europe, as well as in this country. Such items remind us that the worship of the beast is to be world-wide. SUNDAY, Nov. 19, 1893, the Pioneer, of Allahabad, India, contained the information that the president of the so-called " Cal-cutta Lord's Day Union had written to Captain Petley, Commander of the Cal-cutta Naval Volunteers, asking if it would be possible to arrange drill and maneuvers on some other day than Sunday." The commander returned an evasive reply. " THE State of Iowa has a whisky re-bellion on her hands," says the Voice, " and it is proposed that she end the re-bellion by conceding everything the rebels ask. Such advice is treason to the State. Let the rebels yield to the law of the State before any proposition to change it is even listened to." And yet thousands of Chris-tian people, in fact a whole denomination styling itself the " Christian Church," contends that man's rebellion against God was settled in just the way it is proposed to settle the whisky rebellion in Iowa, namely, by repealing the law. And why do they take such a position ?ŠSimply to get riu of the Sabbath of the Lord that they may exalt a man-made institution in its stead. THE Christian Statesman has always professed to favor exemption of Sabbath-keepers from the provisions of Sunday laws so far as private work was concerned, but now the mask is thrown off. In its issue of the 3rd inst., the Statesman quotes the Maryland Court of Appeals as follows : " The tendency of legislation in this country is to provide for further rest rather than to take away the day of rest that is welcomed by the industrial and hard-working people of our land ; " and then adds this comment : " Let all true re-formers encourage this tendency by assist-ing in a strict enforcement of our present statutes." This shows that the States-man's past professions have been mere hypocrisy; but Sabbath-keepers have not  asked exemption and.  do not expect even justice. They do, however, confidently expect final deliverance by the appearing of the Lord of the Sabbath. Welcome Tidings, published at Louis-ville, Ky., says that the Christian States-man, which "for many years has been one of the most powerful allies of the Roman Catholic Church in America," " openly confesses its own mistakes, and severing its union of purpose with Romanism for modeling constitutions and shaping legis-lation in the interest of the ecclesiastical power, now declares : ' The government that cherishes the papacy is cherishing a viper that will some day sting it to the heart.' " This is only partially true. The States-man, fired with jealousy at seeing Rome enter upon an inheritance of govern-mental power which it meant should be wielded in the interests of so-called Prot-estantism, denounced Rome, but made neither confession of past wrongs nor promises of future reformation. "Ephraim is joined to idols; let him alone." THE Boston Pilot boasts that "there are now twenty-one divisions of the Ancient Order of Hibernians in the single county of Suffolk, Mass., with an aggregate mem-bership of over 2,000." ARE the readers of the SENTINEL, with-out exception, helping to circulate that excellent number of the Religious Liberty Library, " Christ and the Pharisees; or, Christ's Faithfulness in Sabbath-Keep-ing " ? It is one of the best numbers yet published and ought to be read by every body. Price 5 cents. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York. THE Pacific Press still has on hand a few copies of the pamphlet, " The World in the Church; a Plain Statement of Facts," by Rev. John T. Sawyer, D.D., of the Louisiana Conference, of the Method-ist Episcopal Church South. This pamph-let is " an. appeal to Southern Methodists for a return to the ' old paths'." Of course incidentally it is a confession of the fallen condition of the churches. Price 25 cents. " THE Strike at Shane's," is a good book for those to read who have anything to do with animals. It is the sequel to " Black Beauty," and is published by the American Humane Society, 19 Milk St., Boston. Ninety-two pages. Sent by mail on receipt of ten cents. Address the pub-lishers. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to address, per rear, 46 25 to 99 " -  - - " - - 70c 66 - - 650 100 to 249 " " " 44 2.50 to 499 " " " 500 to 999 " " " " 1000 or more " To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 