154 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "There's a difference of opinion about that," answered Mr. Harrison. "Our Sunday closing we interpret to mean the outward closing, the semblance of closing. That I believe in." "No Sunday Laws Needed." THE following under this head relative to the hearing on the District Sunday Bill, spoken by so influential a paper as the Washington Post, may be taken as reflect-ing the sentiments of a large proportion of American cit-izens outside of those who desire Sunday legislation because of a religious regard for the day. It is for this reason that it is given space in the SENTINEL:- "It will be observed by reference to our report of the hearing before the House sub-committee, on Friday last, that the only persons who appeared to advocate the bill were a few professional busybodies, while a somewhat larger number of public-spirited persons unselfishly gave their time to combat a measure which has for its object a tyrannical interference with the rights of individuals. To these latter the community owe a debt of thanks. The bill in question contemplate an intolerable oppres-sion, and yet the great mass of, the population have left to accident their protection against its sinister and odious purpose. "The chief champion of the bill was the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, who seems to be unable to find legitimate em-ployment in his pretended occupation, and who, there-fore, serves as superintendent of what he calls a Reform BureauŠat a salary, of courseŠand manifests his activity by meddling impertinently in, other people's business. We have had this Crafts with us in the character of an irritant for some years past. Upon what authority he proceeds, and how far he represents the wishes and opin-ions of any considerable element of society, we do not pretend to say. All we know about him is that he under-takes to regulate the morals of the District and to annoy and bore nearly everybody in it with his offensive impor-tunities. Speaking to the sub-committee, on Friday, he tried to produce the impression, if he did not actually assert, that he plead the cause of certain labor organiza-tionsŠthe Federation, the Knights, and the Brotherhood of Locomotive EngineersŠbut no representative of any of those orders was present to ratify his pretensions, and in our belief none would have done so had he been present. The labor organizations do not need Crafts to voice their sentiments or to advocate their rights. They have full control over their own affairs. They can see to it that their members have one day of rest out of every seven. We do not believe that these organizations ever commis-sioned Crafts to speak for them. It is our conviction that they would infinitely prefer to be left free to spend the Sabbath according to their individual preferences. "Crafts and his coadjutors have been conducting their . . . propaganda for a very long and weary time. . . . In the prosecution of their pestiferous enterprise they have resorted to every form of slander and mendacity. They have pictured Washington as an immoral city, where vice runs riot, where the Sabbath is habitually des-ecrated, and where, for lack of Sunday lawsŠto be form-ulated by themselves, of courseŠour youth are system- atically corrupted and debased. The facts are, as shown by the statistics of the Police Department, that, in Wash-ington, Sunday is the most orderly and decorous day of the whole week; that ours is a moral and a well-behaved community; that the thing we need least of all is a new law still further regulating the observance of the Sabbath. They complain vociferously of the profane noises which, on the Sabbath, disturb the pious at their devotions, while the truth is that the church bells furnish the only clamor on that day which can be said to annoy or dis-tress any reasonable human being. They come forward with lists of the 'places of business' found open on Sun-day, when it is perfectly safe to say that nine-tenths of them could not be closed without paralyzing our common civilization. They are, in fact, a set of blatant and per-nicious busybodies, who represent nothing worthy the attention of Congress. "Such citizens as Gen. William Birney, Prof. W. A. Croffut, Rabbi Stern, Rev. Geo. B. Wheeler, Rev. A. H -Lewis, and the others who appeared to protest against the Crafts' bill are entitled to the heartfelt gratitude of the public. They stand for something in the communi-ties to which they respectively belongŠfor legitimate oc-cupation, for intelligence, for responsibility, and for the spirit of religious and political freedom. "They plead the cause of human progress and enlight-enment. They stand ,for the principles which this repub-lic was founded to perpetuate. They do not ask that others shall be forced to accept their dogmas. They ask only that which the pioneers of liberty in America died to win for their posterityŠemancipation from the cruelties and horrors of fanaticism. They are entitled to the re-spect and confidence of Congress. They represent the true public opinion of Washington. We want no more Sab-bath legislation. We need no more. We are a moral and a cultured people. We ask that no encouragement be given to salaried meddlers with our affairs." Hearing on the Sunday Bill in Albany. THE hearing on this bill, the object of which is the removal of Sunday restrictions from plays, games, and general amusements recognized as being lawful on ordi-nary days of the week, was held before the Committee on Codes at Albany, March 1. The opposition speeches to the bill were very tame .and contained nothing worthy of mention. The principal speech was that made by Mr. Harburger, of the Assembly, in favor of the bill, of which he is the author. This contained a number of interest-ing points, which we regard as worthy of wide publicity. To this end we make the following quotation:Š "I contend, first of all, that there are fewer violations of law and fewer breaches of order where the liberties of citizens are not curtailed on Sundays than in large cities in which there are such fanatical restrictions. In the city of Glasgow, in Scotland, where perhaps the severity of the Sunday ordinances against harmless amusements of any sort have been carried further than elsewhere, the number of arrests beginning at midnight on Saturday until midnight on Sunday is 10 per cent. larger than on any other day in the week, and in the city of London, where rigid local ordinances have curtailed the amuse. 