AMERICAN' SEN-TINTEIL. 245 'hers of a church, but that does not, there-fore, constitute the nation a moral being. Only the personal units are, or can be so held, arid these, only because they are indiVidually accountable to God's moral law. Thus, we read : " Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law, that every month may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God." Rom. 3:19.  The words of the prophet are often referred to, hi vindication of the idea that nations are moral persons : " The nation and kingdom that will net serve thee, shall perish." But this text proves noth-ing of the kind. We read in 2 Kings, 9 : 8, also, that : " The whole house of Ahab shall perish; " but that certainly does not show that the house of Ahab was a personality composing a moral being, distinct from the individuals who forriried the household. It could mean nothing more than that the persons who coMposed Ahab's household were to per-ish because they were all guilty of wrong. But God never punishes any one for the sins of another, even though he may be connected, with a guilty party, by family or national ties. The assurance of this, is found in the words, " The soul that sin-neth, it shall die." So, if only one of a nation's representatives were found right-eous, while all the others were guilty, the one righteous person would be preserved, because of his individual integrity, while the others would be made to stiff et for their individual sins only. -The apostle has positively stated that " every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Rom. 14 : 12. This being true, it follows that no one can do more than to answer for his own conduct, at the bar of God. In other words, since every one answers for himself, no one will be required to answer for him. It is therefore plain that the only moral ac-countability which God recognizes, is that of individuals. Then, when men act in the capacity, of statesmen, and administer the affairs of government, the incumbent of one department, cannot be held responsible for the wrongs which he does not sanction, and which may be done in another department with which he has had no connection. On the same principle, no government, as a whole, can be held morally responsible for the actions of even a majority of its represent-atives. It matters not, therefore, with what body a man may be connected, that body is not responsible for his individual acts. It therefore follows, that if nations are not morally holden, as such, they can have no conscience, and of course, no re-ligion, and have, therefore, no right to meddle with matters of religion. J. 0. Coniass. More about the "Civil Sabbath." THE argument for the " civil Sabbath " rests on the false distinction made between the spiritual intent of the Sabbatic insti-tution, and the physical, social, and intel-lectual good derived from it. It is said that "God gave the Sabbath for a religious purpose Šfor the spiritual good of his children, and because it pleases him to have them meet and worship himŠand with this of course the civil law can have nothing to do; but as it is discovered by experience that a great physical, social, and intellectual good, to the people, is de-rived from keeping the Sabbath, therefore the State may enforce such Sabbath keep-ing for civil reasons." This argument rests first, upon the dis-tinction made between the divine and human intent of the Sabbath; but secondly, it rests upon the assumption that the gov-ernment is the proper guardian of the physical and social good of its subjects. Regarding this assumption, it is only necessary here to remark, that the mo-ment the government commits itself to such a guardianship, there is no logical stopping place this side of a complete su-pervision of the eating, bathing, sleeping, and dressing of all its subjects. To say nothing of the expense and inconvenience of running such a govern-ment, and of the intolerable interference of the government officials with the sa-cred privacy of family life, it has been proven by experience, that such paternal guardianship on the part of the govern-ment, tends directly to produce, on the part of the people, a corresponding child-ish dependence. Thus, by keeping the mass of the people in perpetual childhood, and throwing all the care and responsi-bility of their welfare on a few persons, the distance, between the governing and the governed, is perpetually widened, and the tendency is directly toward monarchy and despotism. It need not be said, that nothing could be more utterly subversive of all the principles of democracy and freedom than this. Our Sunday laws in the States are relics of a barbarous past. And the clamor of the National Deformers, and the anti-American Sabbath Union, for national Sunday laws, is the asking of our Nation to commit itself to a theory of government which logically includes all the despotism and oppression so terribly illustrated by the bloody past. But, now for this distinction between the spiritual interest and the physical and social good of the Sabbath. Mr. L. C. Inglis, in his paper, read at the Washington Convention, of the American Sabbath Union, declared that, " practically this is a distinction without a difference." Thus the very foundation of their whole " civil Sabbath" theory was declared false, by one of their own speakers on their own platform; and as the distinction is false,  it is therefore admitted that all " civil Sabbath " legislation is in reality religious Perhaps the fallacy of this distinction may be best proven by showing that it would apply equally well to all the other commandments in the decalogue; and that as the law contains the whole duty of man (Eccl. 12 : 13), therefore, by the same method of reasoning, all religious and moral duties could be enforced by law, for civil reasons. Take the first com-mandment for illustration : " Thou shalt have no other Gods before me. It is well known that most terrible wars, and untold misery, have been inflicted by the nations upon themselves and one an-other, because of different gods or dif-ferent views of the same God. In fact, very much of the war and bloodshed of the past is traceable to the violation of the first commandment. The very reason God gave that first commandment, was, not that he had a desire to be worshiped, but that by teaching all men to look up to the one God and Creator as their father, he might unite them all into one peaceful family of brothers and sisters, instead of having the world divided into hostile sects and nations. Why not, then, for civil reasons, that is, for the welfare and peace of the State, establish the worship of the one God, and carefully describe by law the character of this God, and state definitely what shall pertain to his worship ? In other words, why not establish a national religion at once, and enforce it ? Take the second commandment as an-other illustration. From violating the first commandment, men have been led onward to the violation of the second, and all the others of the ten. Why not, then, for civil reasons prohibit all image worship, and all violation of any other of the commandments ? for the same principle is involved throughout. This is the very way people have always reasoned when they have established State religions. " Well," says one, " why is not the reason-ing good ? If all this good will come from a unity of faith and practice, why not en-force such unity ?" Simply because it can-not be done ; it is utterly beyond, the power of the State. The State might as well legislate to enforce an eclipse of the moon once a week. In the Middle Ages, they attempted to enforce such a unity of faith and practice. They compelled whole tribes to be bap-tized, and to receive the eucharist. No one will, to-day, claim that those poor unfortunates really partook of the eucha-rist, far less that they experienced any of that union of feeling that comes from a real participation in that sacred or-dinance. Later, victorious Christian (?) kings 