CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth Binding, - With "Sentinel," An exhortation DEUTERONOMY, XI. to obedience. Before CHRIST 1451. us ch. 30.12, 35.16.20. hZeeh. 3.7. 0 Ch. 8.5. d oh. 5. 24. e ch. 7.19. 11'8.78.12. & 135.1. CHAPTER XL I An exhortation' to obedience 2 by their ern experi- ences o cod's great works, 9 by promise of God's great blessings, 16 and by threat' nings. 18 careful study is required in God's ,cords. 26 The blessing and curse is set before them. THEREFORE thou shalt a love the LORD thy God, and b keep his charge, and his statutes, and his judg-ments, and his commandments, alway. 2 And know ye this day : for I speak not with your children which have not known, and which have not seen ethe chastisement of the LORD your God, d his greatness, this mighty hand, and. his stretched out arm, 3 ,'And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the midst of Egypt 14 That II will give you the rain of your land in his due season, a the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil. 15 0) And I will 2send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest I/ eat and be full. 15 Take heed to yourselves, zthat your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and a serve other gods, and wor-ship them ; 17 And then. tithe LORD'S wrath be kindled against you, and he eshut up the heaven, that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest aye perish quickly from off the Before CHRIST 1451. t Ley. 26.4. ch. 28. 12. u Joel 2.23. Jam. 5. 7. 104. 14. 2 Hob.givo. ft ch. 6. 11. Joel 2. 19. c ch. 29.18. Job 31.27. a ch. 8.19. 30. 17. 6 ch. 6.15. c 1 Kin. 8. 85. Ł 2 Ohr. 6. 26. & 7. 13, d ch. 4.26. WeBhu3aLvEesonbouhnadndinGEFiNLINBErow0XnEL0eRvDanTtEMA0CrHoERS: ti  Divinity Circuit. Calf Lined, Silk Sewed, Round 4100.-----  Corners, Gold Edges. Size 5 x 73/1  inches. Specimen of type. WE WILL MIRK THE NRIE OF (INY PERSON designated by the pur-chaser upon the outside or inside of the cover, IN GOLD LETTERS, if it is desired, WITHOUT EXT1(4 CH(IR6E, and send post-paid for only $5.85. Iddress, PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond St., New York. Or OAKLAND, CAL.  183 v I r -v I  and working on the first day of the week, is a State both whose civilization and whose Chris-tianity are of a questionable and medileval character. There is an ancient statue, known topmost people, which says: " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work: but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." We have not heard that that ancient statute, given by Jehovah himself to the leader of his chosen people, has ever been officially or authoritatively repealed; nor are we aware of any logical reason why people calling themselves Chris-tians should take it upon themselves to main-tain all the other commands of the Decalogue intact, and interfere, for their convenience, with this Statute alone. Indeed, we are of the opinion that people calling themselves Chris-tians are considerably unchristian when they _punish- their fellow-citizens for keeping one of the commands of the moral law, which they themselves are in the habit of breaking. But it isyositively appalling, at this end of . the nineteenth century, to contemplate Geor-gia's code of Blue Laws respecting this "crime " of Sabbath-breaking. It provides that the offender may "be punished by a fine not to:  exceed $1,000, imprisonment not to exceed six months, to work in the chain-gang on the public works, or on such other works as the county authorities may employ the 'chain-gang, not to exceed twelve months, and any one or more of these punishments may be ordered in the discretion of the judge." That is surely a steep enough punishment -for obeying his conscience in preference to the dictates of a mere secular authority; but even that is not the worst of it. In case of "insurrection," under which head would nat-urally be included a refusal to work in the chain-gang on the Sabbath, this delightful Georgia law directs that " such . . . member or members of the chain-gang shall, upon trial and conviction in the Supreme Court of the county in which the crime is committed, be deemed, guilty of a capital offense, and be punished with death, or such other punish-nent as the judge iii his discretion may inflict." If, 'therefore, a Georgian who does his re-ligious devotions and keeps his weekly " day of rest" on .Saturday, according to the explicit order of the Almighty, be found hoeing in his garden on Sunday, and be informed against, he is liable to a thousand dollars' fine, impris-onment for six months, and inclusion in the chain-gang; and in the event that while in -the chain-gang, he refuses to work on his Sabbath, be is liable to be tried for "insur-rection," to be convicted and to be put to -death! What a delightful land of religious-  liberty Georgia must be, to be sure! Would it not be well for our sister State to make concession to the spirit of religious tol- erancb of which we are given to boast, to the extent of quashing Allison's sentence and of erasing from her statute book the medieval law against Sabbath-breaking which we have quoted ? It is the nineteenth century thq is now closing, not the fourteenth. Tile Lester (Iowa) Recorder prints an an-nouncement of a prospective summer school to be held at Grennell, Iowa, June 29 to July 3, which its projectors, hope, according to the printed program, will be largely attended by those " who believe that Jesus is the Redeemer of society and of the nation." Commenting on this object of the school the Recorder well says:Š The only way Jesus is to redeem society is the re-demption of the individual members of society. Christ has left no promise that he will ever redeem a  nation ; but he has promised that he would " break them with a rod of iron; " and " dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." All the "schools of the kin g-don " that can be convened from this time onward will not change this decree. Some clergyman could learn some Bible truth, especially concerning this question, from some editors. " Before He Is Twenty," OR  " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question," IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. IT is divided into five chapters, by as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a boy's life. The first chapter, "THE BOY AND HIS FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " WHEN HE DECIDES, " THE Boy IN THE OFFICE," "HIS EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and " BOOKING TOWARD A WIFE, " are all important and helpful. 104 pages, hound In cloth, tot ibossed In jet and gold, price, - - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. --ADDRESS-- PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. SMITHS DICTIONARY of the BIBLE. EDITED BY WM SMITH, LL.D. COMPRISING ITS ANT/QUIT/ES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY, PRICE, 82.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said ; over 400 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pronunciation and significa-tion of scriptural names; the solution of difficulties of in-terpretation, authority, and harmony; also a history and description of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete ency-clopedia of Biblical information ADDRESS  PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Ł Oakland, Cal. New York City. 