AMERICAN SENTINEL. 197 We will start with the very genius of the ballot. Why is it in the hands of the people? Because this is a government by the people. The ballot is the badge of sovereignty, the crown of authority with a free people. All the power is in the hands of the people and is ex-pressed in the peaceful-looking piece of paper called the ballot. Every particle of power ever exercised in the legiti-mate performance of duty in the various departments of the Government, is derived from the people by consent. This consent is expressed through the ballot. It will perhaps seem absurd to some that there is any need of stating such a universally-conceded truth in America. So it would be if it were not largely lost sight of in essence by the people and denied in theory by illog-ical writers. Many of the governed may not secure what they de-sire, but by the use of the ballot they consent to the decision of the majority whether it be in harmony with their desires or not. The original idea, in the minds of those noble men to whom we are most indebted for the form of our grand Government, was that all the power of the sovereign nation lay in the people and was fur-nished by consent to a general fund which would be em-ployed to make every department of° government effect-ive. This power is transferred by consent, and the con-sent is the acceptance of the ballot. When any person consents to submit the affairs of government to the free ballot and himself uses the ballot he is in honor bound to abide its decision. By that act he consents not only to be a submissive subject but as-sumes sovereignty and contracts to furnish so far as possible the power to carry out the expressed will of the people. Again, he clothes civil officers with authority. Where does the authority originate?ŠWith the people. Can officers exercise any authority or power not given them by those who vote? When I commission another to act for me and the commission states in what manner he shall act, I am responsible so long as he acts within the limits of the com-mission. With the ballot men are commissioned to act in fulfillment of the Constitution on pain of impeach-ment. The Constitution, as well as the commissioning of men to fulfill it, is but the drawing out of some of the elements in the ballot. Then all the duties of the various departments of government in any emergency are but the unfolding of the power in the ballot. The entire Government with all its functions is in the ballot from its peaceful folding at the rural precinct through its practical unfolding in the halls of legislation and the courts of justice; and the execution of just decrees, the oath of office, and the boom-ing of the cannon in defense of the whole. .. Ł  -4 A THE spirit of Christianity is never the spirit of intol- erance or of compulsion. Rome Unmasked in Madagascar. THE'New York Independent, of March 25, publishes a letter from the Rev. James Sibree,missionary of the Lon-don Missionary Society, setting forth the persecutions to which Protestants in Madagascar are now subjected under the papal regime which ensued upon the subjection of the island by the French. Mr. Sibree's letter is written from Antananarivo, the capital city. He says:Š "The Roman Catholic priests here, who are also Jesuits, have for many years past been angry and chag-rined at the progress made by Protestant missions, and at the large number of their adherents. They have had perfect liberty to teach and to propagate their re-ligionŠin fact they have often obtained more favors from the former native government, in the way of get-ting land for their buildings, etc., than have been granted to Protestant missionaries; but they have not been able, up to very lately, to coerce the people to enter their communion. The establishment of the French power in Madagascar has, however, now given them the opportunity they have long desired, of persecuting Protestants; and they are now using it most unscrupu-lously. "Not many days after the occupation of Antanana_ rivo by the French forces (Sept. 30, 1895), a proclama_ tion was issued by General Duchesne, assuring the Mal-agasy of perfect religious liberty; and this was repeated by the late Resident-General, M. Laroche, as well as by General Gallieni, the present Commander-in-Chief and acting Resident-General. But, notwithstanding these excellent and fair-sounding statements, they have in scores of villages, since the proclamation of the state of siege, become almost a dead letter. The military com-mandants in several districts have become facile instru-ments in the hands of the Jesuits in terrorizing the peo-ple. In several instances our Protestant churches have been seized and mass performed in them; the schools have in many cases been handed over en masse to the priests ; the congregations have been brow-beaten, threatened and frightened into -.becoming, nominally, Roman Catholics. In very many cases they have been told by people in authority that if they continue Prot-estants they will be accounted as rebels. They are told that their English missionaries are enemies of France, and, therefore, all whO have anything to do with them will also be reckoned as the enemies of France. Local native governors are told that while there is, of course, religious liberty for the people (!), they, as men in au-thority, ought to be of the same religion as the French nation; and if they stand fast, they are soon accused of disaffection, and are degraded or fined. The consequence; of course. is that numbers of them, to avert suspicion from themselves, become almost more zealous and un-just than the priests themselves, and use all their influ-ence to coerce the people to leave the religion they have been taught. "Accusations on the most flimsy pretenses are got up against the best men in some of the districtsŠpastors, evangelists and others; and they are heavily fined, im-prisoned, and some are now loaded with chains, although it is perfectly certain that their Protestantism is their only offense. "It seems now a settled principle that if the majority 