"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JUNE 7, 1894. NUMBER 23.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY,. No. 43 Boxo STREET, Nuw YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JON KS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A.. F. BALLENGER, ONE of the Catholic speakers at one of the celebrations in Chicago last year scouted the idea of being " saved by char-acter instead of by dogma." LIKE everything else in the line of Cath-olic teaching, this is directly the opposite of the truth; for the truth is that men are saved by character. IT was expressly that men might be saved by character that Jesus Christ came into the world in human flesh and lived through the course of human life from infancy to manhood. And without this character which was wrought out in Christ in the flesh, no man can be saved. BUT even though it were true that men are saved by dogma rather than by char-acter, still it would not by any means fol-low that men are saved by papal dogma. For the papal dogmas are not true. For instance, it is declared to be " a dogma divinely revealed " that the pope is infal-lible. This dogma we shall examine upon its claimed merits later on. There is another one that we wish to examine just now, and this is the dogma of " THE IMMACULATE, CONCEPTION." It may be well to remark in beginning that there is a large number of Protestants as well as other non-Catholics who enter-tain the mistaken view that the doctrine of the immaculate conception refers to the conception of Jesus by the Virgin Mary. The truth is that it refers not to the con-ception of Christ by Mary, but to the con-ception of Mary herself by her mother. The official and " infallible " doctrine of the immaculate conception as solemnly defined as an article of faith by Pope Pius IX., speaking ex cathedra, on the 8th of December, 1854, is as follows :Š By the authority of our Lord Jesus Christ, of the blessed apostles Peter and Paul, and by our own au-thority, we declare, pronounce, and define, that the  doctrine which holds that the most blessed Virgin Mary, in the first instant of her conception, by a special grace and privilege of Almighty God, in view of the merits of Jesus Christ, the Saviour of mankind, was preserved free from all stain of original sin, has been revealed by God, and, therefore, is to be firmly and steadfastly believed by all the faithful. Wherefore, if any shall presume, which may God avert, to think in their heart otherwise than has been defined by us, let them know, and moreover under-stand, that they arŁe condemned by theirŁ own judg-ment, that they have made shipwreck as regards the faith, and have fallen away from the unity of the church.ŠCatholic Belief, p. 214. IN these days of the general acceptance of Catholicism as Christianity, and of the compromises with the Catholic Church, and apologies for her, it is well that we should study such things as this that we may know for ourselves what is their real effect upon the doctrine of Christ, and what their consequences, in those who accept the dogma. The first consequence of it is to make the Virgin Mary, if not actually divine, then the nearest to it, of any creature in the universe; and this, too, in her human nature. In proof of this we have the following statements of Catholic fathers and saints :Š The ancient writer " De Nativitate Christi " found in St. Cyprian's works, says: Because (Mary) being " very different from the rest of mankind, human nature, but not sin, communicated itself to her." Theodoret, a father who lived in the fifth century, says that Mary " surpassed by far the cherubim and seraphim in purity." In the Greek Liturgy of St. Chrysostom, a father of the fourth century, . . the following words are directed to be chanted by the choir during the canon of the mass: "It is truly meet that we should praise thee, 0 mother of God, . . . thou art the mother of our God, to be venerated in preference to the cher-ubim ; thou art beyond comparison more glorious than the seraphim." Theodore, patriarch of Jerusalem, said in the second council of Nice, that Mary "is truly the mother of God, and virgin before and after childbirth; and she was created in a condition more sublime and glorious than that of all natures, whether intellectual or cor-poreal."ŠId., pp. 216, 217. These statements show that in the view of the Catholic Church and of the dogma of the immaculate conception, the nature of Mary was so " very different from the rest of mankind," so much " more sub-lime and glorious than that of all natures," and " surpassed by [so] far the cherubim and seraphim " as to be " beyond compar-ison more glorious than" they, and there-fore to be venerated " in preference " to them. This then puts the nature of Mary  infinitely beyond any real likeness or rela-tionship to mankind. Having this clearly in mind, let us fol-low to the next step. And here it is in the words of Cardinal Gibbons :Š We affirm that the Second Person of the Blessed Trinity, the Word of God, who, in his divine nature is, from all eternity, begotten of the Father, consub-stantial with him, was in the fullness of time again begotten, by being born of the virgin, thus taking to himself from her maternal womb, a human nature of the same substance with hers. As far as the sublime mystery of the incarnation can be reflected in the natural order, the blessed vir-gin, under the overshadowing of the Holy Ghost, by communicating to the Second Person of the adorable Trinity, as mothers do, a true human nature of the same substance with her own, is thereby really and truly his mother.ŠFaith of Our Fathers, pp. 198, 199. Now put these two things together. First, we have the nature of Mary defined as being not only " very different from the rest of mankind," but " more sublime and glorious than all natures; " thus put-ting her infinitely beyond any real likeness or relationship to mankind as we really are. Next, we have Jesus described as taking from her a human nature of the same substance as hers. It therefore follows as certainly as that two and two make four, that in his human nature the Lord Jesus is " very different " from mankind, is farther from us than are the cherubim and the seraphim, and is infinitely beyond any real likeness or relationship to us as we really are in this world. And in this it follows also that the dogma of the immaculate conception puts Jesus Christ infinitely beyond the reach of mankind : as far beyond our reach indeed as though he had never offered himself at all. Thus completely does the doctrine of the immaculate conception rob the world of Jesus Christ the Saviour, to just the extent that the doctrine is re-ceived. We know the answer that "the Church" makes to thisŠthat Mary and Joseph es-pecially, and all the other saints, intercede with Him for those who would have his help, and that through these he is enabled to reach mankind though he himself is so far beyond us. But this is as great a fraud as is all the rest of the scheme. For the Virgin Mary and Joseph and all the rest of the saints are dead, and cannot intercede for anybody. For the Word of - - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 