frrpir AIVIERICAN SENTINEL. 243 it is impossible for civil government to enforce the fourth commandment; neither can civil government enforce any other commandment as the law of God. Take, for example, the sixth. The Saviour said that he that hateth his brother is a mur-derer. A man may manifest all the ha-tred of which he is capable, and may even express that hatred, and yet the civil law cannot lay hold upon him as a murderer. True, if he makes threats, that is, if he declares his intentions to use violence, the law can place him under bonds to keep the peace. It may be demonstrated as fully as human testimony can demonstrate anything, that his heart is full of hatred, and yet no one would say that the civil law oughtto touch him. Still, in the sight of- God the man is a murderer. The seventh commandment furnishes another illustration, which we need not dwell upon, as all are familiar with the teach-ings of the Saviour on that point.. And this is sufficient to show that civil govern-ment cannot enforce the law of God. There is another feature of this matter which demands attention, namely, the fact previously referred to, that to at-tempt to enforce the decalogue would be to constitute men judges of the divine law. God is the interpreter of his own law. Human beings differ in their inter-pretations of that law. Of this, the second commandment furnishes an illustration, as already shown. The Protestant says that bowing to an image or picture is idolatry; this the Romanist denies. Now who shall judge between them, and decide which is right? If it were the prerogative of civil government to decide this question, then, if the judge were a Protestant he would decide from a Protestant standpoint, and the Papist would be punished for the use of pictures and images. But suppose the, judge himself were a Papist, he would then decide that such worship was not idol-atry, and the accused would go free. Thus, it appears that that which is idolatry to-day, might be held to be perfectly right to-morrow; or that which would be decided to be idolatry in New York, might be held to be perfectly innocent in New Jersey; and yet, in both instances, according to National Reform logic, the decision would be rendered by the duly authorized agent of the Almighty. If indeed it were true that civil govern-ment is ordained of. God, in the sense in which National Reformers claim that it is, then the Government a Spain in the days of the Inquisition was just as truly a Government of God, as is the Govern-ment of England or the Government of the United States to-day. But it cannot be true that governments are ordained of God in that sense, for if it were true God would be the minister of sin. " GoVern-ments," says the Declaration of Independ-ence, " derive their just powers from the consent of the governed;" and had this maxim always prevailed, despotic govern- ments never would have been known. The very idea of government which Na-tional Reformers advocate, is responsible for the barbarities and iniquities of all the despotic Governments in the world; and the only wonder is that citizens of the United States could for a moment enter-tain such a proposition. It is as clear as the noonday sun that the National Reform theory is at variance with the principles of this Government, and to carry out the Na-tional Reform idea would be simply to overthrow republican institutions. C. P. B. Political Divinity. A SHORT time ago, we printed in THE SENTINEL the statement of Rev. Dr. Park-hurst, of this city, that " it is as much a Christian's duty to love his country, as his God; " that " the stars and stripes ought to be as much a part of a man's religion as the Sermon on the Mount; " and that " it is as much the Christian's duty to go to the polls and vote on election day, as to go to the Lord's table on communion day." If this be correct it would be proper to interpret the Scriptures accordingly, and read, " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God, and, thy country with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength." And as we read at the close of the Sermon on the Mount, " Whosoever heareth these sayings of mine and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man which built his house upon a rock ; " it would be proper also to read in connection therewith something like this, " Whosoever, therefore, heareth the laws enacted under the stars and stripes, and doeth them, the same shall be likened unto a man which built his house upon a rock," etc. It is not necessary to go any further in this. This is sufficient to show how nearly akin to blasphemy such a sentiment is. But Dr. Parkhurst. is not alone in this sentiment that reduces divine things to the level of human and political things. The Union Signal runs in the same line. An editorial, in its issue of April 10, says :Š In this country where the ballot is the badge of sovereignty, and every voter is a sovereign, no more sacred act can any man perform than that of voting. This likewise puts the most sacred acts upon a level with those of mere human and political expediency. It is neither surprising nor inappropriate, therefore, to find the Signal next referring to Plato for an example in political philosophy. This is perfectly proper, for the sentiment itself is pagan, and it is only right that a pagan should be appealed to. It is a pagan sen-timent only that makes political things divine. In the philosophy of paganism, the State is the supreme deity. All politi-cal things, therefore, are of the highest order of sacredness, and there is no such thing as a distinction between duty to God  and duty to the State. This is the philos-ophy of paganism, of Dr. Parkhurst, of the Union Signal, and of many others in this day. Christianity separates the things of God from the things of the State; sepa-rates duty to God from duty to the State, and renders to God that which is God's, and to Csar that which is Caesar's. A. T. J. Chicago Correspondence. WHILE the Commissioners of the Co-lumbian Exposition are busying themselves in settling the matter whether the fair shall be on the Lake Front or not, and while they are deciding who is the best man to place at the helm to guide the mammoth undertaking to success, and while the Illinois Legislature is planning for special legislation to give Chicago the legal right to raise, in the way they de-sire, the necessary funds for the great fair; the clergy and others, in. Chicago, are agitating the question thus early as to whether or not the Exposition shall be opened on Sunday. Dr. Utter, of the Unitarian persuasion, expressed himself recently as very decid-edly in favor of opening on Sunday. This drew from the ranks of the Sunday-clos-ing advocates a volley, threatening the divine vengeance if the Nation should add rebellion to impiety, by opening on Sunday an exhibition upon which the gaze of the world was fixed. Dr. Henson, in particu-lar, threatened fearful judgments if the great " American Sabbath " should be so disregarded. He advocated the idea, strongly, that Chicago should be made a model Christian city before the fair comes off, so that the inhabitants of the Old World could see a living example of what Christianity would do for a nation. As we listened to the reverend gentle-man giving utterance to the above thoughts, we could not refrain from so-liloquizing. We will suppose the great Exposition on the Lake Front, as proposed; and in our imagination we will behold every door barred against the visitor whose conscience would not condemn him for going on Sunday; the perfect quiet of the ideal Sabbath reigns throughout the entire grounds occupied by the prodigious exhibit ; people from every corner of the earth are there; and as they witness the " Sabbath hush " of the fair, the first thought will be, " what good people must dwell in the immediate surroundings of such an enclosure, fortified by all the in-signia of outward piety." And, since the fair cannot be visited on Sunday, the visitor starts through the city to form an acquaintance with some of these good people. Before fairly entering the thronged streets he sees the glittering sign of a saloon, and, perhaps, hears the carousals of debauchery within. While this shakes his exalted ideas of Chicago a little, he is ready to excuse it by thinking 