302 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL« right nor the power to do. This, however, is the chief argument upon which the advocates of a national Sunday law depend. They say that the Sabbath is a, civil institution, that the States have all enacted laws concerning it, therefore the gen-eral government has a right to enact laws con- cerning, it. But the fact that the States have en-acted laws concerning it does not prove that they had any right to do so. As we have already seen, the Sabbath is wholly religious ; it has upon it the stamp of God, and not a human stamp. It belongs to God and to him alone, and he says, "Render to Cmsar the things which are Cotsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." If one should find a British coin, and should erase the image of the queen and stamp it with an eagle, and attempt to pass it as a United States coin, he would, if detected, be arrested and pun-ished as a counterfeiter. All his assertions that it was a United States coin because it had the United States stamp upon it, would avail him nothing. The point is, the coin had no business to have the United States stamp upon it, because it was a coin of Great Britain and belonged to that country. This is exactly the position that it is wished to have the States assume toward the Sabbath. The Sabbath has the stamp of God upon it. Those who are working for the Sunday law would have that stamp effaced and have the stamp of the United States put upon it. Then they would say, " Why, it is a civil institution, and therefore the State has a right to enforce it ;" but the fact is, the State had no right to make it a civil institution. To do so it acts the part of a counterfeiter. No matter what action the State takes, the fact remains that the Sabbath belongs to God and should be ren-dered to him alone, and to him directly, and not through the medium of some other power. Another point may be noticed in this connec-tion, and that is that even though the Sunday had civil as well as religious features, it is admitted by those who favor its enforcement that the civil feat-ures cannot be enforced separate from the relig-ious features. All are familiar with the state-ment of Dr. Crafts, that a Sunday law cannot be maintained except on the basis of moral obliga-tion ; that if you take the religion out of it, you take the rest out ; and the whole thing is aptly put in the following paragraph taken from a ser- mon by Rev. Byron Sunderland, published in the New York Evangelist :Š "The champion for the secular leagues, in the course of a long speech, in which on several grounds he vio-lently assailed the movement, at last gave his cause away by declaring that he did not object to a civil Sunday, and would help to enforce it. No man can make such an admission, and not go to the end with those who seek to retain a Christian, which is the rational observance of our American, Sabbath unim-paired. It is simply impossible to have a civil Sun-day, that is, a day of rest from ordinary secular occu-pations, and yet exclude from it a voluntary religious observance. The distinction forcibly reminds me of a certain Lord-bishop who said, 0 but you know, John, I don't swear as a bishop, only as a man. ' That is true, your Grace,' replied the valet ; ' but I was think-ing when the devil comes after the man, what would become of the bishop 1" This is well put. Even if we should allow that the Sunday is a civil institution as well as a re-ligious institution, the undeniable fact remains that when Sunday is enforced it is enforced as Sunday, with every feature that it contains, relig-ious as well as civil. The writer of the paragraph first quoted- says : "While no one could wish Congress to enact laws enforcing practices of religion upon unwilling con- sciences, yet even religious services ought to be protected, and all men who desire to worship ought to be protected by law in performing their peculiar and chosen rites." That is just exactly what we have now without any Sunday law. We can't tell whether it is ignorance or perversity that makes Sunday-law advocates use such an argument, for nothing is more certain than that every State has laws amply sufficient for the pro-tection of religious services. It is true that all men who desire to worship ought to be protected by law in performing their peculiar and chosen rites, and it is as true that under our Constitution and laws, as they now are, all men may be so pro-tected. But let the Sunday-law movement suc-ceed, and the state of things will be reversed. Then only a class will be protected, and others will be left to the mercy of bigots. When a rabid Sunday-law advocate says that all men ought to be protected, he means simply that all men who believe as he does ought to be protected, and that all others ought to be prohibited from carrying on their peculiar and chosen rites. The argument used last by Mr. Atkins, is the worst one we have ever seen. Speaking of the fact that Congress has designated certain clays as holidays, and that no one claims that this is an infringement of personal liberty, he says that " if three or four days of the year can be thus distin-guished by Congress, what is there to prevent so distinguishing one day in seven, if it seems proper to do so ?" Does he mean to intimate that all the American Sabbath Union wishes is to make Sunday a holiday like the present national holi-days ? If he does, he means to convey a wrong impression; for the great complaint of the Sunday-law advocates is that Sunday is already used as a holiday. They want a law passed which will prohibit its being used as a holiday. The difference between a holiday and such a day as they wish Congress to make of Sunday is as great as the difference between light and darkness. On any holiday people may abstain from labor if they wish to, but there is no compulsion. Any-body who wishes to work a part or a whole of a day is at perfect liberty to do so. More than this, the national holidays are generally devoted to pleasure seeking by a large majority of citizens; but those who wish Congress to pass a law enforc-ing Sunday observance, wish a law to prohibit work and amusement. Suppose that an attempt should be made to compel people to abstain from all work and all amusement on the Fourth of July. There would be a general protest. True patriotic citizens would think such a law an infringement upon the rights of the people, and so it would be. But -that is just what these people want Congress to do for Sunday. It is strange that any man would attempt to build an argument 'for Sunday laws upon the existence of national holidays. It shows either that the man wishes to make sentiment for the Sunday law, regardless of the method, or else that he has never given the matter any thought further than that he wishes a Sunday law at whatever cost. E. J. W. THE self-styled reformers are clamoring for a national law protecting Sunday, but the bill they present contradicts their pretensions, for it by no means provides for protection but enforcement. What a curious thing it would be for a street-car company, for instance, to vigorously call on the municipal authorities to protect their cars from riotous mobs and then to present a bill com-pelling those people to ride on that line ! There is just as much sense to it.ŠMoral and Scientific Companion. The Evangelical. AT the hearing before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor February 15,1889, in behalf of the Blair resolution, to teach religion in all the schools of the nation, there were promi-nent men pleading for the adoption of the pro-posed amendment, from Philadelphia, New York, and Baltimore. Rev. George K. Morris, D. D., of Philadelphia, drew the line between those who favored the amendment and those who opposed it, by the following statement :Š " I ask your attention to the fact that on this mat-ter of the proposed constitutional amendment, the country stands divided principally along the line indicated by the evangelical church bodies on the one side, and the Roman Catholic Church on the other." - Upon this the chairman asked,Š " In that do you count all who are Catholics on one side and all who are not Catholics on the other ? " Rev. Dr. MorrisŠ" No, sir, we count all who are Catholics on one side and all who are of evangelical faiths on the other side." Then presently Senator George inquired,Š " Exclusive of the Mormons, too ? " Rev. Dr. MorrisŠ" No, not the Mormons. They would be evangelical in one sense." And so the Mormons have become evangelical! We don't see, then, why the churches should make such a great complaint about the Mormons and their hierarchy so long as they can be classed with the evangelicals. But Dr. Morris says they are evangelicals in one sense. He didn't say in which sense it is, but it is presumable that they are evangelicals because they favor the Bible and the teaching of religion in the public schools. From Dr. Morris' speech it is evident that those who favor the use of the Bible and the teaching of religion in the public schools, are evangelical, and all who oppose it are not. All who favor it are evangelical, even though it be the Mormon Bible and the Mormon religion which they favor. Joseph Cook favors the Ed-, munds amendment rather than the Blair amend-ment to the Constitution. And the Edmunds amendment proposes to allow the reading of the Bible in the public schools. It would devolve upon the people in each State or Territory or school district to say what Bible should be read, and the majority, having the power to decide, would have the Bible which pleases the majority. Where the Catholics are in the majority it would be the Catholic Bible; where the Protestants are in the majority it would be the Protestant Bible; and where the Mormons are in the majority it would be the Mormon Bible. But, as the Mormons are evangelical, we suppose it is badly unorthodox to protest against any such system. We do protest, nevertheless. We deny the right of the Protestant majority to compel the Roman Catholic minority to read, or to listen to the reading of, the Protestant Bible in the pub-lic schools. We likewise deny the right of a ma-jority of the Catholics to compel the Protestant minority to read, or listen to the reading of, the Roman Catholic Bible in the public schools. We deny the right of the Mormon majority to compel the gentile minority to read, or listen to the reading of, the Mormon Bible in the public schools; and we deny the right of the evangelical Protestant and Mormon majority together to com-pel the unevangelical Catholic and gentile minor-ity to submit to the dictates okietir unevangelical religion. The sum of it all is, that by no right whatever can religion ever be taught, or the Bible read, in the public schools. A. T. J. 