-Prt-tg A_MEkTOA_N SEc: 4. "That all military and naval drills,musters, and parades, not in the time of active service or im-mediate preparation therefor, of soldiers, sailors, marines, or cadets of the United States on the first day of the week, except assemblies for the due and orderly observance of religipus worship, are hereby prohibited, nor shall any unnecessary labor be per-formed or permitted in the military or naval service of the United States on the first day of the week." When everything shall have been for-,  bidden the soldiers, sailors, marines and cadets, as is here proposed, except assem-blies for the due and orderly observance of religious worship, suppose that they do not want to assemble for the observance of religious worship, will they then be assem-bled for that purpose ? And how are they to know what is the "due" observance of religious worship in the meaning of the laW, except they shall be instructed ? Hav-ing gone so far in religio-political chican-ery after the manner of Constantine, they might take the next and requisite step also, according to the example set by him,Łand teach them the, "due" observance of re-ligious worship, as he did,, by having them to assemble and repeat at a given signal a prayer also enacted by Congress and adapted to the governmental authority of the United States. SEC. 5. " That it shall be unlawful to pay or to receive payment or wages in any manner for service rendered or for labor performed or for the transpor-tation of persons or of property in violation of the provisions of this act, nor shall any action lie for the recovery thereof, and when so paid, whether in ad-vance or otherwise, the same may be recovered back by whoever shall first sue for the same." This section is identical, word for word, with the one in the original bill. When-ever anybody receives any pay at any time for work done on Sunday, the first man that will sue for the money, is to have it. It makes no difference who he is or where he comes from if he finds out that anybody has received money for work done on Sun-day, all he has to do is to enter suit, and the law says he shall have it. This section aptly befits the cause to which this bill is committed. The only effect the bill as a whole can have upon those who are not really religious is to compel them to be idle, and this section simply proposes to put a further premium upon idleness by compelling the man who chooses to work rather than to be idle, to pay the idler for the exercise of his own honest industry. The lazy loafer who will never do anything if he can help it, can spend his time watching the industrious citizen, and if he can detect him in com-mitting the heinous crime of performing any honest work on Sunday, for which he shalt receive any pay, the loafer can re-cover from the industrious man a sufficient amount to support him in his idleness several days. This is a fine thing indeed, an excellent provision of law, for the loafers. -Government is supposed to be founded in justice. Courts are supposed to be courts of justice. But we should like very much indeed for somebody to show upon  what principle of justice this section is founded, and by what principle of justice any court can be guided in enforcing the provisions of it. SEC. 6. " That labor or service performed and rendered on the first day of the week in consequence of accident, disaster, or unavoidable delays in mak-ing the regular connections upon postal-routes and routes of travel and transportation, the preservation of perishable and exposed property, and the regular and necessary transportation and delivery of articles of food in condition for healthy use, and such trans-portation for short distances from one State, Dis-trict, or Territory into another State, District, or Territory as by local laws shall be declared to be necessary for the public good shall not be deemed violations of this act, nor shall the provisions of this act be construed to prohibit or to sanction labor on Sunday by individuals who conscientiously be-lieve in and observe any other day than Sunday as the Sabbath or a day of religious worship, pro-vided such labor be not done to the disturbance of others." This section is identical with the same section in the original bill down to the directions for the construction of the act. In the original bill the provisions of the act were to be so construed as "to secure to all the people the religious observance of the Sabbath day." But the bill as now presented is to be so construed as neither to prohibit nor to sanction labor on Sunday by those who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day than Sunday as the Sabbath or a day of religious worship. Thus the government proposes to allow labor on Sunday by those who observe another day, yet it carefully refrains from adding to the permission any such sanction as would imply that it is right for such peo-ple to work on Sunday. Yet nobody Can be partaker of this per-mission, unless he conscientiously believes in, and observes another day than Sunday as the Sabbath or a day of religious worship. The conscientious belief in and observance of a day, therefore, as a day of religious worship, is required by the government in those who do not want to keep Sunday; and as the other sections of the bill require that Sunday shall be duly observed as a day of religious worship ; that nothing shall be done that day except that which pertains to another world; to that which is sacred and holy; to the souls of men; and to the life to come; it is manifest that the object of the Blair Sunday-Rest Bill is the enforcement of THE RELIGIOUS OBSERVANCE OF A DAY. Consideration of the whole bill makes it plain that the modification of the title, to which we called attention at the.beginning of this article, is so utterly disingenuous as to be fairly open to the direct charge of ' fraud. The object of the bill is not to se-cure to the people the privilege of rest and worhip upon the first day of the week. It is to compel them to rest and to religiously worship on the first day of the week, or else on some other day if they do not choose to do it on Sunday. The modifica-tion in the title is simply to disarm sus-picion; and the exemption of those who  conscientiously observe another day as a day of religious worship, is put into the bill for no other purpose than to check- mate the opposition of the seventh-day observers. This would be manifest from the bill itself, even without anything fur- ther, but they have not left it td be' gath-ered from the bill only. Mrs. M. E. Cat- lin, superintendent of Sabbath Observance Department of the W. C. T. U. for the District of Columbia, has distinctly de- clared it in these words : " I think that we have taken the wind out of their sails by giving them an exemption clause." Dur-ing the past summer Dr. Crafts has de-nounced the Seventh-day Adventists as the chiefest opponents of the bill, and they propose now to check this opposition by this provision in the new bill. But from what we know of that people, we hardly think they can be caught by any such chaff as that. Nor is this the only effort that is made to disarm suspicion and check opposition. In some places the organizations that are formed auxiliary to the American Sab-bath Union, take the name of " Civil Sun-day " associations. And in conventions where they cannot carry resolutions in-dorsing the Sabbath as a religious insti-tution, they will modify them so as to carry them' in favor of Sunday as a civil institution. By such modifications and compromises, they hope at last to succeed. But whatever turn they may take, now or in the future, will not relieve them from the just charge of desiring the enactment of a national law for the enforcement of the religious observance of a day; because their real intention has been clearly re-vealed in the first steps taken ; and whatever modifications they may afterward adopt, will not in the least change the original intention, but only the appearance, and that simply for policy's sake. The only safe and consistent position to occupy in relation to Sunday laws is the position maintained by the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, that of uncompromising opposition to every form of Sunday law that may be invented. Such legislation means only mischief, and let the opposition be carried on everywhere more vigorously than ever. A. T. J. Religion and Law. [This article from the American Standard, San Francisco, Cal., is a good illustration of the beauties of governmental interference in matters of religion, and religious education.] WHAT will seem to most people a strik-ingly unjust decision was recently handed down by the judge of a New South Wales court. The case in brief is as follows : A father, professing the Roman Catholic faith, dies and leaves the guardianship of his daughter to his wife, also professing the Roman Catholic faith. For ten years the child is taught the faith embraced by both of its parents. At the end of the ten years the mother became a member of the 