AMERICAN SENTINEL. 505,  , ROMAN CATHOLICS and others in the vicinity of Orange, N. J., have been considerably stirred by the reported appearance of the "figure of St. Anne" on a rock in a quarry of the Orange Mountains. A number of people plainly saw "St. Anne," and some even dis-tinguished the infant form of the Virgin Mary in St. Anne's arms. There seems not to have been a doubt in any mind that the mysterious image was really that of "St. Anne," notwithstanding the total lack of authority on the question of St. Anne's personal characteristics. It is a point generally overlooked in connection with these oft recurring apparitions of the Virgin Mary and the "saints," at Catholic shrines or elsewhere, that nei-ther Roman Catholics nor any others possess the slight-est knowledge of the Virgin, or St. Anne, or others whom they worship, by which they could distinguish them personally from Jezebel or the daughter of Herodias. The image of Jupiter in a pagan temple of Rome served very well after the empire became "Christian," for the statue of St. Peter, and had its great toe piously kissed by multitudes of devout worshipers. As a matter of fact, the Virgin Mary and all the other Catholic "saints" that once had an existence, have been resting quietly in their graves since the day of their burial, totally uncon-scious of the prayers addressed to them by the living, or of a single fact in any realm of knowledge under the sun. THE editor of the leading atheist organ published in this city, The Truth Seeker, contends that there is no proof in nature and no evidence cognizable by the senses, of the cardinal doctrines of the Christian religion, such as redemption, the atonement, the resurrection, etc. He declares that these doctrines rest merely on some-body's wordŠon traditionŠand says that mere asser-tions in support of a dogma do not prove its truth. Having said this, he proceeds to make emphatic asser-tions of the absurdity of Christian doctrines, in order to prove their falsity. Ł Ł IN reply to statements made by the SENTINEL that full proof of the existence of Christ to-day, and of the truth of Christian doctrines, is to be found in the Chris-tian life, and that it does not rest on tradition, the Truth Seeker asks, "Where, in nature, is there any God to be found in human flesh? What have we but the  word of the 'true' Christian for it? And what proof is his -word? Such talk is theomania . . . the worst form of epileptic insanity, in which the lunatic thinks and say that he is God, and then he goes to the insane asylum!" Ł As WE said before, the proof of Christianity is not in anybody's word, but in the Christian life. The Christian life is the life of Christ, and the life of Christ testifies that he is not dead. The life of Christ is manifested by the "fruit of the Spirit." There are the fruits of the Spirit, and the fruits of the flesh, and the same life cannot bring forth both, any more than a tree can bear two opposite kinds of fruits. "The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance." The "works of the flesh," on the other hand, are "adultery, fornication, unclean-ness, lasciviousness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, vari-ance, emulations, wrath, strife, seditious, heresies, envy-ing, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like." Gal. 5:19-22. WHEN the individual whose life has manifested the "works of the flesh," who has been quick-tempered, over-bearing, selfish, covetous, a liar, or a thief, or an adul-terer, or a murderer, a drunkard, or a vicious person, or a reveller, etc., forsakes his evil ways and becomes kind, loving, peaceable, temperate, patient, unselfish, it is evidence that he has a new life. And it is complete evidence, too; it is an actual demonstration of the fact, which anyone acquainted with that individual can see for himself, with no other aid than that of his natural senses. This is the witness that God has placed in the world of himself. Ł Ł AND yet the atheist stands and inquires, "What have we but the word of the 'true' Christian for it? And what proof is his word?" Ignoring the real proof, which he might see if he would, or which if he does see, he is not honest enough to acknowledge, he declares that there are only assertions to support Christianity, and that assertions constitute no proof; and then straightway he attempts to disprove it all by assertions of his own. To make his attack upon Christianity, he runs out on the very bridge he has condemned. And it is all the bridge he has to stand on, too. Ł IF the assertions of Christians prove nothing, what do the assertions of the atheist prove? We do not claim that the mere assertions of Christians prove anything; Christianity does not depend upon such proof. Atheism, on the other hand, depends upon assertions entirely. There is positive, visible proof of the Christian life, as has been shown; and therefore there can be no proof to 