AMERICAN SENTINEL. 245 spect of an' holy day, or of the Sabbath days, just as little as in meat, or in drink. We are safe, according to Scripture in esteeming every day alike. Matt. 12:8; ColŁ 2:16, 17; Rom. 14:5, 6. But even though all the citizens of a State were to regard Sunday as a divine institution, in other words, if all were first-day Sabbatarians, the State would still have no right to concern itself with the matter. For how can the State demand the performance of religious duties? Ł As far as the Sabbath as a civil institution is con-cerned, much might also be said and has, indeed, been said by two judges of the Supreme Court of California in a noteworthy decision. It was pointed out that the State has no right to concern itself unnecessarily with the affairs of individuals, and that where the protection of common interests comes into consideration, the rights of individuals might be restricted to acquisition and posessions. Experience teaches that a community is endangered not so much by excessive labor on the part of the citizens, as rather by laziness. Then again one man requires more rest than another. If the legislature fixes a day of rest, it may also fix two, then it may also determine how much each citizen must work. Ex-Commissioner Morgan on the Catholic Church in Politics. HON. THOMAS J. MonGAN, Commissioner of Indian Affairs under President Harrison, gives in a San Fran-cisco journal, by request, a "brief statement of the recent attitude of the Roman Catholic Church regarding the education of the Indians, especially with a view of re-cording its position in reference to the appropriation of public money for sectarian uses." Being in a position to know fully the facts relating to this subject, Mr. 1N/or-gan's statements are entitled to full credence, and should be of interest to every American citizen. They show that the AMERICAN SENTINEL and all those engaged in calling public attention to ecclesiastical encroachments upon the domain of the civil government, are not rais-ing a false alarm or fighting a man of straw; but that the enemy alleged to be combatting the principles of free government in these United States is very tangible, and the danger which threatens is very real. The ex commissioner speaks of the establishment in Washington of a "Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions," which "stood as the representative of the Roman Catho-lic Church in American politics." In connection with this statement let it be remembered that this is not the only ecclesiastical bureau established at the seat of the national Government to influence legislation; that there is a Protestant "Reform Bureau" there under the man-agement of Rev. W. F. Crafts, which is doing even more to undermine American principles separating church and tate than is the Catholic bureau, and has the support  of the largest religious organizations in the land. What Mr. Morgan says with reference to the Catholic estab-lishment applies equally in principle to this establish-ment run by Mr. Crafts and the religious combines call-ing themselves Protestant. We have space only for the most pithy of the state-ments of Ex Commissioner Morgan upon the subject in question. These are as follows:Š "There had long been established in the City of Wash-ington an institution known as the 'Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions,' having a president, director, secretary, and other officers and clerks, which had for its specific work the supervision of the education of Indian children in Roman Catholic institutions; for a broader mission the securing of appointments of the largest possible number of Roman Catholics in the Government Indian Schools, for a still larger mission the securing of the ap-pointment of agents, clerks, and other appointees in any branch of the Indian service; and for a still wider object the securing of such legislation as would be helpful to,  the Roman Catholic Church, and the preventing of any legislative or administrative action that could in any-wise interfere with its widest possible sphere of activity among the Indians. This bureau, as organized, stood as the representative of the Roman Catholic Church in American politics. It had apparently the confidence and the support of the Roman hierarchy; was in touch with the representative men of the church everywhere; had its agents and representatives on the. Indian reserv-ations; was ceaseless in its vigilance and activity in the lobby and the committee rooms of Congress, and did not hesitate to urge its claims for sympathy, support and advancement not only upon cabinet officers but even upon the President of the United States. It was a com-pact, wellŁconstructed, aggressive, efficient machine, or-ganized for the promotion of the political interests of Roman Catholicism, and ready to use any and all means essential for the accomplishment of its purposes. It seemed utterly unscrupulous: "The chief of the Educational Division in the Indian Office, who had the practical oversight of the entire sys-tem of education, whose duty it was to recommend to the commissioner the appointments and removals of teachers and other subordinate officers, was a Roman Catholic. He had few, if any, qualifications for the posi-tion he occupied, but was a zealous churchman and used his power to the utmost for the promotion of the inter-ests of his church. Several government schools were placed entirely in the control of the Roman Catholics; a cross was erected over one of the buildings; another gov-ernment building, costing $40,000, was turned over to a bevy of nuns imported from Canada; a Roman Catholic Church was built in its immediate vicinity, and the whole establishment, church and school, was as much a con-vent as though it stood on the banks of the Tiber. -The Roman Catholic catechism was introduced as a part of the daily curriculum in government schools, and the pu-pils were zealously taught to believe that the Roman Catholic Church was the only true church. Wherever it could be done Roman Catholics were appointed either as superintendents, matrons, principals and teachers, or, if these places were not available, then to such subordi-nate positions as were within reach. Every effort appar- , 