"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 40. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 10, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, 1. - - - EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. GOD'S WARNING AGAINST YIELDING TO SUNDAY LAWS. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL has from the first opposed all movements in this country and elsewhere the success of which, through religious legislation, meant a union of Church and State. It has opposed such movements because they were contrary to natural right and jus-tice, contrary to the free exercise of conscience, and against the interests of both the State and the Church. But there is another reason, and one of im-measurable weight and significance, wherefore the SENTINEL raises its voice against them; and that one is based upon those interests and that relation of the individual which are para-mount to all others, namely, his eternal inter-ests and his relation to his Creator. That reason is stated in the plainest and most emphatic language by God himself. Let it be remembered that these movements for se-curing religious legislation relate almost wholly to a divine institutionŠthe SabbathŠand that they exalt and aim to thrust upon the world by force a day which has been made a rival to the Sabbath God has appointed, and which he commands all men to keep. Therefore it is not strange that God should have spoken explicitly upon this subject, and should have uttered a most solemn warning against yield-ing allegiance in this matter of Sabbath ob-servance to the power which has exalted itself against him. That warning is given in these words : "If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his .forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with .fire and brimstone in the prisence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb. And the smoke of their  torment ascendeth up forever and ever; and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiv-eth the mark of his name." Rev. 14: 9-11. Let all the world hear, and tremble at these words of the most high God! The very essence of worship is obedience. The verse following those we have quoted, reads: " Here is the patience of the saints; here are they that keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." The saints Šthose who worship GodŠare those who keep his commandments. Whoever does not keep God's commandments, worships not him, but another and opposing power. The Saviour, in his condemnation of Phar-iseeism, said, " In vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." Matt. 15 : 9. The " beast " and his " image " to which this warning message of Revelation 14 relates, are mentioned in the preceding chapter; and there are recorded some of the characteristics which identify them, and an outline of the work which they are to do. Verses 1-10 of this chapter are descriptive of " the beast." The remainder of the chapter speaks of " an-other beast," in nature like the first, though lamblike in appearance, which says " to them that dwell on the earth that they should make an image to the beast," and causes themŠas many as will yield to its powerŠto receive the " mark" of the beast in their right hand or in their forehead. It scarcely need be said that this language cannot have reference to literal beasts. No literal beast could talk to people and compel them to do work, as is here described. They are symbols which prophetic scripture employs in speaking of earthly governments. Among the characteristics of the " beast " are " seven heads and ten horns," the body of a leopard, the feet of a bear, and the mouth of a lion. Verses 1, 2. A lion, a bear, and a leopard, are symbols used in the prophecy of Daniel to represent three successive universal empires,ŠBabylon, Medo-Persia, and Grecia. Dan. 7: 9-6, 17, 23. After them arose Rome, greatest and most powerful of all, which ruled over their territory and incorporated what was theirs into itself. Hence it would not be in-appropriately symbolized by a beast having some of the features of these animals. Daniel lived at the time of the empire of  Babylon; and the fourth kingdom which arose after his time was the kingdom of Rome. And even to-day there is a kingdom of Rome Ša spiritual empire which arose upon the ruins of the civil empire, and still continues to wield despotic sway over untold millions of subjects. This " beast" had seven heads and ten horns, and upon its horns were ten crowns. When the civil empire of Rome was broken up, it became divided into ten kingdoms (see Dan. 2: 40-44), and this divided state con-tinues to-day, notwithstanding the efforts of several great military leaders to weld them again into one empire. But, meanwhile, the spiritual empire of Rome grew and extended over all these nations; and though materially checked by the Reformation, continues a mighty and growing empire to-day. One of the seven heads of " the beast " was "wounded unto death ;" but "the deadly wound was healed; and all the world wondered after the beast." The head governs the body. The heads of " the beast" governed the empireŠRome; not, of course, at the same time, but succes-sively, from its rise down to the present day. Since the kings, the consuls, the triumvirates, the dictators, the emperors, etc., of Rome passed away, the papal head has ruled the empire, though given a deadly wound in mod-ern times by the loss of temporal power. In the palmy days of the papacy she wielded not only spiritual but civil power, forcing kings and emperors to do her bidding; but at last, when the Reformation had checked her influ-ence, the sword of civil power was turned against her. In 1798, a French army entered Rome, took the pope prisoner, and carried him into exile. For a time the papacy seemed to have received her death blow. But, as the prophecy says, "the deadly wound was healed." A new pope was soon appointed, and with marvelous vitality She rallied in a measure from the shock, and continued on her course. And the truth is only too plain that in recent times the power of Rome has been fast increas-ing, her hold strengthening in nearly every civilized landŠnotably, alas, in our ownŠupon the agencies through which civil author-ity is exercised. How long will it be ere she is able once more to control those agencies for her own ends? And to-day all the world looks upon her 