TIE SENTINEL =O' EIDEwry. 503 wear an earthly crown,. Nor is it altogether unac-countable that the chosen twelve, who were the daily companions of the Lord, expected until the very hour of his betrayal, that he would yet be a tempo-ral prince, uniting divine authority with human, the sanctions of religion with the power of the sword, and making his kingdom one of this world. It was extremely difficult for them to receive the idea of a spiritual dominion resting on the power of grace and truth. On a High Plane. But it was such a kingdom, on a plane far above that of any earthly authority, that Christ came to es-tablish. It was such a kingdom that he professed to rule in his language to Pilate: " My kingdom is not gpf this world. If my kingdom were of this world, my servants would fight." " I am a king. To this end have I been born, and to this end am I come into the world, that I may bear witness to the truth. Every one that is of the, truth heareth my voice." Pilot was convinced by the divine bearing and can-dor of Jesus that whatever might be his authority, whether real or imaginary, it pertained to religion and not to the state; it rested in no degree. upon secular power, and contemplated in no case an ap-peal to the secular arm; and this testimony of Christ was in absolute harmony with the whole tenor of his life and teaching. He took no step to connect his cause with the state as such. He threw out no hint ,of its needing the support of the civil power. He provided for no statesmen or soldiers to carry on his work, but only for preachers and teachers. Had not the Jews been strangely tenacious of their belief and strangely blind to the spirit of Jesus they would have perceived much sooner than they did that his do-minion over men must ever be spiritual, no imagin-able state of affairs being likely to make him accept an earthly crown. Christ's Dominion Not Civil. And his apostles came at last to understand this. By the death, the resurrection, and the ascension of Christ; by the outpouring of the Spirit on the day of Penticost and the light of inspiration added to that .of providence, they were made to know that their Lord's dominion was not civil and national, but spiritual and universal; not of this world and sus-tained by force, but from above, and supported by grace, and to comprehend the new and great fact that, though engaged in a fearful conflict, the weap-ons of their warfare were not carnal, but mighty  through God to casting down strongholds, and,bring- _ ing every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ. And one of them, writing to the Ephesian saints, utters, in view of their spiritual foes, this stir-ring cry: " Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that ye may be able to withstand in-the evil day, and having done all, to stand," going on then to enumer-ate in terms of blessed confidence the parts of this divine panoply for the Christain. All of them may be embraced in four wordsŠChristian character and Christain truth. Without the former his readers were sure to be betrayed by traitors within, and without the latter they were in danger of being put to shame by external foes. But armed with grace and truth from him who has infinite store of both they were able to repel every assault and win from seeming de-feat real victory. The Simple Majesty of Truth. The records of history justify this language, for the rage of paganism, fierce as a bear robbed of her whelps; the scorn of philosophy, falsely so-called; the sword of the state wielded by the fanaticism of a perverted church, and the pride of natural science soaring with untried wings into the heights of specu-lation, have been met one after another and put to shame by the simple majesty of Christian character and Christian truth. Indeed, these are the only weapons with which they have ever been successfully met. They are weapons of celestial origin and temper, not made with hands, but given by the Lord of life, and therefore are they certain to prevail over those of grosser ma-terial fashioned by the skill of man. The lesson from all this would seem to be that the kingdom of 'Christ is independent of the state, rul-ing in a higher sphere and with a view to higher in-terests, having laws and forces of its own that agree in character and work in harmony towards the same great end, and that any attempt to unite the two must be fraught with peril to the higher, if not to the lower. Most manifest is it that the higher has no need of direct assistance from the lower in accomplishing the ends for which it was established among men, and that any admission of the lower into its proper domain and work will soil its purity and weaken its power. GOD asks no man to administer his divine law. 