626 AMERICAN SENTINEL._ tory tenant, there was= brought into the case the utterly foreign, because exclusively disciplinary, question as to whether in the Catholic Church a bishop can remove a priest at will. It is not strange that the Catholic Church authorities should try to bring into the State court, and have cog-nizance and jurisdiction taken of it there, the question of church discipline; because that church, just like some other churches, is always ready to seize every possible opportunity to get the power of the State to enforce the discipline of the church. This, therefore, was only to be expected on the part of the church authorities. But it is passing strange that any court in any State in the American Union would allow for one moment any question of church discipline to be considered in its pro-ceedings. Yet this Wisconsin court did admit this ques-tion of church discipline; did take cognizance of it, con-sidering "much expert testimony on canonical law;" and did exercise jurisdiction therein, holding that the bishop "has the right to transfer a priest from one parish to another." It is no wonder, then, that the sympathizing corre-spondent should say that "the easels one that has been watched with the liveliest interest by church people, as it involved the foundation principles of church discipline." And all this behig true, it is perfectly plain that by the action of this court the power of the State of Wisconsin stands committed to the enforcement of discipline in the Catholic Church. In other words, by this action of that court there has been formed to that extent a union of the State of Wisconsin with the Catholic Church. What a spectacle it is to see a court of an American State sworn to maintain a constitution that is distinctly committed to the complete separation of Church and State, yet gravely receiving and weighing expert or any other testimony on canon law, and deciding, according to the weight of such testimony, which, of course, was all one way ! Does the State of Wisconsin stand in the Middle Ages? Are the people of Wisconsin subjects of the Church of Rome, that they must be ruled by canon law? Does membership of the priesthood of the Catholic Church in Wisconsin make a man so completely a subject of Rome that the power of the State will be employed to compel him to obey the laws of the church? It is stated that the case will be appealed to the Su-preme Court of the _State. We should think it would. And when it shall have been so appealed, we hope there may be found judges in that court who live and think in the nineteenth century instead of the twelfth; who will con-sider the constitution and laws of the State of Wisconsin instead of the laws of the Church of Rome; and who will have regard to the rights and liberties of the people of the United States and of the State of Wisconsin, rather than the discipline of the Church of Rome or of any other church..  As the clergy house, as well as other church property, is legally owned by the bishop, he has a perfect right, equally with any other landlord, to turn out at any time  any disagreeable tenant : and the State should support him in it, just as it does any other landlord. But whether bishops of the Catholic Church have the right to remove priests at will from their parochial offices is the business of nobody but the priests, bishops, and people of the Catholic Church : and this is their business solely in their, churchly connection, and never as citizens of a State or of the United States. Therefore no court of any State, nor of the United States, can ever rightly take notice of any such question. And if in settling this question among themselves in their churchly connection, and in their own disciplinary way, they resort to the use of "stones and clubs on the part of the assaulting party, and a revolver in the hands of the priest," as was done in this case, then the State should prosecute and fine the ring-leaders, and the whole gang of them if need be, for breach of the peace, precisely as it would any other rioters. And this the State would do, without any thought or inquiry as to canon law, but to preserve the peace according to the-laws of the State; without any reference whatever to the question as to whether a bishop can remove a priest at will, or to any other matter of "the foundation principles" or any other principles "of church discipline," but with sole reference to the "foundation principles" of civil government that in enforcing churchŁ discipline, even according to canon law they must not disturb the peace, nor violate the law of the State by rioting and murdering one another. Instead of sitting and receiving "expert testimony" on canon law, that court should have listened 'to plain, every-day testimony as to who led in the rioting, who threw stones, who used clubs, who used a revolver, and why. But as must always be the case, and this case is a,  good illustration of it, whenever church matters are taken cognizance of by the State, rioting and violence may be carried on unquestioned, while the court spends its time considering expert testimony, casuistical questions on canon law! Questions as to the faith of the church take precedence of questions as to the law of the State: the church takes precedence of the State : the ecclesiastical power dominates, the civil. Ł -4 4 WantedŠA " Reform " Bible. To meet the demands of some of the prominent reli-gious "reform" movements of the day, we need a new Bible, in which there shall be some very material altera-tions of important texts. For instance, the first verses of Isaiah 61 would need to read like this:Š The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord hath anointed me to preach the gospel of Christian citizenship; he hath sent me to bind the transgressors of the law, to proclaim captivity to Sabbath desecrators, and the closing 'of the prison doors upon many that are at liberty; to proclaim the turning of all bad men out of political office, and the reformation of the world by the power of civil lafw. 