372 AMERICAN SENTINEL. vance has been made in knowledge, in freedom, inwealth, and in the arts of life, has been made in spite of her, and has everywhere been in inverse proportion to her power. The loveliest and most fertile provinces of Europe have, under her rule, been sunk in poverty, in political servi-tude, and in intellectual torpor; while Protestant coun-tries, once proverbial for their sterility and barbarism, have been turned by skill and industry into gardens, and can boast of a long list of heroes and statesmen, philoso-phers and poets. Whoever, knowing what Italy and Scotland naturally are, and what, four hundred years ago, they actually were, shall now compare the country around Rome with the country around Edinburgh, will be able to form some judgment as to the tendency of papal domination. The descent of Spain, once the first among monarchies, to the lowest depths of degradation, the elevation of Holland in spite of many natural disadvan-tages, to a position such as no commonwealth so small has ever reached, teach the same lesson. . . . On the other side of the Atlantic the same law prevails. The Protestants of the United States have left far behind them the Roman Catholics of Mexico, Peru, and Brazil." Whatever has been, or is now, the enlightenment of the American people, we confess that we have little heart to congratulate them upon it, when the very moment they are denouncing another people for their ignorance, and barbarity, and general lack of all humane principles, past and present, they are themselves yielding to the control of the very power of lawlessness to whose domin-ation is due,  the blackest pages of that history and the largest share of the present deplorable conditions. When the people of this country have so far forgotten the great Reformation and its benign influence upon their own destinies; when they have so far forgotten why their fathers came to this continent and why they established the American government; when they have so far forgot-ten the great and eternal principles of justice and liberty pronounced at the formation of that Government and which have ever been its true glory; when they have so far forgotten all the lessons taught both by the history of their own country and of Europe; when, in fact, they have so far forgotten everything that is worth remem-bering, as on the one hand to ascribe their national greatness to the fact that they "match human against humanŠnot man against brute," and on the other to allow themselves without a word of remonstrance and almost with sycophantic complaisance to become "en-closed in the coils,of the insidious diplomacy" of a power whose history for upwards of thirteen centuries has shown it to occupy "the highest place among the contrivances which have been devised for deceiving and oppressing mankind,"Šwe say when all this occurs with them, their condition stirs indeed with deep emotions the heart of every true patriot, but they are emotions not of pride and congratulation, but of pity and despairŠof pity for them and of despair of their future freedom. Madison and Jefferson, were they living to day, would exclaim with even more vehemence than in its original utterance, "We know no name which will too severely I eproach our folly !" Would it not be vastly wiser and better in every re-spect, for the Times-Herald, instead of attempting to make capital out of Spanish bull-fights, and publishing laudations on "the patriotism of the Romon Catholics," and accounts of Archbishop Ireland's wonderful "peace efforts," to awake to the real danger to this country and speak accordinglyŠspeak as would Jefferson, Madison, Macaulay, and every lover of liberty who has, ever lived, were he and they alive to-day? I., Ł 4 Items of W. C. 1. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. "THE universal education of successive generations" in the science and ethics of alcoholic beverages was Mrs. Hunt's burden, and she saw the public school as the me-dium by which this must be accomplished. Every boy and girl was due some time for a longer or shorter term at the public school-house, and here at this gate of entry she would station the representatives of truth. She would appeal to the boyish pride of strength, and the girls desire for grace and beauty; she would make nature itself cry out through these instincts that are as uni-versal as life, against that indulgence which destroys the fine proportions of the growing animal; dwarfs, deforms, and degrades all loveliness. She would pit science as well as revelation against custom and appetite and see what it would do for the race after the third and fourth gener-ation. She began the discussion of her great theme in her home Union, and from thence worked out to the Na-tional, which in 1880 created for her the Department of Scientific Temperance Instruction in Schools and Colleges, and made her its superintendent (which position she still holds), and promised to stand by in her arduous under-taking. Her's was the dream of a prophetess. All that she saw ought to be goon, will be by and by in the restora-tion of all things; but by "faith she brings it nigh," at least near enough to keep her in perpetual courage. No more practical woman can be found among us; none stronger nor more God-reliant as she keeps working away at her part of the great problem. Mrs. Hunt recognized at once the relation of law to public school education, and with the habit of directness which is, peculiar to her, she went for the legal end of the question at once. Since it.  was the law that fixed the school curriculum, she would make the law the friend of her client, the child of to-day, and those that should be of him. She drafteil a bill, and with such limited help as the National could give her, succeeded in persuading the legislature of Vermont to make it a law in November of 1882. This law provided that all pupils in every school should be instructed in physiology and hygiene with spe- 