any change for the better since the fall of man ? and if like causes will not still pro-duce like effects ? LOOK ON THIS PICTURE, THEN ON THIS. A. D. 31. Sanhedrim, Jerusa-lem. Caiaphas said: "It is expe-dient for us that one man die for the people, and the whole nation perish not." John 11:50. RESULT. "Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death." Verse 53. And killed the Prince of Life." Acts 3:15. A. D. 321. Roman Empire. The bishops of the Christian Church wanted the help of the State to carry out their am-bitious plans, and, foie this pur-pose, secured from Constantine a Sunday law. See Neander, RESULT. The power conferred in Or-der to,convert the world, and make all men Christians, al-most swept Christianity from the face of the earth. Pagan Rome was far less ferocious against God's people than the " Vicegerent of the Son of God," acknowledged and sup-ported by the civil power. A. D. 1887. Convention, Lake-side, Ohio. Dr. McAllister said: "It is better that a few should suffer, than that the whole Nation should lose its Sabbath." WARNING. " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the leant of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." Matt. 25: 40. A. D. 186$. United States of America. The Clergy again seek the intervention of the civil power, in order to uphold their waning influence and tottering institu-tions. God will not help theta; they are determined to have their way; and they, too, ask for a Sunday law. WARNING. Some things are never satis-fied. The cry is, and will be, " Give, give." Says Dr. Crafts, in his "Sab-bath for Man," "We want more than this." A. D. 1786. The popular exponent of na-tionalism in France, M. Necker, the Minister of Finance, stated his idea of human na-ture, and philosophical gov-ernment, in his words to Mira-beau, who proposed an en-tirely different regime: " I can not accept your plans, you would govern by policy; mo-rality is our basis." We will release the people from all restraint; for it is the bondage they groan under that is the cause of all the evil in the nation. Remove the cause, and the people will instantly be perfect. Their moral na-ture will assert itself, and they will have no desire to do wrong. All that we need is the law to make the people free. RESULT. The theory was founded on wrong premises; and didn't work in the way the philos-ophers, in their simplicity, ex-pected it would. There was a terrible retrograde movement at once. Although Necker had been the idol of the people, his theories brought only con-fusion, and he was obliged to resign his position and go into temporary exile. Satan was delighted to see law and order laid aside; he hates all law, and delights in chaos, As soon as the restraints were cast off, he led them captive at his will. And the Reign of Terror is a fair sample of Sa-tan's good-will toward men. A. D. 1787. In the Hall of the States-General of France, Robespierre said: "Capital punishment is a crime against society, and should never be inflicted." Ev-idently this was because the punishment generally fell upon the lower orders, and he was "making a bid" for their favor. By and by he had the power to inflict capital punish-ment. RESULT. He complained that the heads were not falling fast enough to please the people; he must have one hundred and fifty a day. Finally, his friends had to sentence and execute him to save their own lives. And it is worthy of notice that the majority of those who were guillotined in that awful A. D. 1889. The new nationalism, based upon the flimsy philosophy of Bellamy, assumes that, pecu-niary interests being entirely removed by absence of compe-tition, the people will be en-tirely free from sectional, self-ish, or partisan influences; and the sense of duty and desire of applause will be the guiding motives. Suppress the " brute principle" of competition, and have the new and beautiful principle of " association " in-stead. Let the Nation provide work, food, raiment, shelter, and pocket money for every individual in the Nation, and if there isn't work for all, why, then, keep the idlers from do, ing unpleasant things by pay-ing them for doing nothing. And this will make a perfect nation. (See Olivet Echo, May, 1890.) Those who are posted will recognize exactly similar de-mands by the American Sab-bath Union. See Report of Hearing on Breckinridge Bill. WARNING. Neither constitutions nor laws have power to make men good, not even the perfect law of God. Its design is altogether different. It points out sin, as man's laws point out crime, but can never change the char-acter. Forces within the man must do this. Nothing that the State can do will convert a single individual, but the " em-barrassing legislation," so gen-erously promised by the Sun-day-law advocates,would make multitudes of hypocrites. The National Reformers of this generation profess lamb-like innocence:Š" One can but smile at their apprehensions of the success of a movement which would not harm a hair of their hSads." Š ChristIan Statesman, But it don't work that way at all I Their theory is not.practical, so it must be wrong some-where; and the reader of THE SENTINEL Will not have much trouble to find out where that wrong is. See how would-be National Reformers have ap-plied the "embarrassing legis-lation" of individual States, and see what kind of a smile it would provoke to have similar laws adopted and enforced by frttn AMERICAN' 8nNTINEL, 21 and equal protection in the exercise of their religious rights, no matter what may be their religion, and no matter whether it be true or false. What the State should do in regard to popular education is to provide,. at the public expense, adequate 'facilities for the secular instruction of the children of the land, and leave all persons who wish to make provision for their re-ligious education to do so in their own way and to pay the bills thereof. Our political system admits of. no other Ł solu-tion of the school question so far as the State is concerned; and when Catholics and Protestants come to this reasonable conclusion, and content.  themselves with it, they will -see things as, they are, and have no school question to settle as be-tWeen themselves. All efforts to make the. State-a party to their religious prefer-ences are simply efforts to 'get the State out of its proper sphere, and must at last, and should, end in failure.ŠIndependent. w..  Striking Parallels. GIVE men the power to do evil, and they will be just as certain to exercise it, as the bey is to use his first jack-knife; if for nothing else, he will do it out of curi-osity to know how it works; and 'men will generally find motives fully as powerful as this to prompt them to use their "sword of authority." MORAL :ŠDon't play with edge tools, nor leave them where they can be " played with " by any one else. The leaders of the National Reform movement are, whether fortunately or unfortunately, many-sided, I had almost said two - faced, in .stating the objects Ł which they hope to attain, and the process necessary to secure them. To those who are conservative, and with prudent fore-sight,, warn against the evils religious leg-islation would bring; they reply, "Surely you can trust us; are we not the representa-tives of God ? Do you not think that God will appreciate the compliment we pay him, by enthroning him in the Constitu-tion of this noble land, sufficiently to pre-vent evil-minded men abusing the power we ask for ? He will not allow those who serve him in the right way, to be injured in any way." And some are deceived by such asser-tions. But others, who have an object in view themselves, are approached in a different manner; there is not the reticence with them that is necessary in influencing the unselfish, patriotic heart, so the words are less guarded, and it gives rise to " clashing voices," sometimes, aye, often, clashing statements by the same voice, and not so very far apart, either. Now, as it is sound philosophy to accept the ex-perience of mankind, recorded in history, as the best guide in all important matters in which we cannot be guided by our own practical, personal experience, we pre-sent.  a few parallels from history, asking the readers if human nature has undergone time, guffettrt death for no crime of their °Wit, hilt because their parents were among the nobles. A name counted in those days, but counted against the owner, and cost him his head. They killed Louis XVI. and his Queen, not out of ha-tred, but, having the power, they hunted up, or Satan sup-plied them with, a motive to answer their purpose; and the two who had been the highest objects of the nation's love and respect, were sacrificed because, in the first place, the king gave the people what they asked for. That was his only crime, but it was a fatal one. Instead of satisfying the people, it but made them eagor for more; and having now the power in their own unsteady, unskillful hands, they made sad havoc with it. They not merely killed friend and foe, but they destroyed the former, and allowed the latter to de-stroy them, The Sunday Law in California. EDITOR DAILY TIMES : I see by your is-sue of November 24, that the American Sabbath Union has been regaling the peo-ple of San Jose with the beauties of a proposed Sunday laW for California. The Union's representative seems to think that because a Sunday congress was held in Paris, and because attention was called to the subject in a labor congress in Ger-many, that we must needs have a Sunday law in this State. This line of reasoning is not surprising, coming as it does from a man who thinks we ought to have a re-production of Julius Caesar in this climate. The two ideas are about on a par; and if California and the United States should be so unfortunate as to secure the Sunday laws after the pattern designed by this Eastern jobbery house, we will no doubt have some Ccesarism duplicated before we get through. The Sabbath Union is a New York in-stitution  whose chief aim is a national Sunday law; but during the recesses of Congress it skirmishes around the country in search of smaller jobs that are calculated to strengthen its position on the main is-sue. It has always maintained that a civil SundayŠnot a religious SabbathŠis all that it aims to have legalized, but in all the speeches and writings of its represent-atives, the covert intent of a religious institution always crops out. According Ł to the Times' report, the San Jose effort was no exception. . The 'subject, " The Enemies of the Sab-bath Movement," was well calculated to let out the real motive of the movers. Where was- the necessity of laboring to prove that this is a " Christian Nation," as a reason for a Sunday law, if it be only a civil rest day that is wanted ? For such a purpose, what is the difference whether the Nation is Christian or not ? By the way, it is but two years ago that an ex-traordinary effort was made to get pe-titioners for a national Sunday law. Every Christian denomination (excepting two small seventh-day sects), men, women and, national authority, " recogniz-ing God's pokvor behind them." We imagine a min of satis-faction, rather than any more benevolent "smile," and es-pecially prominent must it be upon those who can see that they are entrapping the poli-ticians, the men that make laws, Read Senator Crockett's " Plea for Liberty," in Arkan-sas, and the account of per-secutions in that State and in Tennessee, and of the arrest and attempted persecution of Seventh-day Christians in Missouri. These prove that the spirit of religious persecution is not dead, nor even dormant; it simply awaits a favorable moment and the longed - for legislation, to spring forth in all its old-time fury, WILLIAM MAY. 