NOVEMBER 8, 1894. 349 on Sunday, I do not consider that my rights are invaded, and I shall not invade the rights of others by asking that Congress, State legislatures, or national commissioners compel them to act in harmony with my view of Sabbath sacredness. Personally, I wish that all men were consistent Christians, and that the Sabbath were universally observed ; but all are not Christians, and all do not observe the Sabbath. Under these circumstances it is the duty of the Church to use the God-appointed means to accomplish these reforms. When these fail, the responsibility rests with the individual trans-gressor.. Christians have no right to appeal to civil law to compel men to conform to their ideas of wor-ship. I am opposed to securing compulsory Sabbath ob-servance, either by laws avowedly in the interest of such observance, or under cover of purely civil enact-ment. I simply want the Sabbath institution to stand on its own eternal foundation, unaided by laws im-pelled by political strife, embittered by partisan feel-ing, as one of the blessed gifts of an all-wise- and loving Creator to humanity for humanity's good. The blessings of the Sabbath will be realized by all who observe it, but when an institution of the loving Creator is made by any man or set of men, a means to coerce or render less happy the lives of others, then the Creator is dishonored; religion is injured, and the individual is farther from the kingdom of God than though he had been left free to be won by the power of the gospel. . . . When we attempt by the power of the civil law to compel the observance of our ideas by others, an unseen hand will write, " Ichabod " over our portals, and our glory will have departed forever. The Sunday Question in Waco. WACO is a beautiful city of perhaps twenty thousand inhabitants, admirably located on the Brazos River, near the centre of the State and surrounded by rich agricultural lands, from which immense crops of cotton, corn, wheat, and oats are gathered every year, but it is greatly handicapped by mossbackism, and religion of the sour-godliness type. It has more fine churches and high salaried preachers than any other city of its size in the State, though, morally it is no better than the worst of them. Lately some enterprising citizens have arranged for a cotton palace exposition, which is to be open during the month of November, and from what we can learn it will be a credit to the city, but no one will be allowed to see it on Sunday. The board of directors passed a resolu-tion to open it on Sunday, but the preach-ers who have always had a monopoly of that day for transacting their business set up such a howl that the board, like good little Sunday-school boys, made hot haste to rescind their action and now it is to be kept closed so tight on the " Lord's day " that a mouse could not get in. It is said there are about twenty churches in the city with seating capacity for possibly six thousand people, which leaves fourteen thousand which could not get into them if all should take a notion to go to church at once. Now we think the majority who could not be accommo-dated in the churches should have the privilege of attending the cotton palace if they want to, but this dog-in-the-manger spirit of the preachers will not permit them to do so. To open the cotton palace on Sunday need not close the churches provided any-body wants to go to church. To extend to the public the privilege of attending the cotton palace on Sunday would not hinder anybody from going to church who wants to go, and if there are people here who would prefer the cotton palace to the church, we think in all fairness they should be allowed to go there, since every one who wants to go to church is perfectly free to do so. There is no reasonable excuse for such narrow-minded bigotry, and that, too, in  deference to a minority of our citizens, for we feel perfectly certain that if this Sunday question could be left to a vote of the people, the cotton palace would be opened on Sundays just as it will be on other days. We would not be in favor of denying the churches any privilege that rightfully belongs to them, nor do we want to see them interfered with in their right to spend the Sunday just as they please, but they have no right to prevent other people from doing the same. A majority of our people are not likely to attend the churches during the time the cotton palace will be open, and if they should, there is nothing to prevent their doing so except that the churches are not large enough to hold them. It is plain enough to any observing per-son that all this fuss about desecrating the Sabbath is business with the preachers. They know well and good that if the cot-ton palace is kept open on Sundays it will knock down church attendance, and that will be money out of their pockets. They are not willing to put their preaching in competition with the cotton palace, for if they should we doubt if half their own members would go to church a single Sunday during the exposition period. There are many people here who cannot attend the cotton palace on a week day without losing a day's work in addition to the gate fees, and many will be here over Sunday, on expenses that will be a dead loss to them. . Ł . We are not astonished at the turn this thing has taken, for Waco is a priest-ridden city. It has its full share of sa-loons and other sinks of corruption that are patronized day and night with fre-quent robberies and murders, but the line is drawn at desecrating the "holy Sab-bath." We hope to see many readers of the Pulpit here during the opening of the cot-ton palace, but they are advised to come early in the week so as to return home before Sunday. Š Independent Pulpit, Waco, Texas. Enforcement of Sunday Laws in Switz- erland. BY W. H. MCKEE, BASEL, SWITZERLAND. THE appealed case of Elder H. P. Holser, manager of the publishing house of the Seventh-day Adventists, at Basel, Switz-erland, bas been heard by the Federal Tri-bunal,Šthe supreme court of the federated cantons,Šat Lausanne, and the decision of the lower courts affirmed. The costs of the appeal, however, were ordered paid by the State. This case was brought under Article 14 of the factory law, which reads thus :Š Labor on Sunday is prohibited, eases of necessity excepted, and with the exception of such establish-ments as by their nature require an uninterrupted continuance and have for this obtained the permission of the Federal Council (Bundesrath), in accordance with the previous Article 13. In an institution of this kind also the second Sunday must remain free for each workman. The cantonal legislature is at liberty to appoint far-ther holidays on which factory work may be prohib-ited as on Sunday. These holidays may, however, not exceed the number of eight during the year. Such festival days can be declared binding by the cantonal legislature only for those professing that creed. Those who will not labor on other church festival days shall not be fined because of refusal to work. This law applies to every establishment employing five or more workmen; every  such institution being adjudged to be a factory under the terms of the law. It has always been the custom, in every in-stitution belonging to the Seventh-day Adventists, in all parts of the world, to perform ordinary labor on Sunday. Mr. Holser, as manager, and therefore respon-sible, was arrested for the work done on Sunday in the Basel publishing house, convicted, and condemned to both fine and imprisonment. The case was carried from the city police court- of Basel to the court of appeals, where it was decided against Mr. Holser, and he addressed the following appeal to the Federal Council,Šthe court of last resort :Š To the Swiss Bundesgericht at Lausanne, HONORABLE PRESIDENT AND JUDGES:Š Gentlemen : The undersigned is a member of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination, which has thir-teen churches in French and German Switzerland, and a large publishing house in Basel, in which from twenty-five to thirty hands are employed. Our first object is to serve God, in whose name the Federal Constitution is proclaimed. We recognize God's law of ten commandments as supreme, the fourth of which enjoins rest on the seventh day. This un-changed law we observe, just as it is written in the Bible, and accordingly rest on Saturday and work the other six days, including Sunday. Our highest object being the observance of the ten commandments, our people have gained a good repu-tation for being,quiet, orderly and industrious. (The truthfulness of this statement may be attested by ref-erence to the citizens of Basel, where we have a church of a hundred members.) During the first years of its existence, our publishing house was not interfered with by the police authorities; but during the last two years we have been fined eight times for Sunday work. These fines, amounting to 320 francs, we could not conscientiously pay, because they were imposed in consequence of our keeping the ten commandments, and therefore were unjust. Hence the authorities seized my private household goods, and sold them at public auction. August 16, I was again sentenced to three weeks in prison, and 200 francs fines, or forty days in prison, for having worked Sunday August 12, and in addition was threatened with the closing of our business en-tirely. An appeal to the Court of Appeals, Basel-Stadt, resulted in a confirmation of the decision of the police court ; hence I appeal to the Federal Council, and base my appeal on the following:- 1. As Protestant, I acknowledge the Word of God as my only rule of faith and practice. To me, the Bible is the revealed will of God. Chief among the expressions of the divine will are the ten command-ments, the fourth of which says, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, . . . but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. In it thou shalt not do any work." This command enjoins labor on the six days as well as rest on the seventh. It is God's express command to me, and my hope for eternal life depends on explicit obedience to this as well as all other commands of Jehovah. Human laws are enforced to the letter, not even a word being allowed to be changed. How much less ought we to change the law of the Supreme! Believing thus, it is impossible for me to obey the law forbidding me to work on Sunday, a day on which God commands me to work. My inability to obey this Sunday law does not arise from a fanatical fancy of my own, or of some sectarian leader, but from alle-giance to the ten commandments which Christians have in all ages acknowledged. 2. According to God's word, Sunday is for us a rival institution to God's Sabbath. It stands as the sign of authority of a church which we as true Prot-estants cannot accept. It has been argued that the Sunday law does not oblige us to accept the day as a religious institution, but simply to lay aside our sec-ular work on that day. But as Sunday observance in Switzerland consists simply in not working, when we cease to carry on our regular work, we keep the day to all intents and purposes. The only way to show that we do not keep the day is for us to work on it. Therefore, by forcing us to lay aside our secular work on this day, Sunday laws oblige us to accept an insti-tution directly opposed to our faith. 3. The object of Article 14 of the factory law, under which I am condemned, is to protect the labor-ing class against the avarice of the capitalist, by se-curing him a day of rest each week. Our house does not allow work, under any circumstances, on the sev-enth day, so each employ is absolutely sure of a weekly rest-day, and thus we certainly meet the object of the law. With scarce an exception, our employs observe the seventh day as a matter of conscience. When compelled to lay down their work on the first day also, they suffer under this law which, according to its chief promoters, is philanthropic, not oppresŁ 