786 THE SENTINEL ,O.P content. The forces of darkness are still strong, and it seems sometimes' as if the Middle Ages would swallow up everything won by modern strug-gles. Many alarms prove false, but it is the steady strain that tells on'the mood. It is pathetic to see how men fear to face the future. No one has the heart to probe the next decade. The outlook is bounded by next Sunday in the park or theater. The people throw themselves into the pleasures of the moment with the desperation of doomed men who hear the ring of the hammer on the scaffold." One can not help being, reminded of those words uttered in Judea by the chief Prophet in the presence of His disciples, as His eye rested upon an age of the world then future: " Distress of nations, with perplexity; *, * * men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth." Luke 21: 25, 26. Can it be that we have reached the period of human history to which these prophetic words relate? .4 .4 THE women of the W. C. T. U. are determined to destroy the army canteen, or military saloon. Dur-ing the recent session of the National W. C. T. U. at Washington, the House passed an act abolishing the canteen, and an earnest effort is being made to secure favorable action in the Senate. Something of the nature of the contest and of the feeling that is being engendered by it may be gleaned from the following from the Washington correspondent of the Record of this city: " The ladies of the W. C. T. U. have invaded the Senate and made earnest pleas for the abolition of the canteen before the committee on military affairs last Saturday. None of 'them had ever seen a can-teen, but they had plenty of statements from others. A man of the name of Crafts, the same who says that he witnessed an orgy of the President and his cabinet over four bottles of appolinaris water in the President's room at the capitol on the closing night of the last session of Congress, testified that he had visited a canteen at Newport during the Spanish war and witnessed horrible scenes there. - He said the soldiers were all drunk and that half of them deserted that night. The records of the war depart-ment show that Crafts must have been mistaken. There was no canteen at Newport during the Span-ish war;, there was no camp of soldiers there; there was,- no, such desertion as he describes from any company or regiment at any camp during the war; but it is not a matter ,ofŁ any consequence, because  Crafts has been before congressional committees repeatedly, and 'no attention is now paid to bis statements." It is doubtless true, as charged by Mr. Curtis, that Dr. Crafts was unfortunate, or he may have been even reckless in some of his statements, but certainly in this fight against the army canteen he is on the right side. The Government has no right to be in the saloon business. It is to' be hoped that a good cause will not be injured by unwise methods. 4t TOO HUMANE." CAPTAIN-GENERAL CAMPOS was " too humane " to, bring the war against the Cubans to a successful conclusion, and so he was recalled and General Weyler was placed in command. Our own war de-partment it is said found fault with General Otis because he was "too humane," and he was suc-ceeded by General McArthur, who is,  being urged to adopt more drastic measures against the Filipinos. Lord Roberts was also " too humane," and has been succeeded by Lord Kitchener. But as long ago as last September Lord Roberts took the position that the Boers were no longer waging a legitimate war and had, no right, moral, natural or other, to perse-vere in their struggle for their nationality against British authority. So 'he served notice: " First, That the farm nearest the scene of any, attempt to injure the railroad line or wreck a train' (that is, break British communications) ' is to be burnt, and that all farms within a radius of ten miles are 'to be completely cleared of their stock, supplies, etc.' " Second, That all women and children of Boers in arms against Britain, who may be living in towns occupied by the British army, will be expelled from those towns and compelled to 'seek protection where they may." Lord Roberts defended this latter measure as necessary in order to. preVent the transmission, Of intelligence to "our enemies.", 'He notified General, Botha to warn his burghers who had wives and chii,,-dren in towns occupied by the British, 'to prepare to receive, them, and'he continued: " As nearly all the passengers' vehicles belonging to the Netherlands railway company have "been re-moved eastward * * * the families, must * travel in trucks. I will endeavor to provide Mrs:. Kruger, Mrs. Botha, and as many other ladies as 