26 AMERICAN -SENTINEL. advantages of a seventh day of rest," and all others as well, have no need to try to secure it for themselves, since God has already provided it; and more, they have no business to select another day than that one which he has provided. And especially have they no business to force that other day, or any day, upon other people who are amenable to God's requirements in common with themselves. God designed the Sabbath day to be kept by an individual whether he lost trade by doing so or not. There are sacrifices in the Christian life; but an individ-ual is not to be deterred from obedience to God's re-quirement by fear of the consequences. He is to leave all consequences in the hands of God, and believe that God is amply able to take care of them. That is the very essence of Christian faith. The individual who is not willing to obey God with-out being guaranteed against temporal loss in doing so, thereby declares that he has no faith, and that his profession of ChristianityŠif he makes oneŠis a sham. God's Sabbath law covers the whole field of a weekly rest for every individual on the earth; and there is no room for further legislation in the matter. Any such legislation by man is an intrusion into the sphere of individual duty towards God; for every individual is to-day in duty bound by that precept which commands rest upon "'the seventh day." Such legislation therefore can be productive only of evil. Man made laws for Sabbath observance have always been productive of evil, and of that only. History fur-nishes convincing testimony upon this point. American Colonial Government Exemplified in Alaska. AMERICAN colonial government, which is to be set up in the territory taken from Spain, will not be a new experiment. For thirty years the territory of Alaska has been practically a United States colony, and from its government one may fairly judge of the character of the government which will prevail in the new colonies, under American rule. It happens that the bishop of the Russian church in Alaska has just retired from his con-nection with the church in that territory, and has taken the occasion to address to President McKinley an appeal in behalf of his people there, asking relief from the evils they have suffered in consequence of the gross mis-gov-ernment which has prevailed up to this time. The me-morial is a timely production, and gives food for profit-able thought to every advocate of "expansion." It reads as follows:Š "MR. PRESIDENT : Called away by the will of the highest ecclesiastical authority in Russia, I am about to leave forever America and my ministry here, and, in wishing all heavenly and earthly blessings to yourself and to the country of which you are at present the rep- resentative, I consider it my duty once more to address to you a few words on a subject not unfamiliar to you, owing to former communications from me, in the hope that these words of mine may find their way to your heart and induce you to take action in a cause dear not to me alone but to all Russia. "Alaska stands in need of radical reform in all direc-tions. This I wrote to you in a former memorial; this I repeat to you now. It is not enough that certain rights were secured to the country in the Treaty of 1867, by which it was ceded to America by the Russian govern-ment; those rights should be protected with firmness by the law and the authorities. A limit must be set to the abuses of the various companies, more especially those of the Alaska Commercial Company, which, for over thirty years, has had there the uncontrolled manage-ment of affairs, and has reduced the country's hunting and fishing resources to absolute exhaustion, and the population to beggary and semi starvation. A limit must be set to the abuses of officials who, as shown by the experience of many years, are sent there without any discrimination and exclusively on the recommendation of Alaska's unmovable guardian, Sheldon Jackson. And lastlyŠAlaska must be delivered from that man. By his sectarian propaganda he has introduced dissension, enmity and iniquity where those evils did not before ex-ist. It was the Orthodox Church which brought thelight of truth to that country; why then try to drive her out of it by every means, lawful or unlawful? "In the name of humanity, of justice and freedomŠof those very blessings for the sake of which you declared war against SpainŠI make these requests. Will you be acting consistently if while waging war for the liberty of Cuba, Porto Rico, and the Philippines for their human rights you ignore all these things at home, in a part of your own country which has been waiting thirty years for the blessings promised to it? And are not we Rus-sians fully entitled to demand of you for Alaska that in the name of which you have taken up arms against Spain? I have been for seven years the head of the Or-thodox Church in AmericaŠand, Mr. President, I speak not from hearsay, but from my own observation and experienceŠknowing, besides, the history of past years anything but superficially. Whatever abnormal facts were pointed out to me by government agentsŠfacts which were generally the product of the abnormal con-ditions in which our clergy are placedŠI uncomplain-ingly corrected. Now, by the grace of God, there is noth-ing there, I believe, that could be laid to our charge. "The only thing which may possibly be brought up against us is that we profess the true faith and have not yet divested ourselves of our sympathies for Russia, the land of our own faith. But is that really sufficient ground for blame and persecution? There is no danger whatever in that to American rule in Alaska, as some persons would perhaps have you believeŠif only from the reason that our church never meddles with politics, and our clergy never busied itself, either at home or any-where else, with intrigues of that sort. We should not be plaCed on one footing with the Jesuits. Our church allows us only to remonstrate with the highest author-ity on behalf of the oppressed and innocently suffering, which I have done repeatedly in this case, but never al-lows us to incite citizens to sedition or treason. "And at this moment it is exclusively from a sense of duty, not from any other feeling, that I, as the late arch- 