AMERICAN SENTINEL. 501 This is not the way in which this unity is being sought by the churches. It is being sought through a confed-eracy; not through love, but through force; and the re-sult will be not Christian unity, but a union which will bring persecution to those who put their trust in the Lord of hosts alone. MR. J. BANTA, of Romulus, N. Y., a warm friend of the SENTINEL, and who has sent us many subscribers, writes: "I am pleased to learn that the friends are re-sponding so liberally to your special offer. This is right, for the SENTINEL is the best little paper of its kind pub-lished anywhere, and I wish it great success." Church and State in Australia. As stated recently in the SENTINEL, the people of Aus-tralia are in the midst of a contest over the question whether or not there shall be a formal recognition of God in the constitution of the new Federation of the Austra-lian colonies. The conventio.n which met recently at Adelaide, to draft the constitution, left this recognition out, though the delegates were put under the pressure of numerous petitions from the churches asking its inser-tion. The churches have not given up the contest, and are now petitioning the colonial parliaments for an amendment to the constitution which will recognize God in the way they demand. One of the petitions that is being circulated reads thus:Š " To the Honorable the Speaker and Members of the Legislative Assembly of , in Parliament assembled:Š "The petition of the undersigned members and adhe- rents of the congregation within the Presbyterian church of humbly showeth : That your petition- ers are earnestly convinced that in the Bill for the Con-stitution of the Commonwealth of Australia now before your Honorable House, there ought to be a recognition of the Almighty God as having sovereignty over nations and as supreme Source of all righteous law and equitable government. That this recognition could be easily and briefly effected by some such wording of the Preamble as the following : Whereas the people of New South Wales, Victoria, etc., in dependence upon Almighty God, have agreed to form one indissoluble Federal Commonwealth,' etc. That your petitioners therefore pray that youf Honorable House will make such amendment in the Pre-amble to the said Bill as will embody the desired recogni-tion. And your petitioners will ever pray." The following counter petition is being circulated by those opposed to the Church-and-State movement:Š "To the Honorable the Speaker and Members of the Legislative Assembly of , in Parliament assembled :Š "We, the undersigned adult residents of , be- lieving that Religion and the State should be kept entirely separate; that religious legislation is subversive of good government, contrary to the principles of sound religion,  and can result only in religious persecution, hereby hum-bly_ but most earnestly petition your Honorable body not to pass any measure or amendment for the insertion of any religious clause or declaration of religious belief in the Constitution of the Australian Commonwealth which might be taken as a basis for such legislation, but that in this respect it be allowed to remain as framed and adopted by the delegates to the Adelaide Federal Con-vention." The following reasons are set forth as the basis of this counter petition against governmental recognition of God:Š "1. Because religious freedom is right. "2. Because religious legislation interferes with reli- gious freedom. Ł "3. Because a religious declaration in the Constitu-tion lays the foundation for religious laws, the enforce-ment of which means religious persecution. "4. Because faith is a voluntary act and cannot be forced. "5. Because, to say in the Constitution, which speaks for all the people, ' We believe in God,' would be to say what is not true, for ' all men have not faith.' 2 Thess. 3:2. "6. Because a religious basis to the Constitution and laws of a nation would practically disfranchise every logically consistent unbeliever; but unbelievers have the same rights in civil government as believers. "7. Because only that which is Caesar's is to be ren-dered to Caesar. Religion pertains to God, and is there-fore to be rendered only to God. Matt. 22:21. "8. Because civil government can of right have noth-ing to do with religion. "9. Because, as all history shows, any legal connec-tion between Church and State is injurious to both. "10. Because all force in religious matters is con-trary to the spirit of the gospel, which is to teach by per-suasion and conviction, and not by law or force, and law means force. "11. Because Christ said, `My kingdom is not of this world' (John 18:36), and it is wrong, therefore, to attempt to make it of this world. "12. Because if a small concession is made to reli-gious bigotry, more will be demanded, and intolerance will follow. "13. Because any movement in favor of rcligious legislation is contrary to the principles of Protest-antism, and a virtual concession to the papacy, which for so many ages has steadily warred against liberty of conscience." Many of our readers will recollect the time when a similar agitation prevailed in the United States, when Congress was asked by a great petition of the churches and religious societies, to make a governmental recogni-tion of God and give governmental support to certain religious dogmas. How soon that agitation may break out again, more fiercely than ever, no one can say. It is just as likely to occur here as in any other part of the world. Human nature is the same and the demands of the churches are the same, here as in Australia. Such occurrences elsewhere should admonish all lovers of lib-erty to redouble their own watchfulness at home, and be prepared to spring to the post of duty at a moment's call. 