GROUND PLAN OF THE EXPOSITION. 754 - -SNTINŠEi., OF LTIBETZT- South, and Central America, and it mefifs: 01/4e apTL,.,  Proval of Congress and of the peopleof'the Unite States." March 3, 1899, Congress appropriated $5oo,000, and declared that ," it is, desirable to encourage the ,holding of,ia'Pan-AmeriCan Exposition Ov..the Niag-ara frontiet in the,  city Of.,,Buffalo.,.in thle'Y*r 190, fittingly t6:-  illustrate the iCiarvelo4LdeVeloPnient the Western Hemisphere during the nineteenth cen-tury, by a display of the arts, industries, manufac-tures and the products Of the soil, mine, and sea," and also declared that "'the proposed-Pan-American Exposition being confined, to the Western' Hemi-sphere, and being held in the near vicinity of the great Niagara cataract, within a day's journey of Which reside forty million people; would unques-tionably be of vast benefit to the,commercial inter-eStS, not only of this country, 'but of the entire `hethisphere, and should therefore have the sanction of the Congress'of the United States. Invitations :Were issue 4-  by the natiOnal Govern-ments through, the.;  Department ,c4 ,.,5:t4te;' in Juife, 1899, to 'all-the nations of the Western Hemisphere to participate in 'the. Exposition.' Official accept-ances have been received from Canada, Mexico, Flonduras,-Nicaraugua, Salvador, Guatemala, Guad-aloupe, Dutch Quiana, Bolivia, Argentine Republic, Chili, Costa Rica, Brazil,Pern,VeneiUela, -and Haiti. There are some twenty independent governments and as many more. dependencies in the Western Hemisphere. It is expectedthat neatly all of theSe countries and island groups will be represented at the Exposition. Site of the Exposition. The site chosen for the Exposition consists of a plot of 350 acres, including 133 acres of improved park lands and lakelets, in the northern part of the city. The site is about one mile long from north to south by half a mile wide, of somewhat irregular shape. The main approach from the city will be Ihrough one of the most beautiful parks in the worldi. The site has not alone the merit of extra-orditiaty beauty but is the most accessible of all thoseavailable. Its northern boundary is the New York Central Railway's double-track belt line which encircles the city. The entire twenty-six steam railways which enter Buffalo will have access to these tracks and to the great Exposition station. On three -sides of the Exposition grounds are elec-tric trolley lines connecting with 300 miles of city and suburban tracks, and a five-cent fare mill carry the passenger to the most remote points within the city limits. 4 , Classification, of -Exhibits. The scope of the Exposition is very broad, in-tending, to show to the world in a most interesting Ł way the progress of all the nations of the three Americas during a century of marvelous develop-ment. 'The exhibits will have groupings as follows: Electricity and Electrical Appliances. Fine Arts: Painting; Sculpture, and Decoiation. Graphic Arts: TYpograPhy,-'Lithography,` Steel and Copper-plate Printing,'Photo-Mechanicar'PrOc-esses, DraWing, Engraving, and Bookbinding. Liberal Arts: Education, Engineering, Public Works, Constructive Architecture, Music, and the Drama.  Ethnology, Archeology, Progress of Labor and inVentiOn, ISblated and Collective EXhibits. Food and itS' AceeSsories, Agrienl-turaF'Machinery and Appliances; 