I~ItI~i. 111111''.91iir'li11711111111011111111111111011111001tU110100010r0110P00$10iii41111110"1"Mili Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MAY 21, 1891. NUMBER 21. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. THE Mail and Express remarks that " a great deal of twaddle is written about opening the Metropolitan Museum on Sun-day." We have often thought as much while reading the inane editorials which appear in that paper upon this subject. We are glad that Editor Shepard sees it himself now; of course he will cease to offend in this respect much to the relief of the reading public. WHEN Harriet Martineau wrote that she had awakened from a state of aristo-cratic prejudice to the clear conviction of the equality of human rights, she con-fessed to just such a mental and moral change as is needed by the ecclesiastical aristocracy which is now so enthusiastic-ally urging legislation upon Sunday ob-servance and other religious questions. Religious prejudice is dangerous enough, but the prejudice of a religious aristocracy is doubly to be feared. NOTING the fact that the Rev. Mr. Pen-zotti, the agent of the American Bible Society, who has been in prison in Callao for eight months for holding religious services according to the Protestant order, has been released, the Presbyterian asks :Š Hi" shall he be repaid for months of unjust in-carceration in vile prisons and in the midst of vile associations ? Upon this, the Christian at Work says : WE can't say. Mr. Penzotti is not an American, never having taken out natura, ration papers. But it would be well that every missionary of an Amer-ican Missionary or Bible Society should be required  to do this. Then in the event of unjust imprison-ment our Government would be heard from. Yes, Mr. Penzotti ought by all means to have taken out naturalization papers either in this country or Russia, because either Government could have so consist-ently demanded redress from Peru seeing that they never allow persecution for con-science' sake in their own dominions ! The grass should at least be green upon the grave of the last victim of religious perse-cution in this country before we talk of demanding compensation for sufferers - from religious intolerance and hate in other lands. Questions and Answers. WE have received from a friend in Illinois, a series of questions called out seemingly by our discussion of Mr. Bier-bower's book on " Ethics for Society and Schools," with the request that the ques-tions be answered in THE SENTINEL for the benefit of the writer and others. We willingly comply :Š Question 1.ŠTell us, please, is true morality based on the ten commandments ? And if so on what was it based prior to the delivery of the law on Sinai? Answer.ŠTrue morality is based on the ten commandments. Yet more properly speaking the ten commandments are the expression of the supreme moral rule. They are the summary of morality itself, because they are the expression of the will of God. For says Romans 2 : 18, thou " kno west his will being instructed out of the law;" and the law there referred to, as the context plainly shows, is the law which teaches that men should not steal, nor commit adultery, nor idolatry. Men delight to do the will of God only when his law is written in their hearts. Psalms 40 : 8. These texts, with many others which might be cited, show plainly that the law of God, the ten commandments, is the expression of the will of God in respect to character, and God's will is supreme morality, because it is the expres-sion of the will of him who is supremely moral. True morality was based upon the ten commandments before the delivery of the law on Sinai as well as afterward, because the ten commandments existed before Sinai as really as afterward. Abraham knew the will of God, and kept the com-mandments. Genesis 26 : 5. Sin is the transgression of the law of God, and by the law also is the knowledge of sin. 1 John 3 : 4., Romans 3:20. Sin is not imputed where there is no law, for where no law is, there is no transgression. Romans 5: 13 and 4 : 15. The law of God, therefore, was known to man before he sinned, and his sin was the transgression of that law. "All unrighteousness is sin" (1 John 5:17), and as sin is the transgression of the law of God, it follows that that law is the expression of the righteousness of God, that is, it is the expression of the supreme idea of right. Accordingly, it is written, " My tongue shall speak of thy words for all thy commandments are righteousness." Psalms 119 :172. And " hearken unto me ye that know righteousass, the people in whose heart is my law." Isaiah 51: 7. Therefore, as the law of God, the ten commandments, is the expression of the will of God, in respect to character, and is the expression of the supreme idea of right doing, it stands demonstrated that the ten commandments are the basis and the expression of all true morality or ethics. The delivery of the law at Sinai, there-fore, was not by any means the beginning of the existence of that law. It was there given upon the tables of stone to perform its part in the work of the gospel which was shadowed forth in the sanctuary and its services. For the tables of stone were placed in the Ark of the Covenant beneath the mercy seat, in the most holy place, into which the high priest, as the repre-sentative of Christ in his priesthood, went alone once a year in the great day of atonement to make reconciliation for the sins of the people. Thus " the law entered that the offense might abound. But where sin abounded, grace did much more abound; 