38 THE AMERICAN 81NirINT1L. prejudicial mistake would be to write the history of Virginia, or of the United States, or of Christianity, without giving prominence to the prolonged and gi-gantic contest in this State for religious freedom, or the restoration of the Christly principle of spiritual worship."Š Struggles and Triumphs of Virginia Bap-tists. A Memorial Discourse, by J. M. L. Curry, p. 4. INFLUENCE OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ON RELIGION ITSELF. But what has been the influence of religious liberty in this country upon religion itself ? It has taught and developed the spirituality of the kingdom of Christ. It has unsecularized the Church, and made religion stand upon its own divine truth, and not upon the enactments of human Government,Š made it defend its fortresses and win its victories by its appropriate spiritual weapons, and not by the sword of the magistrate. In this respect, religious liberty has done grand service to religion itself, and freed it from a great disgrace and reproach. Religious liberty has thrown man upon his own responsibility to God, and taught him that religion is a personal matter,Šthat he must attend to its claims, and not rely on forms or rites or ceremonies or conformity to human laws for salvation; but needs to make it a matter of personal, individual, concern. It has thrown religious benevolence upon the hearts of Christians, and taught them to sustain their ministry, build their churches, endow their colleges and theological schools, and send forth its missionaries, by voluntary contributions.ŠThe Trials and Victories of Religious Liberty in Amer-ica. By Rev. G. S. Bailey, D.D., 1776.ŠA Centennial Memorial, 1876, pp. 59, 60. They [Baptists] have stood firmly up for religions freedom when no other people even recognized it... . I should state, as among the very chiefest of the achievements of the Baptists, the part they have borne in winning soul liberty. They have been, as a people, scarcely less zealous champions for civil liberty, though in this they have not stood alone, as they long did in respect to religious freedom. Their New Testa-ment principles have made them democratic.Š The Baptists: Who They Are, and What They Have Done. A Memorial Series. By Rev. Geo. B. Taylor, D.D., pp. 7, 9, 10. Religious freedom now generally prevails. All in our land rejoice, and would not have it otherwise. If it can be shown that the Baptists fought the battle and won the boon for all, should not all be willing to award them the meed of praise which is their due '? I submit three propositions:Š I. The Baptists have suffered from the violation of religious freedom by others. II. The Baptists, and the Baptists alone, of all Christian denominations who have existed for the period under consideration, have never violated re-ligious freedom. III. The Baptists, in every partiCular, stand forth pre-eminent as the champions of religious freedom. Suffering themselves for religion, they never perse-cuted others. . . . It is hard to prove a negative, but the challenge is confidently made to find a single in-stance in which the Baptists persecuted others. It cannot be done. Persecuted by others, they have themselves never in the slightest degree violated the great principles of religious freedom. While their own blood has been freely shed for their opinions, their hands are innocent of the blood of others. No martyr blood stains their garments, nor have they ever assumed any position or held any tenet subver-sive of soul liberty. In Virginia, in 1784, when the Baptists had well nigh conquered in their struggle for religious freedom, a compromise was proposed in the form of the famous assessment bill. Every one was to be taxed to sup-port religion, but to have the liberty of saying to which denomination his tax was to be applied. The Baptists saw that this was an alliance of Church and State, and that in it lurked the germ of persecution,Šthat it was, in fact, persecution; and though they had as much to gain by it as any other people, inasmuch as their principles were rapidly spreading, they not only declined for themselves, but earnestly protested against and opposed it; and though part of the time Šyea, in the pinch of the conflictŠthey stood as a denomination almost alone, they succeeded in defeat-ing it. In Georgia, in 1785, a law for the establishment and support of religion was actually passed, through the influence of the Episcopalians. It embraced all de-nominations, and gave all equal privileges; but the very same year the Baptists remonstrated against it,  sent two messengers to the Legislature, and it was promptly repealed. In both ministers and members they were the most numerous denomination; and their ministers might have lived on the public treas-ury, and occupied every neighborhood, but they knew that Christ's kingdom is not of this world, and pre-ferred to pine in poverty, as many of them did, rather than consent to the unholy marriage of Church and State. Their views of the individuality of religion and the spirituality of Christ's kingdom, compel them to be the champions of religious freedom. Just as they would not baptize an unconscious child, so they would not compel an adult to profess either religion, or any form of it; regarding both as essentially inconsistent With the individualism of religion and the unworld-liness of Christ's church. It is impossible for those imbued with and holding Baptist sentiments to be other than in favor of soul freedom.ŠThe Baptists and Religious Liberty. By Rev. Geo. B. Taylor, D.D., pp. 6, 8, 22, 24, 25, 26. For many centuries governments have impiously arrogated their competency to judge of religious truth, and, "by an unhallowed perversion of the means of salvation," have employed religion as an engine of civil policy. Not content with relying on learning and argument, they have used coercion and repression to enforce conformity to the religion of the State. One of the anomalies of history is that Protestants, coming out of the Roman Catholic Church and pro-testing against her tyrannies, should so readily have copied and emulated her repressive measures.ŠStrug-gles and Triumphs of Virginia Baptists. A Memorial Discourse by J. L. M. Curry, pp. 7, 11. THE CONFLICT FOR A BIRTHRIGHT. " With a great sum obtained I this freedom."ŠRoman Chief Captain. "I was born free."ŠPaul, an Apostle of Jesus Christ. Acts 22 : 28. Religious liberty is not mere permission to enjoy religious opinions, doctrines, and worship; it is the right of conscience responsible only to God, and be-yond control or regulation by any human power. Toleration is mere permission, endurance, sufferance, and implies the right to grant or to withhold, to con-trol or to regulate. The one is a demand and an in-dependence; the other is a concession and a subjec-tion. Liberty of conscience for every human being, Baptists have always demanded as a religious and an inalienable right, mere toleration they have as often repudiated as usurpation. Ł Among the principles always held by Baptists as taught in the Word of God are these: there is but one Lord in the churches of Christ, and one Lawgiver over thein; the churches have no human masters, "for one is your master, even Christ, and all ye are brethren ;" faith cannot be forced; obedience, to be valid, must be voluntary; a church of Jesus Christ is a community of personal end professed believers: the kingdom of Christ is not civil but spiritual, and not of this world; persuasion, not power, is the means of influencing men to follow the truth, the sword of the spirit not of the State; God alone can authorize ordinances for churches, for, "in vain do they wor-ship him, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men;" and, in all cases of conflict, we ought to obey God rather than men. Through long centuries of anguish and conflict Baptists have toiled, at every tread detailing martyrs to dungeons or to death, and faltering not until victory dawned. With a welcome to every living-soul to share the sweet results of their conflicts, they returned to build their waste places, and to enlarge their borders, only to find their deeds denied or forgotten, their his-tory calumniated, their very name a target for re-proach, and they only called "bigots."ŠReligious Lib-erty and the Baptists. By Rev. C. C. Bitting, Pastor of the Second Baptist Church, Richmond, Va. Although there may be some of Baptist profession who, forsaking these principles of truth taught by their forefathers, have lost the power - of God, and are now call-ing for the sword of civil government, in-stead of the sword of the Spirit, to convert men to the observance of the gospel pre-cepts and the Sabbath, the vast Majority of them would repudiate such an idea. Don't charge -that sin to the Baptist people I ISAAC MORRISON. EOM Portland,. Oregon. Origin and Work of the National Relig-ious Liberty Association.* THE introduction of religious measures in Congress and in various State Legisla-tures, within the last few years, is the cause which led to the organization of the National Religious Liberty Association. Certain men, observing the nature of these measures, and seeing in them a menace to the inherent rights of citizens as guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States, decided to raise a note of warning, and present to the people the dangerous nature of religious legislation, and, at the same time, to disseminate a knowledge of the true principles of relig-ious liberty, and show the relation which the civil Government sustains to it. The first organized form which this movement assumed, was in the appoint-ment of a Press Committee of seven, for the purpose of securing the publication of articles on the subject of religious liberty in the public press. This was in January, 1889. The efforts of the Committee were well received by the public, and as the work increased, it was seen that a more thorough organization, with well defined principles, was needed. Accordingly, July 21, 1889, the National Religious Liberty Associa-tion was organized, a Declaration of Prin-ciples set forth, and a Constitution and By-Laws adopted. Since that time the Association has,- 1. Sent its representatives to appear be-fore committees of Congress, and State Legislatures. 2. Secured the publication of numerous articles in many of the leading daily and weekly papers, and in hundreds of local papers throughout the land. 3. Published and circulated over 6,000,-000 pages of leaflets and other documents. 4. Defended those who have been prose-cuted for non-compliance with religious enactments, and is now (January 1, 1891) carrying a case to the Supreme Court of the United States, to test the constitution-ality of Sunday laws. 5. Presented petitions to Congress against religious legislation, to the number of 300,-000 bona fide signatures of adult residents of the United States. 6. And has had the satisfaction of pre-venting the passage of religious laws, both by Congress and by several State.  Legislatures. -Ł  THE friends of religious freedom in Texas are making an earnest effort to se-cure the repeal of the Sunday law of that State. It is to be hoped that they will be successful. Sunday statutes are certainly-not indigenous to the free soil of the Lone Star State, and ought to be easily killed. NOTHING can be great which is not right.ŠSamuel Johnson. *From the revised National Religious Liberty Association manual, 