ERICAN SENTIN for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press PublishIng Co. A MERICAN SENTINEL. 445 political power, State power. But to seek such power in religious work is to deny the gospel. In the gospel there is all the power any Christian needs for the successful ac-complishment of Christian work. Paul says the gospel is `the power of God.' More than this, when Christians seek to accomplish their ends through the ballot box,' they thereby limit their power to numbers, and place their strength upon a purely numerical basis; for there vote simply.stands against vote. On such lines they can-not succeed unless they are in the majority. But God's method of reckoning the strength of His people is very different. When they are connected with Him, and de-pend upon His power for the performance of their allotted work, He says 'One man of you shall chase a thousand,' and two put ten thousand to flight.' Josh. 23:10; Deut. 32:30. "Again, Professor Harper said they intended to take such an attitude that politicians and men running for office would understand that the churches were 'a body of voters to be reckoned with.' This again degrades the church to a mere political level, and estimates its influ-ence by the intimidating threat of how many votes it can cast in a political campaign. "We are in hearty sympathy with the idea that the children need religious instruction, that no education is complete without such instruction, and that there is a lamentable want in this respect at the present time, as evidenced by the moral corruption and irreligious tend-encies characteristic of the rising generation. But we are not in sympathy with the League's proposed method for remedying the evil. Religion, pure religion, the reli-gion of Jesus Christ, cannot be inculcated through polit-ical measures and acts of Parliament. Neither has God made it incumbent on the State to see that men are brought up in faith. That is the work of the Church. And when the church endeavors to make the State do this work it is shirking its own responsibility. God never said to the State:Š " And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart: and thou shalt teach them dili-gently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the  nor a journeyman; I am not a man on wages; I am not a hired man,ŠI am a MAN ! " This is very well so far as it goes; but the Lord wants an individual to be "a MAN" every day in the week, by becoming a son of God. Why not become reconciled to the Lord's way, and trust in the power of divine grace to make us what we ought to be, instead of in the power of a human statute? A WARM friend of the SENTINEL at Marquette, Kansas, writes: "To test whether subscribers could be secured for the SENTINEL here, I went out and in two hours received six subscriptions, the money for which I enclose. I am sixty-nine years old and not able to do much, but I simply wanted to learn whether or not the people here were willing to buy and read on the subject matter of the SENTINEL, and have found that they are. I shall do more soon." FULL particulars of the unprecedented offer of the SENTINEL will appear next week, and we trust our friends everywhere will prepare to take advantage of it. "RELIGION and the State in Japan," by J. A. Brun son (see page 442), comprises two articles, the second of which will appear next week. BY mistake, last week's issue was sent out as No. 28, which is the number of the present issue. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.' Deut. 6:6, 7. "No ; this is God's instruction to His people, to the church, to parents. Here rests the responsibility; here is the tap-root of the whole question; here is the solution of the whole difficulty. Let parents do their duty in this respect, and the problem is solved. But if they fail, if they are not religious themselves, if they do not fear God and obey his commands, where is the hope for their chil_ dren? We hear a great deal about our 'godless State Set schools;' but the difficulty is not with the State schools, but with the 'godless homes' in which the children are brought up." THE "New England Sabbath Protective League," says its organ, the Defender, bases its conviction that "all classes and conditions of labor" ought to be made to take a weekly day of rest, upon "the great principle so felicitously expressed by Henry Ward Beecher, when he declared of Sunday: 'It is meant to be the one day in which a man shall feel, I am not a toiler, I am not a worker, I am not an underling, I am not an apprentice, ORGAN OF THE International Religious Itiberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, ADDRESS, ArIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. Per Year, Six months, Three " - - $1.00. - .25. 