170 R.IH_;4Nr.111[NE.,11L,s. Vol,. 10, No. 22. Again, in the same year (1871) it was held by the same court'that the power to enact a Sunday law was collected from the general powers delegated to maintain good order, but added: "The power is a very high preroga-tive, and is supported by the principle involved in the preservation of morals and the duties of citizens upon the Lord's day." In 49 Ga., 436, Bass vs. Irvin, it is said that " the code denominates it [the first day of the week] the Lord's day, and as the Lord's day, all courts and magistrates are to consider it." It is quite evident from these authorities that while the Sunday law of Georgia is a " civil " law in the sense that it has a place upon the statute books of the State and is en-forced by the civil courts, it is no more civil than -Would be any other law requiring the observance of any other religious institution. The terms " Lord's day," and " Sabbath " occur no less than eight times in the several sections of the Georgia code referring to Sun- day, while in Section 4582 it is provided that " all moneys arising from fines for offenses, the gist of which consists in their being com- mitted on the Sabbath day, shall be paid to the ordinary of the county, to be by him dis- tributed for the purpose of establishing and promoting Sabbath-schools in the county." This language is conclusive as to the character and intent of the law; it has no other pur-pose than to honor Sunday as a religious in-stitution. It will be observed that under this Sunday law there are certain offenses, " the gist of which consists in their being committed on the Sabbath day." The gist of these offenses is not that they invade the rights of other peo-ple, or even that they injure the person him-self who commits them, nor that they are li- centious nor that they disturb the public peace, but that they are violations of " the Sabbath." And yet the courts of the State refuse to allow one accused of Sabbath-breaking to show from the Bible which day is the Sabbath, telling him that " that [the Bible] won't do in this court; " " we allow every man his own reli-gious opinions, but this is simply a civil law." And so, and in exactly the same sense, would be a law requiring all parents to have their children sprinkled, as was once the case in Massachusetts, and that too, for the protection of morals. Religious persecution has always been de- fended on exactly the same grounds. Robert Baird, the church historian, says:Š The rulers of Massachusetts put the Quakers to death and banished " Antinomians " and "Anabap-tists," not because of their religious tenets, but be-cause of their violation of civil laws, This is the jus-tification they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse! But just so it is; wherever there is such a union of Church and State, heresy and heretical practices are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punished no longer as errors in re-ligion, but infractions of the laws of the land. So the defenders of the Inquisition have always spoken and written in justification of that awful and most iniqui-tous tribunal.Š"Religion in America," p. 94. It is in precisely this way that Cardinal Gibbons defends the Inquisition. He says:Š The Spanish Inquisition was erected by King Fer-dinand, less from motives of religious zeal than from human policy. . . . It must be remembered that in those days, heresy, especially if outspoken, was regarded not only as an offense against religion, but also as a crime against the State, and was punished accordingly. ŠFaith of Our Fathers, pp. 292, 293. It is the same to-day and among so-called Protestants. Rev. Robert Patterson, D. D., says in defense of Sunday laws:Š It is the right of the State to protect by law such a fundamental support of government. This attack on 3  Karwiseh's ease, 44 Ga., 204.  the Sabbath is treason against the very foundations of government. As such, let it be resisted by every American citizen. The American Sabbath is essential to American liberty, to our Republic and to God's re-ligion.Š" The American Sabbath," by the Rev. Robert Patterson, D. D.; Presbyterian Board of Publication, Philadelphia. This is only putting into slightly different phrase the papal "argument " in justification of the Inquisition. It is neither better nor worse in the one case than in the other. In the days of the Inquisition the Roman Cath-olic faith was regarded as the bulwark of social order, and therefore to be protected by civil law; now, the Sunday institution is declared by, professed Protestants to be essential to good government, and so to be jealously guarded by the State. In these Sunday-law prosecutions, history is simply repeating itself. Jerome, the subject of our illustration, was not burned at the stake by the Roman Catholic Church any more than are Seventh-day Advent-ists in Georgia and Tennessee imprisoned and sent to the chain-gang by the so-called Prot-estant churches whose influence created and sustains the Sunday laws. The Roman Cath-olic Church simply declared Jerome a heretic, and as such he was regarded as an enemy of the State; and our illustration shows him being led to the stake, not by ecclesiastics, not by officers of the church, but by the civil authoritiesŠofficers of the StateŠjust as Ad-ventists are to-day imprisoned and driven in chain-gangs by authority of the State, but none the less in obedience to the behest of professed Protestants. The religious senti- ment of the community was then crystalized' into civil law precisely as it is to-day, and that not for the protection of civil rights, but for the enforcement of religious dogma. It was not pretended in this Allison case that anybody was interfered with in the least degree. There was no disturbance, no infringing upon the rights of others. The gist of Mr. Allison's offense was that he worked on Sunday, the day which the State of Georgia has declared is the " Sabbath," " the Lord's day," and which it has decreed must be kept "holy." There is absolutely no civil element in it except the fact that the day is intrenched in the civil law. A law requiring everybody to be baptized and to join a church would be civil in just the same sense as is this law fe-quiring the observance of Sunday in the State of Georgia; and such a law would be no more in conflict with the constitution of that State than is the Sunday law. The assertion that Mr. Allison or anybody else is left perfectly free in religious matters under a Sunday law is false. How free would the Sunday-keepers of Georgia consider themselves if they were taxed one-sixth of their time for the benefit of Mr. Allison's re-ligion ? Moreover, the fact that Mr. Allison is in the minority does not alter the case one iota. Judge Parks, of Tennessee, has well said: "If there were only one of them he would be entitled not only to his honest belief, but to the exercise of that belief, so long as in so doing he did not interfere with some natural right of his neighbors." This is the touchstone to which all` such laws and all such questions ought to be brought, namely, the equal rights of others. Does one man, by working on Sunday, thereby infringe the equal right of another man to rest or to worship ? If notŠand he certainly does notŠany law forbidding such work is simply an, expression of intolerance and despotism, none the less intolerable, because instead of being the intolerance and despotism of one it is the intolerance and despotism of the ma-jority. TRIAL OF J. Q. ALLISON. THIS trial, referred to in these columns last week, took place in the Superior Court at Douglasville, Ga., May 15, before Hon. C. G. Janes, Presiding Judge. W. T. Roberts, So- licitor General, appeared for the State. Mr. Allison conducted his own case. Two wit-nesses were sworn for the' State, both of whom testified that they lived near Mr. Allison, and that they had seen him plowing in his field on Sunday, the 21st day of April, as charged in the indictment. Mr. Allison did not deny doing the work, but offered to show that it was not of a nature to disturb anybody, and that in fact nobody was disturbed thereby. Both- the wit- nesses testified on direct examination that they would not have seen Mr. Allison at work had they not gone to the place where he was, on purpose to see him. Mr. Allison attempted to cross-examine the second witness, as follows:Š Q. How near is your place to mine ? where does your land come up to it; your field ? A. I suppose it is a hundred yards, or something like that. Q. You worked there on the seventh day ? A. Yes, sir, I worked on Saturday. Mr. Allison. I want to prove whether I disturbed him, or whether I had complained about his disturb-ing me. The Court. Never mind about that; that has noth-ing to do with this case. The only question in the world is whether you worked on the first day of the week; that is the only question in the case; I mean, worked in your ordinary employment. The solicitor general then asked the witness two questions to establish the fact that Mr. Allison was working at his usual employment; after which the judge asked Mr. Allison if he had any statement to make. From this point onward we copy verbatim from the notes of the official stenographer:Š The Court. What statement do you want to make ? Mr. Allison. I want to show where I get the authority that the seventh day is the Sabbath. (The defendant had produced his Bible, as if to read.) The Court. That won't do in this court. Mr. Allison. I am not allowed to give the rea-sons ? The Court. No, sir; we allow every man his own religious opinions, but this is simply a civil law. Mr. Allison. Will you allow me to read a piece from the constitution of Georgia? The Court. If it applies to this caseŠany law of the StateŠif you want to read it. Mr. Allison. (Reading from the code.) "Freedom of Conscience.ŠAll men have the natural and inalien-able right to worship God each according to the dic-tates of his own conscience, and no human authority should in any case control or interfere with such right of conscience. Religious Opinions.ŠNo inhabitant of this State shall be molested in person or prop- erty " The Court. If you want to make any statement about the facts of this case, you can do so;Šyou have no lawyer to represent you :Šif you do not want to, you need not do so, as to whether you did this work on this day. Mr. Allison. I work on the first day of the week, and rest the seventh day. I keep it. I do nothing but feed my mules and water them, and 'some such things. We don't even do our cooking on the seventh day; we try to keep that holy. God has said we shall work six days, and rest the seventh. I rest the seventh, according to the commandment. I know that is the right day to keep, and I try to keep it. The Court. You want to make any statement as to whether you did this work as charged against you ? Mr. Allison. Yes, sir, I do; I said I worked on the first day of the week; I do that. The Court. I mean in this case, whether you did the work-that the State has charged you with, and as sworn to by the witnesses ? Mr. Allison. Yes, I don't deny that; I don't deny working on the first day of the week, but I deny work-ing on the Sabbath, that is, the Lord's day. The Court. ' You don't deny doing the work that the witnesses swore to ? Mr, Allison. No, sir, 