124 CAN S1N VoL. 11, No. 16. against the very spirit of the national Constitution may cease forever. There is more reason for this display of feeling against the Catholic Church than might appear on the surface. A few years ago the Methodist Church was "in the swim" with the Catholic and other churches, seeking to get all the money they could from the Government in aid of their denominational schools and charitable institutions. But the Catholic Church distanced them all in the race, and was leaving them behind so rapidly as to make it evident that the only means of checking her career would be by repudiating the principle of governmental appropriations for sectarian institutions, thus influencing the Government to withhold all such appropria-tions, from the Catholic Church as well as from others. We trust that the Methodist Church recog-nizes the evil principle of Church-and-State union in such appropriations, and that the Government will likewise recognize it, and on that basis bring them to an end. 4. Ł CHURCH AND STATE IN UTAH. AcTioN taken at the semi-annual confer-ence of the Mormon Church, in Salt Lake City, Utah, April 6, outlines that church's position in the matter of Mormon affiliation with the State government. It is in the form of a manifesto, which declares that all politi-cal office-holding on the part of officers of the church must be subject to the church's direc-tion and approval. Considering that seventy per cent. of the Mormon people hold office in the church, it is apparent that this action will very widely affect, if it does not shape en-tirely, the character of the State. The position of the Mormon Church, says the Sun of April 8, "as defined, is that a man having accepted the honors and obliga-tions of ecclesiastical office in the church, cannot of his own volition make these honors subordinate or even coordinate with new ones of an entirely different character, and that he is bound to obtain the consent of the priest-hood before assuming any other such respon-sibilities." In harmony with this decision, " apostle" Moses Thatcher, who accepted the nomination for United States senator without consulting the "First Presidency," was de-posed from his church office during the con-ference. There can be no doubt, in the light of this manifesto, that the State government of Utah will be a Mormon government as long as the Mormon Church is able to make it so. From her view of the nature of church office-holding as compared with State office-holding, it could not be otherwise. If that view were the proper one, the church would not have deemed it necessary to issue this manifesto. There is in the exercise of the functions of civil office nothing necessarily antagonistic to religion. The obligations of the one demand the exercise of honesty and integrity, virtues which are certainly not out of harmony with the spirit of the other. The person who conducts himself with honesty and upright-ness before his fellowmen, should not be debarred from the privilege of church con-nection simply because he occupies a position of public trust. Considered in connection with the facts of the situation in UtahŠthe predominence of the Mormon element in numbers, and their known readiness to hold political officeŠthis manifesto can mean nothing else than that the Mormon Church aims to control political action within the State. The power that  selects the office-holders in a State, is master of the whole situation. That the Mormon Church should aim to be master of the situ-ation in Utah is in harmony with her history, and with the principles upon which she is established. CHURCHES MAKE WAR ON GAMBLING. AN APPEAL to the English nation against the growing habit of betting and gambling has been issued by representatives of various churches in that country. The manifesto says: " We believe that the public morals are being seriously affected in every class, of soci-ety, while the national sports, especially horse-racing, are degraded by the development of betting and book-making, which are steadily increasing. The increase to a great extent is to be traced to the trade of the professional betting man. . . . To the enforcement of the law must be added strenuous efforts in every direction to influence public opinion by that moral suasion which alone can be used in dealing with individuals and their action." The appeal is signed by the bishops of Lon-don and Durham, the Rev. J. Morlais Jones, Chairman of the Congregational Union; the Rev. Richard Leitch, Moderator of the Pres-byterian Church of England; the chairmen of the Baptist and Methodist churches; Mr. Thomas Hughes, J. P., and other men equally prominent. " One of the most encouraging things about this appeal," says the Outlook, "is that it indicates a realization of respon-sibility on the part of those prominent in the Church, not only for the welfare of the Church as an institution, but also for the morals of the community. It is only another sign that the Church is every day coming to realize more keenly its power as a social and political force." And the comment is about as significant as the manifesto. Gambling is robbery and ought to be prohibited, but "the Church" is a dangerous " political force." WHAT IS DUE TO GOD, AND WHAT TO CESAR ? IN the words, " Render unto Cmsar the things which are Omsar's; and unto God the things that are God's," Christ has established a clear distinction between Cmsar and God,Šbetween that which is Cmsar's and that which is God's; that is, between the civil and the religious power, and between what we owe to the civil power and what we owe to the reli-gious power. That which is Cesar's is to be rendered to Caesar; that which is God's is to be rendered to God alone. With that which is God's, Cmsar can have nothing to do. To say that we are to render to Cmsar that which is God's, is to pervert the words of Christ, and make them meaningless. Such an inter-pretation would be but to entangle him in his talk,Šthe very thing that the Pharisees sought to do. As the word " Cresar " refers to civil gov-ernment, it is apparent at once that The Duties Which We Owe to Ceesar Are Civil Duties, while the duties which we owe to God are wholly moral or religious duties. Webster's definition of religion is:Š The recognition of God as an object of worship, love, and obedience. Another definition, equally good, is: "Man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God." Yet again, the American definition is : "The duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it." * It is evident, therefore, that religion and religious duties pertain solely to God; and as that which is God's is to be rendered to him and not to Caesar, it follows inevitably that, according to the words of Christ, civil government can never of right have anything to do with religion,Šwith a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. What is Morality? Another definition which may help in mak-ing the distinction between that which per- tains to God and that which pertains to our fellow-men, is that of morality, as follows :Š Morality: The relation of conformity or non con-formity to the true moral standard or rule. . . . The conformity of an act to the divine law. As morality, therefore, is the conformity of an act to the divine law, it is plain that in this, its true sense, morality also' pertains solely to God, and so is outside the legitimate sphere of civil authority. This may appear at first sight to be an extreme position, if not a false one; but it is not. It is the correct position, as we think anyone can see who will give the subject a little careful thought. The first part of the definition already given, says that morality is " the relation of conformity or nonconformity to the true moral standard or rule," and the latter part of the definition shows that this true moral standard is the divine law. Again, moral law is defined as:Š The will of God, as the supreme moral ruler, con-cerning the character and conduct of all responsible beings; the rule of action as obligatory on the con-science or moral nature. The moral law is summarily contained in the decalogue, written by the finger of God on two tables,  of stone, and delivered to Moses on Mount Sinai. These definitions are according to Script-ure. The Scriptures show that the ten com-mandments are the law of God; that they express the will of God; that they pertain to the conscience, and take cognizance of the thoughts and intents of the heart; and that obedience to these commandments is the duty that man owes to God. Says the Script- ure: "Fear God and keep his commandments; for this is the whole duty of man." Eccl. 12:13. And the Saviour says:Š Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment; but I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment; and whosoever shall say unto his brother, Raca [" vain fellow," mar-gin], shall be in danger of the council; but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in: danger of hell fire. Matt. 5:21, 22. The apostle John, referring to the same thing, says: " Whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer." 1 John 3:15. Again, the Saviour says :Š Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery; but I say unto you, that whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart. Matt. 5: 27, 28. To hate, is murder; to covet, is idolatry; to think impurely of a woman, is adultery;Šthese are all violations of the moral law, but no civil government seeks to punish for them. A man may hate his neighbor all his life; he may covet every thing on earth; he may think impurely of every woman he sees,Š * From Madison's Memorial to the Virginia Legislature, 1785. 