AMERICAN SENTINEL. 467 be nothing else than that the world will again be caused not to know God: and the end of it must be only that which came to Greece and Rome. The sum of it all is, that in anything and everything that makes any claim to being Christian education, the word of GodŠthe BibleŠmust be given the leading place in every line of study-that may be proposed or under-taken. And any would-be teacher who is not prepared to give to the Bible just this place in every line of study, is not fit to teach in any Christian school. Such teaching only is truly scientific as well as truly right. Only such a school can he truly called a Christian school. IT is estimated that $2,000,000,000 of war material was afloat on the occasion of the late naval review at Spithead, Eng. "Evidently," says the New York Ob-server, "peace nowadays comes at a high price." The Power of Christianity. THE Christian religion is simply a manifestation of the life of Christ. The Christian is "dead," and his life is "hid with Christ in God." Col. 3:3. As expressed in the language of Paul in his letter to the Galatians, "I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." Gal. 2:20. As "God was in Christ," revealing himself to the world, and "reconciling the world unto himself," when Jesus walked through Judea, so Christ is in his followers, and thereby God is still manifest to the world in human flesh. Col. 1:27. This is the testimony which the world has that Chris-tianity is true and that Jesus Christ exists to-day as the Saviour of fallen men. The world beholds him in the per-sons of his true followers; and beholding him, they see also his Father, of whom he is the express image. John 14:9, 10. Christ does not give to the world hearsay evidence concerning himself. He does not ask men to believe on him because it is recorded that over eighteen hundred years ago he lived as a man on the earth, teaching the kingdom of God and working miracles. He does not ask them to believe because some person says that all this is true. To the question, Is there a Christ, the Christian answers, Yes. And to the query, How do you know? he replies : Because he is living with me. And that answer would be accepted as primary evidence in any court of law. The world may scoff at the doctrines and creeds of the churches. It may ridicule the statements of Scripture and appeal to history and to "reason" to prove that Christianity is all a myth. But when it meets Christ face to face, it finds evidence which it cannot gainsay. All its specious arguments fall to the ground, and it is obliged to confess that there is a "mystery of godliness"ŠGod manifest in human flesh. It sees a life that it knows is not the life of the individual as he once wasŠa life which bears the unmistakable stamp of the divine. The Christian knows, that Jesus Christ lives, by the evidence of his own experience; for he has been crucified, buried, and raised to life again with Christ; and Christ living in him, the world has also visible evidence that Christianity is true, and that its Saviour is no myth. It matters not that but few of those who profess Christian-ity have been "born again,"Šthat the vast majority of nominal Christians give to the world no sign of the life of that divine One whose name they have taken. If in but one individual there is presented the myst:Ty of God dwelling in human flesh, the claims of Christianity are proved. And now. as in all ages, there are a number,  scatteredthrough all lands and among all races, through whom this testimony of a living Christ is given to the world. This is the power of godliness which is to convince the world and draw men and women from it into the path-way of righteousness. If all the church were but in this condition, Christianity would sweep all countries like a mighty tidal wave. But when the church seeks for power from the State, as she is doing in all lands to-day, she denies before the world that Christ exists and justifies the world in its unbelief. Reverse the Order. AT the opening of the great Christian Endeavor con-vention in San Francisco, the vast audience, in response to successive strokes of the chairman's hammer, re-sponded with the words,Š " The world for Christ;" " The nation for Christ;" " Myself for Christ." The arrangement of these phrases may have been only an accident, but this order of conquest is the one adopted by very many who start out to be reformers, with the result that no reform is accomplished. "Myself for Christ" belongs first in all true Christian endeavor, and then if we take care that we ourselves continue to be "for Christ," God will take care of the result in the nation and in the world. The Christian's Warfare. FOR what does the Christian soldier fight? A Roman Catholic journal, The Pilot (Boston), answers the ques-tion thus:Š "The Christian soldier fights for his country, sus-ained not by the hope of subsequent political rewards, nor even by the nobler expectation of the gratitude of posterity, but simply for the love of his country, and his conviction that it is his duty before God to lay down his life for her at need." And this is about the idea which many Protestants hold on the same point. But it is not Bible doctrine. The very first thing Christianity requires of any person, under all circumstances, is that he lay down his life. He 