AJI.WVILICA.N VoL. 0, No. 12. of scripture. Mark 2: 28 says, " The Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath." Ex. 20: 10 says the seventh day is the Sab-bath. Here are two plain statements of scripture which may form the premises of a syllogism thus: " The Son of man is Lord of the Sab-bath. The seventh day is the Sabbath. Therefore, the Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. " Forming another syllogism, of which the above conclusion shall be the minor, we have this: " Whatever day it is of which the Son of man is Lord, is the Lord's day. " The Son of man is Lord of the seventh day. "Therefore, the Lord's day is the seventh day." But there is a claim that a change has been made since the first order of things. The Lord did not make the change. Who then has attempted it ? W. H. M. (To be continued.) The Pope as Arbiter of the World. THE agitation having for its object the selection of the pope as arbiter of the world gains strength with passing time. The suggestion has been repeatedly and openly made by papists and very many items looking in that direction, and de-, signed no doubt to further the movement, appear from time to time in leading peri-odicals. The Reviewof _kevi,ez,vs, for March, has the following significant article:Š There are not a few signs of the moral desperation which, rightly guided, goads into a new and auspicious,  career. What seems to be the crying need of the hour is a great European leader, a truly international man, whom kings and statesmen and the common people in every land could trust, who, passing from court to court, from cabinet to cabinet, from one Bourse to another, could negotiate the general desire for peace into a permanent organization, who could charm national pride and sensitive national honor into loyal submission to a tribunal of international justice and international force. In default of such a modern edition of Peter the Hermit preaching the union of the nations in a crusade against war, Europe may have to wait the authoritative summons of the leagued Eng-lish-speaking peoples, or the spontaneous resolve of the continental proletariat, or the cruel dictate of mutual helplessness following on devastating war. But whatever be the occasion, the one condition of settled peace remains the same: The establishment of a central court, with power to enforce its sentence. Disarmament by mutual arrangement seems scarcely possible or wise, unless accompanied or preceded by this condition. Until a man knows that the law is strong enough to protect him from injury, he can hardly be expected to give up carrying arms; and until nations know that behind the high court of international justice there is material strength enough to prevent or punish the international aggressor, they are not likely in any fit of amiable enthusiasim to dis-band their armies and dismantle their fortresses. That condition observed, the difficulty ought not to be insoluble. Are the powers willing to develop the concert of Europe, or such relics of it as survive, into a properly constituted judicial tribunal If they arc not willing, then there seems to be nothing for it but to let them burn in the hottest purgatory of mili-tarism until such time as they shall be willing. A strange glint of coming possibilities, shOwed itself last month in the Bavarian DieU Two Ultramon-tane members, while denotincing the acceptance of the Army Bills, "proposed the institution of an in-ternational court of 'arbitration for the settlement of European quarrels, under the preside* of the popp." His holinesS'is said to be preparing an encyclical on the general question. The final and everlasting judgment of the papacy is certain. But before that time comes we may expect to see that wicked power exalted to the tops of the mountains. " For God hath put in their hearts [the hearts of the rulers of Europe] to fulfill his will, and to agree and give their kingdom unto the [papal] beast, until the words of God shall be fulfilled." Then shall that wicked power boast her- self, saying, " I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow. There-fore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire; for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her." A Flatterer, a Deceiver, a Perverter; Such Is the Papacy. " AND such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he pervert by flatteries." Dan. 11: 32, R. V. " To pervert is to turn from the truth ; to distort the truth from its true use and end ; to pervert the laws by misinterpret-ing and misapplying them ; to pervert the meaning of an author."ŠWebster. This is exactly that kind of work de-scribed by the prophet of God in the text quoted ; and it is very far from being hon-orable work. Indeed it is quite the re-verse. It is a work of the most disrepu-table kind. To turn from and twist the truth; to misinterpret and misapply law; and to turn the true meaning of an author, or a document of merit, and so deceive the people is dishonorable, contemptible and misleading. But this is precisely what is expressed in the text; and by whom? What is rep-resented by the pronoun " he," in this verse ? In the preceding verse two deso-lating powers are described as the "daily" desolation, and the "abomination that maketh desolatek" which for a long period were to, desolate the Church of. God. The two great desolating powers, which have been the scourge of the Church and of the world, are pagan and papal rule. The first was supplanted by the latter in A. D. 538; and since that time it has been the perverter of the principles of righteousness as proclaimed by that voice in Judea, which declared the utter separation of Church and State (Luke 20: 25.); and the rights of conscience of the individ-ual. John 12: 47. Never was this more apparent than at this present time. How is it possible, in the light of the history of the past, that this dissolute power, the papacy, shall be able to so pervert the truth and the lawŠthe funda-mental law of the landŠand as a result, pervert the people to, its own perverted methods ? Mark the law : "Pervert by flatteries," But notice another thing also. l'hose who are affected by these " flatteries," are those " who do wickedly against the covenant ; " evidently those who think more of traditionŠthe false doctrines of the mother church, called " the wine of the wrath of I er fornica-tion ; " of which all nations have drunk (Rev. 18: 3);Šthan they do of " the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever." 1st Peter 1: 23. And the prophet says, " But the people that do know their God [not know about God, but know their God ;1 shall be strong and do. Dan. 11 : 32. Being asured by this that those who " know their God," shall not be perverted by these "flatteries," turn now, for a moment to the work of the flatterer. A flatterer is " one who flatters; a fawner, a wheedler, one who praises another to accomplish some purpose." To flatter is "to raise false hopes by repre-sentations not well founded. ' How many young and careless persons are flattered out of their innocence and their property by seducing arts.' "Š Webster. Is not this a m )st faithful picture of the situation of this youthful nation and  the papacy to-day ? This gigantic religio-political organization calling herself the church of Jesus Christ, and recognized by many a so-called Protestant as, at least, a branch of that church, now comes before us as the "author of religious liberty," the " protecting cordon " of " this their Republic," as the only " power " suitable " to hold up your Constitution above the storms of human passions ; " none "more congenial to the spirit of your Republic;" none " more conducive to its stability than the" Roman Catholic Church. She comes as "the foe to lawlessness," the champion of law and order," and "the saviour of so-ciety." She comes before us as the friend of education, assuring us that " Catholic education is the surest safeguard of per-manence" to the Constitution, and "the best guide of the Republic in civil prog-ress," and that "every Catholic school is a safe guardian of youth," and that " she is the fostering mother of the arts and sciences," and that Pope Leo "encourages scholarship by the establishment of uni-versities or by giving them his blessing." This " flatterer " would fain make us believe that she is the workingman's friend and protector; for " Leo XIII. has shown his love for the workingman." She comes saying : " We love liberty " !! for the church "grows and expands like the rose under the genial sun and air of liberty." And she professes "remarkable friendship for the republican system of government." All this is but a fulfillment of the words of the Spirit of God spoken through his prophet centuries ago. These are the words of a flatterer, words uttered for a purpose, and that, the purpose of the subjugation of this Government. And under this stupefying potion the sensibil-ities of professed Protestants are fast being benumbed. They have perverted the su-preme law of the land, so that, to them it no longer means what it says; and so it stands, as misinterpreted, but a hollow mockery of those principles of which it has been regarded as the champion and safeguard. Yes, they have adopted the methods of the mother church in seeking and securing legislative recognition of a. dogma of the mother, a religious institu-tionŠthe SundayŠwhich is Church andi State union, and spiritual adultery. They have set up the very image of the papacy,. and now they talk just like her, manifest-ing the same spirit of egotism and pre-sumption, and do not hesitate to claim to be the most law-abiding people of the land, the most loyal, the most patriotic. H. F. PHELPS..  St. Paul, Minn. Rome vs. History. A VIGOROUS, and probably successful,. protest has been filed with the Board of Education in San Francisco, against the use of " Myers' Outlines of Medi and.  Modern History," as a text book in the high schools of that city. While the. Catholics deny having anything to do,  with the filing of the protest, the history' is objected to solely on the ground that it is extremely offensive to Catholics. No objection is made that the history is not a correct and truthful delineation of the events which actually transpired, but simply that the position which the Roman Church occupies is not pleasing to contemplate. Appeal is made to the fact that the book, in so far as it refers to the Catholic Church, comes within the pur-view of the State constitution, which 