Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, a Whatever state or Persuasion, 'Religious or Political." VOLUME 8, NEW YORK, OCTOBER 12, 1893. NUMBER 40. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN BOLLMAN. WILLIAM H. MC KEE. IT is too early to forecast the influence of the Parliament of Religions. Indeed, there is no certainty that any immediate evident result will be apparent. But it is a good time to ask what the Parliament was,Šwhat by its necessary limitations it could not be,Šand therefore what it could only be, and achieve. A FULL and unprejudiced presentation of the Word of Jehovah, and his gospel, through his Son, it could not be. The assumption involved in the very title as-sumed precluded that. A " parliament " presupposes the equality of its partici-pants. In an assembly organized and guided under such a presumption, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me," could not be preached. Evidently, God, whose command it is that no other gods should be acknowl-edged in his presence, could not be honored by a gathering which did acknowledge other gods, and one of the express pur-poses of which has proved to be the modi-fication of the idea of God so that he may be identified with all gods, and they all be assimilated into one composite idea of divinity. THE Word of the living God is uncom-promising on this point,Šit admits of no mistake,Šthere is in it no uncertainty as to its requirement in thought and word and act. It requires the full and complete service of the one God, and him and no other. This is Christianity, and although the mere word, in a technical sense, may be referred to the body of teachings of the Son of God, presented at his first advent upon earth, yet, in reality, Chris-tianity upon earth is as old as the first teachings of the Creator to his creature in Eden, when he walked with Adam in the garden. Indeed, Christ was the active agent in creation and the sentient being whom he created, in the image of himself  and the Father, he made a Christian. That man has ever been anything else is because he has fallen from the high estate in which he was created. THE Bible is not two books,Šthe epit-ome of two religions,Šgathered within one binding. It is one book, and one Word, and one story, from beginning to end, of one God and his creation -of the world and of man, and of his dealings with that world and his creatures through his Son, and of his gospel, the promise of salvation given when man fell. At that moment Christianity existed even technic-ally as the term is understood now, and he who depended upon the Christ that was to be a propitiation for his sins was then a Christian as is he now who looks for his salvation to the Christ that has come, and is to come a second time. IT is not the New Testament alone which teaches Christianity, the Old Testament is equally its exponent. The gospel of Christ, his message of salvation to a sin-stricken world, is not found only in the New Testament. The presentation of that message to man is the purpose of all Holy Writ. From God alone, through the sac-rifice of the Son, flows the possibility of atonement and of the resumption of that eternal life which was lost at the fall. The story of this is continuous from Gen-esis to Revelation. The religion of the Old Testament is not Judaism, in contra-distinction to the religion of Christ, and that of the New Testament, Christianity. It is all the Word of one God, and an exposition of the religion of himself and his Christ. Ł NOWHERE in all this divine exposition of the Christian religion is there to be found one word of compromise with any false religion, and if the Christian religion is the true religion all others must be false. Truth, wherever found, must necessarily be single, unique, complete. There can be, strictly, no such thing as a half truth. That a counterfeit coin is half pure metal makes it no less counter-feit. The base alloy, however slight, debases the whole coin. Thus true re-ligion can receive no foreign admixture. It is not possible to serve God and mam- mon. The evil leaven of the service of mammon will leaven the whole life, for " Thou shalt have no other gods," will have been disobeyed. The true religionŠthe sufficient gospel Šmust necessarily be free to all men, to every individual without exception; but as this must be as an evidence of its truth and sufficiency, just so surely also is its truth and sufficiency shown by its ac-knowledging no equal, no continuing competitor,Šno feared antagonist. The moment such an admission should be made that moment an insufficiency for the accomplishment of its purpose would be admitted and the existence of a discord in the heavenly harmonies granted. The logic of religion requires that there should be one religion, and only one. The logic of religion reaches inevitably the conclu-sion, that, where there are marly religions one only can be true,Šall the others must be false. That is the unconscious conclusion of this very parliament, else why the desire for unity ? If it were otherwise there would be no pressing need felt for the establishment of a consensus of views and the fixing of a common basis of religious thought and belief. From all this it follows that true religion has had no real place in this parliament, Šthat it could not, strictly, from its necessary and natural limitations, have entered into it at all. If then it is, as it would be, a contradiction in terms to call this a parliament of true religion, and it has not been an expression of the one only God-given system of religious truth, Šwhat then has it been ? It is evident that it must have been a parliament of religious error, of man made religious theories. Whatever, then, its achieve-ment might be it could be nothing more than a monumental example of the fallacy of human hope that man holds within himself the ability to build an intellectual tower of Babel by which he may reach the heavens. Man cannot win eternal life for himself through his own works. There is but one dependence in the last resort. This name ŠJesus Christ the Saviour of the worldŠthe brilliant chairman rang forth as a clarion note for the last word of the par-liament. But the teaching of the parlia- 