254 THE ANIEIZIO-AN SENTINEL. there has been `temporary self-sacrifice, but ultimate betterment.' Some avocations have been deserted by Christian men, but they have found others not less remunerative. . . . I never knew a case nor can I find one in any quarter of the globe where even beggary, much less starvation, has resulted from courageous and conscientious fidelity to the Sabbath. Even in India, where most of the business commun-ity is heathen, missionaries testify that loyalty to the Sabbath in the end brings no worldly loss. On the other hand, incidents have come to me by the score, of those who have gained even in their worldly pros-perity by daring to do right in the matter of Sunday work." He has filled more than six pages of his book with evidence to the same effect. All of which we are ready to admit is true, because men always respect conscientious conviction; men re-spect the man who has principle, and who, from principle refuses to compromise for any temporal gain. But instead of cultivating principle in men; instead of training them in the integrity of conscientious conviction, so that as men of princi-ple, they will stand by their convictions and re-fuse to work, Mr. Crafts and his fellow-workers for Sunday laws go about to have the law take the place of conscience, and rob men, not only of the respect of their employers, but of their own self-respect. Instead of cultivating in all, the manliness of men, the Sunday-law workers go about to establish a system in which all must be nursed and coddled as though they were a mass of simpletons who must be cared for by the State. The more this system that is represented in the Sunday-law movement is examined in the light of righteousness and reason, the more plainly it appears that it is the wickedest thing that ever struck the earth since the day when the Mystery of Iniquity first appeared, and nothing better than the arguments of those who advocate the meas-ure is ever needed to demonstrate that this is true. A. T. J. Sunday Laws. REV. WILBUR F. CRAFTS of New York, field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, has been lecturing in Oakland and endeavoring to arouse a sentiment favorable to a national law prohibit-ing labor and traffic on the Sabbath day. Mr. Crafts argues it is "a theft and an outrage to steal a man's Sabbath away from him." Why more " a theft and an outrage" to steal a man's Sabbath than to steal any other day ? Further-more, why should the Sabbath of any particular sect be chosen as a day for compulsory rest? Under a democratic form of government every citizen is guaranteed the right to " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." It is possible that if a national Sunday law is enacted many citizens would be deprived of privi-leges which now enable them to achieve happi-ness in the manner best suited to their conven-ience and desire. Such a law would certainly curtail their liberty. Why should 'the Jew and the seventh-day Adventist be compelled by law to observe the Christian Sabbath as set apart in the calendar by a portion of the Christian churches ? Mr. Crafts might perhaps hold that the Chris-tian Sabbath is, under the present regime, the most generally observed both as a religious form anti as a day of rest from labor. Then what is the necessity for a national law ? Those who prefer to devote Sunday to the worship of their God are privileged to do so; those who desire to wander out into the fields and the woods, or to congregate  where made and rational recreation is offered as a relief from the cares and worry of the week, should not be deprived of that right. And it would seem from the tenor of Mr. Crafts's argu-ments that it is this latter class who are to be forced to observe a day set apart by the Sabbata-rians. It is not because the toiler is weary with his labor and needs rest one day in seven that this national Sabbath is to be established, but it is a step at least in the direction of compelling the toil-weary laborer to seek his rest in the churches of the Christian denominations, whether his in-clinations are that way or not. There is a tinge of puritanical tyranny in this effort to establish a national Sabbath, and it is an effort not in consonance with our institutions or the genius of the government under which we are living. Moreover, the proposition is sumptuary in its character and will not be approved by the majority of the people, as was evidenced by the vote of the congregation who had listened to Mr. Crafts's arguments. The proposal that all traffic shall cease on the national Sabbath is one indica-tion of the drift of the law. This would compel large numbers of people living in cities who now seek. their Sunday recreation in the country to re-main at home. The closing of all places of busi-ness and secular amusement on this particular day, deprives citizens of all opportunity to enjoy them-selves unless they can find compensation for the deprivation in the churches or by pedestrian ram-bles perhaps, through the streets of the city in which they live or along the highways and byways of their country homeS. As regards Mr. Crafts's argument that a na-tional Sunday law would put a stop to Sunday dissipation and riot, that is entirely beside the question. Dissipation and riot is no worse on one day than on another, and there are laws pro-hibiting such misdemeanors and crimes whenever committed. The police are paid to enforce the laws and on this score at least there is no neces-sity for a national Sunday law. Certainly if the Sabbatarians cannot offer better arguments than those advanced by Mr. Crafts, they have very lit-tle prospect of ever being able to convince honest, fair-thinking men and women of the justice of their cause.ŠOakland Morning Times, August 7, 1889. Tennessee Follows Suit. THE-following documents are self-explanatory: STATE OF TENNESSEE. TO THE SHERIFF OF OBION CO.Š Greeting: You are hereby commanded to take the body of R. M. King, if to be found in your county, and him safely keep, so that you have him before the judge of our Circuit Court for the Co. of Obion, at the Court House in the town of Troy, Wednesday after the first Monday in November next, then and there to answer the State on an indictment for working on Sunday. Herein fail not and have you then and there this writ. Witness, W. D. Jones, clerk of the said court, at office, the first Monday in July, A. D. 1889, and the 113th year of the Independence-of the United States. [Signed] W. D. JONES, Clerk. STATE OF TENNESSEE. TO THE SHERIFF OF OBION COUNTYŠ Greeting: We command you to summon R. J. Coles, W. W. Dobbins, Alex. Wright, and Okes, personally to appear before the judge of our Cir- cuit Court to be holden for the County of Obion, at the Court House in the town of Troy, on Wednesday after first Monday in November next, then and there to testify and the truth to say in behalf of the plaintiff in a certain matter of con-troversy in our said Court depending, wherein State of Tennessee is plaintiff and R. M. King is defendant, and this they shall in no wise omit under penalty prescribed by him. Witness W. D. Jones, clerk of our said court, at office, the first Monday in July, A. D. 1889, and the 113th year of American Independence. [Signed] W. D. JONES, Clerk. APPEARANCE BOND. STATE OF TENNESSEE } Obion Co. We, R. M. King, andŠ, are held and firmly bound- unto the State of Tennessee in the penal sum of two hundred and fifty dollars, to be levied of our respective goods and chattels, lands, tene-ments. To be void if the said R. M. King, who has this day been arrested on a capias issued from the Circuit Court of Obion County, Tenn., on a charge of working on Sunday, who shall make his personal appearance before the judge of the Twelfth Judicial Circuit of Tenn., to be holden for said county in the Court House in the town of Troy, on Wednesday after first Monday in November, 1889, next, and answer the said State on said charge and not depart without leave of the court, otherwise to remain in full force. This 19th day of July A. D. 1889. [Signed] F. W. PORDUE, Dpty. The Declaration Denounced. THE object of the American Sabbath Union, whose work was practically indorsed by one of the resolutions passed by the W. C. T. U. of this county at its late session, is clearly stated by Rev. W. D. Gray, Secretary of the Missouri Sab-bath Union, as follows:Š " I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an attempt to change that feature of our fundamental law." Can patriotic, fair-minded American citizens indorse such doctrines? Are we to practically resign the political and religious liberty bought by our forefathers at the price of so much blood and treasure? If the present combination among a vast number of religious and quasi-political or-ganizations shall be successful in passing some such law as the Blair Sunday-Rest Bill, it may be justly feared that the future measures of this government will soon be controlled by The same influence. All religious despotisms originate by combination and influence, and when that influ-ence begins to be felt in the politics of a country the civil power soon bends to it. The results of such action in other nations furnishes to us an awful example of the conse-quences. Do religious enthusiasts, who are work-ing for such a law, realize that they are surely drifting towards the dogma of the " Divine right of Kings," instead of upholding the grand prin-ciples of the Declaration of Independence, which asserts that "Governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed?" When one of the leading advocates of such a measure sees clearly that the work they are doing conflicts with the very fun-damental principles on which our government is based, it is time that fair-minded Christian people pause and take their bearings. Religious and civil liberty are guaranteed by our Constitution, and the American is not a good citizen who seeks to subverteither.ŠDaity Humboldt Stand-ard, 