"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT; FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 51. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 24, 1896. Price Three Cents. american 5entinet, Published Weekly in Defense of Religions Liberty. reŠFor Further Particulars and Terms see Last Page. Entered at the New York Post-office. EDITOR, - - A. T. JONES. ASST. EDITOR, L. A. SMITH. As this number of our paper is dated the day before Christmas, it might be expected that we should have something to say about the institution. If such be the expectation of any, they shall not be disappointed. We are willing to contribute what we may for the benefit of those who would celebrate this universal fes-tival. ...1Vse_so this universal feeti via;  nat because we would be understood to say that Chris-tianity is universal; but because the period now referred to as the "Christmas season" has been celebrated from time immemorial by all nations. That which is now particularly celebrated as,the Christmas, is the remains of the ancient festival whose celebration covered a longer period of time. This festival season was cel-ebrated in honor of the Sun; and December 25 especially in gladness and rejoicing at his annual birth and the beginning of his return victorious over the powers of darkness or night. In the reigns of Domitian and Trajan, Rome formally adopted from Persia the feast of the Persian sun-god Mithras, with Decem-ber 25 as the birth festival of the uncon-quered sunŠNatales inyicti Solis. In the Louvre at Paris is the original of a mythol-ogical representation of this, which was found at Rome in a vault under the Capitol. It is entitled "Mithra Sacrificing the Bull." The central object of the piece is Mithra in a cavern sacrificing a bull. As already stated, Mithra represented the Sun; the bull was the symbol of the powers of night. The blood of the bull was to impart the power of regeneration. At the right hand in the cavern stands the Genius of Night with his torch turned down, extinguished. At the left stands the Genius of Day, with his torch held up, aflame. An inscription on the body of the bull reads: "To Mithra, the invinci-ble Sun-God." The piece is intended to rep-resent the victory of the Sun over the powers  of darkness. This sacrifice was made annu-ally at the winter solsticeŠthe period that is now Christmas-time. Thus this annual fes-tival was an established thing in the State and City of Rome. About the middle of the fourth century, the church of Rome adopted this festival, making the birthday of the Sun, December 25, the birthday of Christ. And in a few years the celebration of this festival of the sun had spread among the churches through-out the whole empireeast as well as west. In one of the homilies of Chrysostom, sup-posed to have been delivered on this festival day in A. D. 386, he expresses his own pleas-ure and "congratulates the people upon the progress made, through their zeal in estab-lishing this new festival, which they had bor-rowed from the Western Church") and "seems to speak of it as a custom imported from the West within ten years." The perverse-minded clergy readily sanctioned the practice and relieved all doubts, with the assurance that the festival which had been formerly celebrated as the birth of the real sun was a type of the festival of the birth of Christ, the Sun of Righteousness. And thus was established the Church festival of Christmas. There are other items connected with the celebration of the day, whose origin and meaning are also worth mentioning. One of these is the Christmas tree. Just as the day itself and its celebration were adopted from pagan Rome, the use of the tree was adopted from the pagan Germans. And just as the day is a relic of sun-worship, so also is the tree. In The Ladies Home Journal, for December, Mrs. Lyman Abbott says of "The Christmas Tree": "A German friend tells me that the true Christmas tree is 'not a mere show, decorated for the momentary amusement of children. It is a sublime symbol of the soul life of the Germanic peo- ple for a thousand years.' . . . The tree itself 'is the celestial sun-tree.' " Another item is the decoration of the houses and churches with vines, branches of trees, etc. This is derived from the sun- worshiping Druids of Britain. An early English writer says that the "trimmyng of the temples with hangyngs, flowers, boughs, and garlands, was taken of the heathen peo-ple, whiche decked their idols and houses with suche array." The ivy particularly was used in honor of Bacchus. ' Thus it is that Christmas day, the celebra-tion of the day, and the appurtenances thereto, are all heathen and only relics of sun-worship. OUR readers will remember an article by Dr. H. L. Wayland, which not long ago was reprinted in the SENTINEL, from the Inde-pendent, in which he criticised the Canadian Sunday law by which some Seventh-day Ad-ventist preachers were fined and imprisoned. Dr. Wayland rightly enough spoke of it as religious persecution. Dr. W. H. Withrow, of Toronto, in a letter to the Independent, undertakes to defend the Canadian Sunday law, and to justify the per-secutions that were inflicted by it. He says of the preachers, who were fined and oned, that "their religion had nothing to do with it. It would have been the same if they had been agnostics or Jews. The law simply forbids Sunday labor, and the law must be obeyed whether men are barbers, saloon-keepers, or Seventh-day Adventists." This is the argument that is usually made in such cases; but instead of being in any sense a legitimate argument, it is a sheer sub-terfuge. This is not to say that all who use it have thought enough upon it, intention-ally to use it as a subterfuge. Though it is quite clear that many of them have not cared to think enough on the subject to know whether it is a subterfuge or not. They know that such is the law, and that it en-forces exactly what they believe religiously; and that is as far as they care to inquire. Yet all that any person needs to do in order to see that it is not only a subterfuge but one of the meanest subterfuges that was ever employed, is only to think about two steps from where he professes proudly to stand. All those people profess to believe in reli-gious freedom. They profess to hold that every man has the right to believe or dissent from any doctrine, dogma, ordinance, rite, or institution of any church, as he may choose for himself. They profess to be proud that they believe in such freedom as this. Yes, they even boast that they are the di-vinely-appointed conservators of such reli-gious liberty as this. Yet, while loudly professing to recognize this right as inalienable, under cover of this s ubterfuge they deny the right and actually 