24 A.AILIEIEMIC_4N R,11.41,`N TINIRaL. VOL. 11, No. 31. called " Sabbath-keeping," the influence, in-stead of awakening the latent consciences of the people regarding the claims of God's law upon them, lulls them to sleep, and so blunts their already dormant consciences, that they soon think they are subject to no law but the civil law, which, if they obey, they have per-formed the whole duty of man. The old pagan political maxim of Roman government, ŠVox Populi, Vox Dei,Š" the voice of the people is the voice of God,"Šis fast being enthroned in the minds of the average Amer-ican citizen. Still keeping in view the principle set forth at the beginning, viz.: "A revival of Sabbath-keeping means a revival of worship," how changed is the situation when Sabbath-keep-ing is viewed in the light of God's word. When God's true Sabbath, the seventh day, is seen in its proper relation to God and the peopleŠa memorial of one to the otherŠwe will see, instead of men's consciences being blunted regarding God's claims upon them, that they will be quickened, and will render to God the worship that belongs alone to him. In Psalms 111: 4 we read: " He bath in-stituted a memorial of .his wonderful works." ŠGerman Version. He also tells us in Eze. 20: 12 and Ex. 20: 8-11 that that memorial is "'my Sabbath," " the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Again he says in Eze. 20: 20: Hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Then God has given us the Sabbath that by it we should remember who he isŠ" The Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, longsuffering, and abundant in goodness and truth, . . . and that will by no means clear the guilty." Ex. 31:6, 7. " No good thing will he with-hold from them that walk uprightly." Ps. 84: 11. So, then, as long as we remember the Sabbdth day to keep it holy, we keep before our minds the loving and benevolent character of God, and the fact that he is con-tinually working for our profit. Had Eve, when tempted to partake of the forbidden fruit, and when told by Satan that " God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened,"--lad she remembered that God withheld no good thing from her, she never would have transgressed the direct command of God, but would have known that the restraints that her Father had placed upon them was for their best good. Thus, it is plain that it is failure to remem-ber God that leads to violation of his com-mands, which are all given in love. But it is by forgetting the SabbathŠhis memorialŠthat we forget God, for he says that if we hallow his Sabbath, we shall know or remember him. We can therefore see why it was given to man at creation; for it is clear that forgetting the loving kindness and gener-osity of our heavenly Father, by not remem-bering his Sabbath, which is the memorial of all that he is to us, is the first step leading in the way of sin. If therefore, those who profess the name of Christians, and much more those who ac-cept the responsibility of teaching others the way of life, would devote their time and tal-ents to holding up God's true Sabbath, instead of raising a false standard, they would ac-complish much more in forwarding. Christ's kingdom than they are now doing. The Lord says, "Hallow my Sabbaths; . . . that ye may know that I am the Lord ;" and again, " This is life eternal, that they might know thee, the only true God."  John 17:3. Thus we see why Satan's hosts are arrayed against God's Sabbath, and those who keep it. Is it possible that those who profess to  be followers of Christ, have enlisted under the banner of Satan in warring against God's " memorial." Oh!, that they might say: " Yea, in the way of thy judgments, 0 Lord, have we waited for thee; to thy name, and to thy memorial is the desire of our soul." Isa. 26:8. R. V. SUNDAY IN ORTHODOX GLASGOW. [New York Journal, July 27, 1896.] GLASGOW, July 16.ŠFor the first time since I left New York, a day has come which I have found almost too sorrowful to endure; a day that has crept by on leaden, awful footsteps, while I have sat in a desolate hotel, wondering what crime of an elder day had caused Providence to inflict upon a suffering people the Caledonian " saw-bath." Yesterday afternoon I saw indications of approaching trouble in various signs and por-tents, whose full significance I utterly failed to comprehend, so busy was I in the pleasures and duties of the moment. Strong gusts of wind swept up the Clyde from the gray, misty sea beyond Arran Island, with sounds of moaning and lamentation that I distinctly recall now as I sit in the sombre smoking room, deserted by all but me, and try to write my impressions of the day that is al-most done. . . . Every public house was filled with men and women, who were devoting the whole of the afternoon and the best part of their week's wages to the task of accumulating loads of whiskey that would carry them pleasantly through the day that lay before them. In comparison with the crowd that scrambled and fell into. the compartments of the train that bore me'back to Glasgow, the last Satur-day night boatload of Coney Island revellers loomed up in my memory as an august, dig-nified and sober-minded body of citizens. Never in my life have I seen as many juvenile inebriates as I did yesterday, but never before have I seen people preparing for a Scotch " sawbath." On arriving at the Glasgow hotel, which had been fairly populous when I left it in the morning, I found that the guests Šwell-seasoned revellers all of themŠwere hurrying away, bag and baggage, in search of more congenial climes. All these things passed before my eyes, but made no impression on my brain. The writing was on the wall, but I heeded it not. When I awoke this morning I found that a silence as thick and oppressive as that which makes confinement in a dark cell at Sing Sing a terror to evil-doing convicts had settled upon the town. I dressed and went downstairs, where I found myself alone with my appre-hensions. Before long a servitor appeared, creeping along on tiptoe from the cavernous recess in which he had been lurking, and asked me in a whisper what I would like for break-fast. "The prisoner awoke soon after daylight, and at seven o'clock sat down to a breakfast served from the warden's table and consisting of fried eggs, beefsteak, toast, boiled potatoes and coffee, of which he partook heartily, lis-tening at the same time to the adinonitions of the Rev. Mr. Surplice, the prison chaplain, who had remained in the corridor all night, so as to be within call at a moment's notice, if wanted." Yes, I would have some eggs and some coffee and toast and a dab of the inevitable marmalade that pervades the breakfast table  of the three kingdoms. After that the sheriff, the death warrant, the grim pro-cession across the cold flags of the court yard  "In ten minutes, sir," said the servitor, in a ghostly undertone, as he departed for the outer regions. I stepped softly through the front door and looked up and down the street. Not a single living creature was in sight. The bright morning sun shone upon a row of square, box-like houses of dull, cold gray, stretching away as far as the eye could reach, and reminding one of the pictures in old-fash-ioned drawing books designed to illustrate the theory of perspective. The trees were absolutely motionless; not a bird sang or even stirred in their branches, nor could I hear any distant chiming of bells or cheerful rumble of wheels. I went down the steps to the side-walk, and for the first time in my life since the hookey-playing and apple-stealing period of my career, I shud-dered at the sound of my own footsteps. When I say that I could not see a single vig-orous column of smoke rising from any of the chimneys that were within the range of my vision, I am stating the simple truth. It is not lawful to keep warm or cook food in Glasgow on Sunday. . . . The sepulchre in which I was stopping is situated near the centre of the city and remote from any of the regular arte-ries of travel. I walked a few squares, and then encountered a tram-carŠa double-decked affairŠmoving at a snail's pace, not to the burying-ground, as I supposed, but to a bo-tanical garden which is actually kept open on Sunday as well as on week days. I was agree-ably surprised to find the flowers in full bloom, and to learn that the Glasgow bailies allowed them enough moisture to keep pollen and stamen together. . . . After skulking about the Botanical Gardens for an hour and meeting a few people with sorrow-stricken faces, .I returned to the heart of the city, passing on the way two or three churches, from whose interior came the muf-fled roar of sombre orthodoxy. I went to the railway station to buy a rail-way ticket for London, but found it closed and sealed. A bailie who was abroad at that hour told me that it would be opened at 8 o'clock, so that the city might purge itself of Godless foreigners who did not love the Glas-gow " sawbath." After church hours a few birds appeared on the streets, but they did not dare sing. They simply hopped about and picked at things like theologians.'  Outside of Glasgow are cool, green woods, in which the birds sing every day in the week; the great river, the Clyde, where the yachts lie at anchor, and mighty steamers are built and launched; broad meadows; . . . cheer-ful solitudes, that, my soul hungered for, but I could not reach them because the trains do not run on Sunday, and there was not a cab to be found anywhere. About nightfall a few of the inebriates awoke from their all-day slumbers and dis-pelled a little of the gloom by appearing on the public highway and holding conversation with one another in the broadest Scotch I ever listened to. Encouraged by this indica-tion that I had passed through the worst of the sabbath, I returned to my hotel and began to jot down my impressions of Glasgow. JAMES L. FORD. CIVIL government is ordained ,of God, but it is not ordained to usurp the place -of God. 