Pi\l=m SkNTINEL. Have Christians the True Idea of Lib- erty? AT the Temperance Congress held on Staten Island, one of the questions on the programme for discussion, August 5 and 6 was, "-Can a Minister or other Member of a Church consistently support High License P" A man who is an earnest worker at the head of an order established for the train-ing of boys in habits of purity in word and deed, and in the principle of total absti-nence from intoxicating beverages, pro-nounced the form of the question an in-sult. He gave his reasons for advocating high license, chief of which was, that it was better there should be a smaller num-ber of saloons to present temptation to youth. The attitude of mind in a large majority of the members of the Congress was that dealing in alcoholic beverages is criminal, and that a Christian cannot be a partaker in the crime, consistently, by consenting to any license of the traffic. A gentleman who rode to the station with me, in commenting upon the position of the speaker, remarked that "it ought not to be allowed to any one to express such views"! This sentiment was as inconsistent as it was amazing to me; because the specific purpose of the Congress was advertised to be the free discussion of all phases and shades of opinion upon the problem of the abolition df the saloon. It seems impossible for some minds to comprehend the law of liberty, which is freedom to think, and freedom to express thought. Faith in the potency of truth must be exceedingly weak in the person who con-siders it necessary to make it impossible that error shall have a hearing. How little knowledge of the divine power have those souls who can only rely upon force and statute to bring people to act upon principles of right. A person who has enjoyed any degree of Christian life ought to know that the inward impulse and controlling force of individual life cannot be brought into accord with divine law by external restraint or formalities. Perhaps the statute prohibitionist will say, "No, we do not expect this; but we will not consent to the outward infraction of the law. We are right in preventing by force the commission of wrong." Vir-tually, then, we mortals claim superior wisdom to the Deity; for, according to the divine management, human souls are left to choose their ways, and abide the conse-quences. They are not forced to do the right. What Sunday worshipers need is a gen-uine baptism of the Holy Spirit. A soul that knows the uplifting of the worship which is "in spirit and in truth," cannot be distracted or disturbed by the dreadful spectacle of a well-behaved family sitting  in the quiet of their own premises on Sun-day. If God's Sabbath is in one's soul, the motion of carriages and bicycles will not make them feel sinful. Statutory prohibitionists, of all kinds, need more faith in the power of godliness, and less concern about its empty form. More concern to be in their own lives liv-ing examples of truth, love, and purity, and less disposition to control by force the conduct of others. No individual is responsible for the thoughts or conduct of another. Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. The divine method of dealing with human souls, is to make every one a law to him-self,Što develop individual responsibility. The law of liberty--freedom to think, to express, and to act Šis indispensable to this development. LUCINDA B. CHANDLER. Sayings of Sunday-Law Advocates. AN authorized exponent of American Sabbath Union principles made the follow-ing significant statement at a recent Sun-day evening meeting in Chicago : " Meat markets are being closed in a certain sec-tion of this city. This will help church-members keep the Sabbath, and save min-isters from preaching plain sermons." This is the truth. The ministry are unable to keep their congregations from patronizing Sunday meat markets, and otherwise violating church discipline re-garding Sunday observance, and fearing to discipline, or preach "plain sermons," they secure the enactment of Sunday laws which will " help church-members keep the Sabbath" by compelling them to act in harmony with their creed, and thus save the minister the unpleasant duty of disciplining his members, or offending them with plain sermons. It is not difficult, on hearing these state-ments, to imagine one's self back in the sixteenth century, sitting in a Catholic Church listening to the priest expound the papal theory of government. At this same meeting the pastor in charge gave utterance to the following kindred statement: "Piety cannot be pre-served withOut the Bible; the Bible cannot be rightly taught without the Church; the Church cannot continue without the Sabbath; the Sabbath cannot be preserved without civil law." The logical deduction from this argument is that piety cannot be maintained without civil law. The pastor did not make this deduction, but it is not only the legitimate conclusion of the argument, but it is the error under-lying this whole movement to secure civil recognition of religious doctrine and prac-tice. Another statement made at the same meeting by the Secretary of the American Sabbath Union reveals the fact that they want law to compel people to at least act as if they were pious. Said the speaker,  with great feeling : " There is no Sabbath in Chicago except the Sabbath kept by God's people." And then followed an exhortation for the enforcement of Sunday laws. Of course there is not, and there never was, and never will be, any Sabbath keeping except by God's people. It would have been just as consistent to have said: There are no Christians except those who believe the Christian religion; therefore let us make laws forcing the others to be-lieve, or act as if they believed, in the Christian religion. The only and all-sufficient help in se-curing a better observance of the Sab-bath is the help of him who promised to be with the preacher of the " gospel," " even unto the end of the world." " Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help." Fined for Shaving on Sunday. A FEW weeks ago, the barbers of Duluth, Minnesota, formed a union, and agreed to close their shops on Sundays. All of the city barbers, however, did not join the union, and consequently were closely watched. It was soon discovered that barber Connor had placed a chair up-stairs in one of the halls of the Spalding Hotel, on Sunday, and was shaving any one who might apply. On the 21st of October he was brought into court at the instigation of the Barber's Union, and tried before Judge Morris. Connor's attorney contended that he had a right to shave guests of the hotel on Sunday, and he was not supposed to know whether all who applied were guests or not. The Judge decided that a barber has no more right to shave a hotel guest on Sunday than he has any one else, and that it makes no difference where his chair is located. He thought Mr. Connor did not wilfully violate the Sunday law, so he imposed the minimum penaltyŠa fine of one dollar and costs. The Judge was right when he said, " A barber has no more right to shave a hotel guest on Sunday than he has any one else"; for he has a right to shave any one on Sunday or any other day, and no State or municipal authority has any right to interfere. There may be an unjust law on the statute books of the State discrimina-ting in favor of some religionists; but the enforcement of such a law is an outrageous infringement upon the rights of every person upon whom it is enforced. Strange, indeed, if a man has no right to shave another on a day for which neither has a regard above other days; and that, too, under a Government whose national and State Constitutions guarantee free-dom of conscience in the observance of religious institutions and rites! Most of the barbers do not care a whit for Sunday. ; but they see in the Sunday law an opportunity to protect their trade, while they spend the day in some pastime. 