THE SENTINEL ; EIBEKT Y. Is it -not 'signifiaht that such Istuff as - appear as an editorial in the-  leading law publication of America ? Ł Does it not behoove the plain, everyday American to ask himself, "Whither are we drifting ?"ŠOmaha World-Herald. It is Now a State Affair. (From the Chicago Journal.) The field secretary of the Presbyterian board of foreign missions, the Rev. Thomas Marshall, has ex-pressed an opinion upon the Chinese situation that, if lacking the goriness and intolerance of the recent ut-terances of Bishop Cranston, is at least unhappy in its _phraseology. "The church believes," says Mr. Marshall, "that the government should enforce its treaty rights, and when it does we shall take advantage of the opportunity to preach the gospel." Religion, standing amid rice fields strewn with Chinese stain, calls upon the survivors to repent ere they share a like fate. That is the picture suggested by the words of the field secretary; and it is an unpleasant picture. Just at this stage of the proceedings "enforcement of treaty rights" means shot and shell. Mr. Marshall tells us that the church is watching with approving eye the flight of the shells and the smoke of the vol-ley-firing, ready, as soon as a silence falls upon -the battlefield, to rush in and preach the gospel; or, as Mr. Marshall puts it, "to take advantage of the op-portunity." This attitude of the church militant is not even heroic; it lacks even the courage of the old crusaders, who did not wait until the heathen host had been soundly thrashed,,and cowed by a third party before they began their peculiar style of injecting the gospel. Another of Mr. Marshall's sayings is that "the Chi-nese can not stop the work of civilization and evangeli-zation which has stirred up the anti-foreign element of the orient." The church at large will hardly thank Mr. Marshall for the frank confession contained in that defiant sentence. Indeed, the church at large will not thank him for anything he has said that we have quoted, any more than it thanked Bishop. Cranston for his sanguinary utterances ; for they reflect discredit upon the whole missionary system. This is an excellent time for the missionaries to re-frain from offering-  advice or encouragement to the sword of the nation. What was mainly a church affair has become wholly an affair of state. It is announced that Secretary-of-War Root will call upon Congress at its next session for a standing aitny of not leSs-  than 75;o6o"men, order "'to cope successfully with the situation in eastern Asia. What IMperialism has Done for India. (From the Letter of a Native Hindu.) "God help the people of India!" said Donald Smeaton, a member of Lord Curzon's council, to Reuter's agent at Bombay the other day; "Great Bri-tain and Ireland owe a debt to the Indian peasant, a debt of millions upon millions." We know that India annually remits to England a sum estimated between £20,000 and £30,000 for home charges, pensions, in-terest and the like. We know that the people of India are virtually debarred from the highest posts in India, except a very small percentage, and that I5,000,000 are annually paid to European officials employed in India and sending all their savings to Europe. We know that our ancient industries, like weaving and spinning and dyeing, have been killed by European competition, and that the land is so heavily taxed in many provinces that the peasant cannot save in good years for years of bad harvest. We know that an army is kept in India, and paid for by India sufficient for England's imperial requirements over the best part of Asia and Africa. We know that our finances are ad-justed by executive councils in India and in England, in which the people of India have no seat, and that in the taxation of India we have no voice. These are some of the burdens we bear in India, and these are some of the causes of the famines from which we per-odically suffer. Will Englishmen add to them the bur-- den of paying for British forts and armies, British establishments, and wars in various parts of Africa and AsiaŠfrom the Suez Canal to Mozambique, from the Tigris to the Malay peninsula? Will the English conscience reconcile itself to thus proceeding in a year when 90,000,000 of people are affected by the worst famine that India has ever known, and 5,000,000 are actually attending relief centers ? After the famine of 1770 and the desolating wars of Warren Hastings, the great Minister Pitt brought in his Indian bill in 1784 to give us abetter government. Is there no statesman in England at the present day who will give us a new India bill, moderating land tax, reducing expenditure, opening up the higher services to the people of India, and giving them some control over their finances ? Is there no Englishman-of this generation who will stand up for justice to India? Archbishop Chapelle announces that he has care-fully studied all points of the religious question in: the Philippines, and will soon make a report on the sub-ject to the pope. His report to the Filipinos oil the same matter seems already to haVe been made. A-"better -enforcement of di"e Sunday laWs"`IS re-ported from Palmer, Mass. 