766 OE LIBERTY. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET. , CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. ASSOCIATION, Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $5.00 L. A. SMITH, Ł C. P. BOLLMAN,' Editors. SABBATH observance, to be of value physically or morally, must be voluntary. ",THERE is no doubt," says The Defender, organ of the New England Sabbath Protective League, that Thankgiving day sprang from the same an-cestry as the Lord's day." This is but putting in other phrase the words of the historian Neander: " The festival of Sunday was always only a human ordinance." Now that The Defender has confessed the truth, it ought to cease quoting the fourth com-mandment in support of Sunday. <at <at AT the recent meeting of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association, at Sheboygan, the president said: "If a man must work on Sunday, he ought to have some other day to rest." Then, instead of de-manding Sunday laws, why does not the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association become simply a Rest Day Association, and direct its energies toward se-curing regular weekly rest for each man instead of demanding Sunday rest primarily?ŠSimply because the prime object is not to protect the man but the day. Jt THE question of prime importance in Rhode Island, says The Defender, is: " Shall an honest effort be made to remedy the demoralizing conditions which prevail in some of our public resorts on the Lord's day ?" This illustrates the difference between the posi-tion taken by THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY and that of papers which are laboring for. Sunday enforce-ment. The latter. say, These demoralizing things,  must be stopped on the Lord's day. THE SENTINEL says, Let demoralizing practices be stopped on  of legal prohibitions. No doubt many of, the " de-every day, if they are such as come within the scope moralizing conditions" here spoken of are such as ought to be prohibited by law; but when we call for laws to prohibit them on the " Lord's day " only,.  we virtually sanction them on other days of the' week. The saloon, for example, by obeying a law for Sunday closing, would by that very law be made a law-abiding institution. We do not want a law siX which upholds, such an institution as the 'Saloon days out of every seven. THE SENTINEL would have lawlessness sup-pressed because it is lawlessness; 'not beCause it is'  done on a day,  some people regard as sacred. ot .4 IT is :allowed by the Sunday laws that 'a' persbn may on Sunday perform such work as is 'of "neces-sity " or " mercy." Is it allowable, then,,for a man to work six days in the week when he must do so to support his family? Here, for example, is a man who conscientiously observes the seventh day: Will he be allowed to work the other six days in order to provide adequate food, and, clothing and a com-fortable home for his family? Is it necessary for little children to have these things? Does' mercy require that they have them? Most workingmen are too poor to support their families and lose two days out of every week. " Oh," says some one, " the law 'does not require any man to lose two days in the week; let him rest on Sunday and 'work the other six days." This is asking that a man give up his conscience in order to comply Łwith the law arid support his family. The same law which recognizes the " necessity" of certain things compels "a man to surrender his con-science. Is conscience, then, a necessity? or is it something that can just as well be dispensed with? We believe religious libertyŠ,freedom of 'choice in all religious observancesŠis a necessity. We believe all persons ought to have it, and lhatno human law ought to interfere with it. Don't you.? ONE FARE FOR THE ROUND TRIP. THE Grand Trunk Railway Systetn will tun ''`is Annual Canadian " Excursion from Chicago' OnDecember 13, 14, 15, and 16. Returning tickets will be good to leave destination until lanuaTiri,5, 1901. ,For information as to' rates: and t,rain setv-ic'e, apply to J. M. Burgis, G. P. and 'T. ,A., -?49 S. Clark Street, cor. JacksOn Boulevard, Chicago. 