640 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "I know Christians claim that they were persecuted," said Cecil, "but if I read history right, they suffered for non-conformity to law." "So they did," said Aleck, "and they were right in claiming they were persecuted. Human law is not the ultimatum. The Christians had a God to whom they owed allegiance, and any human law that contravened that obligation was rightfully disregarded by them. God demands this kind of loyalty." F. B. Studies in French History.-42. "0, PROFESSOR CARMANt" exclaimed Julia March, "Maggie Palmeter has an essay to read to-day,ŠT know, for she told me so. I was so afraid she wouldn't tell you, that I just had to speak, 'cause I want to hear it so much!" "That's good! I'm very glad to hear that my chil-dren are so interested. Will you kindly read your essay at once, Maggie?" asked her teacher. "I just have a few thoughts and facts jotted down that happened while Francis Second was king, and di-reedy after. That seemed to be right in line with the studies, and grandma helped me find a few facts from his-tory, but I have told it in my own words." "That's right, Maggie; I like originality everywhere, and best of, all in an essay." "I learned one thing which surprised me very much," began Maggie, "that people disliked to pay their debts a few hundred years ago, as badly as nowadays. "When Francis II. was king, the nobles and rich peo-ple were so bound to cheat the poor tradesmen out of their honest due, that the rich cardinal of Lorraine made a big, high gallows an d,declared in the name of the king that any one that dared to ask for the money which was owing them should be hanged if he didn't get right away out of sight and hearing. "I think it was just dreadful! "At last the people could endure it no longer, and so they got their heads together and declared they would overthrow such a miserable government. This was called the 'Conspiracy of Amboise;' but some way or another the nobles and king found it out, and then, I tell you, they made those poor wretches suffer. They took a whole month for it, and there was nothing much going on but killing,Šand the worst of it was, the women went and sat in high seats with the cruel men, where they could get a good view of the suffering men, whose only crime was to ask for the money which they had earned. "Finally young King Francis died, and his mother, whose name is a disgrace, / think, to the pages of his-tory,ŠCatherine de' Medici,Šwas made ruler, till her next boy, Charles the Ninth, grew older. This was in 1560. "At first, Catherine seemed to be real good to the  Protestants and declared that they should not be perse-cuted on account of their religion. But this made the Catholics angry, and they called her a traitor. Then, just as quick as the Protestants saw that they had their liberty once more, what did they do, but go to work and tear down the images of their Catholic neighbors and make a great muss of things generally. Grandma says that she does not think that it is right for any religious denomination to have the power given to it to perse-cute, for she says that the human heart is apt to be sel-fish, and that the Church of Christ has no business to ask for civil power. "Well, you see, all this trouble led to the Massacre of Vassy, where more than 250 Protestants were killed or wounded. Then they didn't have any peace for about thirty-years. At last the King of NavarreŠhead of the ProtestantsŠwas coaxed over to the Catholic side. He was killed in battle, while the Duke of Guise, the leader of the Catholic party, was killed by unknown men. The Prince of Condi, who was a great help to the Protestant cause, was murdered after a battle in which he had sur-rendered. I think this was a real mean, cowardly act. Now all the leaders on both sides were dead, so the war was carried on by their sons,Šand, isn't it queer? their names were all just the sameŠHenry. "After a while the awful massacre of St. Bartholomew took place; but I didn't have time to learn anything about that, only the date when it took placeŠwhich my cyclopedia says was Aug. 24, 1572." "Surely you have done quite well, Maggie. Perhaps it would be well to give you all, in connection with this composition of Maggie's, a few more facts concerning the bloody massacre which took place under the reign of Charles the Ninth. This sovereign was very unstable in character, and for a while seemed to favor the cause of the Huguenots. But his cruel mother,Ša woman so cruel and bloodthirsty that after all these years it is hard to believe that she could have been a woman,Šin-stigated and planned this wholesale murder, as coolly and persistently as though she were planning the slaugh-ter of so many sheep. King Charles, anxious to favor the Protestants, decided that it would be a good thing for his sister Marguerite to marry their great leader, Henry, of Navarre. Accordingly, much against the wishes of either Catholics or Protestants, the ceremony was performed." "Wasn't even the.bride willing?" asked Milly Brown. "No; and she was so unwilling that she refused to speak when the important question was asked during the ceremony." "I don't see how they could have been married then," commented practical Jack. "Well, you see, the king, her royal and determined -brother reached over, and giving the head of the unwil-ling bride a quick push, she was made to bow assent. All this was done by King Charles, under the vain hope that he could thus make peace between the two religious 