THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ 75 posed there could be nothing else, for all those who would be called to arbitrate in such cases would base their decisions on opinions received from sectarian training. There is only one source from which to draw the principles of the Christian religion, that is, the Bible. But, unfortunately, these people who clamor for the religious amendment, do not want to take that good Book in all its simplicity, as their rule of faith. They only want certain por-tions of it, which they may decide upon, and call those the principles of Christianity. Speaking on this point, Dr. Schaff says : " A competent committee of clergymen and laymen of all de-nominations could make a judicious selection which would satisfy every reasonable demand." That is what is wanted. They do not want the entire Bible to be better understood, but they want certain portions of it collated and taught, to the exclusion of all other parts. Thus much of the good old Book would be suppressed'; what for? Simply ,because it would be objectionable in a State religion. If such a condition of things is brought about, how much closer could this Na-tion follow the Roman hierarchy ? Woe to the people of this Nation when such a time comes, for then will their peace and happiness have been destroyed, and confusion and strife will reign in their stead. It would be far better to leave such work as the teaching of religion to the church and home. These have heavenly credentials for such a busi-ness, but the State has none. She would better not intermeddle in the affairs that belong alone to the church and the family. If these are left to do their legitimate work, and the State is satis-fied to attend to purely civil matters, there would be no difficulty about the differences of religious opinion. It is only when one party becomes in-tolerent, and wishes to dominate over others, that it appeals to the State for power to make its big-otry felt on all who dare to differ with its relig-ious views. It is but the old mantle of the Papacy fallen upon the shoulders of American religion-. ists who would grasp the reins of power to enforce their religious views upon all others, at the expense of the peace and happiness of the Nation. Let such read and profit by the words of Pope —" Let not this weak, unknowing hand Presume Thy bolts to throw, And deal damnation round the land, On each I judge Thy foe." J. 0. ConLiss. Washington, D. C., Feb. 25, 1889. "A Unique Device." AT a Sunday-law meeting held in Oakland two years ago, some resolutions were presented, and in order to be able to record a unanimous vote in favor of them, the chairman did not call for the negative. If he had done so, he could not have stated that there was no opposition; for there were a good many in the audience who would have voted against them. But Dr. With-row adopted a plan at the Chicago meeting which leaves the Oakland method entirely in the shade. Says the Chicago Times:Š " At,  the close of Father Higgins's remarks, Dr. Withrow adopted a unique device to obtain an expression upon the resolutions previously read. He asked that all in favor of them signify their approval by leaving the hall in a decorous man-ner." Ł That was certainly " a unique device," and no doubt the Doctor thought it very clever. From  the standpoint of Sunday-law morality it was doubtless all right; but, from the standpoint of strict morality, it was certainly dishonest. There were, no doubt, scores, and perhaps hundreds, of people in that congregation who were opposed to the resolutions, one of which called upon the Leg-islature to amend existing Sunday laws so that they would be more strict. Yet because those persons were respectable people, and conducted themselves in an orderly manner, they must be counted as favoring what they in heart oppose, and they are deprived of power to protest. The trick, for it was nothing else, was an effort to make it appear that all opposition to Sunday laws comes from the hoodlum element. A move-ment that will lead ministers of the gospel to adopt such obviously unfair methods in its sup-port, must be inherently wrong, and should re-ceive the hearty opposition of all honest men. Truth is never advanced by fraud; and the fact that the Sunday-law movement flourishes by just such methods, is evidence of its iniquitous char-acter. Ł I. Shall We Have a National Religion? UNDER this heading a lawyer gives, in the Decatur (Texas) Post of February 1, 1889, the following brief but just analysis of the object of the Blair bills:Š No doubt the great majority of the people of this part of the country would be utterly op-posed to anything like a union of Church and State, or the establishment of a national religion, yet some may never duly consider the fact that there are measures now pending in Congress which are believed by many to have direct tend-ency in that. way. Reference is here made to the Blair Sunday bill and Constitutional Amend-ment, introduced into the United States Senate last spring by Senator Blair, of New Hampshire. The object of the bill is to compel everybody over which it would have jurisdiction to absolutely refrain from any labor or business whatsoever (works of necessity and mercy excepted) on Sun-day, regardless of religious conviction or com-mercial conveniences, and makes the violator sub-ject to a fine of $10 to $1,000, and provides that it " may be recovered by whoever shall first sue for the same." " Whoever" is a universal term, and leaves the man who is supposed to have vio-lated the law at the mercy of any and everybody in the wide world that desires to enter suit against him; although the work done may not have been of a nature to disturb anyone, yet he must suffer if the plaintiff insists that it was. It will not answer to say that the accused is given immunity from the penalty of the law pro-vided he does not disturb others; for it is left to the other man to say whether he is disturbed or not. And it opens up the way for an enemy, or any other man who desires to take advantage of the law, to cause a great deal of suffering to an innocent victim by charging that he was "dis-turbed." He can thus easily give vent to his feel-ings of animosity and revenge, because the man is technically, though not really, guilty, and has no protection. The whole thing is unjust, and makes the liability to punishment many times rest upon a slender threadŠthe whim, caprice, or prejudice of any and everybody, with the additional in-centive of recovering the amount of the fine, if he will sue him. It also gives room for the worst of forms of oppression and despotismŠreligious  prosecution. In addition to the Jews there are the Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Ad- ventists, two Christian denominations who con-scientiously observe the seventh day of the week, or Saturday, for the Sabbath, and believe it is their God-given right to go quietly about their work on the first day of the week. Now if the first-day man, through prejudice or any other motive, desires to use the power placed in his hands by such a law (and the history of humanity in the past shows that it is difficult for a weak man to resist the temptation to use it), what a splendid opportunity is afforded him for perse-cuting his neighbor. And the writer is acquainted with a case in the State of Arkansas, where, under the operations of a similar law (but which is now repealed, because of its unjustness, be it said to the State's honor), a good, quiet citizen was ar-rested, imprisoned, and fined for getting a mess of potatoes out of his garden Sunday morning for his dinner table ; and many others suffered simi-larly. And it was all owing to religious preju-dice. This is religious legislation, and nothing else can be made of it. And whenever the Gov-ernment establishes such a precedent, it lays the foundation for untold evil. The proposed amendment is in perfect keeping with this bill ; in fact, it was necessitated by the introduction of the bill. This is evident upon a little investigation of the matter. As the Con-stitution now stands it forbids religious legisla-tion. " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." But as this bill is "respecting an establishment of religion," the amendment is called for to make it constitutional. The amend-ment provides that the teaching of " the principles of the Christian religion" shall be made compul-sory in all the free schools of the Union. That " each State shall establish and maintain such a system of free public schools." This is appar-ently unobjectionable at first thought, as few people object to Christianity in the common ac-ception of the term, if left free to exercise as each one sees best. But if the Government thus pledges itself to enforce its teaching in the schools, it will require something definite. It would re-quire, therefore, a congress of the churches to declare what is Christianity. And whenever the majority of the churches render a decision in the matter, and the Government has pledged itself to require its compulsory teaching, that is the Government virtually establishing a national religion. A State religion is a religion that has the financial support of the State or Government for its maintenance and propagation, whether that be done through the schools so supported, or the church. And if that is not establishing a na-tional religion, then it would be difficult to con-ceive of a national religion. And how would this affect those, either the children or their parents, who did not happen to believe the creed formulated by the church congress? What then would become of the individual right and liberty to think and believe as one chooses in matters of religion ? Must they submit, because they are in the minority, to receiving a religion they can-not believe ? This would be religious oppression, and this is just what may be expected if this amendment is passed. This measure has received more encourage-ment than many of us would have imagined. It has already passed two readings in the United States Senate without a dissenting voice, and it 