min AMERICAN SENTINEL. 139 them to attend the Baptist Church. He said it would be better for the drunkard if he worked all the time. It was said, " Suppose that a German band should stop before a church door on Sunday during, service, and there play and sing, what would you do ?" " Arrest them for a nuisance," was the reply. "They have no right to disturb a religious meeting at any time." Then a lady made a pathetic appeal for the boys against the Sunday saloons, which. seduced and led away the guileless youth. What would the doctor do with these, Wolves which are devouring the lambs ? He replied that he would go inuCh farther than the sister; he believed in ihe absolute prohibition of the liquor 'traffic for all the time, and as regards the Wolves, did,' not Christ say to his disciples, Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst:, of, wolves ? We are, not to. escape ,the '.temptations of this life. While we should not "be of the world yet are we in the, World. But in whatever path we go, we may know that the great Shepherd is near. Sheep have little power to defend, but the Shepherd who is ever, watching will care for the sheep. Teach the boys the evils.of the saloon and to shun those evils. But the question between classes was not Yet over. One member asked, " Sup-posing that our Adventist friends were worshiping down here in their church on Twelfth Street, and the next door to theni were a number of 'carpenters at work on a building,; Ought the carpenters to stop ?" " They ought," replied the doctor. " The Adventists have vested rights and they have a right to worship and ought to be protected." This, however did not satisfy. _Another asked, " What if the carpenters outnumbered the Adventists ; what then, ought they to stop work ? " " Brethren," said the doctor, and the venerable man grew eloquent, " this is not a question of numbers but of rights. If there is but one man and the millions of this, country are against him, he has his rights, equ_al to theirs; no matter whether he is an Adventist, or a Jew, or a miser-able Chinaman, whom everybody thinks he has the privilege of kicking, who de-sires to worship Joss in a Joss house, no one has a right to interfere with him." "When," the doctor asked, "did the church of God gain her greatest victories ? Was it when all the' pomp and power of the world was given her ? Or was other-wise ?ŠShe gained her greatest victories when all the world was against her, when all,  law was against her, and when her children laid down their lives for the word of God." Sunday laws were con-trary to all Baptist traditon, and what is more, they were contrary to the teachings of Christ. This is Łbut a mild abstract of the doc-tor's reasons and answers so admirably andl forcibly put. May Baptists and Christians everywhere read, ponder,, and notice. g.,0. WILCOX. Opposed to the Blair Measures. THE Constitution of the United States declares that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. Senator Blair introduced a joint resolu-tion in the United States Senate, Decem-ber 9, 1889, proposing to amend the Con-stitution of the United States so that " no State" shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an " establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This is the first section of the article containing the proposed amend-ment. The second section proposes the establishment of " a system of free public schools" in which is to be included in-struction " in the common branches of learning, in virtue and morality, and in knowledge of the fundamental and non-sectarian principles of Christianity." The first section of this article is in ac-cordance with the provision of the Con-stitution of the United States in regard to religious establishments, and is not partic-ularly objectionable, but the second sec-tion is right in the teeth of the first, and in violation of the provision of the Con-stitution already existing. It is practic-ally, a plain step in the direction of a religious establishment, organized and maintained by the federal Government. The Blair Educational bill now pending in the United States Senate, and on which the author has been speaking for a week, is but a bait set upon a federal hook, to catch the unwary, and to lead them into the support of the joint resolution pro-posing the amendment alluded to above. Baptists are utterly opposed to every-thing that squints at union of Church and State. Let them speak out in no uncer-tain tones, in regard to these measures which promise nothing but evil to both.ŠThe Christian Index and Southern Bap-tist, Atlanta, Georgia, February 27 ,1890. Ł History Repeats Itself. THE Union Signal of February 13, haS the following:Š From one of the foremost Quakers of this country comes this prophetic declaration: "There has lately come to me quite an opening' as we Friends some-times say, on the sort of agency the Lord intended our Woman's Christian Temperance Union to be, and the reason he chose the women for this work. I cannot just say that the Lord anointed the women to be his prophets to this Government, but I believe it as truly as that Elijah was sent to reprove Ahab, or Jeremiah to rebuke and warn the king of Judah. God did not take office holders in that day, or persons in any way dependent upon goVernment favor to use as a voice.' He took those who had, practically, nothing to lose, and I really believe that the Christian women of this land were the only element of our population that God could trust to deliver his reproofs and warnings faithfully." All that is necessary to say of the above is that if the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union are prophets to this govern-ment, they are prophets of evil, prophesy-ing out of their own heart, saying, The  Lord saith, when the Lord hath not spoken. See Jer. 23: 16-29; Eze. 13 : 3-13. The kingdom of Christ will not come through the gate-way of politics as Miss Willard and others have declared; the good time is not coming which they pre-dict. But perhaps this Friend's prophecy may be, in a sense, from the Lord. His-tory sometimes repeats itself. "And the Lord said, Who shall persuade Ahab, that he may go up and fall at Ramoth-gilead? And one said on this manner, and another said on that manner. And there came forth a spirit, and stood before the Lord, and said I will persuade him. And the Lord said unto him, Wherewith ? And he said, I will go forth, and I will be a ly-ing spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And he said, Thou shalt persuade him, and prevail also; go forth, and do so. Now therefore, behold, the Lord hath put a lying spirit into the mouth of all these thy prophets, and the Lord hath spoken evil concerning thee." 1 Kings 22: 20-23. ŠSigns of the Times. Union of Church and State. THE Christian Statesman of April 10, has an article by Rev. W. J. Coleman, Professor of Political Science in Geneva College, Pennsylvania, the object of which is to show the impossibility of a union of Church and State in this country and that outside the ranks of Mormons and Ro-manists nobody desires such a union. In stating the matter Mr. Coleman says:Š In the phrase "union of Church and State," there can be no doubt as to the sense in which the word " State " is used. . . The State means the Nation, or whole body of people. . . . The word " Church " may mean, (1) A building where worshipers meet; (2) Those who gather in such building, or a congregation; (3) A body of believers acknowledging the same ecclesiastical authority, or denomination; (4) The collective body of believers in the world. These acknowledge no central authority and are not combined in any human organization; (5) The aggregate of religious principles and ideas in a community. The professor then asks, " When we speak of a union of Church and State which of these is meant ? " and con-tinues :Š The union of the State with the Church taken in the first, second, or fourth sense would be impos-sible. . . . When, however, we turn to the third and fifth meanings we reach the heart of the whole difficulty. 4 Referring then to the claim that the adoption of this " aggregate of religious principles and ideas " would be a union of Church and State, Mr. Coleman says :Š We deny this in toto and declare that when the State adopts an idea or principie, it does not con-stitute such a union. But a denial is not proof, and so we must examine the proofs before we can feel warranted in accepting this denial, explicit though it be. Mr. Coleman's first argument is that "a principle and a State not being of the same species cannot be united." But this is merely technical and 