636 TI-1E SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. News, Notes Ł Aaird Comment RECENT elections in England show large gains for the Conservatives or war party. .0 .0 THE Ladies' Home journal for OCtober has an ex,. cellent article upon the educational question that ought to be read by parents everywere. The article is entitled " The First Blow." It alone is well worth the price of the jOurnal. .4  .4 IT is stated upon, good authority that among the grievances of the striking Pennsylvania miners is that of being compelled to pay $2.75 per keg for powder when it, could be bought in the open market for less then $1 per keg. .4  .4  IN the Rock River Methodist Conference, sitting in this city October 5, Bishop Hartzell said that President McKinley should place the young emperor of China upon the throne and keepŁ him there. Pos-silDly the bishop did not take into consideration the size of the army that would probably oe necessary to discharge what to him appears to be " only our plain duty." IT is said to cost $25,000,000 to elect a President in the United States. Most of the money is pro-' vided by protected interests, and office-holders, or by those who, in event of a change of administration, hope to, become office-hOlders or dispensers of offi- cial patronage. Much of the money is, course, used in a perfectly legitimate way in paying speakers, pripting and distributing literature, etc. FORCED' out of the colleges and universities en-dowed by the rich, as they express it, several leaders of Socialistic thought in the United States and Eng-land have determined to organize educational insti-tutions of their own, and in connection with them settlements are to be established where the believers in the; ideas of Socialism may make their homes. Plans were disclosed a few days since for such a school in Yorkv'ille County, Michigan. The settle- ment is to be known as Golden Rule Park. - The educational institution is under the direction. of :Prof_ George 11. :Herron, formerly of IoWa College at Grinnell, Ia. The college is to be called " A _School :of Applied:Christianity." Behind the move-. anent and Working in conjunction with the National Christian Citizenship League, with headquarters in this city, are Mayor Samuel Jones, of Toledo, Ohio; N. O.-Nelson, the St. Louis manufacturer; Mrs. E. D. Rand, who endowed the chair formerly filled by Professor Herron at Iowa College, and A. M. Todd, " the peppermint king " of Kalamazoo, Michigan. Leaders of Socialistic ideas from all parts of the world will be invited to attend the opening session-of this school. While Professor Herron doubtless means well enough, his applied Christianity is only applied paganism. It is a fit companion of " Christian citizenship." A ROMAN Catholic paper charges that the new king of Italy, Victor Emanuel III., if not an out-and-out atheist is at least an agnostic or freethinker. It is also said that the queen has no real sympathy for the Catholic Church. " But, then," suggests an exchange, "anybody is an ' atheist ' or ' freethinker,' from a zealous Catholic's standpoint, who does not concede the right of the Pope to temporal power." <at <at A PROMINENT paper asks: " Why doesn't Italy protest to England against the ' excessive liberty' accorded to anarchists? The most flamboyant ' red ' may enjoy the freedom of Hyde park of, a Sunday and talk anarchy till he is blacl in the face under a red flag and the protection of the police. The same apostle caught spouting in New York or Chicago or Paterson, N. J., would be locked up before he could declare war against a single monarch." L. S. HALL of Hartford, Conn., died some time since leaving a will, which, after making some minor bequests to the amount of about, $3,0oo, left the residue of his estate, about $10,0oo, to the Advent Christian Publication Society of Boston, for the pur-pose of combating the doctrine of natural immor-tality of the soul. The heirs ask that the will be set aside on the ground that it " would be contrary to public policy to allow a bequest to stand which is 