AMERICAN SENTINEL. whether the Woman's Christitan Temperance Union and the Christian Endeavorers will support this bill as they have all the others. The exemption " which this bill proffers to observers of another. day than Sunday, is the worst one that has yet been inserted in any bill presented in Congress. In former bills it was proposed that the provisions of the Act should not apply to those who conscientiously ob-serve another day than Sunday. In this bill, its provis-ions apply to all alike, up to the point of defense in a prosecution : only then does the " exemption " clause avail. For "it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecu-tion for labor on the first day of the week that the defendant," etc. It is only when a man is prosecuted, and when he has thus become, a " defendant " that this clause is of any avail. That is to say that under this Apt every person who uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and who labors on Sunday, shall be subject to arrest and prosecution. But when he shall have been arrested and is prosecuted, then . being " the defendant" it shall be "a sufficient defense" to the "Pros-ecution," that he shall prove not only that he "uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest," but "that the labor complained of was done.in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest." And as it is the established rule of the courts that "the burden of proof rests upon him who claims the exemption ; " and also that such disturbance may be mental, and may be caused merely by the knowledge that the person is labor-ing on Sunday; it is perfectly plain that under such an act as this, the observer of another day than Sunday would be placed in a position of such difficulty as ought to satisfy the greatest inquisitor-general that ever hunted a heretic. See also where this bill places honest industry. By the plain words of the bill, "the sale of malt and spiritu-ous liquors," and of course the drinking of them, may be publicly carried on on Sunday wherever "provided for by law," without any danger of interrupting or disturbing other persons, and without any danger of any person being arrested, or prosecuted, or made a defendant in court. Whereas any quiet, sober, inoffensive Christian who en-gages in holiest labor on Sunday is instantly subject to arrest, and prosecution, and to be made defendant in such a network of difficult circumstances as to make it practically impossible to escape. Thus by this bill drunkenness, carousal and general deviltry are given specific sanction, hoodlumism is en-couraged, and idleness is enforced, on Sunday; while honest industry is forbidden, condemned and persecuted. And they expect the national Government to put the seal of its approval upon the iniquitous proposal. It may be that they can persuade the Government to do so. But howlong can a Government live that so reverses the true order Of things? Honest industry is the life of the State. Idleness, even voluntary, is death to the State. And enforced idleness is the suicide of the State. There is no room for doubt that the National Sab-bath Alliance took a great deal of care in the franaing.of this bill. It bears the marks of this all over: Bishop Satterlee and his associates probably.think that in fram-ing and promoting the bill they are pleasing the Lord; but if they had formed a set purpose to please Satan himself, it is difficult to conceive how they could have taken a course better adapted to such purpose than they have taken in the matter of framing this bill and trying to get it enacted into law. Probably there will be those who will say that the sponsors of this bill do not mean all thatwe have pointed out. We are not asking anybody to tell what they do or do not mean. We do not care to know what they mean or do not mean. We do know now what they have said, and assuredly that is enough. Is It Christian ? Is the "Christian Citizenship" movement a Christian undertaking in truth, or is it such only in name? We ask this question with particular reference to some statements made by the president, Mr. Edwin D. Wheelock, in the Golden Rule, of December 10. That individual says " It has taken three years to educate.even a compara-tively few people up to a clear understanding of the full and true meaning of the Christian Citizenship move-ment. . . . " Christian citizenship is more than reform; it is regen-eration. "It is more than the ethics of politics; it is the science of righteousness. "It maintains that the State is as truly sacred as the Church, should be governed by as high principles, and should recognize God as the source of all authority. "It believes that but two ways, lie before our country; one leading to anarchy, the other to the application of gospel principles to public affairs. "It is the voice of one crying in the wilderness of public sins, `Prepare ye the way of the Lord ; ' measure all things by the rule of absolute righteousness rather than that of ' policy ' ; cast out whatever is not in harmony with the teaching of Christ." The first of these statements distinctly and emphati-cally affirms that " Christian citizenship " is regeneration. This is a scriptural term, and refers the mind to that deep and vital mystery of the gospel of GodŠthe new birth. "Except a man be born again, he cannot seethe kingdom of God" is a cardinal doctrine of the Christian religion. This new birth is "of water and of the spirit." John 3 :5. In Titus 3 :5 it is spoken of as "the washing of regenera-tion and renewing of the Holy Ghost." But "Christian Citizenship" is confessedly not "of water and of the Spirit." It does not seek to attain the end it has in view by any such means. Its means are, the ballot and legislation. Through these it seeks "the ap-plication of gospel principles to public affairs." As there-fore its means are earthly and not spiritual; as regenera- 