632 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE North Pole has at last been discovered, accord-ing to evidence derived from a buoy picked up in Arctic waters; and now the great problem in Arctic explora-tion is to discover the man who discovered the pole. For the man in question, M. Andree, a daring Swedish aeronaut, has not turned up in any known locality since he left Dane's Island in his balloon, bound northward, some three years ago. And having lost the world in discovering the pole, much doubt remains whether the world, Andree, or the pole are any better off than they were before. FIFTY saloon-keepers in Spring Valley, Ill., were ar-rested for violation of the Sunday dramshop law, on August 29, and all pleaded guilty, the fines and costs amounting to nearly $600. Mayor Baxter acted as detective in the case, and on making the rounds of the groggeries Sunday morning, he discovered the back doors were all open, though he had given his police strict orders to see that they were closed. THE Liquor Dealers' Association in Wilmington, Del., is considering the advisability of making a fight against the clubs which sell liquor without a license. They claim it interferes with legitimate trade and brings discredit on the business. And what does this show but that the liquor business approves of license, and that license throws a cloak of respectability around a thor-oughly discreditable business? * * THE president of a German theological seminary in Atlanta, Ga., indicts the chain gang system of that State as being a great school for the education of negro boys in crime. About two thousand negroes are in the chainŁgangs of the State at the present time. Ł * * THE Christian Citizen has been discontinued as the organ of the Christian Citizenship League, and in its place comes Church and State, the editor of which frankly states that "The name CHURCH AND STATE ex-presses the Christian citizenship principles we wish to advocate better than the old name Christian Citizen did or could." This is the truth beyond a doubt; and we  wish the new venture all the benefit to be derived from honesty and consistency. * Of course, the paper is not, any more than was the Christian Citizen, in favor of union of church and state, professedly. It admits, however, that church and state ought to be one in some things. "In the make-up of in-dividuals they are essentially one, for the same man may be both a Christian and a patriot." "Clearly," it says further, "church and state are one in the individu-als of which they are composed, and one in the moral principles insisted upon, as far as law can regulate con-duct." * Church and state, then, must be united in the "Chris-tian citizen." But does a union of church and state, anywhere, produce good fruits? Does it bear different fruit in the soil of the individual heart and mind, from that it bears in the soil of human society and govern-ment? By what principle of logic can it be affirmed that it does? If church and state are united in each individual of the nation, and the individuals of the nation are united in the government and in their union constitute the government, how can a union of church and state be avoided in the government? * * Under such circumstances, a union of church and state must exist, which while not actively in evidence, is no less real. This union in the individual member of the church and of the state, is the germ from which the full church-and state tree grows. If there were no germ, there would be no tree; and it is useless to condemn the tree and approve the germ. The only way to effectually cure an evil is to pluck it up by the roots. ' In the Christian Citizenship movement, professing asŁ it does belief only in church and-state union "in the make up of individuals," but in reality tending plainly to church and-state union in the Government, we have an illustration of the truth that church and state union arises naturally from that union in the individual, and that church members can not at the sametime be a part of the state, with safety either to the church or to the state. * THE following opinion relative to the propriety of the Philippine war, delivered by General Funston, who has won renown as a daring fighter, is pointed to by imperialist papers on account of its "optimism," which of course they fully indorse:Š "I have never for a minute had any qualms as to the- 