Equal and exact justice to all alert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JULY 24, 1890. NUMBER 29. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED wirtaxim, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the'  New 'York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - Ł ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOOIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. IN a letter to the Rocky Mountain, News, Ellis Meredith says : " The Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts Preached three times on Sunday last, at various churches in our city, each discourse being on the observance of the Sabbath. This trio of sermons brings irresistibly to Mind, the saying of the old Scotch bishop, Lauderdale : It's awfu' wonderfu' tae me, hoo some folk tak' it up& theirsel's tae explain things tae the Alraighty." Ł 1,  Ł  TFRI religious education of the children of the State cannot be entrusted to the State. Why ? Because the State has no religion, ond cannot have. Were the State to get religion then we would have a State religion, and that would be un-American. If the State should join the Church then we would have a State Church, and that would not be republican. The State is entirely secular and cannot teach religion,ŠRev. T. D. Peake. THE German Emperor is reported as having " frankly admitted that governŠments cannot accomplish much unless organized Christianity comes to their aid." In view of this conclusion he writes an autograph letter to the Pope inviting his co-operation in the adjustment of so-cial questions in the present crisis in conti-nental labor agitation, etc. The corres-pondent who reports this declares, "There is no doubt that a great national move-ment is on foot, to give the Pope a leading part in an effort to deal with universal labor troubles, His holiness recognizes  this as a great opportunity for the church to put itself at the head of the world-wide reform demanded by organized la-bor. He holds that the nation must adopt the principles of Christianity, and that the church is the only power competent to meet the issues involved in the social and industrial movement." How different is this from the "great national movement on foot" in this country ? The two are born of the same mother; in fact they are twins. Ł Another Scheme to Establish a National Religion. MENTION has before been made of the introduction of a bill in the United States Senate, by Senator Edmunds, providing for the establishment of a national uni-versity. That such a bill had been intro-duced was all we knew about it particu-larly, until a few days ago, when by sending to the capitol we received a copy of it. Like many other of these things that are being carried on in Congress, when read by title it does not appear to many as a very bad thing; yet even though all that this bill intends, or all that it means, were suggested in the title, it would still be a very serious question whether a national university would be conducive to the best interests of educa-tion in the United States. It would be impossible to keep it free from political preferences and intrigue. But this is not the worst feature of the bill, nor is it the material one. The bill not only provides for the estab-lishment of a national university, but it also provides for the establishment of the Christian religion in that university. The bill was introduced May 14, 1890, and is entitled, " A Bill to Establish the Uni-versity of the United States." Section 1.  says:Š Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled, That there shall be, and hereby is, established, a corporation in the city of Wash-ington to be known as The University of the United States. Section 2 provides a Board of Regents that is to be composed of the President and the cabinet of the United States, with the Chief Justice, and also twelve citizens of the United States to be appointed by a concurrent resolution of the two houses; and when any vacancy occurs in the office of any regent thus appointed, it is to be filled likewise by the concurrent .resolution of the two houses. This pro-vision for the appointment of the twelve citizens of the United States to this place will open the way for the practice of all the political wire-pulling, lobbying, and " influence " that pertain to the United States appointments generally. Section 3 provides that this university shall institute and carry on a course of education and research in all branches of learning and investigation that shall, in the opinion of the Board of Regents, from time to time, be most conducive to the advancement and to the increase and de-velopment of knowledge, and such as the usual course of education in schools, col-leges, and universities in the United States does not furnish the best means and facil-ities for doing. Section 7 appropriates a sum not exceed-ing five hundred thousand dollars to pro-cure the necessary grounds, and to erect the necessary buildings. Section 8 provides five million dollars of the public money as the principal of a perpetual fund from the interest of which, at four per cent., the necessary funds are to be taken to carry on the work of the university, and no more than the amount -of such income shall be used, for the pur-poses mentioned in the bill. Section 9 provides that the Board of Regents may receive gifts and donations in aid of any of the objects proposed in the bill. In view of the numerous de-mands for help to farmers, mechanics, laboring men, and almost every class, that are now being made upon the United States, the prospect does not look very brilliant that the regents of this university will be very speedily overwhelmed with 