FEBRUARY T, 1895. of the day, and Sunday laws have come down to us a heritage from the Church and State governments of the Old World, in which the idea prevailed that it was the duty of the State to foster and cherish religion and religious institutions for its own preservation. It is a demonstrated truth that although the Church and the State has taken a Sab-bath institution which requires rest for its proper observance, and labeled it civil and called it a sanitary measure, and enforced it avowedly in the interest of man's physi-cal nature and the welfare of society, yet it still remains a religious institution. The Government by calling it civil, has not taken away its religious character. The character and nature of a bottle of poison is not changed by changing the label on it from "poison" to "food." A British coin with the image of the Queen on it would not become a United States coin by erasing the image and stamping an eagle upon it. No one would have the right to do such a thing. It would be a fraud and a counterfeit, because it would not be a :United States coin although so stamped. So the Sabbath is a divine in-stitution revealed alone in the Scriptures : hence religious in character. Therefore, for any human government to take it or its rival Sunday and stamp it civil and enforce it as a day of rest, is to usurp the place of God, and as a usurper exercise authority in enforcing a religious institu-tion under the false and deceptive plea that it is civil because called so. H. M. BROWN. .-4.- Religious Liberty Violated. TgERE is deplorable ignorance as to what constitutes religions liberty. To a large proportion of the human race, relig-ious liberty means "the right to believe as I please, and to act accordingly." Oth-ers mistake religious toleration for liberty. Groat Britain grants toleration, but not liberty or equality. France grants a larger degree of religious liberty, but still lays a tax upon every one, of whatever belief or unbelief, for the equal support of every form of religious worship whose profess-ors ask for this State aid. In not a few of our States religious liberty is grossly, wickedly, infamously violated, through abuse of what are called the Sun-day laws. The International Religious Liberty Association, Battle Creek, Mich., publishes a pamphlet entitled, " Religious Persecution," from which we gather a few facts. At Springdale, Washington county, Ark., Elders Wellman and Scoles, Seventh-day Adventists, held meetings which re-sulted in the organization of a Seventh-day Adventist Church. Elder Scoles gra-tuitously painted the meeting-house, which was out of sight of all public roads.* On Sunday he did a small strip of painting. For this lie was arrested and convicted. Mr. James, another Seventh-day Advent-ist, did some carpenter work on the house of a poor widow, as an act of charity. The widow was to be thrown out of the house in which she lived, and had no other shelter; so he worked in the rain on Sun-day. He too was arrested and fined. He would have been imprisoned, but for the fine being paid by others. Mr. Armstrong, for working in his garden, was arrested and locked up in jail with another pris-oner, with only a little straw and a blanket * The work, not the building, was out of sight of all public roads.ŠEns. SENTINEL. about thirty inches wide for both of them. And all this time, Sunday trains were running, Sunday excursions were adver-tised, men and boys were shooting squir-rels in the woods, without check. So eager were the prosecutors that men were ar-rested and fined and imprisoned when the alleged offense was committed previous to the enactment of the law. In Tennessee Sunday gaming and shoot-ing have not been interfered with, but when a lawless mob fired into a congrega-tion of Sabbath Adventists, the crime went unnoticed. Men cut their wheat and rafted logs on Sunday, untouched by the law, but those who had conscientiously observed their Sabbath were put into the chain gang. From the windows of the jail where they were confined, on Sunday they saw a train load of workingmen pass-ing in the streets not thirty feet from the jail, going out to work. We have already spoken of the case of William B. Capps of Weakley County, Tenn. He says: "During my imprisonment I saw work done on Sunday that was followed every other day in the week. Beeves were killed and hauled through the town to the place of sale. Dry goods were sold." The Am-erican Hebrew of NewŁYork made a plea for Mr. Capps, and raised money among the Hebrews for the payment of his fine, whereupon he was released. Similar per-secutions have occurred in Maryland and Georgia. A similar case occurred in west-ern Pennsylvania. A few years ago a Seventh-day Baptist deacon, who had run a cultivator through his corn on Sunday, and had worked his planing-mill, far from any habitation and from any place of wor-ship, was arrested, imprisoned and fined. All these are in violation of the princi-ple of religious liberty, which is that the State takes no cognizance whatever of any one's religion or lack of religionŠthat the State has nothing to do with religion, ex-cept to see that no one's religious rights are interfered with. No one under what-ever guise has a right to disturb the Sun-day worship of his neighbors. No one has a right, on Sunday, to go through the streets with a band of music, or to cry his wares; but any work done that day that does not interfere with the rights of oth-ers, is utterly out of the proper reach of the law. Ł It is amazing how good people fail to understand what are the principles in this matter. At the last quarterly meeting of the Philadelphia Ministers' Union the writer proposed a resolution to the effect that the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794 should not be used for the violation of religious liberty in the case of quiet and conscientious citizens, who having ob-served the seventh day as a day of rest and worship, perform on the first day of the week such labor as does not interfere with the religious rights of their fellow-citizens. This resolution was opposed by one speaker on the ground that it was very dangerous to open the door at all, or in the least to relax the requirements of the law; by another, on the ground that very few cases of hardship occurred under the law; and by another, on the ground that if this resolution were adopted, it would be nec-essary also to exempt those who observe Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, or any other day of the week. At last a master stroke was effected. A member called the attention of the chairman to the fact 'that the hour of adjournment had already passed, and thereupon the chair-man ruled that the body was no longer in  session. It is this sort of thing that brings reproach upon Christianity. It is just such religious persecution as would make the Lord's day an offense.ŠThe Examiner and National Baptist, New York, Jan. 81, 1895. "I AM SURPRISED," Says Prof. E. A. Sheldon, Presi-dent of the New York State Normal School, Oswego, "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a price." Yes, The NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY and COMPLETE VEST-POCKET LIBRARY is full of happy surprises. It successfully combines in one small volume of vest-pocket size, A Dictionary of 45,800 words, A Complete Parliamentary Manual, (Based on Roberts' and Cushing's) A Literary Guide, etc. --FOR THE VEST POCKET OR THE WRITING DESK.-- Simple, - - Handy, - - Reliable. Just what everybody needs for every-day use. DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows:Š FINE SILK CLOTH, Red edges, 25 cents. MOROCCO, Gold edges, - - - - 50 cents. EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Mem-orandum, Three - Years Calendar, Stamp Holder, etc.. 60 cents. All three styles are indexed. ŠADDRESS-- PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. History of the Doctrine of the Soul, among all races and peoples, ancient and modern, in-cluding theologians, philosophers, scientists, and un-tutored aborigines, carefully .brought down to the present time. 136 pp., 12mo., '75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel pror is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5803 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk RY, G.P.& A. C. ce G. T. By., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, 0. T. By., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. 