262 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ant countries, the papacy continually clamors for a fair -field, and no favor, and they aver if this is conceded they -are contented; and at the same time they pretend to al-low these same advantages to all corners. But for the present we shall cite but one case of many, to prove the -fallacy cf such action About three years ago the Anglican Archbishop of Dublin, Ireland, made a tour to Spain to consecrate the -first Spanish Protestant bishop, and to dedicate the first Protestant church in the city of Madrid. Scarcely had it become publicly known, when a great uproar was raised, and the Catholic Archbishop of Madrid breathed forth threatenings against those Protestant intruders, and im-mediately appealed to the legislative assemblies to inval-idate the Protestant bishop's consecration; and to pro-hibit the continuance of dissenter's worship in the former headquarters of the Iberian inquisition. And although he was unable to fully execute his malevolent designs, he eventually succeeded in having a statute passed to pro-hibit the Protestants from building an entrance to their church on the main street, so they have to be content with ,a small entrance to their house of worship, on a narrow side street. Now if the Catholic Church is content with a fair field -and no favor, why did their ecclesiastical primate in Spain protest against the free worship of the Anglicans in Ma-drid? Simply because in Spain Rome has the majority, and there you see her in her true colors. May the Sun of Righteousness so illuminate the minds -of Protestants of all lands, that they may discern the danger of compromising in any degree whatever with Rome, since such a course would eventually carry them Łdown the stream of error, over the rapids of delusion, fi-nally to be cast into the boiling waters of eternal destruc-tion. "Awake, thou that sleepest, arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light." Republica Argentina. The Attractive Power of the Church. THE house of God which becomes noted in a neigh-borhood as a place in which many sinners have been "transformed by the renewing of their minds," will, by a -certain instinct of our redeemed humanity, soon become a center of attraction, not only to those who, with scarcely any light, are groping after the truth, but even to men who are still hardily going on in sin. The great-est fame of Christianity is the fame of the cures she works, her greatest glory the glory of the saints she trains, her own unshared renown the renown of sinners renewed in the image of God; and wherever works of this kind are noised abroad in any community, there the preacher will not want hearers, there the sower will not be without a field. Rev. William Arthur. "THE heart is deceitful above all things, and desper-ately wicked." "In Bonds." "Unto the furtherance of the gospel." Phil. 1:12. BY FANNIE BOLTON. HAST heard the great apostle speak Of bonds? Hast heard? Hast heard? Art thou in bonds sad, tempted, weak, And hast thou understood the word,ŠHow for the furtherance of God's grace It happened by His ministry? And art thou sighing in thy place, When God will work the same for thee? Look at the great apostle's face Glorious as Stephen's, yet how wan! Standing a king with royal grace To preach to kings as man to man. And yet if bonds had not been his, No king had heard his message given. Would he be free and fail of this? Bound so of earth, freed so of heaven! So God's beloved, where thou art, Bound with temptation, sorrow, grief. Lay thou no charge against God's heart. Let faith reach up for love's relief. And thou, for learning trust, shalt know A secret that hath fragrant wings For furtherance of the gospel. So Thy gift shall stand thy feet with kings. And when thou seest heaven come down, And earth with ministering angels stirred, When tears fall 'neath a monarch's crown As he sits trembling at God's word, Ł When slaves about his throne are freed To live or die for Christ through thee, Thy bond-chains shall be light indeed For such rewarded ministry. I. I,  -11- 4 4 Why It Will Succeed. BY C. H. RESLAKE. THERE are many religious organizations in this coun-try which are doing all that they possibly can to have Sunday enforced by law. If they can do it on constitutional grounds, by simply having the Constitution changed so that the law, as pro-fessedly a part of Christianity, can be incorporated into and made a part of the Constitution, well and good; but if they cannot do it constitutionally, they are determined that it shall be done anyway. That they will ultimately succeed is certain, for the Word of God has clearly foretold this. But not only may one know this from this source. It may also be known from the fact, as Col. Richard M. Johnson, in his report to the Senate in 1829, says that "all religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate uponthe political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the 