Runs Easy. NO BAMAC13111. A $65.00 Sewing Machine! For $18.00. Black Walnut Furniture Cot,. er,Drop Leaf,61)rawersandFull Set of Attachments. Warranted. 41biea or Family Scale, 81.00. /40 0 other Articles to % usua prices. Send for Catalogue. CHICAGO SCALE CO,. Chicago. THE. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 367 glItrerti5tment5. ADVERTISING RATES made known on appli- cation. No advertisements of patent medicines, novelties, cigars, tobacco, liquors, novels or any-thing of a trivial, intemperate, immoral or impure nature accepted. We reserve the right to reject ANY ad vertisement. " The Ideal" Account and Memorandum Book, and Business Guide (Copyrighted). 'PECIAL FEATURES: Fully and plainly speci-fied accounts ; Silicate slatesŠfor both slate and lead-pencil, contains slate-pencil and lead-pencil (with eraser) i  a printed washing listŠon silicate (very convenient); business and legal forms, etc., etc. 150pages, 3,-4x5 inches, Substantially bound, in full Russia only. Price, only $L00, post-paid. To book dealers, $6.00 per set (8), express paid. Strictly first-class, very popular. A handsome and useful holiday present. Order at once of the publisher, A. L. ANTHONY, Yountville, PACIFIC '3SISIt Life Scholarship, $75. Send for Catalogue. G. H. KRIECHBAUM, DENTIST, Office 8541 Broadway, Corner Seventh, Oakland 011ice Hours--9 to 12 A. 51. and 1 to 5 P. M. Rooms 17 and 18. Vona and iterce6 Comity buds TO RENT AND FOR SALE. 15,000 Acres of Wheat and Sugar Beet Land in the above Coun- ties, to rent for a term of years. Also moo° Acres of fine Raisin, Fruit, Al- falfa, and Sugar Beet Land, with water for irrigation, for sale in tracts of from 20 acres to large tracts suitable for Colony pur-poses. For particulars, apply to E. B. PERRIN, 402 Kearny Street, San, Francisco, - Ł Cal. Cords10 HOURS EY ONE MAN. 'Write for desoriptiVe catalogue eon. mining testimonials from hundreds of people who have sawed from 4 to °cords daily, 25,o00nowsuceessfullyused. Anency can be had where there is a vacancy. A NEW INVENTION for Ming saws sent tree with each machine, by the use of this tool everybody can file their own saws now and do it better than the greatest expert can withŁ out it. Adapted to all cross-cut saws. Every one who FOLDING;   hould have MACHINE  yr dealers or write SAWINGCO., SOS to 811 Ł South. Casual Street, Chicago, 'EMPLOYMENT LatiriviJ  REEI 'For information of all States and-  Territo es, with Beautiful Engravings of the most interesting Scenery hid the various Industries of all Sections, send 10 cents for copy of TUE WESTERN WORLD. Illustrate& For complete copy of all Government Land Laws4a rhe most comprehensive, instructive and wefts lored Map of every State and Territory (including laska) with a History of each from earliest tlmell,,se HE WESTERN WORLD GUIDE AND HANDŁBDON /30o ever paulished. It tells who are entitle to the Public Lands ' Łand how to get them; giving all the same. It also Al Laws in relationto the gives all laws of each State of importance to Set. tiers, Far- ors ; also 1 01610.5 . mere or Prospect lir:Dail AlŁI. $1/31 Postal Laws and all Pension, rat. those seeking e States; as 4W1110;00‚ Laws of eel of a guide or ent or Pleasure A0w.—, /et Homes, Emp oyŁ tory of every Na- ig so valuable ifi;*$  ‚ pensive. It also 06ti *1) tion in -the and compre. gives a Ws-there is moth. World, Ł how and erned,etc,ete: in ad- . ''?4,,...?/.  tion it-contains by whom Goy- a moat complete 1 p.  [ul information, Tables anaEacts, which would hardly be found In any other one hundred books, and which snake it worth ten times its weight in Gold. It contains nearly 400 pages, neatly bound DMid Mailed to all part of the World for 50 Cents. It is ie best aelling Book for Agents ever published. Many re making $100 per month; others as high as 02,500a year selling the Guide and Hand-Book, Premiums and obtaining Subscriptions. We will send afree copy and terms to any one ordering two books and sending$1.00. "The Western World'  Illustrated:,  one year and Guide and hand-Book both for cents. Address VIM walnuts-wo Chleawo. Iii. YOUR ATTENTION TO THIS LIST OF BOOKS. JUVENILE BOOKS. BIBLE BIRTHDAY RECORDŠA text-book for the young. By the author of "Hymns from the Land of Luther," etc. 32mo, cloth extra, gilt edges, 50c. BIBLE BIRTHDAY BOOKŠA choice selection of texts for every day in the year. By the author of "Hymns from the Land of Luther," etc. 32mo, cloth extra, gilt edges, 50c. BIBLE SCENES AND STORIESŠContaining 50 of the finest drawings of Gustave Dore, with descriptive letter-press. Royal 8vo, cloth, $3 00. DORE'S BIBLE GALLERYŠCOntaining a selec-tion of 100 of the finest drawings of Gustave Dore, with descriptive letter-press. By T. W. Chambers, D.D. Crown folio, cloth, full gilt, $4.00. FIRST STEPS FOR LITTLE FEET IN GOSPEL PATHSŠBy the author of " The Story of the Bible." 828 pages, with colored frontispiece and 140 Illustrations. 16mo, cloth, 75c. As its title indicates, this work is designed for the little ones, and consists of short lessons fol-lowed by qudstions so simple that the little hearers, if attentive when the passage is read, may readily answer. PALESTINE FOR THE YOUNGŠBy the Rev. Andrew A. Bonin'. A finely illustrated description of the Holy Land, which, though written in a style adapted to the understanding of the young, is at the same time full of instruction for those of ma-turer years. It will add an interest to the study of the Scriptures in both old and young. l2mo, cloth, $1.00. PILGRIM'S PROGRESS ŠBy John Bunyan. 12mo, cloth, $1.00. RIDE THROUGH PALESTINE (The)ŠBy the Rev. John W. Dulles, D.D. Illustrated by 184 snaps and engravings. 2d edition; 12mo, cloth, $2.00. The author has sought to make this book one that will be acceptable in the family circle, and that will not only go into the Sabbath-school library, but be taken out of it also. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNGŠWith numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50c; cloth extra, 75c. GARDE V SWING, AND OTHER STORIES (The) ŠA book for boys and girls. Large 4to, cloth, inked and illuminated side, large type, many beautiful oil-colored and other illustrations, $1.75. LITTLE WORKERSŠA book for boys and girls. Large 4to, cloth, inked and illuminated sides, large type, many beautiful oil-colored and other illustrations. $1.75. ROLLO'S TOUR IN EUROPEŠBy Jacob Abbott. 10 vols., fully illustrated. 16mo, cloth, black and gold, in box, $10.00Šreduced to $7.00, Among all the books written for youth there are few which have equaled, and none have surpassed in interest or instruction, uric writings of Jacob Abbott. His name has become a house-hold word throughout the land. STORY OF THE GOSPEL (The)ŠBy the author of "The Story of the Bible." The New Testa-ment in simple form for children, written in language easy to understand. Printed in large, plain type, and filled with pictures. 360 pages, 16mo, with 150 illustrations and a frontispiece in colors ; cloth, 75c. STORY OF A POCKET BIBLE (The)ŠA book for all classes of readers. This volume is exceedingly interesting, and full of valuable religious instruction. Its thread of imaginary autobiography guides the reader through a delightful path of rich and beautiful incident, which can scarcely fail of making deep and holy impressions on his heart. 12mo, cloth, $1.00. STORY OF THE BIBLE (The)ŠFrom Genesis to Revelation. Told in simple language, adapted to all ages, especially to the young. By the author of "First Steps for Little Feet" and " The Story of the Gospel." " The Story of the Bible" differs from all other books of its class. It does not contain stories about the Bible,, but is a simple version of the main portions of the Bible itself, from Genesis to the Revelation; 704 pages, 300 illustrations; 12mo, cloth, $1.50. A Story of the Bible AnimalsŠContaining 704 pages and 300 illustrations. Bound in fine English muslin. Price, only $1.50. This book contains a description of each ani-mal mentioned in the Bible, and tells of its ap-pearance, its habits, and the use to which it was put by mankind. New Lights on Old. PthsŠBy the author of the " Story of the Bible."Size, 934x8x1% inches. 496 pages, 330 illustrations, bound in cloth, gilt edges. Price, only $2.00. A very interesting and profitable book for both old and young. TOY BOOKS.. BIBLE PICTURE SERIESŠFour kinds. Beauti-fully printed in colors, with pictorial covers. 4to, 25c each, on paper; per doz., $3.00. Series I. Series II. Queen Esther. King Solomon. Daniel. Moses. Joseph and Ills Brothers. Ruth. Life of Christ. David. KITTEN SERIESŠFour kinds; beautifully print- ed in colors, with pictorial covers. 4to, on paper, per dozen, $2.00 ; 20c each. Fourfooted Friends and Favorites. Pussies at Mischief. The Three Little Kittens. The Three White Kittens. " LANDSEER" SERIES OF PICTURE BOOKS (The)ŠWith letter-press descriptions by Mrs. Sun. Four books in the series, each containing four of Land,seer's pictures, beautifully printed in oil colors, With eight pages of bold letter-press descriptions. Covers ornamented with additional designs after Landseer. 4to; per doz. $2.00; 20c. each. Return from the Warren, etc. Children and Rabbits, etc. Duke of Sutherland's Children, etc. Beauty's Bath, etc. VALUABLE BOOKS AT MODERATE PRICES. HISTORY. Antiquities of the Christian ChurchŠBy Joseph Bingham. 2. vols., sheep, $10. The intent of this work is to give the customs and usages of the Christian Church for the first four or five centuries under certain proper head-ings, so that the reader may at once take a view of any particular custom or usage of the early Christians. History of InterpretationŠEight lectures preached before the University of Oxford, in the year 1885, on the foundation of the late Rev. John Bampton. By Frederic W. Farrar, D. D., F. R, S. Cloth, 8vo, $3.50. The author instead of dogmatically propound-ing a scheme of interpretation, has allowed the scheme. History interpretation to suggest to us its own History of Romanism, From the Earliest Cor-ruptions of Christianity, chronological ta-bles, indexes, glossary, and numerous illustra-tive engravings, By John Dowling, D. D. Large Svo, cloth, $4.00. A new edition, with supplements, continuing the history from the accession of I ope Pius IX. to his proclamation of Papal Infallibility, a :d his deposition as a temporal Sovereign, A. D. 1870. History of Protestantism (The), From the Earli-est Period to the .F resent, TimeŠBy Rev. J A. Wylie, LL.D. In three volumes, each contain-ing about 200 illustrations and over 600 pages. Per set, $15,000. History of the Huguenots (A)ŠBy W. Carlos Martyn. There is no page of history which is at once so fascinating in the dramatic interest of its scenes, and so momentous, as that which records the history of the Huguenots. Whether judged by its motive, its influence, or its episodes, it is equally grand. 12mo, cloth, $1.50. History of the Waldens.sŠBy J. A. Wylie, LL.D. Illustrated by 20 full-page engravings. This work describes the conflicts waged by the Waldenses, and the martyrdoms they endured in defense of their faith and their liberty. 212 pages; price, 90 cents. History of the Reformation of the Sixteenth CenturyŠBy J. H. Merle D'Aubigne, D.D. 5 Vols. in 1, 8vo, cloth, $1.25, The history of one of the greatest revolutions that has ever been accomplished in human affairs. " There is a fascination in the pages of Merle D'Aubigne which transcends that of romance as much as truth is superior to fiction," History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman EmpireŠBy Edward Gibbon, with notes by the Rev. H. H. Milman and M. Guizot. 6 vols., 12mo, cloth, $3.00. History of England, from the Invasion of Ju-lius Caesar to the Abdication of James II., 1688-'By David Hume. Popular edition. 6 vols., 12mo, cloth, $3.00. History of England, from the Accession of James II., 1685, to the Death of William IV., 1837ŠBy Lord Macaulay. 5 vols., 12rno; cloth, $2.50. Josephus, Flavius ŠThe works of Flavius Jo-sephus. A history of the Jewish Nation; trans-lated by William Whiston, A.M., with life, portrait, notes and index. A new cheap edition in clear type. 8vo, cloth, $2.00. Mosheim's Ecclesiastical History, Ancient and. ModernŠIn 4 books. Much corrected, enlarged, and improved from the primary authorities; be-ing a new and literal translation from the origi-nal Latin, with copious notes by James Murdock, D.D. 3 vols. in 1. Cloth, Svo, $3.00. Old and. New Testament Connected (The) in the History of the Jews .and. Neighboring Na-tions, from the Declension of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah to the time of ChristŠBy Humphrey Prideaux, P.D. 15th American and the 20th London edition. The whole illustrated with maps and plates. In 2 large Svo cloth, $4.00. Rollins' Ancient HistoryŠThe Ancient History of the Egyptians, Carthaginians, Assyrians, Babylonians, Medes and Persians, Macedonians, and Grecians. By Charles Rollin. Translated from the French. In 4 vols. Price, $3.25. Seven Great Monarchies (The)ŠBy George Raw-linson, M.A. The history, geography, and an-tiquities of Chaidea, Assyria, Babylon, Media', Persia, Parthia, and Sassanian, or New Persian Empire. vols., cloth, gilt top, maps and illus- trations, $2.80. Wharey's Church HistoryŠSketches of church history, comprising a regular series of the most important and interesting events in the history of the church from the birth of Christ to the 19th century. By the Rev. Jas. Wharey. Cloth, 60c, BIOGRAPHY. FOX'S BOOK OF MARTYRS; or, a History of the Lives, Sufferings, and Triumphant Deaths of the Primitive Protestant Martyrs. 1 vol., 12mo, cloth, 75c. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST (The)ŠBy Cun-ningham Geikie, D.D. Large print edition, 2 vols. in 1. 8vo, cloth, $1.50. The author has endeavored to present in this work a reliable picture of the life of our Lord in the midst of the world in which he moved. Small print edition of above, cloth, 16mo, 50e. LIFE OF OUR LORD UPON THE EARTHŠConsidered in its historical, chronological, and geographical relations. By Samuel J. Andrews. New edition, crown Svo, cloth, $2.50. LIFE OF CHRIST FOR OLD AND YOUNG (The)ŠBy Cunningham Geikic, D.D. With 50 illustrations. 8vo, cloth, $1.50. This is a new book and not an abridgment, and is written for the multitude, older or younger. The fullest life of our Lord must always remain the best for the student, clerical or lay; but while these have their wishes already supplied, -others both older and younger have been without a similar presentation of the gos-pel narrative, within smaller limits, more suited to their taste and leisure. LIFE OF CHRIST (The)ŠBy Frederick IV. Far-rar, D.D. 12mo, cloth, $1.00. LIVES OF THE FATHERSŠSketches of church history and biography. By Frederick W. Farrar, D.D., F.R.S. The author's object is not to write a full and continuous history of the early church, but rather to connect the history of the church during the first four centuries with the lives of her principal fathers and teachers. 2 vols., cloth, $5.00. LIVINGSTONE AND STANLEY (The Lives and -Travels of)ŠCovering their entire career in Southern and Central Africa, carefully pre-pared from the most authentic sources. A thrilling narrative of the adventures, discov-eries, experiences and achievements of the greatest explorers of modern times, in a wild and wonderful country. By Rev. J. E. Cham- bplaigsse,  .s reducedRi elyitllour5a0tod. Large 8vo, cloth, 760 This work includes Livingstone's early life, preparation for his life-work, a sketch of Africa as known before his going there, his discovery by Stanley, the three great mysteries of the past five thousand years solvethby Stanley, etc., etc.. LIFE AND TIMES OF LUTHER (The)ŠBy W. Carlos Martyn. Most of Luther's biographers have traced his We chiefly and intentionally from a personal standpoint. In these pages an effort has been made to combine a biography of Luther and a concise history of the Reformation, so that the most unlettered reader might get from this vol-ume at once an accurate personal view of Luther and a clear idea of the grounds upon which the Reformation was based, together with its salient characteristics and its most famous historical personages. 12mo, cloth, $1.50. LIFE OF ADONIRAM JUDSON (The)ŠBy his son Edward Judson. It is the purpose of the author to give a clear and consecutive story of a career which may be justly said to form the main artery of all Ameri-can foreign missionsndeavor. In order to bring into bold relief Mr. Judson's social, domestic, and personal traits, large extracts have been in-troduced from his journals. 8vo, cloth, $1.50. LIFE OF ST. PAUL (The)ŠBy Frederic IV. Far-rar, D.D. 8vo, illustrated with maps, cloth, $1.50. LIFE AND EPISTLES OF ST. PAUL (The)ŠBy Rev. J. W. Conybeare and Rev. J. S. Howson, Dean of Chester. Illustrated, cloth, 8vo, $3.00. The purpose of this work is to give a living picture of St. Paul himself and of the circum-stances by which he was surrounded. Com-plete, unabridged edition, large print, 2 vols. in 1. LIFE OF PAULŠSame as above, In smaller type, 12mo, cloth, without illustrations and maps, $1.00. MISCELLANEOUS. 0 In the Following List of Miscellaneous Books will be Found Something to Interest all. We Furnish them Post-paid at the PUBLISHERS' PRICES. Šo  Lives of the Fathers, Farrar, 2 vols., cloth...45.0o Life of Christ, Farrar, cloth  Loo The Messages of the Books, Farrar, cloth  3.50 History of the Interpretation, Farrar, cloth, 3,50 Life of St. Paul, Farrar  I.5o Syriac New Testament  2.50 Heads and Faces and How to Study Them, cloth  Leo Hours with the Bible, Geikie, 6 vols. in 3, ' cloth  4.50  Holy Land and the Bible, Geikie, 2 VON.Š 5.00 How We Got Our Bible, cloth  6o roo,000 Synonyms and Antonyms, cloth  Life of Christ for the Young, Geikie, cloth  1.5o The Christian's Secret of-  a Happy Life, paper  The Christian's Secret of a Happy Life, 5o  cloth  75 The Christian's Secret of a Happy Life, cloth, gilt edges  Imo Any of the above sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders to Pacific Press Publishing Coq  OAKLAND, CAL., 