114 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Liberty Not Lost. LIBERTYŠin the highest and truest sense of, the termŠcannot be lost except by voluntary surrender. No combination of Church and State power, no Sunday "laws," no restrictions, that can be put upon an individ-ual by religious legislation, can' of themselves take away that individual liberty that is from 2od. God is infinitely superior to all these forces, and it is His will that every one of `His creatures should be free. This is so, because freedom is indispensable to the ren-dering of that worship which is due from the individual,  to his Creator. God can accept no worship and no serv-ice that is not freely given. It is not therefore in any spirit of hopelessness that we point out the dangers which now threaten the liber-ties of the American people. It may be, indeed, that the Constitution, and those principles of justice which it em-bodies, and upon which bath the national and State governments are founded, will no longer serve as a pro-tection to individual rights. It would seem that this is all but true of the situation even now. But even though the Constitution be entirely subverted, and though the very pillars of free government fall, soul liberty must still remain at the disposal of its divine Author. Its source is higher than any earthly constitution or government. All of liberty that ever found its way into such embodi-ments, was placed there by Him who presides over the destinies of all men; and when any people reject it as a principle of government, there still remains that avenue through which the gifts of God descend in their most perfect form, and which no governmental power can control. This avenue the individual, himself controls, and its use depends upon his awn volition. It is the avenue of faith in the Word of God, necessitated by the relation of every individual to God. That relation is an individual relation, and is independent of earthly governments or power. What we would do, in view of the encroachments upon the guaranties of liberty set in the principles and institutions of the Government, is to point out to all the one sure means by which liberty may be retained in the individual life. We are not prophesying the loss of all lib-erty. We know that liberty will not be lost; that after Sunday "laws" shall have been made as oppressive as enthroned despotism can make them, and enforced as rigorously as the churches are demanding they should be, even after the decree shall have been enforced that none may buy or sell save such as do -homage to the papacy through that day she has set up,Šthere will be those who in the very midst of persecution will enjoy liberty in its fullness, because they havd been set free by the Son of God. "If the Son shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." It was the Son of God who, in the midst of the "burning fiery furnace" kindled by Nebuchadnezzar of  old; brought to the three faithful ones such freedom as had never been theirs before. And that was a lesson for all time of the futility of any effort of earthly govern-ment to take away liberty from the soul. And the time is comingŠsuch is the ummistakable indication of eventsŠwhen every individual must settle it with himself whether in his own case liberty shall be lost, or retained as these ancient worthies retained it. But this need cause no person fear or despondency. Never were the three Hebrews better off, or in the enjoy-ment of greater happiness, than when in the midst of the- fiery furnace. Ł The prospect before every individual who will believe and obey God is bright indeed. We would not fail ta point to this as well as to the gathering storm of reli-gious persecution. The. Two Ways. IN one of the cities of the West, lately, it was ar-ranged to celebrate by a ball, the opening of a new union depot. The celebration happened to be appointed for a Wednesday night. "The ministers of sixteen churches of the city" pub-lished "an emphatic protest," among other things, "against the presumption of arranging for such an open-ing on the night generally conceded to the prayer-meet-meeting, without any consultation with those most nearly concerned." This is another of those general pointers that show how determined are the preachers to rule everybody and everything. They insist that people who are not reli-gious shall conform in an altogether outward and formal way, to the ways and institutions of those who are reli-gious. That is, they insist that people who are not reli-gious, shall act as though they were religious, when they have no heart in it. People who are not religious have just as much right to find entertainment in the way that they choose, as the people who are religious have to find entertainment in the way that they choose. In other words, people who are not religious have just as much right to go to a ball as people who are religious have to go to a prayer-meet-ing. And there is no Sort of presumption in those who are not religious, going to such entertainment on the same night that the religious ones go to prayer-meeting. Indeed, the only presumption in the case is in anybody calling such a thing presumption. Now we are not admitting for one moment that a ball is as good as a prayer-meeting. There is no kind of comparison between them. A ball is not a good thing at all; while a prayer-meeting is only good. But there is also a great difference between the two sorts Of people. The people who go to 'balls, ought to go to prayer-meet-meeting instead. Tlry ought never to go to balls at all; and they ought to go to prayer-meeting every time. But 