AMERICAN SENTINEL. 393 THE American government of Cuba has decreed a censorship of the Cuban press, as a means of promoting the restoration of peace on the island. The announce-ment of this step was the signal for an outburst of vio-lent opposition from the Cuban papers. The Indepen-dencia speaks of it as a "horrid crime against a free people;" and The Porvenir says: "Cuba has fallen from her position of a dignified Spanish colony and become an abject slave of the intervener." * * A CENSORSHIP of the press in time of peace is con-trary to the Constitution of the United States, which declares that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, . . . or abridging freedom of speech or of the press." An attempted censorship of the press in this country would be resisted and denounced as governmental tyranny and despotism. What fault then can be found with the Cubans for viewing the cen-sorship as they do? The Spanish government censored the news in time of war; but now the American Govern-ment censors it in time of peace. * * * ON the whole, the "pacification of Cuba" seems to be proceeding along lines discouragingly similar to those followed by other nations in the "pacification" of the inhabitants of a desirable territory. It is not sur-prising that the question of annexation is coming more and more to the front in the discussion of Cuban pros-pects. OF the experiments of Professor Atwater, in the study of the drink problem, under the auspices of the Government, resulting in the announcement that two ounces of alcohol a day did no harm to the consumer, the New York Press says: "We await with something of apprehension the arrival of the entire community at the knowledge that it has a Government guarantee of im-munity for this amount of what the English think the Americans call 'liquoring up.' The internal revenue will doubtless rise; but there will be grave doubts in many a feminine breast of the wisdom of a paternal govern-ment." * * JUDGE EARNHARDT, of Columbus, Ohio, has just given  a decision declaring that Sunday selling of groceries is not a work of necessity, and does not therefore come under the exemption clause of the Sunday law. In most other places Sunday selling of groceries within specified hours is reckoned as a work of necessity and allowed. In New York City the other day a case against a delicates-sen dealer was dismissed by the magistrate because he construed the law as allowing such stores to remain open. There is a conflict of opinion in the interpreta-tion of Sunday laws, as well as a conflict in the demands of the laws in the different States. All of which exposes the fatal weakness of the cause which such laws are meant to uphold. THE Retail Grocers' Association of Reading, Pa., has petitioned the mayor to issue an order for general Sun-day observance in that city. The reason given by the Reading Herald, is that a number of grocers there keep open on Sundays, and the other grocers want them to be forced to close. Then grocers who want to keep Sun-day can do so without being tormented by the thought that while their stores are closed and themselves resting, some other grocers are taking in money. For who can enjoy Sabbath-keeping if it is to be at the expense of loss in trade? Who can enjoy a religion he doesn't get for nothing? * * * THE mayor of Reading has notified proprietors of pool rooms and resorts where gambling machines are operated that such things must not be run on Sundays. This was done upon complaint made by certain ones who are concerned for the "preservation of the Sabbath" and the "recognition of moral principle." What do such people say by this action but that pool rooms and gambling machines violate moral principle only on Sun-days, and that the preservation of the Sabbath does not call for people to be good on any day but Sunday? THERE is a revival of Sunday enforcement at Ma-comb, Ill. The mayor has ordered all saloons to be closed, and has prohibited the selling of Sunday news-papers. * * * THE biennial convention of the Lutheran Church held recently at York, Pa., passed this resolution on the Sunday question: "Resolved, That we greatly deplore the growing spirit of Sunday desecration, and that we urge all our pastors to protest against it in their public and private ministrations." Have you taken advantage of our offer that has ap-peared in the Sentinel the last three issues? If you haven't, there is no time to lose, as you will note by re-ferring to page 398, it closes onŠwell, look up the offer. 