208 it IN-MIL, VOL. 9, No. 88. of the office of pope there is no thought of infallibility connected with the man who happens to become pope. As priest, or bishop, or archbishop, or cardinal, no vestige of it attaches to him in the mind of anybody. Yet it was by a vote of 363, against two, bishops, archbishops, and car-dinals, that the doctrine was established that infallibility does attach to him when he happens to become pope. This, too, while not one of the 363 made any kind of claim of infallibility on his own part! In this, therefore, we are treated to the ab-surd suggestion that 363 elements oPabso-lute fallibility could infallibly settle the doctrine that infallibility is connected with one of their own absolutely fallible selves when he happens to be made pope! ŠNo, this is not quite the full statement of the case yet; for when the 363 had voted it, it was not infallibly fixed until the pope had ex cathedra praclaimed it. That is to say, the 363 fallibles voted it infalli-bly so, then he of whom, till this, it was not infallibly so, proclaimed it infallibly so, and thus it became infallibly so. In other words, 363 fallibles voted his infal-libility when lie speaks ex cathedra; but this could not be infallibly certain till he himself had infallibly proclaimed it; and he could not infallibly proclaim it until it was infallibly so! Like produced totally unlike. Out of nothing SOMETHING CAME! AGAIN: The pope must be chosen from among the cardinals, and this by the vote of the cardinals themselves. But not one of the cardinals makes any claim of any shadow of infallibility connected with himself. Yet these men, not one of whom has any shadow of it, elect one of them-selves pope and then, lo! lie has it! To-day, he is completely destitute of it, and to-morrow he is clothed with it: and all this because a number of per-sons as completely destitute of it as he was, put some ballots in a box which elected him pope! And so, on a second count, it is clear that "the infallibility of the pope" springs from the law of, like produces totally unlike; and, out of, noth-ing something comes. THIS is where the infallibility of the pope comes from. This is the source of the thing, in the abstract. Now let us inquire, How does it become so connected with him as to be available on demand ? That we may arrive at the point of this inquiry in the easiest way, let us trace the thing onward from the point which we have reached. Not only is it true ,that as a mere man, or as a priest, or a bishop, or an archbishop, or a cardinal, there is no shadow of infallibility attaching to him; but even more than this, when he, being a cardinal, is elected pope, not even yet is he infallible. And when, by his coronation, he is duly installed in the office of popeŠeven yet he is not infalli-ble. Not till all this has been passed through by him, and then, in addition, he as pope sits in "the chair of St. Peter," and from that particular phase of the office speaks as the head of the churchŠnot till then does any principle of infallibility attach to " the Roman Pontiff," according to the dogma of "the infallibility of the pope." Therefore, ,as infallibility does not attach to him except as he occupies that —particular phase of the office, as successor of St. Peter, it follows plainly enough that it comes to him from 'that seat. As in the seat he has it, and out of  the seat he does not have it, there is no other possible conclusion than that all the infallibility the pope ever has he gets from the seat which he occupies when he speaks, " ex cathedra, that is, from the chair of St. Peter." AGAIN: This is seen from the very lan-guage of the dogma of infallibility itself, and it is the inevitable logic of that lan-guage. The dogma declares that he is infallible, not by the divine assistance promised to him in himself, nor in him from those who elected him, but " by the divine assistance promised to him in blessed Peter." As it is promised to him only " in blessed Peter," there has to be some connection formed between him and " blessed Peter," or else he cannot have it. But how can this connection be formed ? Oh ! it is claimed that Peter occupied the seat of the bishopric of Rome, and that when the "Roman Pontiff " sits in that seat the necessary connection is formed between him and " blessed Peter," that makes infallibility available as occasion may require. Therefore it is the only logic of the dogma, that the pope gets his infallibility in its concrete form so that it is available, altogether from the seat which he occupies when he speaks, "ex cathe-dra, that is, from the chair of St. Peter." By this we would not insist that this seat must necessarily be the identical, literal chair in which papal " tradition " says that Peter literally sat. We are willing to allow that the pope may speak ex cathe-dra from another than that identical, lit-eral chair, and that such speech would be as much " infallible " as though spoken from that literal chair. But we do insist, and the dogma and the whble theory of papel " infallibility " demands it that as it is not in the man, nor in the ecclesiastic, nor in the election, nor in the office apart from that particular phase of it, it is inev-itably derived from that seat, whether it be the identical chair in which Peter is said to have sat, or any other, or none at all. LET no one say that in tracing the in-fallibility of the pope altogether to the seat which he occupies when he speaks " from the chair," we are carrying the thing too far, and taking an advantage merely for the sake of advantage, by a mere play upon word. This is not so. It is noth-ing else than the plain, sober, consequence of the words of the dogma; and of the cardinal's statement of the doctrine of the infallibility of the pope. It is not true of the doctrine of the infallibility of the pope, to say that it attaches to him by virtue of that office rather than by the seat which he occupies when he speaks ex ca-thedra, in the exercise of the office. For he may hold the office of pope and exer-cise the ordinary duties and prerogatives of that office as long as he lives, and yet no claim of infallibility attach to anything that lie ever does or says, or to him in the doing or saying of anything; because during the whole time of his occupying that office there may be no occasion for him to speak ex cathedra. For it is only when so speaking that it is claimed that infallibility attaches to him or to anything that he says. It is a fact that Leo XIII. has never yet spoken "ex cathedra," and therefore has never yet exercised the pre-rogative of infallibility. But he does hold the office of pope and has exercised all the duties of the office that occasion has de- mandedŠand all this without infallibility attaching to what he has said or done, or to him in the saying or doing of it. IT is therefore certain that the infalli-bility claimed for him does not come to him simply by virtue of his office as pope. The source of it is back of that yet. And as he may occupy that office and exercise all the duties of that office that occasion demands, to the end of his office and his life, without ever being called upon to speak " ex cathedra defining a doctrine regarding faith or morals to be held by the whole church; " as it is only when he so speaks that infallibility is claimed to attach to him or anything that he says; and as, so to speakŠto speak " ex cathe-dra"Šis in itself to speak " from the chair," from the seat, " of St. Peter," it follows plainly, soberly, and inevitably, without any play upon words, that all the infallibility that the " Roman Pontiff " ever can have, comes to him not by virtue of the office which he holds, but altogether from the seat which he occupies when he speaks " ex cathedra, that is, ' from the chair' of St. Peter; " defining " a doc-trine regarding faith or morals to be held by the whole church." IT is in the seat and not in the office at all. It is not connected with the office except as that particular prerogative of the office is exercised upon the particular question of faith or morals, and in that particular way, namely, " ex cathedra, that is ' from the chair' of St. Peter." THEREFORE the only conclusion that can ever be honestly or logically derived from the dogma of the infallibility of the pope is that all the infallibility that the pope has or ever can have, he gets solely from this conception of " ex cathedra." And as it is as plain as A, B, C, that no such thing as infallibility could ever possibly come from a sheer abstraction, it follows just as plainly that the only source of " the infallibility of the pope " is the " law " that, out of nothing something comes. THIS is the truth. Of course it is an absurd conception; but let not the people of these States or of the United States laugh at this absurd claim on the part of the pope until they are sure they are en-tirely clear of all such conception in their own practice, or in their own consent even. This phase of the subject, however, will be discussed next week. A Backslidden Baptist. THE International Religious Liberty As-sociation addressed a letter to the secular and religious papers of the country asking them to join in protest against the impris-onment of Mr. Capps, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist, for doing common farm labor on Sunday. It was expected that Baptists, above all others, would be most unani-mous in their protest; but we fear, from the returns which are coming in, that in this we are to be disappointed. The Ala-bama Baptist, of Aug. 9th, whose motto is, " Speaking the truth in love," replies as follows:Š Now, Baptist believer in liberty of conscience as we are, we cannot accept the invitation. We do not see persecution in 'the case. The people of Tennessee, like those of other States, by statute law recognized the Christian Sabbath as God's holy day, and they de- 