AUGUST 6, 1896. A.TVIDMIEEICAN S.EINFTILNIEULI 245 down and looked over the mail, but did no business. Mr. Hanna says he will have Sunday closing in New York, and proposes to enforce sabbath observ-ance in the campaign so far as it is in his power. It has been the custom of the Republican National Committee heretofore to work every day in the week. Mr. Hanna is evidently bent on taking his religion into his politics, and is giving an illustration of what " religion in politics" means. If all the rest of the politicians would now also take their religion into politics, each insisting that the campaign should be con-ducted in accordance with his particular relig-ions views, the phrase would be illustrated still further. It is evident that it is not syn-onymous with the idea of honesty and justice in politics. s. "POLITICS IN HEAVEN." THERE is abundant evidence just now of the presence of politics in the pulpit, but we deny the presence of any such thing in heaven, although we have the assertion of a Missouri clergyman to the contrary. The latter is the Rev. Mr. McAfee, a, professor in Park Col-lege, Parksville, Mo. Sunday evening, the 26th inst., the professor preached to the Christian Endeavor Society, in the Second Presbyterian Church of St. Louis, Mo., a sermon on " Christianity and the Political Situation," of which a press report said:Š In conclusion, the speaker urged that politics be brought nearer to heaven and to Christianity. He quoted the Apostle Paul as saying, " For our conver-sation is in heaven," and begged to be allowed to translate it, " For our politics is in heaven," holding that the silver question or any of the issues that di-vide the people into parties can best be decided in the light of Christian counsel. Of course, in trying to preach politics to their congregations from the Word of God, the clergy will have to be allowed considerable latitude of interpretation. But when people arrive at the conclusion that " our politics" Šor anybody's politicsŠis in heaven, .or that the currency question is an issue there, they have simply reached a degree of latitude which dispenses with the Word altogether. s. THE POWER TO OBEY. BY J. F. BALLENGER. " FOR we know that the law is spiritual." Rom. 7: 14. The reason we know that the law is spirit-ual is because it was spoken by a spiritual being. Says Jesus, " The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life." John 6:63. " And the Lord spoke unto you out of the midst of the fire: ye heard the voice of his words. . . . And he declared unto you his covenant which he commanded you to perform, even ten commandments; and he wrote them upon two tables of stone." Deut. 4:12, 13. We know that this is the law that Paul re-fers to in Romans 7: 14, which he calls spirit-ual; for in the seventh verse he refers to the tenth commandment and says: " I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet." Therefore the law of which one commandment says, " Thou shalt not covet," is a spiritual law. A carnal law could not come from a spiritual being. This spiritual law when received in the heart by faith in Christ brings to the receiver a spiritual life, or in the words of the apostle, he is a "partaker of the divine nature." This divine or spiritual nature is wrought in the individual by the Spirit of Christ. " The  spirit is life because of righteousness," that is, the Spirit of God writes the law of right-eousness in the heart, and as " the law is life," this puts the individual in possession of " the life of God" in the soul, and by this he becomes " the epistle of Christ," " known and read of all men. Any attempt on the part of any person to obtain a spiritual life without the Spirit of God is but to clothe himself with " filthy rags," and is a sin in the sight of God. "For whatsoever is not of faith is sin," that is, any effort on our part to obey a spiritual law without faith which brings the Spirit of God, is to reject the gospel of Christ which is the power of God to save men, and in which alone is the righteousness of God "revealed through faith." Then for any human power to try to compel obedience to a divine or spiritual law is to assume the power and prerogative of the Holy Ghost; and this is to put man in the place of God. It is the very " mystery of iniquity." Says one, " We agree with you that the civil government cannot enforce the spirit of the law, but may it not compel obedience to the letter of the divine law?" We answer, No. To compel obedience to any law would be to destroy the individual's power to disobey. Just as long as a man has power to do evil he can do it, and the governnient can-not hinder him. We know that men have the power to commit any crime in the calen-dar if they choose to do so and the civil rulers cannot help themselves. Are not crimes being committed every day, and why do not the civil rulers stop them if they have the power to do so ? To compel obedience to the law the govern-ment mast have the power to prevent men from violating it. But for civil rulers to pre-vent men from violating the law they must know beforehand that they are going to commit the deed; to do this they must be able to read every man's thoughts and know what they are premeditating, and even then they could not prevent the individual from violat-ing every duty that he owes to God. All they could do would be to confine the person whom they knew to be premeditating the crime and prevent him from trampling on the rights of others. But as it is impossible for civil rulers to know what a citizen is going to do, therefore it is impossible for them to compel him to obey. All that the govern-ment can do is to punish the person who vio-lates the law; but this cannot reform the criminal; he may choose to harden his heart on account of the punishment and meditate revenge, or he may choose to reform his life and become a better man; but the reforma-tion depends wholly upon his own choice and not upon the power of the govern-ment. This fact is plainly shown in Paul's reason-ing upon the duties of the civil ruler and the citizen in Romans 13. In verses 3 and 4 he says: " Wilt thou, then, not be afraid of the power? Do that which is good. . . . But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid." Here we see that the individual is left to choose to fear the rulers and do good and have praise of the same, or he can choose to do evil and suffer the penalty; but in either case it is left to his own choice. If he chooses to do evil, all that the minister of vengeance can do is to "execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." Bat for the government to execute wrath upon the sinner will never " take away the stony heart" out of his flesh and give him " a heart of flesh," nor cause him to be " born of water and of the spirit," nor make him " walk after the spirit and not after the  flesh." Neither will the execution of the penalty upon the criminal cause him to "love God with all his heart " or to " worship him in spirit and in truth," nor " love his neigh-bor as himself;" and where these conditions do not exist there is no reformation of life. It is true that man may be intimidated, or afraid to commit crimes for fear of the " avenger of wrath," or for fear of the pains and penalties that will be inflicted upon him if he invades the rights of another. And this is all the power any civil government ever had or ever can have to prevent crime. They can compel obedience only by, intimidation in exe-cuting the penalty. Take away entirely the fear of punishment from the minds of the people, and whose life, property or reputation would be safe? Not any. Nothing but the power of God in the gospel which is the love of God in the gift of his Son, and the ex-ercise of faith which brings the spirit with-out the works of the law, can produce a reformation in the life and character of the individual. How foolish then to talk about " putting God in the Constitution" and " Christian citizenship by civil law" and " Christ enter-ing civil law through the gateway of politics." How such " propositions," " resolutions" and " bills " must sound in the ears of the heav-enly beings! Methinks the angels must weep over such manifest departure from the divine plan to save men. RELIGIOUS DECLINEŠITS CAUSE AND CURE. BY H. F. KETRING. "HE who does not keep the Sabbath, does not worship God ; and he who does not wor-ship God is lost." Never were words uttered by fallible man, containing more truth than those just quoted from a lecture delivered by W. W. Everts of Chicago, in a Sunday con-vention held at Elgin, 111. It is the negative way of saying, He who keeps the Sabbath, worships God; and he who worships God is saved. This has most logically led to the conclusion that a revival of true Sabbath-keeping means a revival of true worship. This conclusion will be denied by no one who believes the Bible: for to obey the fourth commandment by continually remembering the Sabbath, that when it comes we may keep it holy, ever keeps the mind upon God and his law, which enables man to keep his law; for "with the mind, I myself serve the law of God." Rom. 7:25. Many modern religionists, having arrived at the conclusion that in promoting .Sabbath observance, we promote religious worship, have adopted and act upon the old papal principle that the end justifies the means, and think that after admonition and advice have failed to secure the desired end, force can be resorted to. In such a course they ignore the teachings of the One who " spake as never man spake," who said, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." Since the Bible does not authorize the ob-servance of Sunday, much less the enforce-ment of it by law, but like the Constitution of the United States, absolutely forbids all re-ligious legislation, those who formerly were as zealous for the enforced " religious Sunday," for man's salvation, are now clamoring for the enforced "civil Sunday," for the preservation of " peace and order." The result of such a course can be readily seen. When mere physical rest and idleness are enjoined upon the people by the State, and 