THE SENTINEL 459 Will such books be allowed to remain? Clearly not; it follows, therefore, that the greater part of the his-tory of EuropeŠfrom the fourth to almost the nine-teenth centuryŠwould be excluded, or at least so colored and falsified as to be utterly misleading. Even the writings of the apostle John himself, after whom this society is named, could scarcely escape. Here are quotations from books that he wrote : "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world but to save the world." "He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword." These and many other great truths equally plain contained in the books of which John was the writer, would be sufficient, we fear, to place them among "books of an anti-Catholic character." It is chiefly to books that we must go to learn of the direful and woful results in all a'es of the efforts of civil and ecclesiastical powers to crush all opinion declared "anti" by them. With such books our li-braries abound, and they will be left incomplete indeed if this policy is carried out. If Catholics may exclude from the libraries and schools what they deem inimical to the interests of the church, why may not other re-ligionists and classes of people do the same with refer-ence to books that they consider against their inter-ests ? It is plainly evident that if this policy were to begin libraries would no longer be entitled to the name and would soon become a thing of the past. Books would again become as scarce and as difficult of access for the people as they were when the Waldensian and Vandois was obliged to carry his precious manu-scripts to the people concealed in the peddler's pack, and when Luther during the hours of the night' pored over the Bible chained to the convent walls of Erfurt. The public libraries and public schools are for the whole people, not for one class of people. They exist not to antagonize any class or any religion, and they must not be made to favor any class or any religion. Were it not that special religious interests have and are being given in this country almost anything they demand, we could not take seriously this proposed action of the Knights of St. John; for we are utterly unable to understand how anyone who has intelligence enough to advocate anything and who has the slight-est conception of what public schools and libraries are for, should expect them to be conducted with especial and exclusive consideration for him and his religion ; for that is what this demand amounts to. He who cares but for the truth and hopes that right alone shall prevail, will not resort to such weak and questionable measures. He will rest assured that books that are unjust will prove to every candid mind their unfairness ; and he will not fear those books in which are faithfully recorded the facts of history.  Some of thoselacts may be against him, or the body to which he belongs. Hemill prize them the more high-ly for that very reason, because they will be his great-est aids and surest guides in making it impossible fOr any such facts ever again to be registered against him. Let there be no return to, the methods of the Dark Ages in dealing with opponents in the field of dis-cussion. Let us not maintain ourselves and our opin-ions by shutting from men the facts and informa-tion to which they are entitled and must have in form-ing correct opinions, nor by crushing opinions which have not been formed in accordance with our own. Let us be more anxious to _see and know that we our-_ selves are right, than to suppress those whom we deem to be wrong. JOHN D. BRADLEY. World-Storm Brewing. (The Chicago Daily News, July 17, While the fall of Tientsin and the report that the legations at Peking are still alive have lightened the gloom of the Chinese situation temporarily, there are other considerations in the background that are weighty and fraught possibly with grave peril. The spectacle of Europe, America and Japan arrayed to-gether in the orient on the side of advanced civiliza-tion is in itself inspiring. Nothing like it has been seen in all the history of the world. The nearest ap-proach to the present situation is to be found in the crusades, when the knights and paladins of Europe led western nations against the infidels of the east in an attempt to gain possession of the holy sepulchre. But granting that the allies, as they are somewhat loosely called, capture Peking, what then? It is prob-able that this would be only the beginning of a greater struggle whose storm area may involve the entire world. It has been no secret for several years that the European powers have planned the partition of China. By one of the uncalculated chances that partition is no longer possible on the old basis. At that time America had not yet been drawn into even the outer edge of the slowly revolving forces which have now caught up practically all the nations of the world in their mighty grasp. America even yet stands for a different principle and policy in China from that of the powers. While Russia, England, Germany and France and possibly other European nations, together with Japan, have accustomed themselves to view as a matter of business and as inevitable the partition of China, America, already with all the territory it wants, stands for Chinese integrity and the fulfillment of present treaty rights as being of greatest advantage and benefit to her. It requires little knowledge of diplomacy to see that even were a new congress of nations called to consider the question of Chinese par- 