AMERICAN SENTINEL. 249 sons are. It cannot be held accountable for anything, apart from its agents and representatives. It cannot be seized and put in confinement, as every person is when he is to be punished for crime. APART from the people, civil government has no exist-ence at all. Any dealings with civil government, there-fore,Šany punishment of it, or satisfaction exacted from itŠmust simply affect the people; and whatever affects the people must affect them as individuals, for they are individuals, and nothing more. The people are what the Creator made them, and they were created as indi-viduals. * THE idea that a government is a person, in any other than a figurative sense, is ridiculous; and in the doctrine that it is a moral person, amenable to the divine law, it is presented in the most ridiculous light. A civil govern-ment cannot believe on Christ and be baptized; and there_ fore its salvation is impossible. There will be in heaven no United States of America or empire of Great Britain. There will be no political divisions at all. There will be no politics. There will be only the host of heaven and the host of the redeemedŠredeemed as individuals and saved because they made the doing of God's will on earth an individual matter. ONE of the heavy fighting ships of the United States Navy is named the "Puritan," and considering the well-known character of the Puritans, this name may not be inappropriate. But no one has yet ventured to suggest the name "Christian" for a ship of war, although accord-ing to the statements put forth by religious speakers and writers, such a name would be perfectly appropriate. If this name, displayed in large letters upen the hull of a ship engaged in pouring death and destruction upon another ship filled with human beings, is not entirely ap-propriate, will some of the religious speakers and writers who advocate war please tell us why. * * A PROTESTANT Episcopal bishop of Maryland, Bishop Paret, has given the clergymen of his diocese some sensi-ble advice on the subject of discussing political and "pa-triotic" issues in their pulpits. It is well that there are still some clergymen of influence left in the country who understand and are not afraid to say that the proper business of a Christian minister is to preach the gospel. He says:Š "God having brought us to times of unc,  rtainty, trouble, and danger, he calls our nation and its authori-ties to use all possible patience and wisdom. And as helping to that, I expect that you keep your sermons free from all questions of war or of national politics, and from unnecessary professions of patriotism. True patri-otism does not need to be boastful. Important as these  things are, they have no place in the pulpit. Our Saviour and his apostles first are our best models for preaching the gospel. There were questions of deepest national im-portance then pressing upon the minds of the people, but they did not make them themes for preaching. They had something still higher to speak ofŠthe spiritual truths of the gospel, and its great moral principles and duties. These prevailing would bring peace and truth as their results. . . . Keep Spain and points of national policy out of your sermons. Ask God's blessings on those who now have the great responsibility. Use at every morn_ ing and evening prayer the appointed prayer `For the President and for all others in authority,' and at every litany service and at all other services the prayer for Congress." THE Rev. J. M. Henderson, who assumes to speak for the African M. E. Church in America, is quoted as saying that the church is ready to fight in case of war with Spain, and that it could raise 150,000 men. Also that the ministers of the church, of which there are about 5,000, have been instructed by their; bishops to do every-thing in their power to rouse the patriotism of the mem-bers of their congregations. In this the African M. E. Church is only following the example set by some other Methodist bodies in this country. * * * MORMONS of Rockbridge County, Va., have applied to the governor of the State for protection'from the non-Mormon residents of the vicinity, who have become much incensed over the preaching of Mormon doctrine among them, and have threatened to tar and feather the Mor-mon band if the latter did not leave the country. It is a mistake when anything is done which is calculated to create sympathy for Mormon missionary work. The only way to overcome evil, is to oppose it with good. * * A NATIONAL REFORM organ in Pennsylvania mentions that some large manufacturing establishments in Pitts-burg are operating their mills seven days in the week, compelling the operatives to do work on Sunday as on other days. And in discussing the obstacles which lie in the way of securing Sunday closing of these mills, it men-tions that "many of them [the proprietors] are members of our large strong orthodox congregations." This only adds another testimony to many that have been given showing that church people themselves are largely re-sponsible for the prevailing desecration of Sunday. And this being so, would it not be consistent for the church to set herself in order before calling on the state to provide a remedy for Sunday desecration? * * * THE Defender, organ of the N. E. Sabbath Protective League, announces the "cheering news" that the Sunday bill for the District of. Columbia has been approved by the District Commissioners. "This," it says, "means 