560 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, SEPTEMBER 6, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. ANARCHY is against government; and as the ob-ieet of goverrirnent-is ,to4preserve.,that liberty of the people whiO'''is 'their unalienable riglit;it follows that anarchy and liberty are opposites. Anarchy-is not a form of liberty, but the worst form of des-potism. .4 0 THE United States is now figuring in 'the " con-certs " of the Old World Powers, having joined with Russia in opposing the policy of others of the Powers in the matter of treating with the Chinese govezament tliobugh Li Hung Chang. 0 .4 SENATOR DAVIS,ill aspeech made a feW days ago in Chicago, said this country would insist that the "open door" in China shall remain open ".under: any and all conditions of sovereignty, cession or foreign ascendency." This nation will have to plant its foot firmly, in the Chinese doorway if that is done. .4 0 Ho Yow, Chinese consul-general at San Fran-cisco, said in a recent ,address delivered there that he feared the spreacLof —Christianity in China, be-cause his countrymen, being,quick to- learn, "will be . able to manufacture guns and all the engines of warfare," and 'precipitate a terrible conflict., Ho Yow, like, many people in this, country, fails to dis-, tinguish between Christianity and civilization. 4 t A FORCIBLE illustration is at present before' the country of the affinity that seems to exist between politics and insincerity. One of the two leading parties is posing before the country as the cham-pions of government by Consent of the governed, declaring this to be the 'most important issue before the pedple. They haVe niuch to say about the in- justice done to the Filipinos and others by foreign conquest. Yet in the South, where this party is in the ascendency, some of these same men and'others who are adherents of this party are boldly denying the privilege of self-government to people already recognized as American citizens by the Constitution. Itis not to such'sources of hypocrisy that the coun-try  may look for deliverance from impending perils. .4 .0 THE Anierican Bar .Association held its twenty--third annual meeting at Saratoga Springs,- N. Y., last week. In his opening address President Charle F. Manderson " spoke of the failure of the -pe.ace congress at the Hague. The promise of that con-ference","heVaid had-proved;-utterlx futile. Within the present year Fran ;e 'had increased her army 3,000 men, Germany 33,090, Austria-Hungary io,000 -and Great Britain 240,000." "War is in the air," said Mr. Manderson. " Africa and Asia are wit-nesses of bloody conflicts, and Europe, trembling with anxiety, fears that her domestic peace may be diSturbed and Moloch reign." WANTED Agents to solicit snbscriptions to THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. We offer special ilthhtcemeits during. the next few-weeks. Address:the publishers for further inforination if you will devote a portion of, your time to soliciting. But please do not take our time unless you are in earnest. We desire energetic_ workers and not curious inquirers. International Religious Liberty Association, 324 Dearborn St., Chicago. EXAMINE THE LABEL. THE yellow label on your paper indicates the date on which yOur subscription expires. Please examine it closely, and if it reads. 5,319 you should forward ybur renewal without delay in order to avoid the loss-of any papers. Please also bear in mind that even though your -subscription may not expire until October or No-vember it will be safe to renew your subscription now, and by so doing secure our map of Asia at once. We send it post-free to old subscribers who ad-vance their subscription one year by the payment of one dollar. See description of map elsewhere, and if you desire it, act immediately on this sug-crestion. 