108 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. An Appeal to a Congressman. UNDER the above heading the Rev. H. B. Maurer, a Baptist pastor in this State, has written a pointed communication, from which we make the following extract :Š Respected Sir :Š As a Baptist, I have additional reasons to those that I am a Republican and one of your constituents, for asking you to use your influence to prevent the passage of the Breckinridge bill, now pending at Washington. By arts, unworthy of religious men, that bill is made to appear non-religious, and there-fore constitutional; and before proving that it is neither, pray let me remind you that from religious legislation we Baptists, as history shows, have in times past been the greatest sufferers; that the union of Church and State having proved a curse to Europe, our ancestors wisely formed a national Constitution on the principle of rendering to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's. . . As for the "civil Sabbath," there can be no such thing. Sabbath observance is a duty we owe to God and not to man; it is a subjective matter entirely; while things civil have to do only with the State, and our relations man to man. In God's law it finds a place where the duties to-ward him are defined, and in no other relation can it be placed, while things which we call civil are in that part of the law where man's relations to man, society, and the State, are defined. The laws of our land rightly may have to do with stealing, adultery, murder, false witness, etc., as these are civil matters, but I deny, sir, that they can have anything to do with idolatry, blasphemy, or Sabbath observ-ance, as these are not civil matters, and have to do only with the relations between man and his Maker. As for the sanitary Sabbath, another piece of sophism to secure religious legisla-tion, I deny the right of the law of the land to define how much, or just when, a man shall rest. I deny that it should say I shall and must rest one day in seven be-cause it is good for me, as I would deny its right to say that I must bathe once a day, or once in every seven days; or that I should refrain from eating pork, or mixing pickles with my ice-cream, because thus to bathe or thus to refrain is good for me. I prefer. to receive such instruction from my physician and not from Congress nor the American Sabbath Union. Sabbath observance can and must be secured through education and persuasion only, and not by coercion. The gospel persuades men to reverence sacred things from, motives of love, and not to compel them by force; therefore,  to do by law what ought to be done by the gospel is anti-Christian. Let the church members and ministers refuse to patronize Sunday cars and Sunday newspapers if they believe  that day sacred; let the former in their homes, and the latter from their pulpits, educate the people to reverence what they believe sacred, but let these ministers not be allowed to put upon Congress and the courts the work for which they are paid. Their position is practically saying, " We are a failure, we cannot do what we are commissioned to do; help us to earn our salaries." Such work belongs to the churches, and to them only, and it would be taking a long step backward if more laws were added to the iniquitous laws now found among our State statutes, which have never helped the Sabbath anywhere; for what Sabbath observance there is re-sults not from civil statutes but from re-ligious training. Now, sir, the question may arise why I, a resident of New York, should be so op-posed to a proposed law affecting the Dis-trict of Columbia only. Simply because I see in this, another scheme to secure more extended legislation. It is like the camel which got his nose first into the tent. Let this bill pass, and Congress wilt have established a precedent ; and as surely as day follows night, a national bill will follow, and it will be the Blair bill, already awaiting its turn. Why Can They Not See It? WE here present an extract from the speech of Mr. J. 0. Corliss, made at the late hearing before the Committee on Dis-trict of Columbia, on the Breckinridge Sunday-bill. It contains good points :Š This bill, instead of having a civil char-acter, is a purely religious document, as you will notice by an examination of it. A civil bill can make provision for only civil matters; but this one enjoins the ob-servance of a day, the non-observance of which is no incivility to any one. Sunday observance originated in religious worship, and has ever been regarded as a purely re-ligious rite. Civil offenses are those which invade the rights of property or person; but if one labors on Sunday, he invades the rights of no human being. He robs no one of any property or of a single personal right. His neighbor may observe the day if he chooses, just the same as if the other man were doing so. It is not the day on which the act is per-formed which makes it civil or uncivil. It is just as wrong to strike a man in the face on Monday, as to do it on Sunday. It is just as wrong to drink whisky on Mon-day, as to drink it on Sunday. If it were true that the day itself could constitute an act a civil offense, then it might be argued that labor on Sunday is a civil offense. But just as soon as the position is assumed,  that labor is a civil offense (no matter on what day it is performed), then labor is made a crime. Therefore, by the terms of this bill, honest labor becomes a crime, for it expressly forbids any one to perform honest labor. It may be said that labor becomes a crime by being performed on Sunday. But if labor is a crime when done on one day of the week, it is a crime on every day of the week, since it is not the day on which a deed is done that constitutes a crime, but the deed itself must be the crime (if crime it is) on whatever day it is performed. So then, if the courts of the country recog-nize the principle that labor done on one day is a crime, when on all other days of the week the same labor would be lawful, then they really legalize crime on every day of the week except that one. This shows the falsity of the claim that this bill is a civil one. But it may be said that it is the disturb-ance to others, by the performance of Sun-day labor, that constitutes it a crime. But why should Sunday labor disturb another any more than that which is done on any other day of the week ? Manifestly, only because it is thought to be religiously wrong. In other words, such disturbance can only be of a mental character. For instance, when I go out into my garden and quietly work, or even go out on the street and work on Sunday, I have taken nothing from any man. I do not deprive him of his right to keep the day. Then wherein is the disturbance ? Certainly not in the deprivation of rights. It must then only be a mental disturbance. Upon this point, allow me to cite the decision of Judge Walton, of Lewiston, Maine, in a case where a man was prosecuted for drawing cordwood through the streets on Sunday. In his charge to the jury the Judge said that his impression was that the complaint could not be maintained, for the defendant had quietly and in an unob-trusive manner hauled his wood, without coming into the immediate neighborhood of a meeting. The prosecuting attorney suggested that it might have been where people were returning home from church. But the Judge decided that that would be but a mental operation, a matter of the mind, of conscience, because they thought it wrong, that it did not look right. "For my part," he says, "I do not see why any one driving quietly along with his load on one day of the week should cause any more disturbance than on any other day of the week. It only disturbs people be they think it wrong." And this is the basis of all Sunday legislation; People think Sunday work to be wrong, and are therefore disturbed because some one else does not believe just the same as they do in the matter. But if mental disturbance constitutes a civil offense, then the preaching of opinions diverse from those of the majority of peo-ple is also a civil offense, and is indictable in the courts of the country; for, as you have seen to-day by the personalities in-dulged in, there are men who are more or less disturbed by such work. It is thus easy to see that such reasoning would quickly deprive the minority of all their 