744 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ment, by inventory, and Aguinaldo and those who shared with him the leadership of this successful rebel-lion retired to Hong Kong with a letter of credit for $400,000 from the Spanish Philippine bank. The pay-ment of that sum was the only part of the stipulated concession that the Spanish government has paid, or has shown any intention of paying. It is not wholly aside from our present argument to refer to the reasons alleged for the expulsion of the mo-nastic orders from the islands. According to the mu-tually corroborative testimony of a multitude of wit-nessesŠSpanish, Philippine, Belgian, English, American, Protestant, and CatholicŠthe tyranny of these corpo-rations has been shocking and intolerable. It would require a volume to contain the details of it. Let any man consult Senate Document No. 62, 55th Congress, 3rd Session,especially at pages 320-328, 374-378, 406, 445-463, 556, 574, 589-590, 603. If the friars in the Philippines are not guilty of shamelessly corrupt living and of atrocious and inhu-man tyranny, then the -United States Senate has joined with officials of other countries, including leading states-men of Spain, and with distinguished travelers both Catholic and Protestant, in giving currency to the most injurious and outrageous calumnies ever inflicted on innocent men. The alleged tyranny has been exercised by these corporations, not by any civil authority or ju-risdiction, but by virtue of their alleged ownership of the soil and of whatever grows from it or is built on it. Over whole provinces, the habitable and cultivable lands, with the farm houses, sugar-mills, and villages standing on them, are claimed and held as the property of corporations' of aliens having their headquarters at Rome. Thus the despotism wielded by the friars is ab-solute; in the nature of the case it must continue to be so, as long as the ownership is maintained; it is tanta-mount to slavery from which the victim can escape only by banishment from home and livelihood. Against less intolerable abuses of a like sort every country in Europe has revolted, in one way or another, extinguishing the great mortmain tenures in the hands of monastic fraternities, as being irreconcilable with the public welfare. It is against this tyranny, with aggra-vations such as Europe never knew, that the Philippine people took up arms, and laid them down on the solemn pledge of Spain that the abuse should be abated. And now comes in the great American Republic, with loud promises of civil and religious liberty, and buys for cash the vicious title of Spain, with a distinct stipula-tion that the most oppressive of all the Spanish abuses, which Spain had promised to abate, shall be upheld and maintained forever by the arms of America (See Arti-cle VIII. of the Treaty of Paris). Archbishop Chappelle has started for the islands with a commission from the pope and much advice from the President, to attend to "the settlement of questions of church property." He "has come out for the permanent  retention of the Philippines. He is in favor of expan-sion unqualifiedly." The archbishop "will soon become a powerful ally of the Government." Nothing could be more natural. The Government of the United States has already become the powerful ally of the archbishopŁ and of the papal see, and of the Augustinian and other orders, and will co operate with -these orders in main-taining unimpaired their rights of ownership, which in-volve the total suppression of civil and religious liberty throughout their immense domains. The limits of this article have not permitted me to add verifying references from point to point, as I would gladly have done. Let me refer to Senate Doc. 62, above mentioned, passim; corroborative references might be furnished in abundance. "Not in Politics." ROMAN Catholics tell us again and again that the church is not in politics, but all the same the editor of the Catholic Mirror, in its issue of October 14, tells the Roman Catholic people that "the proposition is a busi-ness one, pure and simple. You need a Catholic paper for your own information and that of your family; to supply you with news of church and society happenings in which you or yours are interested; to give you tidings which you as a Catholic desire to know of affairs and conditions of the church in foreign parts; to keep you posted with regard to matters of doctrine which may be the subject of general public discussion; and to be in-formed from a Catholic standpoint at times, from an ethical standpoint always, of what position it is right and just for you to assume on questions of vital public interest and otherwise, which from time to time demand your decision. You- need a Catholic paper for these reasons." This tells the story. The Roman Church has not changed; she is yet in politics; and, sad to say, the Protestant churches are Ł,following suit. ŠSigns of the Times. For Conscience' Sake. A BLIND young man was recently expelled from the Blind Asylum in Hobart, Tasmania, because he desired to observe the Sabbath according to the command-ment, which says, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy G;od." Sectarianism has always been a cruel thing, and it does not seem to get any more Christ-like as the ages go by. Human religion nailed Christ to the cross, and kindled fires for the martyrs; God's reli-gion makes the sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain alike on the just and on the unjust.ŠBible Echo. 