THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Question, the Indian Question, the Sabbath (Sunday) Question, the Proposed Christian Amendment, Marriage and Divorce, and the Press as Related to Christian Civilization, all  of which they are wont to include in the phrase, " The Christian Principles of Civil Government." With a peculiar zest and an apparently un-boundcd confidence, they quote their watch-word, " The world for the world's Redeemer," just as though the whole world, now so full of iniquity, were to be converted fully to Christ through the principles which they ad-vocate. Really, they seem to be able to per-ceive few but good omens for the future; and they are laying more extensive plans for en-larging their work. In the words of the re-port presented by the Executive Committee: "There are some clouds in the air, but the sky is full of stars, and above all sits the reign-ing Lord. Let us with accumulated faith plan the work for the coming year." And again: "The field is white to the harvest, and the laborers are anxious to enter in. It is the hour of the world's need. Thoughtful men are everywhere forecasting the future with anxious fears. . . . The kingdoms of the earth will not know peace until they find it under the scepter of him who is the Prince of peace. The principles of this asso-ciation are world-wide in their application." The sentiment of the South in regard to this movement was represented as being very favorable, although the fact has been but little known until recently; and they think that this will form the link of union between the two sections of the country. Mr. Alexander, the first vice-president of the National Reform Association, and the presiding officer of this convention, represented a Baptist minister of Atlanta, Georgia, as answering his expression of astonishment at there being no necessity for the discussion of these questions there, by saying, "'My dear sir, these are the principles that I have been preaching for twenty years." Mr. Alexander continued : "There is no par-ticular opposition with them; . . . and I am confident, brethren, from what I have seen in the South, that we shall have less controversy upon these great subjects, much less discussion, in the South than in the North." On Wednesday afternoon of the convention, after an address on "The Kingly Office of Christ," by W. R. Terrett, of Saratoga Springs, and another on "American Politics and Christianity," by W. M. Grier, of South Carolina, 0. P. Fitzgerald, of Tennessee, speak-ing of the two addresses, said: "The two sec-tions have met and kissed each other. They have clasped hands upon the platform of the Bible. I hereby announce the bans. And we are hereby going to stand on this platform of Christian citizenship,Šand stand together, and pray together, and fight this battle to-gether, and vote together, and preserve the institutions of Christian civilization as long as the winter snows lie white on your North-ern hills, or the mellow breezes of the tropics stir the magnolia blooms of the South." The same sPeaker, in his address on "The Nation as a Sabbath Breaker," said: "I think the  South will lead in this reform. It would be a shame to the South if it did not." On the subject of Sunday legislation, these leaders are simply uncompromising in their statements. The idea of exempting dissent-ers from the penalties of the law is to them simply ridiculous, and entirely out of the question. One speaker, after referring to the fact that some conscientiously observed the seventh day of the week, asked, "Shall the State governments and the general Govern-ment modify these laws to satisfy the con-sciences of individuals, however honest or earnest they may be?" And answered in these words, " Why, it would be considered the supremest folly, and criminality as well." Ile illustrated by reference to the Quakers, saying that they could not be exempted from paying taxes for the support of the War De-partment, simply because they do not believe in war. Another person, referring to the same subject, said that observers of the seventh day ought to consider it a great blessing that they could have two days in the week in which to rest, and to worship God. There is only one consistent explanation of this state-ment, and that is that such ought to consider it a great favor on the part of the Government to grant them the privilege of resting on the seventh day of the week. Otherwise the Na-tional Reformers ought to advocate the observ-ance of two consecutive days in the week in-stead of only one for all Christian people. In this connection it should be borne in mind that these are the expressions of representa-tive National Reformers, and to an audience of sympathizing representative listeners. A casual notice is sufficient to discover that one of the main objects is to enlist in their ranks all the talent and influence which can be secured for advancement of their cause. This was made strikingly apparent by the way in which they increased their already Łlong list of vice-presidents. The motion was made and supported that all those citizens of Philadelphia whose names were attached to the call for the convention, should be made vice-presidents of the association, when, with-out discussion, it was put and unanimously carried. By this simple act, and without the consent of the persons concerned, seventy-eight new officers were elected. One cannot but be impressed, too, by the titles of, dignity and honor showered upon those who came upon the platform; impressed, too, by the contrast between this spirit and the spirit manifested by the meek and lowly Jesus; and this of itself, in my mind, is sufficient to show that the Spirit of God is not leading them in their work. Their desire is for the praise of men, and surely they have their reward. Their introductions, I imagine, are not such as the apostle Paul would have given of Barnabas, or Barnabas of Paul. Notwithstanding all this, one can hardly breathe in the atmosphere of only a few days' convention without feeling that this movement will finally succeedŠnot, surely, in the achievement of their object of bringing the Nation to Christ, but in plung-ing it into the evils of a religious 'despotism. JOSEPH H. HAUGHEY. Another "Open Letter." IT will be remembered that in the February SENTINEL we replied to an " open letter" to us from Rev. W. T. McConnell, of Youngstown, Ohio. In the Christian Nation, of February 29, Mr. McConnell wrote to us another open letter, which we have not till now had the opportunity to notice. As in his first " open letter" he started out with the stock argument of the National ReformersŠthat of classing with infidels, atheists, liquor leagues, liberal leagues, etc., etc., every opponent, whoever he may be or whatever may be the grounds of his oppositionŠso in this "open letter" the first thing he does is to enter upon a long defense of it. But he need not have done that at all; we did not mention it with the object of having it enter as an element into the con-troversy between us and the National Reform. ers.. As Mr. McConnell was a new champion in the lists, we simply called his attention to this point to see whether we might not be able to get from him some sort of an argument upon the merits of the controversy between us. But our effort was in vain. Mr. McCon- nell proves to be as destitute of argument on the merits of the controversy as are all the rest of the National Reformers. From the beginning we have invited the Na-tional Reformers, both as individuals and by their organs, to show wherein our opposition to the National Reform movement is not based upon sound principles. We have asked them repeatedly to show wherein our arguments against it are faulty, or wherein our conclusions are illogical. We have offered them our own columns in which to show this. But with a single exceptionŠRev. Robert White, of SteubenvilleŠthe principal, the first, the leading reply, has always been to call us names and to class us with all the elements of wickedness that they can think of. But we do not care for that. We know that" it is only in the absence of argument that recourse is had to ridicule; and that the chair of the scoffer is never filled until that of the logician is vacated." Therefore, as the National Re-formers are destitute of arguments against us, we couldn't have the heart to deprive them of their only recourseŠthat of calling us names. We are not what they call us; and we know that their calling us bad names does not make us what they call us. In his first " open letter" it will be remem-bered that Mr. McConnell likened the Na-tional Reform movement to an express train which is fairly to knock into finders every-body who does not get off the track. In re-ply we freely confessed that " the National Reform movement is nothing but a Satanic car of Juggernaut that proposes relentlessly to crush every person who chooses to think for himself." This sets Mr. McConnell's im-agination all aglow, and he says :Š " Now, neighbor, let us step one side and take a look at this `Satanic car.' . . . There is the venerable Mr. Brunot holding the lines [yes, he is], 'while Doctors Stevenson, Barr, and McAllister urge on the high-spirited district secretaries, who are straining every nerve to increase its speed [yes, they are]. Then notice 