January 30, 1889. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 13 rope; where the civil Government protects and supports the church, but at the expense of her dignity and independence, and deprives her of the power of self-government. The Erastian system was based on the assump-tion _ that all citizens are also Christians of one creed, but is abnormal in the mixed character of Government and people in the modern State. In America, the State has no right whatever to interfere with the affairs of the -Church, her doctrine, discipline, and wor-ship, and the appointment of ministers. It would be a great calamity if religion were to become subject to our ever-changing politics. 4. The American system differs from the System of toleration, which began in Ger-many with the Westphalia Treaty, 1648; in England with the Act of Toleration, 1689, and which now prevails over nearly all Europe ; of. late years, nominally at least, even in Roman Catholic countries, to the very - gates, of the Vatican, in spite of the protest of the Pope. Toleration exists where the Gov-ernment supports one or more churches, and permits other religious communities, under the name of sects (as on the continent), or dissenters and nonconformist (as in England), under certain- conditions. In America there are no such distinctions, but only churches or denominations on a footing of perfect equality before the law. To talk about any peculiar denomination as the church, or the American church, has no meaning, and be7. -- trays ignorance or conceit. Such exclusive-ness is natural and logical in ROmanism, but unnatural, illogical, and contemptible in any other church. The American laws know no such-institution as "the church," but only separate and independent organizations. Toleration is, an important step from State-, churchism to free-churchism. But it is only a.step. There is a very great difference be-tween tolerance and liberty. Toleration is a concession, :which may be withdrawn ; it im-plies a preference for the ruling form of faith and worship, and a practical disapproval of all other forms. It may be coupled with many restrictions and disabilities. We toler-ate what 'we dislike, but cannot alter; we tol-erate even a nuisance if we ,must. Acts of toleration are wrung from a Government by the force of circumstances and the power of a minority too influential to be disregarded. In this way even the most despotic Govern-ments, as those of Turkey and of Russia, are tolerant; the one toward Christians and Jews, the other toward Mohammedans and dissent-ers from the orthodox Greek Church; but both deny the right of self-extension and mis-sionary operations except in favor of the - State religion, and both forbid and punish apostasy from it. Prince Gortschakoff, the late chancellor'of the Russian Empire, before - an international deputation of the Evangelical Alliance, pleading for religious freedom in be-' half Of the persecuted Lutherans of the Baltic provinces in 1871, boldly declared, within my hearing, that Russia was the most toler-ant country in the world, and pointed in prod to half a dozen churches of different denominations in the principal street of St. Petersburg, but protested at the same time against what he called propagandism. The great Russian statesman did not, or would not, understand the vast difference between toleraion and liberty. The English Lord Stanhope, in a speech in the House of Lords in 1827, on the Bill for the Repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts, said: " The time was, when toleration was craved by dissent-ers as a boon; it is now demanded as a right; but a time will come when it will be spurned as an insult." In our country we ask no toleration for re-ligion and its free exercise, but we claim it as an inalienable right. " It is not toleration," says Judge Cooley,, " which is established in our system, but religious equality." Free-dom of religion is one of the greatest gifts of God to man, without distinction of race or color. He is the Author and Lord of con-science, and no power on earth has a right to stand between God and the conscience. A violation of this divine law written in the heart is an assault upon the majesty of God and the image of God in man. Granting the freedom of conscience, we must, by logical necessity, also grant the freedom of its mani-festation and exercise in public worship. To concede the first and to deny the second, after the manner of despotic Governments, is to im-prison the conscience. To be just, the State must either support all or none of the relig-ions of its citizens. Our Government sup-ports none, but protects all.ŠDoctor Schaff Make a Note of This. AT the session of the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor, held in Philadelphia, November 16, Rev. W. F. Crafts delivered a speech on " Sunday Work from an Humani-tarian Standpoint," which the Journal of United Labor calls a " masterly address." It was, of course, an appeal to the Knights of Labor to lend their influence to the securing of a Na-tional Sunday law. At its close opportunity was given for questions, when the following was asked amonc,  others :Š a Could not this weekly rest-day be secured-without reference to religion, by having the workmen of an establishment scheduled in regular order for one day of rest per week, whichever was most convenient, not all rest-ing on any one clay ? " This was a fair qtiestion, and the plan sug-gested affords a perfect solution of the ques-tion,if the claitt so often made be true, that the sole object for a Sunday law is the secur-ing to working men of the right to rest on one day-  in seven, in accordance with the require-ments of nature. But notice Mr. Crafts's an-swer :Š " A weekly day of rest has never been se-cured in any land except on the basis of re-ligious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out." Ah, just so! Thus, according to Mr. Crafts, who must be the best authority, for he is the prime mover in the matter, what they are after is a laW compelling people to observe the first day of the week religiously. This is in harmony with the following utterances  before the National Sunday Association as-sembled in Washington. Referring to the petitioners for a Sunday law, Mrs. Bateham said :Š " They are praying that the Government will pass a law that will compel the people to observe the first day of the week." Of course, if there can be no rest without religion, then it follows that they want to enforce the religious observance of Sunday; and if that would not be enforcing religion, and trying to compel people to be religious, we should like to know what would be. To show still further that this is the case, we quote the following statement, which we have seen in several reports, and - which seems to be credited to Mr. Crafts:Š " The bill which has been introduced makes Sunday the ideal Sabbath of the Puritans, which day shall be occupied only by worship. No amusement or recreation should be in-dulged in, no mail handled or railroads run except under pressing necessity, with a fine of from $10 to $1,000 as the penalty for non-observance of the law." There you have it. The paper from which these last two quotations are made is the LutheVan Observer of December 21. Its editor was present at the Convention, and took an active part in the proceedings. Yet, in spite of all these statements, Mr. Crafts, in the same speech to which we before referred, said that " Sunday laws do not in any way inter-fere with true liberty, for they do not require any man to be religious "! Think of it! A law is required that will compel all people to rest on Sunday. It is expressly claimed that there can be no such law except on the basis of religious obliga-tion, and that if the religion be taken out, the rest is taken out; and yet he says that such a law would interfere with no man's liberty, because it is not designed to make men religious. With the last we perfectly agree. Such a law is not designed to make men religious, but only hypocritical. But we cannot agree with the first part, for there are some people whose liberty would be greatly interfered with, by an attempt to make them play the hypocrite. We claim the liberty to worship God according to the dictates of our own conscience, and not ac-cording to somebody else's opinions or prac- tices. E J. W. "What the Rev. Herrick Would See." UPON Dr. Herrick Johnson's cry for a breath of the Puritan, the Chicago Tribune, November 23, 1888, remarks, under the above heading, as follows:Š " The Rev. Herrick Johnson, a man who sees no grace nor hope of salvation outside of the Prohibition faction, of which he is one of the lights, mourns over the people's Sun-day papers, and other `evil' doings in Chi-cago, and exclaims: ' Oh, for the breath of the Puritan!' Were he favored with some of it he would find it heavily laden with rum and the smell of the creature called tobacco;' for the Puritan minister scorned neither strong drink nor the Indian weed, but made much of them on all occasionsŠbirths, deaths, and ministerial installations. Were the ancient Puritan in power he would make short work 