40 AMERICAN SEN TIN day law, as they are of this one. We only hope all the Advocates and all other papers and people will take this position and stand there forever. Christian Citizenship ŠAncient and Modern. THE Protestant churches of the country, represented in the Christian Citizenship department of the Christian Endeavor Society and the National Christian Citizenship League, propose to establish the kingdom of God in the earth through the instrumentality of human legislation. THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP BANNER. For the benefit of those who have not read the recent issues of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, two quotations are re-printed to show the objects of the Christian Citizenship movement :Š " What is my work as a member of the good citizen-ship committee? It is to enthrone Christ in every town and city in the State, to have every mayor and every councilman a Christian, then Christ will rule."ŠOfficial Report of the Fourteenth International Christian En-deavor Convention. (Boston, 1895.) p. 215. "Not until the kingship of Jesus Christ is established  over our land and the world, and his teachings made the rule in all public affairs will the Christian Citizenship League have achieved its purpose to prepare the way of the Lord. And then it shall be found that not only has the way for His coming been prepared, but that he lias indeed and in truth come."ŠThe Christian Citizen (Dec. 1896), the official organ of the Christian Citizenship League. This method of establishing the kingdom of Christ on the earth is not new. It has been often tried and as often, has failed. It was first attempted by Constantine and the bishops of his day. One would suppose that the terrible results both to Church and State of that first attempt would furnish an everlasting warning to Chris-tians not to repeat the attempt, but instead of being warned, there are those connected with the Christian En-deavor movement who are so Łblind to the ruin wrought by that attempt, as to believe that when Church and State were united in the days of Constantine, it was really Christianity that wrapped itself in purple robes and as-cended the throne of the Casars I Here is the statement to that effect:Š "In less than three centuries from the ascension of Christ, Christia,nity, in the person of Constantine. the Great, had ascended the throne of the CmsarS and wrapped itself in the royal purple, and ruled the Roman Empire."ŠId. p. 38. Any man or organization of men that teaches that Christianity ascended the throne of the Ca,sars as a result of the Christian citizenship schemes of Constantine *and the bishops of his time, has wrong conceptions of both Christianity and citizenship. And in proportion as.these teachings are accepted and acted upon by the people of the United States, just in that proportion will both Christianity and civil liberty disappear from the land. There was a time in the history of Protestantism when the Christian citizenship movement of the Church in Constantine's time was regarded as the destroyer of primitive Christianity and civil liberty. After quoting that famous article in the Augsburg confession which condemns the confusion of religion with politics, the greatest Protestant historian says:Š " With what wisdom, in particular, the confessors of Augsburg protested against that confukion of religion and politics which, since the deplorable epoch of Constan-tine, had changed the kingdom of God into an earthly and carnal institution !"ŠD'Aubigne's History of the Reformation, Book XIV., chap. VII., par. 34. Inasmuch as Baptists are now so prominently con-nected with Christian Citizenship,.a comment from one of their historians on the Christian Citizenship of Con-stantine's time is here quoted to show how these Baptists are leaving the old landmarks. Dr. Thomas Armitage in his "History of Baptists Traced by their Vital Principles and Practices" has this to say of Constantine and Christian Citizenship:Š " He is said to have seen the cross in the sky, but possibly his Christianity had borne a higher character had he discovered love for the true cross of Christ in his 