MAY 30, 1895. AJ E  11-41 MI (CA N SLE,N-917IN111L.t. The Court. You mean to swear that you did do it? Mr. Allison. Yes, sir; I did the work. The Court. That these witnesses said you did ? Mr. Allison. Yes, sir; but I claim that I have a right, under the Constitution and under the laws of .God, that I have a right to work or not work and keep the day that he wants me to keep ; that is the way I do, I claim I could not work on the seventh day, and then go right on and keep the first day of the week without displeasing God. The Court. There is nothing in that. I have as much respect for your religion as anybody in any church in the country, or good men in the country. I would not interfere with you in any way in the en-joyment of your religion; this is simply a law of the State, and we are bound thereby. The State could say that you should keep Wednesday or Thursday, that it would be a crime to work on every other Wednesday or every other Thursday, and you would be bound to obey that law. I have a perfect respect for every man's religion, and I think every man has a right to his religion, whether he is a Mohammedan, or Jew, or Christian, or a Buddhist, and whether he believes in the seventh day, or the first day, or any other day. Mr. Allison. Don't you think I would be worship-ing some other god, if I was to obey the law in this matter believing as I do? Why God would not protect me, ,I would be worshiping another god. The Court. Probably I would not be competent to argue this question with you, when you come to the Bible.. , This is an act of the State, and if you live in the State of Georgia, you must obey its laws. Mr. Allison. Don't you remember where,you read about Daniel ? They made a law special for Daniel, and they cast him into the lions' den, and he broke the laW, and God protected him in it. The Court. I believe I have heard something about that, hilt the day of miracles is past. I am here sim-ply to enforce the laws, and no matter what a man's religious opinions are, if the laws of the State are that he shall not work on a certain day, and he continues to work on that day, I am bound to enforce the law ; I am simply bound to do that; that is my duty; that is my oath. I state to you that you are guilty, ac-cording to your own statement, of the violation of the law, and you cannot live in the State of Georgia and do. that. The trouble is this, that if you are allowed to do thisŠI understand you are a good man, your neighbors say you are, there is nothing in the world against youŠbut if you are allowed to do this, bad men would claim the same privilege, and desecrate what the great majority of people consider the Sabbath; but outside of any reason for it, that is the law. As appears from the record, the verdict of guilty was entered without the jury leaving their seats. The court then took a recess until afternoon; and, upon reassembling, the judge proceeded to pass sentence upon Mr. Allison, prefacing it with the advice that if the defendant's religion prevented him from obeying the Sunday laws of Georgia, he would better move out of the State and go where he would be allowed to live out his religion. He said if Mr. Allison persisted in working on Sunday, and came up before him again, he would put him where it would be a long time before he could getout of the State. Then, repeating what he said about Mr. Allison's being a good man and a good citizen, and there being `nothing in the world against him, he said: "I will let you off easy this time with the costs, $22.05, or in default thereof, twelve full months in the chain-gang." For some discussion of the principles in-volved in this case, see article on first page of this paper. Ł -4-* THE BOYS' BRIGADE. ONE of the founders of the "Boys' Brigade" movement, describing the origin of the move-ment in a recent number of the Independent, says:Š . All healthy boys have a love of soldiering born in them. This intended defense of the military spirit that is permeating the churches, is the strong-est condemnation of it. It is very true that boys are born with a love for war, but it is also true that these boys must be " born  again " before they can enter the kingdom of heaven. John 3: 3. And to the Church was committed the teaching of this vital truth; but instead of condemning the fruits of the natural heart, among which are- " emulation, wrath, strife," the concomitants of war, and teaching that all these belong to the natural heart, to escape which all must be born again, the Church is fostering the natural heart and stamping it with the approval of the Christian Church. The excuse is made that this nat-ural desire of the carnal heart is taken advan-tage of to get the ear of the boy to teach him that he must be born again. But to do this is to " do evil that good may come," a propo-sition condemned by the Scriptures. Rom. 3: 8. With the one hand the Church is building what with the other it professes to destroy. "Ye cannot serve two masters." Ł 4- FOUND AT LAST AND LAST FOUND IN TENNESSEE. SOME divine authority for Sunday observ-ance has been a want of many centuries, and many have been the efforts to supply it. Scripture has been wrested, history has been falsified and perverted, letters have been forged and tomes have been written, but all to no purpose; the fact still remained that Sunday was, as Neander says, " always only a human ordinance; "1  but now the lack has been sup-plied(?) and that in the very place where most needed, namely, in Tennessee, as is witnessed by the following from the Memphis Weekly Commercial 2:-- MILAN, Tenn., May 28.ŠMr. J. A Warner, of this city, has in his possession a wonderful letter, which is probably one of the oldest specimens in existence. It has been in the Warner family 173 years. It is written on material resembling parchment, and yellow with the age of two centuries. The copy and letter are presented as follows:Š COPY OF A LETTER " Written by our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and found eighteen miles from Iconium twenty-five years after our blessed Saviour's crucifixion and trans-mitted from the holy city by a converted Jew, and faithfully translated from the original Hebrew copy now in possession of Lady Cubass. " This letter was found under a stone, both round and large, at the foot of the cross eighteen miles from Iconium near a village called Mesopotamia. Upon this stone was written and engraved: `Blessed he he that shall turn me over.' All that saw it prayed to God earnestly and desired that he would make known unto them the meaning of this writing, that they might not in vain turn it over. In the meantime a little child of about six or seven years of age turned it over to the admiration of all present, and under the stone was written the command of Jesus Christ in a letter published by the angel Gabriel ninety-eight years after the death of our Blessed Saviour and car-ried by a person belonging to Lady Cubass, and made public in the city of Iconium." THE LETTER. " Glory to God on high and on earth good will to all men, whosoever worketh on the Sabbath day shall be cursed. I command you to go to church and to keep the Lord's day holy without doing any manner of work. You shall not idle or mis-spend your time in decking yourselves in superfluous and costly apparel and vain dressing, for I have ordained a day to be kept holy that your sins may be forgiven; you shall not break My commandments, but observe and keep them written with My own hand. You shall not only go to church yourself, but your man servant and your maid servant, to observe My word and learn My com-mandments. You shall finish your labor every Satur-day at six o'clock in the afternoon, from that time the preparation of the Sabbath begins. " I advise you to fast five days in the year, begin-ning with Good Friday, and so continue the four first Neander's Church History, translated by H. J. Rose, p. 186. We .alte this article from the Herald, of Roseland, La., March 22, 1895, which paper credits it to the Weekly Commer-cial, of Memphis, but does not give the date of the paper from which it took it. The date given in the date line, May 28, causes us to think, however, that it appeared in the Commer-cial last year. The pressing need of some authority for Sun-day other than the law of the State has been increasingly felt in Tennessee for several years. days following, in remembrance of the five bloody wounds received for mankind. " You shall diligently and peacefully labor in your respective vocation wherein it has pleased Almighty God to place you. " You shall love one another with brotherly love and cause them that are not baptized to come to church and receive the holy sacrament, and be made members thereof; and in so doing I will give many blessings, and comfort you in great temptation, and surely he that doeth to the contrary shall be cursed and unprofit-able. I will also send hardships of heart upon them, but especially upon impenitent sinners and hardened unbelievers. " He that giveth not to the poor shall be unprofit-able. Remember to keep the Sabbath day, for the seventh day I have kept to Myself, and he that bath a copy of this letter and keepeth it without publishing it to others, shall not prosper, and he that publish it to others shall be blessed of Me, and if their sins be in numbers as the stars in the firmament and believe in this they shall be pardoned, and if they believe not in this writing and keep not My commandments I will send My plague upon them and their children and their cattle, and whosoever shall have a copy of this letter and keep it in the house nothing shall do them any damage, neither pestilence, lightning or thunder shall hurt them, and if a woman be with child and in labor and she firmly puts her trust in Me, she shall be delivered of her birth; you shall hear no more of Me, but of the blessed spirit, until the day of judgment." " JERI' HOMINID( SALVATOR." ŠMemphis Weekly Commercial. This is not the first time that documents of this kind have been discovered(?) in remark-able ways; and that they have a common or-igin is evident from their marked similarity; and yet they are not free from contradictions, which circumstance however is never taken seriously by the slave of tradition. As related by J. N. Andrews, in his " His-tory of the Sabbath," pp. 287-390, there visited England in the year 1200 A. D., one Eustace, the abbot of Flaye in Normandy, and the burden of his preaching seems to have been Sunday observance. " At London also, and many other places throughout England," re-marks Hoveden,' "he effected by his preach-ing that from that time forward people did not dare to hold market of things exposed for sale on the Lord's day" [Sunday]. The abbot met much opposition, however, even from the clergy, and some were so incon-siderate as to demand of the zealous preacher that he cite some divine authority for the observance upon which he so strenuously in- sisted. The result was that he for a time abandoned the field and " returned," says Hoveden, " to Normandy, unto his place whence he came." But the Sunday-breakers were to enjoy only a short respite. The following year, as the same author relates,' the abbot returned with the authority demanded in the shape of the following document:Š THE HOLY COMMANDMENT AS TO THE LORD'S DAY, Which came from heaven to Jerusalem, and was found upon the altar of Saint Simeon, in Golgotha, where Christ was crucified for the sins of the world. The Lord sent down this epistle, which was found upon the altar of Saint Simeon, and after looking upon which three days and three nights, some men fell upon the earth, imploring mercy of God. And after the third hour, the patriarch arose, and Acharias, the archbishop, and they opened the scroll, and received the holy epistle from God. And when they had taken the same, they found this writing therein:Š " I am the Lord who commanded you to observe the holy day of the Lord, and ye have not kept it, and have not repented of your sins, as I have said in my gospel, ' Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away.' Whereas, I caused to be preached unto you repentance and amendment of life, you did not believe me, I have sent against you the pagans, who have shed your blood on the earth ; and yet you have not believed; and because you did not keep the Lord's day holy, for a few days you suffered hunger, but soon I gave you fullness, and after that you did still worse again. Once more, it is my will, that no one, from the ninth hour on Saturday until sunrise 4iin Monday, shall do any work except that which is good. Roger de Hoveden's Annals, Bohn's Ed., Vol. 2, p. 487. Hoveden, Vol. 2, pp. 526-528. 