AMERICAN SENTINEL. 147 five States. A new term must be invented to cover the entire outfit. In England, Germany and Russia they use the word empire. That is the only word available for us.ŠSpringfield Republican. Maryland Sunday-Law Agitation. THE State legislature of Maryland has, for the past two weeks, experienced some of the perplexities that invariably follow religious enactments. Being stimulated by the existence of the old re-enacted provincial Sunday Blue Laws of 1696, ("An Act to Sanctify the Sabbath Day") and an apparent desire to coerce conformity to their conception of re-ligious observances, the ministers of the city of BaltiŁ more have successfully precipitated a biennial Sunday crusade for the last ten years. The present Sunday law of Maryland prohibits all work excepting "works of necessity and charity" and these oft-repeated efforts to enforce the law has tended to antagonism to it, created contempt for religion, and brought forth the following proposed bill as a compro-mise measure between those who desire a liberal Sun-day and those who wish to throw about the day every possible restriction:Š "A BILL "Entitled an 'Act to repeal and en-enact, with amend-ments, Section 247 -of Article XXVII of the Code of Public General Laws, title "Crimes and punish-ments," sub-title "Sabbath Breaking,"' and to add a certain new section to said Article to be known as Section 247A, and to follow Section 247 of said Article. "SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of Maryland, That Section 247 of Article XXVII of the Code of Public General Laws, title 'Crimes and Punish-ments,' sub-title 'Sabbath Breaking,' be and the same is hereby repealed and re-enacted, with amendments, and that a certain new section be and the same is hereby added to said Article to be known as Section 247A, to follow Section 247, of said Article, to read as to the sections, iŁespectively, as follows: "247. No person shall do, command br authorize, any work or bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly known as Sunday, unless it be a work of necessity or charity; and all shooting, hunting, and public sports and shows on said day are prohibited; violation of any provision of this section being a misdemeanor, punish-able by a fine of five dollars: provided that it shall be lawful to do any work or labor connected with or inci-dental to the publication, editing or preparing for pub-lication or delivery of newspapers, the carriage of pas-sengers in any car, vehicle, or elevator, the carriage of baggage to or from hotels or inns and railway stations, the baking of bread and preparing of meals, the polish-ing of boots or shoes, and the transmission of messages. "247A. All manner of selling, exposing or offering for sale, bartering or disposing of any property or thing on Sunday is a misdemeanor, punishable by a  fine not exceeding fifty dollars, or imprisonment in jail, not exceeding sixty days; but excepted from the pro-vision of this section are the sale of meals, to be eaten on the premises or served elsewhere by caterers, and the sale of newspapers, cigars or tobacco prepared for use, milk, ice, fruit, flowers, confectionery, soda and mineral waters, drugs, medicines and surgical appliances. "SEc. 2. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take effect from the date of its passage." This bill was introduced in the House of Delegates by Mr. Sanford of Baltimore, and was reported favorably by the Judiciary Committee February 16,1900. Just before the third reading of the bill a hearing wa s granted, and the advocates of the bill and the antis went to the capital in force. The advocates of the repeal wore streamers having the word, "Constitution." The oppo- nents wore large yellow placards in their hatbands inscribed, "No repeal of the Sunday Laws." The State House was thronged, the interest intense; and the sounds of excited discussions and contentions amid a dense cloud of tobacco smoke and the fumes of a brewery should have been sufficient to convince every minister and Christian participating that the discussing of the Sabbath under such circumstances was as much out of place as were they themselves. As an illustration of the nature of the contentions at this hearing we quote from a few speeches made in favor of the proposed bill:Š " 'I come before you this morning to ask you to secure to us the rights which the Constitution of the United States gives us, and of the full enjoyments of which the Methodist ministers of Baltimore seek to deprive us. The Constitution guarantees us enjoyment of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. The minis-ters' definition of liberty, gentlemen, is: Freedom to every man to do as he likes so long as he does what Methodist ministers approve. Our definition,  is: Free-dom to every man to do as he likes so long as be does not injure others. We say, if you test the arguments and statements of those gentlemen by our definition you will find that their arguments areillogical and their position is untenable. " 'This is not the first time that a battle has been fought in Maryland between the forces of clerical intol-erance on the one hand and the defenders of liberty on the other. It will be in the recollection of many gentle-men here that, some years ago, a rather severe conflict took place over the people's demand for Sunday cars. The matter was submitted to the vote of the people, and the friends of liberty scored an immense victory. During the course of the campaign that preceded the voting some terrible prophecies were uttered by the champions of the intolerants as to the doom that would befall Baltimore if Sunday cars should be run. It was pictured that Baltimore would become steeped in vice, dissipation and debauchery, and one of the extreme fanatics actually warned the people that if the ordinance passed, Baltimore would ultimately rival in wickedness the ancient cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. " 'The ordinance passed, and common sense tri-umphed, and even the intolerants now use the Sunday cars. But were any of their gloomy prophecies realized?. 