256 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, APRIL 21, 1898. NEVER before in the world's history did the sound of war reverberate throughout the earth as it does to-day. "PROCLAIM ye this among the Gen-tiles: Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near, let them come up. Beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruning-hooks into spears; let the weak say, I am strong." What more would be necessary than is seen and heard to-day to constitute the fulfillment of this prophecy of Joel? And this prophecy marks the proxim-ity of the day of God. BOTH branches of Congress having passed by large majorities resolutions which amount to a declaration of war against Spain, it is probable that by the time this paper reaches its readers an open rupture between the two countries will have become a reality. The pope, meanwhile, has tried hard to get Europe to interfere in behalf of Spain; but his proposi-tions seem to have met with favora-ble response only from France and Austria, who are not able to do any-thing toward dominating the situa-tion without the cooperation of the other Powers. A DISPATCH from Washington quotes a member of the Administra-tion as saying, with reference to the present outlook, "Events seem to be leading up to the last grand crash be-sore the millennium." Thoughtful observers can see that events are leading up to a "grand crash," andŠvery thoughtlesslyŠmany persons associate this with the idea of the coming of a millennium of peace. But the war spirit, which is abroad in the earth to-day, does not beget the spirit of peace. It begets only that which is like itself. There will be a "grand crash," truly; but it will usher in the "day of God,"  not the millennium of peace. Is the world ready for it? Are you ready for it? That is the important ques-tion. THE partition of China among the powers of Europe seems now to be practically an accomplished fact, though there is opportunity for a good deal of quarreling in adjusting the details of the transaction. The whole Eastern hemisphere now scarcely affords elbow room for the "Christian" powers. AT the Academy of Music in New York City, Sunday morning, the 17th inst., after a stirring discourse by the Rev. Thomas Dixon, Jr., a resolution was passed by a practically unani-mous vote of the congregation de-claring that this Government ought to make war on Spain and bombard Havana by Wednesday next at the latest. And this resolution was pro-posed and the vote taken, that the announcement of the fact might be 'telegraphed to the authorities at Washington; the pastor stating that he would do this by 3 o'clock of the same day. And so it has come to this,Šthat the church, which is supposed to preach the gospel of the Prince of Peace, now openly declares for war; and not only this, but wants war even more than the civil,authorities want it, and urges the latter on to the conflict because they do not move fast enough to suit her ! The church urging the world on to carnal war-fare ! This is "Christianity" indeed! THE Christian Statesman, organ of the modern Puritanical element in religion, expresses (in its April issue) a fear that the Sabbath (Sunday) may soon become in this country "as it is in parts of Europe, a day of labor, of pleasure, and of crime." Probably the Statesman here meant worldly "pleasure," though it is quite in accord with the Puritan na-ture as it stands. For it is well known that the Puritans classed pleasure on the Sabbath with secular labor and crime. But God's Sabbath  was made to be a day of the highest pleasure. THERE is one kind of business now that will unquestionably "pay," if conducted with any kind of business ability; and that is the manufacture and sale of vessels of war. It seems that there is no likelihood of there ever being a "glutted market" in this line of manufactured "goods." WHETHER ot. not the Government is going to drive Spain out of Cuba may be a great question; but it is not so important for you as the ques-tion whether self is going to be driven out of your heart. This is a ques-tion of what you are going to do, and not somebody else. Self has declared war against you, and you need not wait a moment to begin fighting the greatest and most important battles of your life. THE history of one of the most im-portant and interesting develop-ments of modern times is being given in the SENTINEL, in the articles headed "Items of W. C. T. U. History." Probably no person living is better qualified to speak on the subject than is the writer of these articles; and we do not see how any person who feels an interest in human affairs can fail to be interested in them. We are sure they afford an excellent opportunity for introducing the SENTINEL to those engaged in the work of the W. C. T. U. Jr is proposed to build another trans-continental railway through Canada, further north than the Ca-nadian Pacific. The new route will run from Montreal direct to the upper end of Lake Winnipeg, thence north-west to the Rocky Mountains, cross-ing them at an elevation of 2,400 feet; thence down the valley of the Skeene to the Pacific. It is proposed to build also connecting branches to the Yukon. When this is done, the trans-Sibe-rian railway being also completed, as it no doubt will be, a journey from America to England can be made without going across the Ocean. 