AMERICAN SENTINEL. 25 A CRUSADE against the ninety saloons of Joliet, Ill., is now on. The point of attack is their violation of four laws, ' viz., selling after 11 P.M., keeping open Sundays, selling, to minors, and selling to drunkards. Mida's Criterion, commenting on the fact, says:Š"If the saloons kept to the law, they would not be so vul-nerable."ŠUnion Signal. Then why allow the saloons any law to "keep to"? Why, by a Sunday law, or any other law, make them less vulnerable to the forces of temperance? * * Too MANY people in this world are like this "peace-able" clergyman mentioned in an, Australian journal as one of the speakers at a celebration in Melbourne:Š "For himself, though a man of peace, he was willing, whenever the time came, to show with a rifle where his own interests were. He did not think he would make a mull of it either. He had handled a rifle in his younger days, and he had not forgotten how to carry it." The real man of peace does not show where his inter-ests are by getting into a fight. * * * THE Rev. M. J. Savage, who religiously seems to be identified more closely with the Spiritualists than with any other body, in a recent "sermon" said:Š "I believe the attitude we have taken in the Philip-pines to be unimpeachably right. Nobody on the face of the earth ever paid any practical attention to that beautiful saying of the Declaration of Independence, `Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed.' " Mr. Savage sees plainly enough that "the attitude we have taken in the Philippines" is consistent only with the idea that the doctrine of government by con-sent of the governed is of no practical importance. * * THE Rome correspondent of the N. Y. Sun said in a dispatch dated the 24th inst.:Š "The interesting ceremony of opening the Holy Door of St. Peter's was performed to-day by the pope with all the pomp that accompanies the solemn func-tions of the church. The event marked the beginning of the' Holy Year." After the ceremony the pope said: "I have opened a new era, in which may'God give peace." That the pope  has power to open a new era by this ceremony at St. Peter's, is an idea in keeping with the general character of papal assumptions. ti * * THE Sacred Heart Review, an influential Catholic paper, published in Boston, declares that Catholics in the United States must organize so as to be able to throw their united political strength against that which invades their rights of conscience. It speaks with the air of one whose rights of conscience are already being trampled under foot. And what are these rights of conscience for which it contends? Oh, there has been a reduction in the Government appropriations for Cath-olic Indian schools; and it is proposed to establish free schools after the American pattern in Puerto Rico! These two are the principal "wrongs" from which they are suffering. * * * As has been often pointed out in these columns, any appropriation at all of Government money for Catholic Indian schools is wholly contrary to the American prin-ciples of government separating church and state. It is a concession to the papacy, a denial of the principles of political freedom and a menace to the liberties of the people. And because the Government will not pursue, or showsfa disposition to recede from, this unjust, un-American church-and-state policy, the CatholicsŠso far as this journal represents themŠdeclare that their "rights of conscience" are invaded! And likewise of the complaint about free schools in Puerto Rico. That island is now under American rule; and to tolerate longerthe old Catholic church-and-state regime in education there would be to give that regime the sanction of the Government, to deny the American principle of church-and-state separation, and justify the papal principle of church-and-state union. As well might the Catholic school system be set up by the Gov-ernment here in the United States, so far as the effect on American principles is concerned, as to be maintained under American authority in Puerto Rico. Yet the refusal to maintain it is another invasion of the "rights of the Catholic conscience." * In other words, the Catholic conscience, as delineated by this influential Catholic paper, demands that the Government deny the rights of conscience of all Protes-tants. Such a conscience was never educated by the Word of God. Ł And now a Catholic organization, a Catholic party, is called for to demand and force from the Government this recognition of papal principles. A vast new field 