10 AMEItICAN SENTINEL. ment at all hazards. These two sections are as fol-lows:Š "6. That this State, having by its convention which ratified the Federal Constitution, expressly declared that, among other essential rights, 'the liberty of con-science and the press cannot be canceled, abridged, re-strained, or modified by any authority of the United States,' and'  rom its extreme anxiety to guard these rights from every possible attack of sophistry and am-bitionŠhaving, with other States, recommended an amendment for that purpose, which amendment was in due time annexed to the ConstitutionŠit would mark a reproachful inconsistency and criminal degeneracy if an indifference were now shown to the most palpable viola-tion of one of the rights thus declared and secured, and to the establishment of a precedent which may be fatal to the other. "7. That the good people of this Commonwealth having ever felt, and continuing to feel, the most sincere affection for their brethren of the other States, the truest anxiety for establishing and perpetuating the union of all, and the most scrupulous fidelity to that Constitution, which is the pledge of mutual friendship and the instrument of mutual happiness, the General Assembly doth solemnly appeal to the like dispositions in the other States, in confidence that they will concur with this Commonwealth in declaring, as it does hereby declare, that the acts aforesaid are unconstitutional, and that the necessary and proper measures will be taken by each for co-operation with this State in main-taining unimpaired the authorities, rights, and liberties reserved to the States respectively or to the people." Now, if the Constitution is to be construed and ad-ministered at all times according to its meaning and intention when it was framed and adopted, where is the j ustification for acts which violate the freedom of con science by taxing the people of the several StatesŠ.com-pelling them to furnish contributions of mone-:;Štor  the propagation of the religious opinions, of vile church of.  Rome? Let the advocates of popery and arbitrary power answer this. Let them say 'whether the policy of subsidizing the church of Rome does, or does not, sub-vert both the general prinit pies of free government and the particular orgnization and mandatory inhibition ,of the FederP:.1 Constitution? But are we subsidizing that t1101:1.ch? Let us see. In his history of the Catholic Church in America (p. 489), O'Gorman says:Š "A complete history of the religious orders would be of the highest value, for their history is the history of Catholic education and charities. Our parochial .schools, colleges, academies, and charitable institutions are in their hands." If this be true, is not a subsidy to the institutions owned and conducted by these orders unconstitutional? Are not all contracts made by the Government with them or their representatives uncon-stitutional? Do they not compel men to make contri-butions of money for the propagation of opinions which they disbelieve? And are they not therefore sinful and tyrannical? Jefferson spoke of taxation, for such pur- poses as "unrighteous compulsion," and as "spiritual) tyranny" (1 Jeff. Works, pp. 36-37). I may supply other contemporaneous authorities in:  a future article. For the present I close. JOSEPH BRADFIELD. Text of Supreme Court Decision Regarding Sectarian Appropriations. SUPREME COURT OP THE UNITED STATES. No. 76.ŠOCTOBER TERM, 1899. Joseph Bradfield, Appellant, Ellis H. Roberts, Treasurer of the United States. vs. Appeal from the Court' ofi Appeals of the District of Columbia. [December 4, 1899.] THIS is a suit in equity, brought by the appellant to enjoin the defendant from paying any moneys to the directors of Providence Hospital, in the city of Wash-ington, under an agreement entered into between the Commissioners of the District of Columbia and the di-rectors of the hospital, by virtue of the authority of an, act of Congress, because' of the alleged invalidity of the. agreement for the reasons stated in the bill of coin -plaint. In that bill complainant represents that he is a, citizen and taxpayer of the-  United States and a resident of the District of Columbia, that the defendant is the Treasurer of the United States, and the object of the :suit is to enjoin him from paying to or on account of Providence Hospital, in the city of Washington, District of Columbia, any moneys belonging to the United States, by virtue of a contract between the Surgeon-General of the Army and the directors of that hospital, or by virtue of an agreement between the Commissioners of the Dis-trict of Columbia and such directors, under the author-ity of an appropriation contained in the sundry civil appropriation bill for the District pf Columbia, approved June 4, 1897, Complainant further alleged in his bill:Š "That the said Providence Hospital is a private eleemosynary corporation, and that to the best of com-plainant's knowledge and belief it is composed of mem-bers of a monastic order or sisterhood of the Roman Catholic Church,' and is conducted under the auspices of said church; that the title to its property is vested in the 'Sisters of Charity of Emmitsburg, Maryland;' thatŁ it was incorporated by a special act of Congress ap-proved April 8, 1864, whereby, in addition to the usual powers of bodies corporate and politic, it was invested specially with 'full power and all the rights of opening and keeping a hospital in the city of Washington for the care of such sick and invalid persons as may place themselves under the treatment and care of said corpo-ration.' "That in view of the sectarian character of said Providsnce Hospital and, the specific and limited:object 