306 THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. if it were an honest one. It would be a strong one if it were only fair. From this statement alone, nobody would ever get the idea that any church but the Catholic was, engaged, in this " raid upon the public treasury," or had been a ben-eficiary of " this perversion of public money to sectarian uses." Yet this state-ment was written and distributed to United States senators by a ministerŠclearly a Protestant minister. Was that minister Rev. James M. King, D. D., Gen-eral Secretary of the National League for the Protection of American Institutions ? It was written by a minister who knew the facts; and he knew that last year while the Roman Catholics received $356,-967, the Protestants received $204,993. He knew that while the Roman Catholics asked an increase of $44,000, the Protest-ants also requested the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to increase the appropria-tion to them. He knew that in 1886 al-though the Roman Catholics received $118,-343, the Protestants at the same time from the same source received $109,916; and he knew that although in 1890 the appropria-tion to the Roman Catholic Church had "reached the large sum of $356,967," the amount secured by the Protestants in the same time, and from the same source, had also reached the large sum of $204,993. Yet in the face of these figures showing the large amount of money received by Protestant denominations from the public treasury for church uses, he says not a word about it, and lays against the Roman Catholics only, as though they were the only guilty parties in the whole transac-tion, the charge of that " raid upon the public treasury," and protests against and denounces this " perversion of public money to sectarian uses." Now if the Roman Catholics' securing from the national Government $118,343 was a "raid upon the public treasury," the securing by Protestants from the same source $109,016 is just as certainly a raid upon the public treasury ; and if the con-tinuation and increase of the appropriation to the Roman Catholics up to the amount of $356,967 was a continuous raid upon the public treasury, then the continuation and the increase of the appropriation from the same source to Protestants up to the amount of $204,993 was just as certainly a continuous raid upon the public treas-ury; the only difference being that the raid of the Protestants was not quite so successful as the raid of the Catholics. Nor is it exactly correct to put it in this way. The raid was not made by the party in two distinct divisions. They were united in solid phalanx in the raid, each division supporting the other. It was only when the Protestants, found that the Catholics were securing a little more plunder than they could seize, that there was any division at all among the invad-ing host, or that there was among them any idea that their action was a raid upon  the ' public treasury. As soon as this was discovered, however, the invading hosts separated in two divisions---the " secta rian " and the " non-sects r ian, "Šand the Protestants, the " non-sectarian " division, suddenly discovered that there was a " raid being made upon the public treas-ury," and that there was being carried on a " serious perversion of public money to sectarian uses." This is a hint, but a powerful one, of what would come of the non-sectarian re-ligion which the National League for the Protection of American Institutions de-mands shall be taught in the public schools, and established by constitutional amendment. It would soon end in the total destruction of the whole public school system. And that is just what this League means. Instead of the protection of Amer-ican institutions, it means the destruction of the most sacred of these institutions. A. T. J. Ł The Sunday Question. REV. W. F. CRAFTS makes this state-ment :Š To put most men where they must choose be-tween losing their position or their rest day, is to "force them into Sunday work." This, we think, is by no means a neces-sary conclusion, nor even a logical one. To put men where they must choose be-tween two things is not to force them to choose a particular one of the two, but simply 'to make a choice. Otherwise there is no choosing about the matter. Many of the early Christians were forced to choose between losing their lives and de-nying their faith by paying homage to idols in accordance with Roman law. They were forced to make a choice, and the nature Of their choice determined their fidelity or infidelity Łto the cause they professed to love. The same is true of choosing between losing a position, and a day of rest. The choice made would sim-ply determine which had the stronger hold upon the person choosing ; and to say that most men, if forced to make a choice between the two, would give up the day, is equivalent to saying that most men would not do Łwhat they believe to be right, or that they have very little regard for the day. The former is not very complimentary to the man, nor the latter to the day. What is needed, is conscience, and not law in the matter. No man is forced to work on Sunday. There is no law com-pelling him to labor on that day. He can rest if, he chooses, though in some in-stances he might thereby lose his posi-tion, which would be a sacrifice he would make to his religious convictions, showing his fidelity to principle. Some man in search of an honest employe would hire him the next day. If all men conscien-tiously believed in keeping Sunday, and would adhere to their conscientious belief, the forcing would be on the other side.  Factories, mills, and railroads would be forced to stop on Sunday for lack of hands to run them. There are two sides to this question. Let the -battle on the Sabbath question be fought out on the line of con-science and moral suasion, and not on the battle-field of a compulsory ecclesiastical.  law. Such laws come to us with a bloody record.ŠW. A. Colcord, in Washington Post. The State and Parochial Schools. ANOTHER most important phase of State interference with church schools is that in which it is advocated that the State must prohibit the Roman Catholic Church from excommunicating members of that church who persist in sending their chil-dren to the public school. And of all phases of the question this most betrays the silly blindness and unreasoning dull-ness of those who advocate the measure. The facts upon which this claim is based are these : Where there is not a sufficient number of Roman Catholic children to form a school of their own, the parents are allowed to send them to the public school; but where there is a sufficient number a church school is to be estab-lished, and Roman Catholics are required, by the church, to send their children to that school. They are required to do this under penalty of church discipline. For instance, if there is a church school, and a Roman Catholic parent sends his child to the public school instead, the bishop or the priest will command him to send.his child to the church school. If he disobeys, then the eucharist will be withheld from him. If he persists in sending his child to the public school, the next step will be excommunication, that is, turning him out of the church entirely, and if he should die he would not be buried in consecrated ground. The claim that is made on these facts is, that in so doing the Catholic Church is making war upon the public schools, and in that is making war upon the State. Therefore the State in self-defense must prohibit the Roman Catholic Church from exercising church discipline upon any of its members who send their children to the public school in disobedience to church orders. This claim is made up of a whole bundle of absurdities, and is composed of nothing else. First, it is a confession that the public school, and therefore the State, is dependent upon the Roman Catholic children for its existence; and that it is so weak that it cannot bear the effect of Roman Catholic excommunication in op-position. If this be so, neither the Roman Catholics, nor anybody else, can reason-ably be blamed for not wanting to send their children to the- public school. But such is not the case. The public school is not dependent upon the Roman Cath-olic children for its existence, and neither 