32 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. TI-2se Arr2eFiear2 den ir2el. OAKLAND, CAL., APRIL, 1886. THE pages of the AMERICAN SENTINEL are stereotyped, and we can furnish it at any time in any quantity desired. We can but be pleased with the favor with which it has been received throughout the country. OHIO is the birthplace of the "National Re-form Association." It is a large and well-pop-ulated State, and the Reformers are putting forth the greatest efforts to convert it to its movement. It is to be hoped that the friends of civil and religious libertyŠof equal religious rights before the lawŠwill put forth every effort to give the SENTINEL a wide circulation in Ohio. Doubtless there will be a hard strug-gle over that important ground. THE Christian Statesman, upon its first view of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, congratulated itself that it was going to have opposition, for want of which its cause was languishing. But since that time it has preserved the most decorous silence on the subject. As it said that this is the first real opposition that it has received, and appeared to feel so pleased with the pros-pect before it, we have been led to wonder that it does not further make its delight manifest to the public. We do not court opposition; we stand for the defense of the truth, and are very willing to be corrected if we are in error. The National Reform Association is a large and in-fluential body, boasting amongst its members some of the most eminent men in the land. We recognize and freely acknowledge the abil-ity of these men, but we think they are in error on this qUesdon, having wrong views of the proper objects of civil Government, and of the proper relations, of the State to religion. We shouldŁ hesitate to enter into combat with them on equal ground; but with the advantage of such clear truth as we are striving to main-tain, we do not fear the result of the most thorough investigation. A PAPER in Texas, after speaking of the ob-ject of the National Reform Association, says:Š "Up to the first of January there was no publication in the country especially devoted to the work of combatting this politico-relig-ious heresy, but the void is now well filled by. the AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, California. The SENTINEL is one of the neatest printed pub-lications we have seen, and is edited with a vim that shows brains are at the back of it that will give the 'Religious Amendment Party' plenty to do to defend their sophistries. It is refreshing to see some of our religious journals opposing this amendment business, notably the New York Independent; but this party will cause trouble if it is not set down upon vigor-ously by those who venerate the wisdom of our forefathers, who wisely declared the complete divorcement of Church and State is the safe-guard of our liberties." An editor of a paper in Ohio, sending for the SENTINEL, which he had not seen, wrote:Š "This is a community of National Reformers, and many people are subscribers to the Chris-tian Statesman, with whose principles 1 do not agree. I am an advocate of the principles of  Christianity, and a firm believer in the religion of Christ, yet am opposed to making religion the foundation of our national Government. The rule of Christ is spiritual and not civil, and we regard any approach to a union of Church and State with a great deal of appre-hension. We believe that a resort to the civil power for the protection of the truth of the word of God, and for the defense of the church, would result disastrously to both. We hope that your paper will, while not occupying infi-del ground, successfully combat the doctrines taught by the National Reform Association, and prevent any radical change in our national Constitution that will render it in any form a confession of the religious faith of any class of citizens." We believe in both " protection " and "de-fense" when anybody's rights are assailed, but on this question the " Reformers" are the as-sailants, and the Government should protect the rights of all classes of its citizens against their machinations. There Is Danger. THE following brief notice of the SENTINEL is from the Boston Herald:Š "Somebody out at San Francisco is so scared by the good people who want a Religious Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, that he has started a paper to oppose their designs. The next thing some one will be organizing a society to fight the movements for inducing water to run up hill. Such a soci-ety would be as useful as such a paper." Every one who is acquainted with the Bos-ton Herald knows that it is an able paper, but in this case it has not read up on the strength and doings of the National Reform Association, or it has not considered well what may be done by a comparatively small body which has in-fluence to turn the majority in a political con-test. An association which can number among its officers four governors, five State superin-tendents of public instruction, nine bishops, fifteen judges of higher courts, and forty-one college presidents and professors, with Doctors of Divinity, and other eminent men, must com-mand influence. In fact, there is no other asso- ciation of any kind in the United States that can equal it in this respect. If the Herald will stop a moment to consider, it must know that a society with such strength and influence could easily organize a force which would turn the scale either way in a general election; they could control a body of voters which either party would consider worth its while to capt-ure by the strongest pledges. And then it must be borne in mind that their profession is high, and their object apparently praiseworthy. They claim that they will pu- rify the atmosphere of the political field, elevate the standard of public morality, reconcile dif-ferences which disturb our peace, eradicate such abominations as Mormon polygamy, etc. If we were to credit all their utopian schemes or professions, we must believe that they could inaugurate the millennium by a general con- vention, if the people would only amend the Constitution as they desire. And we are not ignorant of the fact that thousands are capti-vated by these specious claims, and are pledging support to their measures when the time comes for action. It is a, singular fact that in New England, the home of the Puritans, the National Reform-ers seem to be doing little or nothing. It is, perhaps, owing to this fact that so able a paper . as the Herald seems to think there is as little danger of securing a Religious Amendment to our Constitution as of reversing the law of gravitation. But we know what influence they are gaining in the great West; we know by the experience of a religio-political cam-paign in, the State of California, what such a movement may accomplish when it can offer success to a political party for espousing its cause. And we verily believe that it will be but a short 'time when the Herald will change its mind, and wonder why there have not been more to sound the alarm of danger ahead. It is but a few years since the "National Reform Association" was organized, and its growth has been almost without a parallel. And no wonder, considering the standing of its leaders, and the persistency of their efforts to bring their views and aims before the public. We have received a letter from an observing gentleman in one of the States of the Missis-sippi valley, who says that our paper is timely, and its arguments just and unanswerable, but considers it tardy in its appearing. To keep pace with the progress of the amendment work it should have been started a number of years ago. A WORKER in the amendment cause reports from Topeka, Kan., as follows:Š " Monday I presented the subject before the Ministers' Association. The question was heartily seconded by the pastor of the Lu-theran Church. He moved that the Associa-tion give its indorsement to the cause. It seemed as if this motion would have been car-ried unanimously, but two Baptist ministers ex-pressed, their decided opposition, saying' that such an amendment would have no more effect on the Government than the inscription on our coins, In God we trust.' Government, they said, had no right to legislate on religion." These Baptist ministers were true to the no-ble history of the Baptist denomination on the question of liberty, both, civil and religious. We are always surprised when we hear a Bap-tist minister, as we sometimes do, favor the amendment, Da. J. P. THOMPSON, in his work entitled "Church and State in the United States," says: "Liberty of opinion, liberty of worship, lib-erty in all matters pertaining to religion, is not a privilege created or conceded by the State, but is a right inherent in the personality of the individual conscience; and the State is pledged not to interfere with that right. Such is the theory of the National Constitution." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever he uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name ur in fact. SINGLE COPY, per year, 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- paid - - - - - - - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 