216 A Mr.bilEEI a AN-  g1H_NeIVIENItru. VOL. 8, go. 27. NEW YORK, JULY 6, 1893. ANY One receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. JUNE 26, two more Adventists, M. A. Bryan and Geo. W. Marvell, were ar-rested at Ford's Store, Queen Anne's County, Md., for Sunday work. Mary-land seems determined to outdo Tennessee in the nefarious work of religious perse-cution. As usual all the facts connected with these cases show that the arrests were made to satisfy religious bigotry. The warrants were both sworn out by members of other churches. THE Christian Statesman is opposed to bicycle riding on Sunday, but says :Š As the solitary cycler is his own driver and con-ductor and requires no other person to work to furnish his Sunday pleasure, and does not make traffic, if he owns his cycle and no race is on, and does not directly promote noise and crime, the civil law should not interfere, but he should be urged to consider the laws of conscience or at least of courtesy. Then why should the law interfere with the man who husks corn on Sunday, or with the woman who sews? or with any-body else who attends to his own affairs without interfering with others? Ł N. B. CAPPS, a Seventh-day Adventist of Weakley County, Tenn., was found guilty on the 27th ult., of maintaining a nuisance by Sunday work. We are not informed what course the case will take. This case was referred to in these columns two weeks ago as being in Carroll County. The mistake was due to the fact that the letter conveying news of the arrest was written from Trezevant, which is in Car-roll County. The statement was made thus : " N. B. Capps, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist has been arrested here," etc. Our friends are requested to be very definite in giving us information. SUNDAY opening of the Columbian Ex-position does not appear to be the great success that was anticipated. June 25, the paid admissions were only 62,028, while for the three preceding days the average attendance was 120,000. THE advocates of Sunday closing, from a religious standpoint, of course seek to make it appear that the small Sunday attendance is largely due to the respect which the masses entertain for the day itself ; and in some communities this might be accepted as the proper explana-tion, but it is scarcely true of Chicago. The true reason will probably be found in the fact that on Sunday twenty-eight  State and thirteen national buildings are closed, while a large number of individual exhibits are covered. IMMEDIATELY after the decision of the Court of Appeals permitting the Fair to be opened on Sundays, Attorney-General Olney was credited with the opinion that as every appropriation made by the Gov-ernment was coupled with the Sunday-closing proviso, the decision might result in closing permanently every Government exhibit, and that in any event no more Government money could be used for the Fair. Now it is stated that the Attorney-General is of the opinion that the several appropriations made by Act of Congress, approved August 5, 1891, in aid of the World's Fair, Chicago, including the appropriation made for a Government exhibit, " are as available now as before the decision of the Circuit Court of Appeals permanently opening the World's Fair on Sunday," with the single exception that no more money ought to be paid to the Illinois corporation known as the "World's Columbian Exposition." THE supposed sanctity of Sunday ob-truded itself even into the famous murder trial recently concluded at New Bedford, Mass., and was used by the prosecuting attorney to score a point against the pris-oner, who had on a Sunday morning burned a certain dress supposed by the police to be stained with the blood of the victims. The prisoner's sister had asked what she was doing. Repeating this question to the jury, the attorney said, " Why the morning of the Sabbath should have been selected to burn that dress was sufficient to cause her to ask the question." But as " desecration " of Sunday is not a capital offense even in Massachusetts, the jury found the accused not guilty, notwith-standing the fact that she burned an old dress on that day. IT is gratifying to know. that some at least, of those who are zealous for Sun-day closing of the Fair do not fly into a fit of resentment on learning that the Fair is to be open, and widen what they con-sider a breach of the law, by identifying themselves with worse than contract breakers, namely, with conspiratorsŠwho are criminalsŠand by urging upon all " Christian people " the imperative duty of boycotting " an institution which de-bases itself by desecrating the Sabbath in violation of the law of God and the law of the State." The Chicago Interior (Presbyterian), after setting forth the evils, in its view of Sunday opening, especially the disgrace sure to revert upon Chicago, queries thus :Š But shall we boycott the Fair ? Not unless we wish to give our sanction to the worst development of anarchistic tyranny. The Fair is ours. The people paid for it. Because we cannot prevent abuses is no reason why we should be deprived of just and lawful uses. This is condemning the dishonorable  boycott in even stronger language than has the SENTINEL, but no stronger than it deserves. The evil indicated is all in it. The use of the boycott is virtually an attempt to cover up by a really great evil what those who employ it simply consider an evil, but which is not so in reality. In fact this whole work of securing Sunday legislation is a veritable piece of Jesuitical sophistryŠthat the means is justified by the end. Without speaking of how the means might work vastly more harm than could be compensated by the end, even if the end were a good one, history, reason, and the Scriptures force the conclusion that the end of Sunday legislation is evil. No one will allow that righteous means will produce evil results. Then, since the means is evil, and the end is evil, where can the good come in ? " Do they not err that devise evil ? " THE Present Truth, a London paper, has this note : " A joint committee of the two Houses of the Convocation of Canterbury have made an elaborate report on Sunday recreation and the Sunday opening of muse-ums. In the main they make no objection. They thought, however, that it is vital to the safety of the `English Sunday' that no library, museum, gallery, etc., should be open for pay. They think that free opening, to a moderate extent, is compatible with the spirit of the fourth commandment, but utterly fail to indicate how there can be any possible connection between the fourth commandment and the English Sunday." No. 10, of the Religious Liberty Li-brary, just out, discusses in a practical way " Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question." This tract is a complete refu-tation of the claim so confidently made by many that Sunday laws and anti-polygamy legislation rest on the same grounds, and are equally justifiable. It is a dispassion-ate arraignment of polygamy as an inva-sion of natural rights, and a logical defense of the right of every man to keep any day or no day as a season of rest or worship. 20 pages; price, 24- cents. AddressŠReligious Liberty Association, 271 West Main Street, Battle Creek, Mich. THE Sabbath Outlook has changed its name and now appears weekly as the Evangel and Sabbath Outlook. Its editor, Dr. A. H. Lewis, is doing excellent work in his line. The SENTINEL wishes the Evangel increased prosperity and usefulness. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per Tear, 25 to 99 " " " " ' - - - - 90c - 80c 64 100 to 249 " " " " 64 .. The 44  250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 46  500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c 1000 or more " " " 44 '. - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 