AMERICAN SENTINEL. s 643 power is spoken of which should perform miracles in the endeavor to cause the people to "worship the image of the beast," and it is said of it that "he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads; and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." The Sabbath is declared in the Scriptures to be the sign of the true GodŠhe who has creative power. Its observance constitutes a mark upon those who are his people. See Eze. 20:12,20. The Sabbath of the Lord is the seventh day of the week. On the other hand is the Sunday,, which is claimed by the papacy as the sign of her spiritual power, and the observance of which properly constitutes a mark of ad-herence to her. In proportion as the clash between Christianity and the would-be religious monopoly be-comes more fierce, these opposing marks will acquire more prominence in the field of controversy. They will become the standards, as it were, at the head of the con-tending forces. Every opposer of monopolies should understand that in opposing the worst of all monopolies he is called to take his stand on the side of Christianity. Christianity favors no monopoly. Its whole aim is to bestow freedom, Što exalt the race, as individuals, to the plane of that independence of thought and action which is consistent with the highest human welfare. What is Righteousness ? THE "National Christian Citizenship League," in its "proclamation" and call for a million volunteers to for-ward the "Christian citizenship" cause, appeals to "the pure minded, true-hearted men and women of the Repub-lic who believe with Charles Sumner that `righteousness is preservation.'" As it is undoubtedly true that "right-eousness is preservation," and as the class of individuals to whom the league appeals recognize this fact, it is as-sumed that they will join in the Christian citizenship movement, as the proper method of giving practical ex-pression to this belief. But to say simply that "righteousness is preserva-tion" without any additional words of qualification, is but to give expression'to a "glittering generality," and one which fails to furnish any indorsement or justifica-tion of the "Christian citizenship" campaign. What is righteousness? The only authority to which*  we can turn for an answer to the question, is the Word of God. There we find it stated that "all unrighteousness is sin," and that "sin is the transgression of the law." 1 John 3:4; 5:17. From this it is clear that righteousness is the keeping of the law. But it.is  also written that "by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in His sight: for by the law is thelnowledge of sin." Rom. 3 :  20. This is because all flesh is by nature "under the law" and "guilty before God," having fallen in the transgres-sion of Adam. "But now," the apostle adds. "the right-eousness of God without the law is manifested, being wit-nessed by the law and the prophets; even the righteous-ness of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all- them that believe; for there is no difference; . . . being justified freely by his grace through the re- demption that is in Christ Jesus." Verses 21-24. Therefore apart from faith in Jesus Christ, there is no righteousness for any being on the earth. Righteous-ness, as it must be known by every person who has it, means the result of faith in Jesus Christ, and the state-ment that "righteousness is preservation" means that there is preservation in the faith of Christ. And this is very true. He who fights "the good fight of faith" lays "hold on eternal life." 1 Tim. 6:12. Jesus said that whosoever should lose his life for his sake should preserve it. He who gives away treasure through faith in Christ, preserves the same "where moth and rust do not corrupt," and where riches will never take to themselves wings and fly away. But what has all this to do with "Christian citizen-ship"? What has it to do with the preservation of the government or institutions of the country in which "citi-zenship" is held? Of what significance to these is the statement that "righteousness is preservation"? For it is evident from the nature of righteousness, as set forth in the foregoing texts, that it is not a thing that can be applied to these at all. Whatever preservation they are to have, they must obtain in another way. Faith is the one and only source of righteousness. And faith is not a profession, it is not anything that can be set forth in legal or political documents; it is an ac-tuating, governing principle of life, sent to save the indi-vidual sinner, and applicable alone to him. "Hast thou faith? have it to thyself before God." The Only Remedy. THERE is one sure remedy and only one, for the ever-present conflict of capital and labor: and that is stated in the following, taken from one of our religious ex-changes:Š " And, behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and said to the reapers, The Lord be with you. And they an-swered him, The Lord bless thee.' Ruth 2:4. There was no conflict there between capital and labor; nor will there ever be when such expressions can be used between employer and employes, not as a' matter of form, but from the heart. When masters remember that they have a Master in heaven, who is no respecter of persons, and servants remember that they serve the'Lord Christ, there can be no clashing. But only the Spirit of God 'in the heart can bring this about. Strikes, wars, and fight-ings will go on as long as evil desires reign in the human heart." 