372 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Another fact that ought to give pause to the zeal of those who parrot-like are repeating the false state-ment that regular weekly rest has been found to be a physical necessity, was stated by Bishop Andrews of the Methodist Episcopal Church, March i 1, 1890, in a public meeting in New York City, at which the writ-er was present. The Bishop had but recently returned from a missionary tour, and speaking of China said, "In that country they have no Sabbath ; yet laboring men live to be very old." The Bishop added that he did not understand it, but that it was nevertheless a fact. This statement was made by Bishop Andrews in a meeting held under the auspices of the American Sab-bath Union, but with no intention of discrediting the physical-necessity argument. But facts have always been unkind to falsehood, and so the blow was no less deadly because given by a friendly hand. The truth is that "physical necessity" is only used to obscure the real principle involved. Religious leg-islation has no standing in constitutional law in this country, therefore it must be made to appear that Sun-day laws are not religious in their design, but intended only to meet certain "civil" ends. But this leaflet which we are examining reveals its true character even more plainly in other things. On page three we find this : "Blackstone says, 'A corrup-tion of morals usually follows a profaning of the Sab-bath.' " And this is just exactly what Sunday laws are for, namely to guard "morals," which is only another way of saying that they are enacted and enforced in the interests of religion. The very first definition of the word "moral" is : "Of or pertaining to the practice, conduct, and spirit of men toward God, themselves, and their fellowmen, with reference to right and wrong and to obligation to duty."ŠStandard. Notice, morals have to do with one's relations to God, and with right and wrong, not with rights and wrongs. It is no wonder that Blackstone treats of "Sabbath-breaking" (by which he means treating Sun-day as a common day) under the heading of "offenses against God and Religion." That is all that Black-stone saw in it ; and that is just what the Sunday laws of his day were designed to punish ; and their purpose is just the same to-day. The leopard of religious leg- islation has not changed its spots. B. The power that would invade the conscience of but one individual, must be prepared to meet and over-come the throne of God. The rights of conscience can-not be set aside without also setting aside the rights of God. "Works of Necessity." What are works of "necessity" within the meaning of the Sunday statutes of the several States ? for with-out exception they all contain the saving clause, "Works of necessity and charity excepted," or words to the same effect. Even a very superficial examination of the subject will convince any one that it is exceedingly hard to dis-tinguish between convenience and necessity. In fact, what to one may seem an absolute necessity may, to another, be only a luxury, or a convenience. For in-stance, to the one reared in the enjoyment of even the more common luxuries of civilized life, a frequent bath is a necessity. Without it life would not be worth living, health would be impaired and bodily comfort would be impossible. And yet there are thousands of people in every 'country who seldom bathe, who are never clean, and who do not regard frequent bathing as at all necessary. Take another example. Two farmers live in the same neighborhood. The one has an abundance of hay already stored in his barns or secured in the stack. He has, however, a few tons still in the field, which, if saved, would add to his profits for the year, but not,  at all necessary either to his own comfort or support, or to the proper care of his stock. His neighbor has not so much hay,-  and a larger proportion of his crop is still in the field. It is essential to the support .of his family and to the proper care of his stock that this hay be saved. It is Sunday and all the indications are that the night will bring rain. They both work to save their hay. They are both prosecuted for breach of the civil law. Both make the defense of "necessity." Is it equally good in both cases ? or must the one farmer suffer the penalty while the other goes free? In the one case it is simply a question of adding a few more dollars to the profits of the year ; in the other it is not a question of profit but of providing necessary food not only for cattle but indirectly for human beings. Another case not an imaginary but a real one pre-sents a slightly different phase of this subject; not a question of monetary profit, but of which is the more necessary, that a corporation make larger profits on its business or that the individual preserve a conscience void of offense toward God. The Sunday law of Tennessee prohibits the "doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life, or of causing or permitting the same to be done by his children or servants, acts of real charity or necessity excepted, on Sunday." In that State are two classes of people who have sought to avail themselves of this saving clause, touch-ing "acts of real necessity." These two classes are, first, corporations operating railroads, smelting fur- 