JULY 23, 1896. A..I'OITEIR,1CCA.N SIEIVIr IVTP131Ši 229 tion, provision was made for holding what were called Good Citizenship Meetings, and the time fixed was Thursday evening, July 9. Meetings were held at a number of places in addition to the three tents, and were addressed by the following speakers: Miss Anna Acker-man, of Chicago--Subject, " The Christian Citizen's Responsibility; " Rev. Franklin Hamilton, Newtonville, Mass.ŠSubject, "The New Patriotism;" Rev. D. F. McGillŠSub-ject, " A Christian Citizenship Platform; " S. E. Nicholson, Kokomo, [nd.ŠSubject, " Christian Citizenship in Politics; " Rev. If. H. Russell, Columbus, OhioŠSubject, "Chris-tian Politics and the Saloon;" and many others, including Rev. C. H. Mead, of New York; Rev. R. S. McArthur, of New York; and P. S. Henson, of Chicago. The effort of each of the orators was to impress the young people with the idea that the numbers of the Endeavor Society ought to make politics the leading branch of their religious work. One speaker counselled that they leave the prayer-meeting in the hands of the women and children and go to the Primaries, the Convention and the Polls, turn the bad poli-tician out, and put the good citizen in his place. Rev. Howard Russell regaled his hear-ers with a recital of how the power of the " Good Citizen's League," a factor of the Christian Endeavor, had been exerted in the State of Ohio to dethrone certain officials dis-tasteful to them, and fill the places with those in every way satisfactory. He urged the members of the society everywhere to go and do likewise. The evident purpose of these religio-political leaders is to wheel the vast body of would-be followers of the meek and lowly Jesus into line to work for the political elevation of some lovers of worldly honor. Another feature of the convention was the effort to secure the cooperation of the entire body in support of Sunday legislation. The Sabbath Observance Committee held meet-ings in various parts of the city at the head-quarters of the different State and National delegations in the interest of their scheme. On Sunday, July 12, a general meeting was held at Central Hall in the interest of Sun-day observance. The meeting was addressed by Rev. J. E. Gilbert, of Washington, D. C., Mrs. Henry T. McEwin, of New York, Rev. J. B. Davidson, of Milwaukee, Wis., Rev. Alexander Alison, of New York City, and Wilbur F. Crafts, of Washington. It may be said to the credit of the Endeav-orers that comparatively few of the thirty thousand in the city gave their endorsement to the Sunday-law movement by their pres-ence. The small attendance of the delegates seemed to dampen the ardor of the projectors, and they contented themselves with making some strong addresses. The resolutions and petitions that were ex-pected were omitted. One of the speakers declared that the Jew should be compelled to observe the Christian sabbath, according to his own law, for he is now the stranger within our gates. "The law for the individual must be the law for every man." Dr. Crafts urged the organization of the Endeavorers for local work in enforcing Sun-day observance, and to secure the closing of post-offices on Sunday, by petition to the postmaster-general, by boycott, or any other means that could be made effectual. The tone of the oration from the public desk was a clear indication of an overwhelming desire to transform this great Christian Endeavor Society into a political party. Oh, that this mighty host might devote all its God-given energy to the proclamation of the gospel of the Son of God, and to saving  men and women from the world and sin to become the followers of Him who said, " My kingdom is not of this world." " CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR," ALIAS DENUNCI-ATION OF THE U. S. GOVERNMENT. No stranger scene, perhaps, was presented at the Christian Endeavor convention at Washington, than that in tent "Washington," on the closing day of the session, when Evan-gelist B. Fay Mills addressed a vast audience on the subject of American responsibility for the atrocities in Armenia. The Endeavorers had been prepared for the occasion by the work of the Armenian Relief Committee, which had worked busily from the first to stir np the enthusiasm of the delegates. Three Armenian missionaries were present, also, two of them being ladies just returned from the scene of the barbarities. As one of these ladies was presented to the audience, her com-panion missionary wrapped her in the folds of the American flag, which incident drew repeated cheers from the assembly. Then followed the impassioned address of B. Fay Mills. We quote from the N. Y. Sun, of July 14:Š " Had our noble President on one of his fishing ex-cursions," he said, " wandered into the Turkish do-main, and had so much as a tiny little bullet from a Turk's play pistol passed through his sail, Americans would have found that it was some of our business to interfere in Turkish affairs. [Great applause and laughter.] I charge the Government of the United States with misrepresentation of the enlightened sen-timent of the American people in this matter. The President of the United States, the Secretary of State, and the American Minister, have disregarded our broken treaties; they have permitted American lives to be endangered; they have permitted American prop-erty to be destroyed without reparation, and American citizens to be imprisoned. " Our Government has stirred the passions of the American people to anger against England on the one-thousandth part of the pretext that would have sufficed for a destructive war with Turkey. The ad-ministration officers have turned a deaf and almost scornful ear to the entreaties and representations of some of our best citizens, missionaries, churches, and moral societies, and I denounce their conduct as un-patriotic, uncivil, undemocratic, unrepublican, un-American, unchristian, selfish, weak, wicked, barbaric, and criminal in the eyes of the American people and of God and all men." Of the reception given these utterances by the vast audience of Endeavorers, it is said:Š Every word, almost, of these last sentences of Mr. Mills was greeted by a loud cheer. Men and women on the platform behind him and in the benches before him rose and shouted their hearty approval of the denunciation of President Cleveland. In the midst of the solemn charge of cowardice and disloyalty lev-elled at the Chief Executive, the Secretary of State, and the Turkish Minister, the whole audience arose spontaneously, waving flags and banners and crying aloud their approval. As Mr. Mills proceeded they kept on their feet repeating the cheer of indorsement at every adjective. Finally, when his voice and man-ner indicated that he had reached the end of his pe-riod, six rousing cheers of approval were given. Dr. Wayland Hoyt, who presided, arose in his seat beside the speaker and called upon the audience to reaffirm the charge. Again came the six cheers, with hearty enthusiasm. And this is Christian endeavor! To denounce a government and hurl at its chief executive and his associates in office all manner of opproprious epithets for failing to make armed intervention in the affairs of an-other nation to protect American property and the lives of the missionaries, is truly an eminently Christian(?) proceeding! , We read that Jesus Christ rebuked the Scribes and Pharisees for their hypocrisy, but we find no instance where he denounced any government or State official for not being suf-ficiently belligerent. We find no precept  coming from his lips which sanctions any such thing. The Saviour could read the hearts of his hearers, and he could denounce the sin which was there without ever in the least ex-ceeding the bounds of truth and justice; but short-sighted, sinful man is ever ready to denounce his fellowmen without any exact knowledge of either the facts or motives con-cerned, and without any reference to the effect of his denunciations as regards the cause of divine truth. "The wrath of man," we read, " worketh not the righteousness of God." James 1 :20. Indeed, there is nothing more clear from the testimony of Scripture, than that any de-nunciation of man by his fellowman is an un-christian act. The Christian is to denounce sin, but not the sinner. And in his denunci-ation of sin, he must be guided strictly by the word of God which points out sin; he must not assume to define sin from his own concep-tions of right. His attitude, as a Christian, toward his fellows, without respect of persons, must be that of seeking to induce them to be-come reconciled to God. As Jesus Christ came not to save govern-ments, so neither did he denounce them, nor authorize his followers to do so. The denun-ciatory address of Evangelist Mills at the Washington convention was no part of Chris-tian work. And the demonstration which greeted his words in the name of Christian endeavor, betokens a misguided zeal which augurs ill for the success of Endeavor work, from a Christian standpoint. s. CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR SABBATARIANISM;* A PROTEST. [The Washington (D. C.) Post, July 13.] MANY persons interested in the anti-Sunday law movement came together yesterday after-noon at McCauley's Hall, 209 Pennsylvania Avenue, Southeast, to hear addresses by men prominent among them. F. B. Woodbury presided and made the opening address, after ; the audience had sung "My Country`is of Thee." Mr. Woodbury said:Š " We have gathered here once more to pro-test against the endeavor of a minority to control the majority, to take from them their constitutional rights, and enforce Sabbata-rianism." Mr. Woodbury referred to the Christian Endeavor convention, and said that one half or more of the young Christian sold-iers were not Sunday extremists or " God-in-the-Constitution" people. " We ought to rejoice," he said, " in the extremists being squelched, even in the great Methodist con- , ventions and the Christian Endeavor meet-ings. More and more men realize that few saints are made by and through law. The Christian Endeavor movement has come to the place where it must choose one of two roadsŠthat of endeavoring to compel men by law to do the things they choose to believe right, or of preaching and praying under the same banner. ' We mind our own busi-ness.' If extremists are not allowed to dic-tate the policy of the society, it has a grand future. We now implore the managers of the Christian Endeavor Societies to turn a deaf ear to the National Reform Association and all the societies of Protestant Jesuits. The majority of people will not criticise the Christian Endeavor movement if the society keep its hands off the liberties of the masses." Rev. Allen Moon, of the International Re-ligious Liberty Association, and a Seventh-day * By "Sabbatariamism" is here meant, not regard for the Sabbath institution, but the doctrine of Sabbath enforcement by human law. 