312 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. *1111,1111111111111111111111111111111LIIIWAILUI1/111111111111111111111aill* INEWS, NOTES I AND COMMENT I 4-11111MITTYYMITTIMITIMITYMYTITITYYYMT1111111111111MMffff/M* A press item says that "hereafter the clergymen of Council Bluffs will not attend funerals on Sunday. The people of that city will please govern themselves ac-cordingly and postpone dying the latter part of the week." * * * The changed attitude of Methodist church leaders toward worldly amusements as related to the church discipline, is indicated by the following, spoken before the Methodist conference in Chicago by Prof. C. W. Pearson, of the Northwestern University : "Our present opposition to science and to progres-sive biblical scholarship alienates the educated and thoughtful ; our present apathy in regard to social questions keeps away the wage-earning classes and the poor; our present attitude toward amusements repels all healthy and cultured people, and especially the young and joyous, to whose best development innocent amusements are as necessary as instruction and work." By letting down the bars against "progressive bibli-cal scholarship"Šthat is, the "higher criticism"Šand against "amusements"Šwhich means theater-going, card parties, etc., the church will not "repel" so many people and probably will not suffer a loss in membership as was the case last year; but such means of increasing church membership contrast sharply with those employed with such marvelous results by the apostles and the early Christian church. * * * The often-asserted but frequently denied alliance between this country and England refuses to down. The discussion of the question has been revived by the following language attributed to Ambassador Choate at a recent dinner in London : "From people who have such mutual interests as these [American and British] you do not need loud professions of friendship. It would be hard, indeed, to dissolve such ties [as those between America and England], and actions speak louder than words." Commenting upon this utterance the Inter Ocean, a strong administration organ, says : "Joseph Choate is this country's chief diplomatic representative abroad. Therefore his public utterances must always be meas-ured by the diplomatic standard. Measured by that standard, his words can mean nothing less than that a diplomatic understandingŠactual and bindingŠexists between the governments of the United States and Great Britain." The Inter Ocean hastens to deny that 'any such understanding does exist, and to roundly denounce Mr. Choate for intimating such a thing. Meanwhile the people generally are left in uncertainty concerning the matter, but with the growing conviction that Mr. Choate's words did not belie the facts. The present situation in two large districts of the British empire affords a crucial test of the character of the "Christianity" of "Christian nations," of which Great Britain stands a conspicuous example. The two districts in question are India and South Africa. The British nation is spending millions in killing men in South Africa, while millions of its subjects in India are dying from starvation. The figures are given by a writer in the Springfield Republican, thus : "The Boer war up to April I had cost the British government about $100,000,000. This is at the rate of nearly $20,000,000 a month. It was stated by one of the speakers at the New York missionary confer-ence Sunday night that $1 a month would suffice to support the life of a single person in the famine district of India. Thus it may be said that the British govern-ment is currently expending enough money in killing people in South Africa for the sake of crushing their liberty, to feed 20,000,000 of its starving subjects in India, where, with outside aid, less than 6,000,000 are being cared for." * Concerning the famine in India, the question has been asked, "Could it not have been prevented in some way by the government ?" To this inquiry Rev. Rock-well Clancy responds in the Christian Endeavor World : "If government could control the weather, then it might be possible to prevent famine. India is depend-ent on the great monsoon for its harvests. The mon-soon blows over the land from the Indian Ocean, and first touches the southwest coast during the latter part of June, and, then spreads over the country. The rains should continue till the end of September. The failure of the monsoon means famine." Of course government cannot control the weather in any degree, and hence cannot prevent failure of crops ; but the amount of money spent in organizing, drilling, equipping, and maintaining armies, and in building and maintaining navies would far more than suffice to relieve all the distress caused by famine in these days of rapid communication, when all the world is no larger, practically, than a, single state a hundred years ago. And this to say nothing of the increased production if the men now withdrawn from industrial pursuits to learn the art of destroying life, were en-gaged in producing those thingslkhich sustain life. If the money which England is spending in the South African war were being spent in India in feeding the starving people, there would be no famine. It is true 