AMERICAN SENTINEL. 795 Papal Victory in Russia. PAPAL diplomacy has won a great triumph in Rus-sia. In return for the help of the pope in reconciling Polish Catholics to the czar's government, the pope is to be permitted to establish a special "mission" at St. Petersburg. The N. Y. Sun prints a dispatch dated at Rome, November 18, which says:Š "The czar of Russia has now taken a final decision, the religious and diplomatic importance of which can be misunderstood by no one; it is to allow the estab-lishment at St. Petersburg of an extraordinary papal mission. The history of this affair is peculiarly interest-ing. At the beginning of the year the czar understood perfectly how fruitful would be a closer collaboration between Russia and the papacy. "The national appeasement of Poland, the reaction which a policy of intimacy with Rome would have on the Slav races and on the Balkan peoples, the close connec-tion between ecclesiastical questions and foreign poli-tics, the subordination of former struggles and internal revolutions to a gradual realization of Russia's mission in history, his deep admiration for the pacifying spirit of Leo XIII., the identity of the Roman questions with the aims of the Franco-Russian alliance; all these inter-ests induced the sovereign to cultivate the friendship of the Holy See." Cuba to Be Annexed. THE eventuality of the annexation of Cuba, which at first was but a distant and shadowy possibility, is steadily looming up nearer and clearer upon the horizon of coming events. This, for illustration, is what is now said by Washington correspondents of the New York papers:Š "WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.ŠMajor-General Leonard Wood, U. S. V., was to-day appointed military governor of Cuba. The order making this assignment relieves General Brooke, a major-general in the regular army, both as commander of the division of Cuba and as mili-tary governor of the island. "This move is specifically intended to utilize General Wood's popularity with the Cubans for the purpose of paving the way for the ultimate annexation of the island. "The incumbency of General Wood, in a word, is the beginning of a Republican programme which has for its aim the assimilation of Cuba. This is the opinion of both Republican and Democratic higher officials and legislators here." Elections are to be held in the island in April next, by which time the census will have been completed; then a convention of Cuban's representatives will be called, to frame a constitution as a basis of government. Then legislators will be chosen and "it is possible that the question of annexation will be submitted to the inhab-itants of Cuba at the same time." So this word from Washington informs us. The new Cuban government, we are further told, will not in any ease be independent; but "will be adminis-tratively established with American supervision and authority." And "a year thereafter [if not before] the question of annexation is expected to be answered in the affirmative." Opportunity for Home Expansion. IN connection with the statements received from time to time showing the enormous price that is being paid for the acquisition of Asiatic island territory al-ready thickly populated, it is interesting to note the extent of the opportunity that still remains for peace-able expansion at home. We quote from the New York World:Š "Mr. Hitchcock, the Secretary of the Interior, re-ports:Š "FirstŠThat the United States still have on this continent 1,562,500 square miles of public lands that have not been taken up for settlement or developmentŠabout one third of our total area, a domain greater than that of the Roman Empire at the height of its glory. "SecondŠThat there are in the United States, on this continent, in the most favorable parts of the tem-perate zone, 115,625 square miles of arid lands 'which would be highly productive under a proper system of irrigation.' Mr. Hitchcock goes on to say, 'That this area should remain a desert is not in keeping with the progressive spirit of the age. These 115,625 square miles constitute a domain greater than the entire Philippine group, a domain capable of maintaining a population of intelligent white American citizens of not less than 20,000,000. "Here is a chance for expansion that will cost little money and no lives, that will be an addition to the wealth and the power of the American people. But then there is no 'glory' in that kind of expansion." Glorying in Murder. New York "World." THE massacre at Elands Laagte cannot be palliated by pleading that the British were so intoxicated with the divine afflatus of the "strenuous life of glory" that they could not bring themselves down to the level of commonplace, everyday life before they had butchered sixty human beings, on their knees, pleading for mercy. Neither can it be excused on the plea that the Boers are brutes, unfit to live. For if that is so, how could Gen. York leave the dying Gen. Symons and the other wounded and dying British to the care of the Boers at Glencoe? And further, for several days after the massacre, 