TIE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 61 its trust, cannot carry out, in spirit even, the directly antagonistic idea of the Ser-mon on the Mount? Na'y, is it not true that under analogous circumstances Š namely, when acting as a trustee for the rights'and interests of othersŠthe precepts of the Sermon on the Mount do not apply and were not intended to apply to the pri-vate individual ? Take the case of A. B., who is trustee or guardian for C. D. and E. F. Is he morally justified in giving away or in allowing any one to take away their possessions.? Assuredly Ł he is not. So long as hit continues to be theirs trustee he is morally bound to maintain and de-fend these against' all comers. He may allow the taking away of his own cloak and his own coat, but he has no right to allow the taking away of theirs. He may bestow all his own goods to feed the poor, but he has no right thus to bestow their goods, simply because they are theirs and not his. Quite apart, therefore, from the question, yet to be considered, as to how the individual is required by the Sermon on thg Mount to deal ;with his own rights and possessions, it is clear that it gives him no directions as to how he is to deal with the rights and possessions of others. "A State is something else and something more than a collection of individuals; and a Christian State, whatever that may mean (and that is a very large question), though bound by all those precepts of Christ which may be addressed to it as a State, is not theref9re bound to obey all those 'which are addressed to its members in their several and diverse relations and capacities. A State is not morally justified in refusing to resist or prevent invasionŠ s. to, wage defensive warŠbecause it would thereby be betraying to destruction the lives and properties of its subjects; it is not morally justified in expending all its revenues in pure benevolence, because it would thereby be applying those revenues to purposes for which they were not in-trusted to it; it would not be morally jus-tified in forgiving out of mere compassion all or any of its criminals, because it would thereby be weakening or even destroying those sanctions of order and of law which it is its duty to maintain and to enforce. In all these respectsŠand they might be largely multipliedŠthe State, if it were to act in the spirit of the Sermon on the Mount,would be failing to discharge func-tions which are given it, as we believe, of God himself, who, we Christians hold, has `ordained the powers that be,' and so would be breaking a law which God as-suredly has given it in the vain attempt at obeying laws which Christ has never given it. I venture, therefore, not only to repeat 'but to enlarge upon my first `odious' and 'immoral' utterance, and to affirm not only that the State cannot but that it ought not to carry out in all its relationsŠeither in the letter or in the spiritŠall the precepts in the Sermon on the Mount, inasmuch as these were not all of them addressed to it by him who gave them." (To be conti/nued.) Religious Liberty in Rhode Island,1636. UNLIKE the other American Colonies, Rhode Island enjoy.ed the privileges of entire liberty of conscience from the time'  of the foundation of the commonwealth. Roger Williams, its founder, believed that God alone had to do with the heart of man, and that it was " unlawful for the magis-trate to meddle with the breaches of the first table" (i. e., with violations of the four first commandments, which have only to do with our relation to God). Accord-ingly, he founded the first commonwealth the world had ever known on the prin-ciples of individual right of conscience; and may be justly called The First Amer-ican, which title does him more honor than if he had held the highest office the Col- onies could afford. From the publications of the Narragan- sett Historical Society, I take the follow- ing :Š Roger Williams, says Professor Gervinus, in his recent "Introduction to the History of the Nine-teenth Century," * founded, in 1636, a small new society in Rhode Island, upon the principles of entire liberty of conscience, and the uncontrolled power of the majority in secular concerns. . . . The theories of freedom in Church and State taught in the schools of philosophy in Europe, were here brought into practice in the government of a small community. It was prophesied that the democratic attempts to obtain universal suffrage, a general elect-ive franchise, annual parliaments, entire religious freedom, and the Miltonian right of schism, would be of short duration. But these institutions have not only maintained themselves here, but have spread over the whole Union. They have superseded the aristocratic commencements of Carolina and New York, the high-church party in Virginia, the theocracy in Massachusetts, and the monarchy throughout America; they have given laws to one quarter of the globe; and, dreaded for their moral influence, they stand in the background of every democratic struggle in Europe. The founder of Rhode Island not only belitved in every individual having the right of conscience, but he believed in every individual (the Indian as well as the white man) having all his inalienable rights. Consequently, he contended that the patent from the king, depriving the Indian of his land without his consent thereto, was sinful; and hence, like Penn, he purchased his land from the native in-habitants. His study of the teachings of Christ (for he was a devoted Christian and close Bible student) gave him a clear un-derstanding of the inherent rights of man-kind and the proper sphere of government. It was Christ himself who said, " My king-dom is not of this world"; and "Render, therefore, unto Cesar the things which Are Caesar's, and unto God the things that 'are God's." George Bancroft, justly meriting the eminence which he has gained for his crit-ical and diligent research, as well as graph-ical description, truly says :Š The annals of Rhode Island, if written in the spirit of philosophy, would exhibit the forms of so-ciety under a peculiar aspect. Had the territory of the State corresponded to the importance and sin- * Translated from the German. H. G. Bohn, Lon-don, 1868, page 65,  gularity of the principles of its early existence, the world would have been filled with wonder at the phenomena of its'history. Again, the historian says :Š The land which was now [1636] occupied by Wil-liams, was within the territory of the Narragansett Indians; it was not long before an Indian deed [dated March 24, 1638] made him the undisputed possessor of an extensive domain Nothing displays more clearly the character of Roger Williams than the use which he made of his acquisition of territory. The soil he could claim as his own, as truly as any man's coat upon his back; and he reserved to him-self not one foot of land, not one tittle of political power, more than he granted to servants and, strangers. He gave away his lands and other estate to them that he thought were most in want, until he gave away all. He chose to found a com-monwealth in the unmixed forms of a pure de-mocracy, where the will of the majority should govern the State, yet " only in civil things." God alone was respected as the ruler of conscience. Thus it was that the grand institutions of the great American Republic had their birth. These principles were afterward fostered and encouraged by various com-monwealths, and by such men as Wash-ingtorr, Jefferson, Madison, and their fel-low-statesmen; and, finally found a place in the Constitution of the United States of America. Well may the American people feel proud of their country. And every free-man should watch with a jealous eye, lest these principles, which have raised this nation above any other nation on the face of the globe, should be set aside, and our national Government, even yet, legislate upon the subject of religion. W. A. BLAKELY. -0- Poor CaliforniaŠNo Sunday Law. REV. ASELM H. BROWN, writing from San Francisco to the Christian Intelli-gencer, on the " Moral Conflicts on the Pacific Coast," says of the Sunday :Š From careful observation and study of the churches, I believe the Sabbath [Sunday] is ob-served here by the resident Americans as faithfully as it is observed in other States by the same class of people. California has no Sabbath law, but such a law where it exists is not generally en-forced. Christian people would like to have one, and mean to secure it and enforce it. But, although without it, the Sabbath [Sunday] is by no means obliterated as a day of rest,Štourists from the East, among whom are many professing Christians. are not as careful as they should be in observing it. And then he mentions the example set by a distinguished clergyman and min-ister who was connected with a board of missions. Of the latter, one person said that " Mr. Ingersoll would not probably have set a worse example in breaking the Sabbath day." With reference to this testimony, we would note the following points : 1. It is in harmony with others which have been borne (Mr. Crafts to the contrary, not-withstanding) that Sunday is as well ob-served by Americans in no-Sunday-law California as other Sunday-law States. f Bancroft's " History of the United States," vol. i— pp. 380, 381. t From a letter of Daniel Williams, 