342 .A.AMEJEtICA_N SIENIPINM3Li VoL. 11, No. 43. but all is peace with us now. Would you believe it? John has not struck me for four weeks." An English paper makes a list of the wars of England since Queen Victoria ascended the throne. Here it is:Š Afghan war, 1838-40; first China war, 1841; Sikh war, 1845 46; Kaffir war, 1846; second war with China; second Afghan war, 1849; second Sikh war, 184849; Burmese war, 1850; second Kaffir war, 1851-52; second Burmese war, 1852 53; Crimea, 1854; third war with China, 1856-58; Indian Mutiny, 1857; Maori war, 1860-61; more wars with China, 1860 and 1862; second Maori war, 1863 66; Ashantee war, 1864; war in Bhootan, 1864; Abyssinian war, 1867-68; war with the Bazotees, 1868; third Maori war, 1868 69; war with Looshais, 1871; second Ashantee war, 1873-74; third Kaffir war, 1877; Zulu war, 1878 79; third Afghan war, 1878-80; war in Basutoland, 1879-81; Transvaal war, 1879 81; Egyptian war, 1882; Soudan, 1884-85 89; third Burmah war, 1885 92; Zanzibar, 1890; India, 1890; Matabele wars, 1894 and 1896 ; Chitral campaign, 1895; third Ashantee 'campaign, 1896; second Soudan campaign, 1896. Yet that is peace compared with any cor-responding period in England's history. War, however, horrible as it is in human his-tory thus far, has considerable to its credit as a peacemaker, and preparation for it is the main defense that any nation has "against sedition, privy conspiracy, and rebellion," and against the rapacity, envy, treachery, reckless-ness, and the revenge of other nations. THE PHILPOTT INDICTMENT QUASHED. Murfreesboro, Tenn., Oct., 21, 1896. EDITOR SENTINEL: The Philpott indict-ment was quashed this morning in short order. Whitaker & Sheaff, attorneys for the defendant, made the following plea:Š The defendant for plea says that the indictment pend-ing against him in this county returned by the Grand Jury at the June term, 1896, of this court, charging that he, the said Philpott, " on the 15th day of March, 1896, and divers other days before the finding of this indictment in said county and State of Ten-nessee, did engage in farm work, viz , plowing, haul-ing manure, rendering it exceedingly unpleasant to reside in the community of the said Philpott, to the manifest corruption of public morals, and so as to become a public nuisance to a large body of citizens living in the community, against the peace and dig-nity of the State," is not a valid indictment for the reason that the name of Byron Freeman appearing thereon as prosecutor was not signed by said Byron Freeman, nor was the signature thereof with his name as such prosecutor authorized by him. Wherefore, said defendant avows that there is no prosecutor upon said indictment, and this he is ready to.affirm, and be therefore prays that said alleged indictment be quashed. SHEAFE & WHITAKER, ALEXANDER PHILPOTT. Alexander Philpott makes oath that the matter and things alleged in his plea are true in substance and facts, to the best of his information and belief. ALEXANDER PHILPOTT. The State for plea joins issue on the above plea. GEO. F. CRONOR, Att. Gen, Pro. Tem. Mr. Freeman was then put on the stand and testified that he did not sign the indict-ment, nor did he authorize anyone to sign it for him; that the Grand Jury summoned him to appear before them, and he testified that he had seen Mr. Philpott at work on Sundays, and had signed his name to his tes-timony only, and that he was not prosecutor in the case. The judge at first suggested that he would make the attorney-general pros-ecutor ex-officio and proceed with the case, but Attorney Sheaff argued against this pro-cedure, and the judge held the indictment void and ordered the case thrown out of court. The court said that through "mistake" Free-man's name had been used as prosecutor instead of the proper prosecutor; but it is  very evident that the Grand Jury proposed to make Freeman prosecutor in the absence of any other, whether he so desired or not. They exercised inquisitorial power in the sphere prohibited by the law of Tennessee in secur-ing evidence, and were compelled to find a prosecutor to cover up their illegal procedure. No doubt this is not the first case of this kind in the history of persecution of Sabba-tarians in this State. The people at large in this community are opposed to the proceedings against Seventh-day Adventists and it is hoped that this will end further trouble for the present, at least. D. W. REAVIS. NEWS AND NOTES. THE announcement is made that "Thanksgiving Day" will hereafter be observed on the same date in both Canada and the United States. EVERY public officer in Corea is now required to keep Sunday as a day of rept. So says the July issue of The Defender, the organ of the New England "Sab-bath" League. THE N. Y. Independent, of October 22, publishes a report that a commission has been made or promised on government ground at West Point for the erection of a Catholic church. THE new papal delegate to America, Martinelli, is reported as saying recently that the pope was of the opinion that America would be, in the future, the strongest Catholic country in the world. AT Williamsport, Pa., recently, a petition with 500 signatures asking for the repeal of a city ordinance which forbids open cigar stores and ice cream saloons on Sundays, was defeated by a counter petition having 1,500 signatures. THE public free gymnasium at Douglas Park, Chi-cago, was opened by several Turner's societies Sun-day, the 11th inst., notwithstanding the resolutions and protests emanating from the ministers' union of that city. About 10,000 spectators were present on the occasion. A "Loan's day bicycle pledge" is being circulated among religious users of the wheel, and is obtaining numerous signatures. It binds the signer not to "use the bicycle on the Lord's day to attend meets, runs, or races; nor for mere pleasure riding, nor in such a way as to interfere with public quiet, personal rest, and divine worship." A DETROIT (Mich.) journal of recent date reports that considerable stir is being made among tax payers in that city by the introduction into the public schools of the new book of selected Bible readings, compiled by a committee in Chicago, consisting of a Jew, a Protestant, and a Roman Catholic. The readings are in use in the schools of Chicago and are designed for general use throughout the land. They recognize the Deity, and to a limited extent, Jesus Christ. The book has received the indorsement of many prominent men in religious and educational circles. A PRESS dispatch from Winnipeg, Manitoba, dated the 19th inst., gives the following news relative to the Manitoba school controversy :Š "A hitch has occurred in the conference at Ottawa for the settlement of the parochial school question. Premier Laurier and the Manitoba delegates had  agreed to the setting apart of half an hour a day in each school for religious teaching by Catholics, the belief being that this concession would be acceptable to both sides. But when the Protestant leaders here heard of it they made vigorous objection, declaring such a concession a violation of the national school principle. So the Manitoba Premier, Mr. Greenway, had to withdraw from this agreement; and now, as far as can be learned, no other scheme can be devised, and the settlement is as far off as ever." A REPORT of the recent Pennsylvania State Chris-tian Endeavor convention, held at Scranton, makes this announcement: "Christian Endeavor citizenship is now beginning a practical program with work for the preservation of the sabbath. The suggestions of Dr. Crafts that petitions be prepared for the closing of all post-offices on the sabbath, met with enthusi-astic response, and the State Secretary was instructed to prepare such petitions in blank as soon as possi-ble. Pennsylvania will be found in the lead in this important endeavor. Already Williamsport is moving in the matter with great energy." POPE LEo's commission to Martinelli, the successor of Satolli, concludes thus: "We command all whom it concerns to recognize in you as Apostolic Delegate the supreme power of the delegating pontiff. We command that they give youŁ aid, concurrence and obedience in all things, that they receive with rever-ence your salutary admonitions and orders. What-soever sentence or penalty you shall declare or inflict against those who oppose your authority we will rat-ify, and with the authority vested in us by the Lord will cause the same to be observed inviolably until condign satisfaction be made, notwithstanding con-stitutions and apostolic ordinances or any other thing to the contrary." WILL some enthusiastic ad'ocate of "Christian cit-izenship" please cite us to the scripture which com-mands the observance of the first day of the week? JESUS CHRIST'S idea of Christian citizenship is expressed in the words, "Whatsoever therefore ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Tflz acquisition by the Church of the control of the civil power, means always religious persecution. Never yet has the Church obtained such control with-out persecution following. HUMAN legislation cannot deal with sin; it cannot touch evil in the heart. It cannot draw or force any-one into the kingdom of God. "He that entereth not by the door [Christ] into the sheepfold, but climb-eth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber." "EVERY Christian Endeavor plan begins by con-sulting the pastor," is a suggestion made by the Phil-adelphia Union to local societies. It is well enough to consult the pastor, but we would suggest that every genuinely Christian plan of work begins by consult-ing God. There is a world of significance in the fact that Christian people to-day are so much more ready to take counsel of the pastor than of God's Word. ROMAN Catholics claim the apostle Peter as the first pope, and the "Christian Endeavor" organizations can with greater truth lay claim to him as the first one who sought to give practical effect to the doctrine for which they stand. Peter and John and other dis-ciples were with the Lord at the sea of Galilee, after his resurrection, and as Peter was following the Lord, after the latter had given him instruction to "feed my sheep," he turned and saw "the disciple whom Jesus loved following." "Peter seeing him saith to 