'1194101qtrt 16 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 2. NEW YORK, JANUARY 14, 1892. NormŠAny one receiving, the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE French Senate has, by a vote of four to one, "denounced the Romanists for jeopardizing social peace and the rights of the State;" and the Mail and Express comments that, " what is bad for the French Republic is doubly bad for the American." There is more truth in this comment than the Mail and Express would acknowledge, because, in America, it is the action of the Protestant Church and its different allied organizations, which is jeopardizing the rights of the State and the citizen. IN the countries to the south of us the questions of the relations of the Church to the State are more pronounced, in the light in which they appeal to the under-standing, than in this country. But the reason is that there the strife is an open one between the Roman Catholic Church and the State, while here it is between the State and the survival of Roman Catholic principles hidden in the Protestant Church. In Mexico an open conflict is reported to have broken out between the government and a Romish propaganda of monastic principles among the students of the sev-eral educational institutions; while de-spatches from Rome say that the Pope "will excommunicate President Peixotto, his Cabinet, and the members of the Brazil-lian Congress, unless measures are taken to renew the former relations between Church and State in Brazil." Italy, France, Rus-sia, and China, are also stirred deeply by questions which are mainly religious in their inception, and will prove purely re-ligious in their progressive development. All these are but various phases of the same religious agitation. ROBERT BAIRD, of Edinburgh, writing on "Religion in America" in the year 1843, having narrated the story of the discovery and early settlement of North America says :Š He who " hath made of one blood, all nations of men, for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation," had resolved in this manner to prepare a place to which, in ages then drawing near, those who should be persecuted for Christ's sake might flee and find protection, and thus found a Protestant empire. This is a candid statement of the hope and expectation held by a certain body of  religionists, in reference to this country, nearly fifty years ago; that there might be founded here " a Protestant empire." The expression is without reserve, because at that time, and writing in Scotland, there was no need to vail such a thought behind any wordy sophistry, as now. The idea that the new world should be a refuge for the persecuted of all nations meant, with them,  always, persecuted Protestants; and it never so much as en-tered their minds that the Lord had opened a refuge for the down-trodden of any sect or denomination, or all; and also equally, for those who know not God or any church. It is certain that man's ways are not God's ways. He did not direct that those who first took sanctuary in his city of refuge should monopolize its privileges and deny them to others. THE ministers of Minneapolis, Minne-sota, have presented to the common coun-cil of that city a draft of an ordinance in reference to Sunday amusements, contain-ing six sections, in the drawing of which they have employed able legal counsel, and which they place before the city fathers' with the evident assurance that in consideration of the source from which it originates, and the moral purpose it is to subserve, they must necessarily adopt it and enforce its regulations. Such system-atic effort on the part of organized min-isterial and religious bodies, with the in-twat to control or direct municipal gov-ernment in the interest of their own views of moral and religious " reform," is no longer unique in this country. In fact, cities where such movements have not been inaugurated are now rather. the ex-ception than the rule. Over the entire country, from east to west, and from north to south, the delusion has passed that the State and the citizen must be evangelized, undergo moral reformation, by force of law, and that the clergy and the Church bear the responsibility, not only of asserting this as a fact, but of providing the necessary legal remedies, and securing the eilforcement of them, with the application of their penalties. This is a remarkable condition of affairs to exist thus early in a country, the Gov-ernment of which, national, State and municipal, was supposed to have been es-tablished on the principle of absolute sep-aration of Church and State. THE legitimate result of the seculariza-tion of religion by means of State paid chaplaincies, is shown in this special de- spatch to the World, from Columbus, Ohio :Š In the meeting of the Pastors' Union of this city to-day there was developed a feeling on the part of the preachers in favor of striking for pay for pray-ing at the opening of the sessions of the Legislature. It has always been customary to invite different clergy_ Men in the city to officiate in this way, and neither  branch has ever elected a chaplain or paid for such services. The Chair to day in the Pastor's meeting appointed Rev. W. C. Holliday to look after this work, but he declined with very sharp remarks upon the policy of the Legislature in getting 'its praying done for nothing. Other clergymen joined him . . . finally the work was assigned to an other with no definite action taken by the Union on free prayers in the General Assembly. If the Legislature should refuse the services of the members of this Pastors' Union, it is not likely that it would lose divine favor by it, for truly the prayer of the cent, per cent. righteous availeth not much. Even the Pharisee prayed for glory, standing on the corners of the streets to be seen of men, but the Pastors' Union of Columbus, Ohio, prays for lucre only. SINCE the earliest move of the American Sabbath Union, in its effort-to draw all organized bodies of every character into alliance with itself for the purpose of enforcing Sunday observance by law, the most strenuous assertions have been made that the Knights of Labor, and the work- ingmen in general, were arrayed with it; and the chief weight of argument for legal Sunday closing has been that Sun-day rest might be secured for the laboring man. Most especially has this been urged in reference to the World's Fair. An article by T. V. Powderly, Grand Master Workman, in the Knights of Labor Jour-nal, is a complete refutation of all the claims heretofore made in behalf of the workingmen, as asking for Sunday closing by law through their organizations. Mr. Powderly says:Š The World's Columbian Exposition should be kept open on Sunday. Those who attend to its operation can have one day in the week for rest, pleasure, recreation, or devotion, just as they please. If suggestions are in order, mine would be to keep the Exposition open seven days in each week ; that the employes work but eight hours each day ; that it open each day at 7 A. M., and close at 11 P. M. Those who begin work at seven in the morning will have completed the eight hours at three in the afternoon, and on Sunday will have time to attend church in the evening. Let those who begin work at seven one week take the night turn the following week. The reply to this will probably be that neither Mr. Powderly nor his constituents know what is best or right for them, and so they must be compelled to rest whether they consider it advisable and desirable or not. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance-of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York city, 