234AIVIMELIC.ANT VoL. 8, No. 30. observance by law, and by asserting their own individual right to observe it as they choose, without any dictation or interfer-ence from anybody. This alone is Prot-estantism. THIS is the living, present, absolute truth. There is no discount on it at all. " Protestantism sets the power of con-science above a magistrate," even though the magistrate calls himself a Christian and a Protestant, and proposes to enforce the " Christian Sabbath." " Protestant-ism sets the authority of the Word of God above the visible Church," even though the Church calls itself Protestant. Protestantism " rejects the civil power in divine things, and says with the prophets and apostles : ' We must obey God rather than man,' " and that too as God com-mands it, and not as man commands it, nor as man says that God commands it. Protestantism opposes and rejects every human intrusion, whether of the magis-trate or the ecclesiastic, between the soul and Jesus Christ, and everlastingly main-tains the divine right of the individual to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience exercised at his own free choice. THIS is Protestantism ; and the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL is unqualifiedly and un- compromisingly Protestant. The reli- gious people who publish it are the same. The excellent work in which the SENTINEL and the people who publish it are engaged is genuine Protestantism. That work, as relates to this question, is the constant, unwavering, uncompromising, opposition to every form of Sunday legislation, or any other religious legislation, and to all interference or control of ecclesiastics in the affairs of Government. Protestants are needed to-day to protest against this apostate Protestantism which is now carrying things with so high a hand. Come along ! HERE are some words of as much sol-emn weight as ever, and as true to-day, and 'of this Sunday movement, as they ever were at any other time or of any other movement: " The Reformation was accomplished in the name of a spiritual principle. It had proclaimed for its teacher the Word ef God; for salvation, faith; for king, Jesus Christ; for arms, the Holy Ghost; and had by these very means rejected all worldly elements. Rome had been estab-lished by `the law of a carnal command-ment ; ' the Reformation, by `the power of an endless life.' . . . " The gospel of the reformers had noth-ing to do with the world and with politics. While the Roman hierarchy had become a matter of diplomacy and a court intrigue, the Reformation was destined to exercise no other influence over princes and people than that which proceeds from the gospel of peace. "If the Reformation, having attained a certain point, became untrue to its nature, began to parley and temporize with the world, and ceased thus to follow up the spiritual principle that it had so loudly proclaimed, it was faithless to God and to itself. Henceforward its decline was at hand. " It is impossible for a society to prosper, if it be unfaithful to the prin-ciples it lays down. Having abandoned what constituted its life, it can find naught but death. " It was God's will that this great truth  should be inscribed on the very threshold of the temple he was then raising in the world, and a striking contrast was to make the truth stand gloriously prom-inent." " One portion of the reform was to seek alliance of the world, and in this alliance find a destruction full of desolation. " Another portion looking up to God, was haughtily to reject the arm of the flesh, and by this very act of faith secure a noble victory. " If three centuries have gone astray, it.  is because they were unable to compre-hend so holy and so solemn a lesson. 'ŠD'Aubigne, Id., Book XIV., Chap. 1. Ł Chicago Correspondence. Correspondence. The World's Fair to Be Closed on Sunday. AFTER all the vicissitudes through which the discussion of Sunday closing of the World's Fair has passed, the local directory has determined to close the gates on the first day of the week,- The de-cision has been arrived at from financial reasons. Tne Sunday attendance at the Fair has never been large and has grad-ually decreased. The last open Sunday, July 16, at which time there was a special call made for a large attendance for char-itable reasons, the entire proceeds being devoted to the benefit of the families of the firemen who lost their lives at the burning of the cold storage building, the turn-stiles registered only a few more than 49,000 visitors. The directors have been successful in the courts, both in the case brought by the Government to enjoin them from Sun-day opening, which has been quoted from previously, and in the suit brought by Wanamaker & Brown for the same pur-pose. This last suit Judge Jenkins dis-missed, saying in the course of his opin-ion, "the United States has never at-tempted to pass a Sunday law applying to a district outside of its jurisdiction. That power lies with the State. If this Ex-position has broken a State law it must answer to the State of Illinois if required to do so, but it does not lie within the province of a shareholder to assert the majesty of violated laws in such a case, his property rights not being hereby in-volved. This decision of Judge Jenkins as well as that of Chief Justice Field, in both of which the right of the directory to man-age its own business seems to be upheld, has been looked upon by several writers, and very strongly upheld in editorials as a vindication of religious liberty in this country and an assertion of the constitu-lional rights of conscience. But this is an error; both decisions are clearly in de-fense of the principles of State rights, but the propriety of the original Act of Congress, for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, has not been questioned in either of them, and it still stands and will stand as an unrepealed precedent. The final agitation of the Sunday ques-tion was opened by the National Commis-sion, which, when the case was brought to a vote before them, placed themselves on record for Sunday closing by a vote of 54-6. The commissioners then ap-pointed a committee of four to confer with the Council of Administration and the local directory and urge upon them a strict compliance with the rule requiring the gates to be closed on Sunday. This was brought before the directors in the  following resolutions which were carried by a vote of 24-4. WHEREAS, the Board of Directors at a regula meeting heretofore held to wit, May 16, 1893, adopted certain resolutions providing for the open-ing of the Exposition on Sunday, in response to urgent appeals from persons and organizations representing a large majority of the public, as well as from stockholders of the corporation, and also in accordance with a resolution adopted by the city Council of the city of Chicago, representing the financial interests of the said city in the said Exposition to the amount of $5,000,000, and, WHEREAS, this action has been sustained by the United States Court of Appeals and the right and power of directors to control the physical admin-istration of the Exposition on Sundays as well as on other days of the week, has been upheld by the final decree of the said court; and, WHEREAS, it now appears by actual admissions that the general public does not by its attendance manifest a desire that the said Exposition should be kept open to the public each day of the week; and it further appearing that if the Exposition is kept open on Sunday it will require the attendance of more than 16.000 laboring men and women, the employes of the Exposition and others, includ-ing the curators and clerks of the exhibitors; and while the Exposition authorities can give its own employes one day of rest out of each week, it seems impracticable for the exhibitors and others to pro-vide for their own clerks and employes, and, IVREILEA.s, it further appears that the number of laboring men and women whose services will be required to keep the Exposition open on Sunday is disproportionate to the number of visitors on said days, and therefore the interests of the public are not promoted by keeping the Exposition open on each and every day of the week. Now, therefore, be itŠ Resolved, That all the said resolutions so adopted on the 16th day of May, 1893, and the amend ments to the rule relative thereto, adopted on said day, save and except the prices of admission, be, and the same are hereby rescinded, to take effect after the 16th inst. ; and, be it furtherŠ Resolved, That a certified copy of the foregoing preamble and resolutions be transmitted to the National Commission and the Council of Admin-istration. It will be seen that the apparent rea-son in the last resort is financial, but it is one with which the most enthusiastic Sunday closers seem to be content. It is the one great reason which was advanced in the Wanamaker case against the World's Fair; the plea being made that an injunction should be granted against Sunday opening because of the fact that the stockholders interests were jeopar-dized thereby. This has been the argu-ment which the Sunday closers have of late used most vehemently : that the amount necessary for the return of the souvenir coin appropriation to the Gov-ernment would not be equalled by the Sunday gate receipts and financial loss would therefore result. It is probable, in fact quite evident, that notwithstand-ing almost all the different religious or-ganizations throughout the country have weakened as to the threatened boycott which they declared would be instituted, yet they have quietly and unofficially fol-lowed, as nearly as possible, the original course marked out and have used all their influence against attendance upon the Fair, especially upon Sunday, and have thus succeeded in some degree in reducing the receipts of the Fair. They have also quietly worked to secure as large a per-centage of Sunday observance as could be obtained among the exhibitors at the Fair, as is witnessed by the number of covered exhibits and the double page advertise-ment of the lists of exhibitors covering their exhibits on Sunday which appeared in one of the Chicago papers, which has given itself to the furtherance of Sunday closing from the beginning. Several of the prominent promoters of the Sunday movement tbroughout the country have been in Chicago for the past two weeks quietly using their influence and working 