AMERICAN SENTINEL. 217 resolutions before Congress; and that a copy of the re-port be furnished to each member of the Senate and the House of Representatives from Pennsylvania and West Virginia." * IT is the policy of the GovernmentŠone of which most denominations approveŠto supply the army with chap-lains; but it is not the Government's policy (as the reso-lutions state) to supply the army with religious litera-ture. But why should not the Government do one as well as the other? What difference is there, in principle, between them? It is certainly just as easy to select liter-ature suitable for a proper ministering to the spiritual needs of the soldiers as to select men suitable for the same work. The latter, indeed, is the more uncertain and haz-ardous enterprise of the two. * * IT is all well enough to supply the soldiers of the army with religious literature; no class of men need such literature more than, they, and it is, we believe, the priv-ilege of any person or persons to supply it. But it is not necessary nor proper, that this should be done by act of Congress recognizing a particular denomination. If Congress would cease to assume the prerogative of a spiritual director, it would be better for the army and for the country. THE following statement was made in the Church News (Adelaide, Aust..), in March, 1897:Š "We, the members of the Church of England in Aus-tralia and Tasmania, desire that in the preamble of the bill which frames the Federal Constitution, some words may be inserted setting forth our national creed." That it is the real object of all religious legislationŠto get some of "our national [church] creed" into the fundamental law. That is what the churches always want on such occasions, but they are not always frank enough to say so. "Babylon Is Fallen." Oum in a certain western town where theatricals and similar shows have been given a prominent place in the program of church work, an opera house manager has addressed a protest and memorial to the, city council upon this point. He sets forth that the churches and the halls connected with them are ruining his business by giving entertainments and concerts of the same descrip-tion as those for which he has to pay $100 annually into the city treasury; they, on the other hand, being exempt from taxation. He asks that either his license shall be rebated, or that the churches shall be subject to the same  charge; and in case this is not done, declares that he will put in variety shows Sunday afternoon and evening, to meet the competition of the churches! How long will it be at this rate before enterprising theater owners will be converting their play-houses into "churches," something after the order of the "Raines-law hotels" in this city, to evade a tax on their property, and thus stand upon common ground with their religious rivals? Can anyone, in view of such facts, wonder that a mes-sage is going to the people of the earth proclaiming, "Babylon is fallen, is fallen"? Sunday Observance Measures in Massachusetts. SEVERAL bills relating to Sunday observance have this year been brought before the Massachusetts legisla-ture, with the object of securing a more rigid enforcement of Sunday observance in that State. The principal one of these reads thus:Š "AN ACT "Relative to the Observance of the Lord's Day. "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-tatives in General Court assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:Š "SECTION 1. Section one of chapter four hundred and thirty-four of the acts of the year eighteen hundred and ninety-five is hereby amended by striking out, in the sec-ond, third, fourth, and fifth lines, the words 'or an enter-tainment given by a religious or charitable society, the proceeds of which, if any, are to be devoted exclusively to a charitable or religious purpose,' so as to read as f olio ws Š "SEc. 1. Whoever is present at a game, sport, play, or public diversion, except a concert of sacred music, upon the Lord's day, shall be punished by fine not ex-ceeding five dollars for each offense. "SEc. 2. This act shall take effect upon its pas-sage." Another measure, having for its object "To further regulate the observance of the Lord's day," provided that "Any person, firm, or corporation who violates any provision of chapter ninety-eight of the Public Statutes [relating to Sunday observance] or of any amendment thereto, shall be liable to a fine of ten dollars for each and every man, woman, or child employed by them in violation of such provision." A third measure provided that unincorporated reli-gious and charitable societies should be included in the exceptions provided for incorporated bodies of this na-ture, in the Sunday regulations. A hearing was recently granted the advocates and opponent of these measures by a committee of the legis-lature, and the occasion proved to be one of much inter-est. A correspondent who was present at the hearing sends us the fpllowing relative to its results:Š "In brief, it was a grand victory for the principles of liberty. The issue was a surprise to me, and I am certain it was such to the promoters of the bill; although if the testimony given is to be taken, this bill is like Melchizedek, in that it has neither father nor mother. The secretary of 