THE AMERICAN SeNŁriNnL., 339 fes,ses to be deVoted ? What excuse is there for the church's being in such a condition that it is necessary that she should be brought to take the time? What is she in the world for, but voluntarily and spontaneously to seek for the time, and take the time, and fill the time, to the fullest extent. The church has nothing else to do in this world but to fill up all the time there is, in this very work. But instead of this, by this statement from one who is certainly a respon-sible authority on the question, we are compelled to contemplate the fact that the church is in such a condition that she cannot even be brought to take the time to do that work for which she is set in the- world, and now she wishes to saddle off upon the State the work which' is hers to do. But, as we have before inquired in these columns, when the church shall have put -upon the State to do all the work which she alone is set to do, what then floes she propose to do? When elle has secured the power 'of the State to carry on mid support the work which properly belongs to the church, then the next step will he to have the State support the church, and that in idleness. This claim that the State shall instruct the children is based upon Mr. Cook saying that one-quarter or one-third of the children of the repub-lic of school age never see the inside- of a church, and; therefore, the State must turn its school-houses into churches. and enter upon the inculca-tion of religious doctrines. Such a statement is a confession that although the church is the con-servator of religion in the world, and is held by herself so to be, yet nobody can be benefited by that religion unless they go inside of the church. And by this there is a condition of affairs re-vealed, which is the direct reverse of that which Christ established, and which the true church will ever occupy ; that is, instead of the church's seeking those who- are lost, the lost are compelled to seek the church. Instead of the saved seeking the lost, that they too may be saved, the lost are expected to seek the saved. Instead of the church going out into the highways and hedges, and into the streets and lanes of' the city, and bidding all, with the earnest tones of the Saviour, to " come unto the marriage," she sets up an establishment, and those that are in the highways and hedges - and streets and lanes of the city are expected to come and ask to be invited: No, no ! Such is not the church of Jesus Christ. Such a system neither represents nor embodies the religion of Jesus Christ. And such a system of religion, even though it were taught in the public schools, would be ten thousand times worse for the schools than the syStem which now is, even though it were: as bdcl as these opponents pronounce it to be. - Another excuse he offers for the church's fail= ure to reach the entire population is, that she has "Mit the seventh part of tiine in'which, to do it." Indeed why is it she has, not only all the time there is, but all the days and nights of the Week,,and all the year, and all the time there is, or is to be. Is it true that, the church works so hard on this one:-seventli part of the time that she is obliged to rest all the balance of the time? or. is it because she has grown so lazy that the little exertion which. she puts forth in this one-seventh of the time justifies her in loafing all the rest of the time? It is not difficult at all for the observing person 'to decide which of these inqui-ries touches the fact, of the case.. And, therefore, - it is a proper inquiry, and we- think a profitable one, too, to the thinking 'person. Would it . be beat. that such a religion as that should be taught  in the public schools? We repeat, The teaching of such religion in the public school would make it worse than even now its opponents declare it to be. An industrous worldling is better than a lazy Christian. And public schools, therefore, would be vastly better off without the teaching of such religion than with it, because it would only be teaching the children to indulge idleness instead of practicing industry, and to add hypoc-risy to irreligion. Such a system, however, is en-tirely consistent with the other branch of this re-ligious legislation scheme ; that is, the demand for a national Sunday law to compel everybody to be idle on Sunday. The two movements, this one to establish the inculcation of the practice of laziness on six days of the week, and the other to establish compulsory idleness on the remaining day of the weekŠthese are entirely worthy of one another ; but they are alike totally unworthy of American principles or of the American peo-ple, or of the religion of Jesus Christ. Let the church members put their money and their energies into the work of teaching religion, after the pattern of the Saviour, and then whether the youth ever see the inside of-a church or not, they can learn of the religion of Christ. Then, too, the church will be conscious of a power which now she has not, the lack of which civil power never can supply. The Saviour and his apostles found more than one-seventh of the time to devote to the work of religious instruction. We do not read of any time when any effort had to be put forth to induce them to take all the time there was, day and night, continuously. And those who have the religion that they had will never need to "be brought to take time." A. T. J. National Reform Idea of the Proper Relation of Church and State Exemplified. REv. J. M. FOSTER, well known to the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL as one of the dis-trict secretaries of the National Reform Associa-tion, has an article in the Christian Cynosure of October 17 in which he says:Š "According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of, and to serve the interests of, the, church." " The true State will have a wise reference to the church's interests in all its legislative, executive, and judicial proceedings. . . . The ex-penses of the church, in carrying on her public aggress-ive work, it meets in whole, or in part, out of the public treasury. Thus the church is protected and exalted by the State." There is one country in the world to-day, and only one, in which Mr. Poster's idea of govern-ment is fully carried out, and that is the republic of Equador. In that country "the State and its sphere exist for the sake,of, and to serve the interests of, the church," The result of the practical workings of that theory of Church and State is told as fol-lows, in the "Capitals of South America" :Š "Bolivar freed Ecuador from the Spanish yoke, as he did Colombia, Venezuela, Bolivia, and Peru; and it was one of the five States which formed the United States of Colombia un-der his presidency; but the priests had such a hold upon the people that liberty could not live in an atmosphere they polluted, and the country lapsed into a state of' anarchy, which has con-tinued ever since. The struggle has been be-tween the progressive element and the priests, and the latter have usually triumphed. It is the only country in America in which the Romish Church survives as the Spanish left it. In other  countries popish influence has been destroyed, and the rule which prevails everywhereŠthat the less the people are under the control of that church the greater their prosperity, enlighten-ment, and progressŠis. illustrated in Ecuador with striking force. "One-fourth of all the property in Ecuador be-longs to the bishop. There is a Catholic Church for every 150 inhabitants; of the population of the country ten per cent. are priests, monks, or nuns, and 272 of the 365 days in the year are feast-days or fast-days. "The priests control the government in all its branches, dictate its laws, and govern their en-forcement, and rule the country as absolutely as' if the pope were its king. As a result seventy-five per cent. of the children born are illegitimate. There is not a penitentiary, house of correction,'  reformatory, or benevolent institution outside of Quito and Guayaquil; there is not a railroad or stage-coach in the entire country, and until re-cently there was not a telegraph wire. Laborers get from $2.00 to $10 a month, and men are paid $2.25 for carrying 100 pounds of merchandise on their backs 285 miles. There is not a wagon in the republic outside of Guayaquil, and not a road over which a wagon could pass. The peo-ple know nothing but what the priests tell them. They have no amusements but cockfights and bull-fights; no literature, no mail routes, except from Guayaquil to the capital (Quito),' and nothing is common among the masses that was not in use by them two hundred years ago. If one-tenth of the money that has been expended in building monasteries had been devoted to the construction of cart-roads, Ecuador, whichis natu-rally rich, would be one of the most wealthy na-tions, in proportion to its area, on the globe. "There was once a steam railroad in Eucador. During the time when Henry Meiggs was making such an excitement by the improvements lie was making in the transportation facilities of Peril, the contagion spread to- Ecuador, and some am-bitious English capitalists attempted to lay a road from Guayaquil to the interior. A track seven-teen miles long was built, which represents the railway system of Ecuador in all the geographies, gazetteers, and books of statistics; but no wheels passed over this track, and the tropical vegetation has grown so luxuriantly about the place where it lies that it would now be difficult to find it. "In 1885 a telegraph line Vvas built connecting Guayaquil with Quito, the highest city in the world ; but there is only one wire, and that is practically useless, as not more than seven days out of a month can a message be sent over it -The people chop down the poles for fire-wood and.  cut out pieces of the wire to repair broken harness whenever they feel so disposed. Then it often takes a week for the lineman to find the break, and another week to repair it. " In the government telegraph office I saw an.  operator with a ball and chain attached to his legŠa convict who had been sent back to his post because no one else could be found to-work the instrument. A young lady took the message and. the money. There is a cable belonging to a New York company connecting Guayaquil with the outside world; but the rates .are extremely high, the tariff to the United States being $.3.00 a word, and to other places in proportion. "Ecuador, with about 1,000,000 inhabitants, has only 47 post-offices. There is not a newspaper printed outside of the city of Guayaquil, and the only information the people have of what is going 