376 AMERICAN SENTINEL. try town, they must, forsooth, march to a church, every once in a while, in full uniform, and have the minister preach to them, and set the eyes of the young all gazing with envy at the show of color, and glint of cloth and steel. The military must have the place of honor every where, in a civic parade, in an agricultural fair, where stock and merchandize are supposed to be the chief at-tractions. And the crimes or misdeeds of a soldier, plundering, pilfering, marauding, are so covered over with glamour and splendor that they-become deeds to imitate and emulate, rather than things to avoid. Oh that people, especially young people, would learn that it takes just as much steady, honest, and honorable manhood to faithfully face irksome tasks day after day, at a continual ploddingpace, as it does to storm a breach or to sink a fleet. It is the steady effort, continued through years of toil, either at study or at muscular la-bor, that builds the true heroic manhood. Some time after the pension list of the last war had begun to grow large, a great laugh went the rounds at a joking pension claim, printed in the newspapers, that asked a pension for a crippled and ruined character, as a result of the war. The claimant urged that he had gone into the army a sober, modest, honest young man, and that in the service he had learned to drink, to smoke, and chew, to steal, to swear, and to be unchaste, and he thought these were as grievous hurts as if he had received a gunshot wound. This may have beenŠpresumably wasŠput out for a joke; but it was really no jest at all, and it will be re-peated in this present war and in every war the world may ever see. That is what war does for its servants, its soldiers. That is war's natural teaching and tendency. I wish it were otherwise, or I wish it might be popular and pleasing to good people everywhere to tell them these things; but alas, people see heroism, where there is in ad-dition to heroism all debasing circumstances. In active life the soldier is a marauder; in his quiet camp life he be-comes an idler. And the accompaniments of his idleness are, in every camp, liquor, tobacco, gambling, and the other vices. At home a man may have a wicked man for a neigh-bor, but he need not associate with him. In camp you have such for tent mates and for file comrades, for such men get into every company. War draws such, and it makes more of the same kind. Oh let us all pray that the day may hasten when the nations shall learn war no more.  child who had been massacred by the Turks, two Russian soldiers fell in battle or died of disease, and probably at least double that number of non combatant peasantsŠBulgarian, Armenian, TurkishŠwere done to death be-tween the contending armies. The Bulgarian atrocities were avenged, no doubt; but at a very low computation it cost five lives to avenge one." Upon which a London journal makes the pertinent comment that war, as a remedy for the ills of humanity, is worse than the disease. Must this not be the thought that is to day in the minds of many of the starving Cubans? Ł  The Bible and the Catholic Church. As stated in another article, the Catholic News is so elated over the fact that an individual was led into the Catholic Church through the exclusive reading of the Bible that it gives over a column in the telling of it. After saying, "This man read no Catholic books, beard no sermons, was influenced by no living examples of the excellency of the true faith, but by the serious and unbi-ased reading of the Holy Scriptures discovered the pearl of great price," the News continues, "Yet the majority of adherents of Protestantism believe that the Catholics remain such merely because they are forbidden to read the Bible, and if once they could be induced to take it up and read there would be an overwhelming exodus from Rome." If it is possible for a man to find his way to the Catholic Church through the exclusive reading of the Bible, why would not a careful reading of it keep him in the church after he gets there? If the reading of the Bible is not inimical to the Catholic Church, why are its mem-bers forbidden to read it? Yet everybody knows that the Catholic is forbidden to read the Bible, unless it is the Catholic Bible which has Catholic annotations. Such confidence does the News have in this matter of reading the Scripture that it says, "The church may ap-propriately use to these outside her fold the challenge which her divine Founder uttered to the Jews on one oc-casion, 'Search the Scriptures, for ye think in them to have eternal life, and they do give testimony of me.'" It is all very well to express such confidence in the reading of the Bible in this country which for the present is professedly Protestant; but it is an entirely different matter in countries which are dominated solely by the Catholic Church; for instance, Spain. C. H. K. THE last war between Russia and Turkey was under-taken by Russia in behalf of the Bulgarians, who had be-come the victims of Turkish atrocities. Of the result of this "war for humanity" the following is said in a recent number of the Review of Reviews:Š "To avenge the Bulgarian atrocities the Russians in-vaded Turkey, and for every Bulgarian man, woman and A CENTRIFUGAL gun, discharging 30,000 bullets a minute, has been invented by an English engineer. The bullets are poured into a case from a hopper and guided into a disk, three feet in diameter, revolving in the case at the rate of 15.000 revolutions a minute. They are discharged from the edge of the disk. 