THE AIVIrt,T\-_'TOAN SENTINEL. Of course under the Constitution as it is, Congress can pass no such law, because the passing of all such laws, whether by Congress or by State Legislatures, is essentially religious legislation, and is prohibited by the Constitu-tion. Therefore it is that the National Re-form Association wants the Religious Amend-ment adopted, making the Constitution to rec-ognize the Christian region, and so give a basis for Sunday legislation. Here then is the situation. The National Reform Association proposes a Religious Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. Through such an Amendment there will be formed a union of Church and State. Under cover of the universal demand for Sun- - day laws, the question of the Constitutional Amendment can be made a question of na-tional politics, and can be brought to a vote of the nation. When it is so brought to a vote, the National Reform Association can bring to the polls, in its support, the voters of "all evangelical churches," the voters of the Prohi-bition party, the voters of the Catholic Church, the voters of the Knights of Labor, and the workingmen generally, and with these the So-cialists and all the rest of the non-religious rabble, and the whole thing sanctified by the sweet influences of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and so can carry it as sweepingly as inquisitorial Sunday laws are now carried in some of the State Legislatures. We pretend not at all to say how soon this may be the grand question in national :poli-tics. It can be done very soon, but whether soon or late, we know, and so everyone else who will look at this thing exactly as it is, may know, that whenever the day comes that it is brought to a vote it will as surely carry as that day comes. That that day will come is as sure as that these facts exist. And when it does come, then there comes with it a union of Church and State, with its whole train of attendant evils in this Government. And in that day, libertyŠwhether civil or re-ligiousŠwill forever take her departure from this dear land, her last and happiest home on earth. "Eternal vigilance is the price of lib-erty." And now such vigilance is demanded as never before in the history of the nation. May God arouse the people to a sense of it. A. T. J. NATIONAL REFORM District Secretary J. M. Foster says :Š " The same cry that aroused the crusaders in the eleventh century to rescue the holy sepulcher from the hands of the infidel, will awake the hosts of Immanuel to rescue this land from the powers of the world, and in-corporate it in the City of God."ŠChristian Statesman, Tune 2, 1887. We have an idea that that is just about the straight truth in the matter as it will be when National Reform gets to its full tide of prog-ress. Then, as like causes produce like ef-fects, we may expect to see again enacted some of the fanatical scenes of the crusades. Says Waddington: "The crusaders exclaimed, It is the will of God I' and in that fancied behest, the fiercest brutalities which the world ever beheld soughtŠnot palliation, butŠhonor and the crown of eternal reward." The Question MetŠand Evaded! THE Religious Amendment party has ut-terly failed to vindicate itself under the indict-ment which we have brought against the movement. The SENTINEL has taken up the leading declaration of what they " propose " to do; it has analyzed it, and clearly pointed out its tendency, and its unavoidable results; it has examined the main points in their own reports of the speeches of their leading men ; it has followed the Statesman in its editorials and in its correspondence; and while they have maintained an apparently studied silence in regard to our exposure of their errors and sophistries, they console themselves with as-serting that our arguments do not " meet the question." We now propose to show that the question has been meandering in the hands of its friends, and can only be met by crossing its winding track. A National Convention of the Amendment-ists was held in Pittsburg in 1869. In the call for this convention are found the following words :Š " The National Association, which has been formed for the purpose of securing such an Amendment to the National Constitution as will remedy this great defect, indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all Chris-tian laws, institutions, and usages in our Gov-ernment on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the nation, invites," etc. In the Cincinnati Convention in 1872, Dr. T. P. Stevenson, editor of the Christian, States man, and Recording Secretary of the National Association, delivered an address on " The Legal Effect and Practical Value of the Pro-posed Amendment," in which he attempted to guard the expression of the above "call" as follows:Š " It will furnish a legal basis for all Chris-tian laws, institutions, and usages in our Gov-ernment. . . . It is all . Christian laws, institutions, and usages in our Government. We do not propose to find a basis for the laws and institutions of the church, of Christian families, or of the closet, in the National Con-stitution; but for that great body of laws, in-stitutions, and usages, in our Government, which are of Christian origin." This disclaimer is worthless, for two rea-sons : 1. It is neutralized by other statements of the " Reformers," and of Doctor Stevenson himself, as we shall show. 2. There is no "great body of laws, institutions, and usages in our Government, which are of Christian origin." In fact, there is not a single law, in-stitution or usage in our Government which is of Christian origin, as we shall presently notice. In the second Pittsburg Convention, held in 1874, Hon. Felix R. Brunot, president both of the association and of the convention, an-nounced the object of their movement,:as fol- lows :Š " We propose such an Amendment to the Constitution of the United States (or its pre-amble) as will suitably acknowledge Almighty God as the author of the nation's existence and the ultimate source of its authority, Jesus Christ as its ruler, and the Bible as the su-preme rule of its conduct, and thus indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an  undeniable legal basis in the fundamental laws of the land." President Brunot quoted the above words from their previously made declaration of principles. The limitation for which Mr. Stevenson made his plea was not inserted. We shall give reasons for believing that there was no intention to have it inserted. Regarding this declaration of principles a letter of inquiry was addressed to the States-man, asking if they meant what they said; if, inasmuch as baptism and the Lord's Supper are "Christian institutions," it was their-  in-tention to have these placed on a legal basis. But, instead of "touching the real question," they evaded it, and gave the following as the enumeration of the points at which they aimed :Š "Among these are the laws wfi.ch regulate marriage, and those which forbid and punish blasphemy, the offering of prayer in our Na-tional and State Legislatures, the maintenance of religious worship and instru,-;tion in our asylums, reformatories, and jails, the observ-ance of public thanksgivings and fasts, the use of the oath in courts of justice, and many others. All these, moreover, are proper to the State, and cannot, in any candid mind, be con-founded with baptisni and the Lo,:d's Supper.' No; these are not to be confounded with baptism and the Lord's Supper, because these latter are " Christian institutions,' while those enumerated by the Statesman are not Not ore of the things mentioned by the Statesman is peculiar to Christianity. When the ques-tion was raised as to what would. be the effect of the Religious Amendment oft the Jew, an officer of the association replied : " We are not a Jewish, but a Christian neon; therefore our legislation must be conformed to the in-stitution and spirit of Christianity." And yet it is a fact that the Jewish nation had every law, institution, and usage which the Statesman enumerated, which can be drawn from the Scriptures. Of late a conference of Jewish rabbis appointed a committee to draw up a petition to be presented to Congress, urging that body to pass a national marriage law. And yet our model Reformers tell us that mar-riage is a Christian institution. The truth is, that the origin of marriage is given in the He-brew Scriptures, and the institution antedates. Christianity. And so of the other points; named. But, we inquire, what effect did the inquiry have on the National Reformers? It led them; to be yet more guarded in their platform, and: it now reads thus :Š "The object of this society shall be to main-tain existing Christian features in the Ameri-can Government, to promote needed reforms in the action of the Government," etc., " and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and: usages of our Government," etc. We might safely challenge them to show that there are any " Christian features " in our Gov-ernmentŠanything that is peculiar to Christianity. But the point we wish to notice now is, that this platform does not really ex-press their designs. In the Pittsburg Con-vention Dr, Stevenson gave an address on "The Ends We Seek," before President Brunot took the chair and announced what they "pro-pose " to do. Dr. S. said 