281 AmrimnroAlikr VoL. 9, No. 36. tion in its purest form," and the "prin-ciples of the Reformation " so savagely assailed are the principles of the Constitu- tion. The framers of the Constitution under-stood that separation of Church and State and liberty of conscience was the result of the Reformation. Madison and Jefferson, the champions of a separation of Church and State in the constitutional convention which framed the Constitution, said, in a petition signed and presented by them to the Virginia Assembly in a struggle which resulted in disestablishing the church in that colony, and from which struggle they came to the national convention :Š We would also humbly represent, that the only proper objects of civil government are the happiness and protection of men in the present state of exist-ence, the security of the life, liberty, and property of the citizens, and to restrain the vicious and to en-courage the virtuous by wholesome laws, equally ex-tending to every individual ; but that the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can only be directed by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the uni-versal Judge. To illustrate and confirm these assertions, we beg leave to observe, that to judge for ourselves, and to engage in the exercise of religion agreeably to the dic-tates of our own consciences, is an inalienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first .propagated, and the Reformation from, popery carried on, can never be transferred to another. When, therefore, the Roman Catholic condemns that interpretation of the Con-stitution which recognizes the " principles of the Reformation," he condemns the Constitution as interpreted by its framers. Rome's interpretation of the Constitution of the United States is in harmony with the papal principle which curses the sepa-ration of Church and State;* curses the denial of the church's right to use force ;f curses the claim that priests may be pun-ished by civil courts for their crimes ;t curses the doctrine that " it is no longer expedient that the Catholic religion should be held as the only religion of the State to the exclusion of all other modes of wor-ship; "§ curses the claim "that persons coming to reside therein [in a Catholic country] shall enjoy the public exercise of their own worship; "11 curses the rights of conscience as a most " fatal pestilence," etc., etc., and yet tells its votaries to " go forward ! in one hand bearing the book of Christian truthŠthe BibleŠand in the other the Constitution of the United States." And when she says it there is a " tremendous applause, the people rising to their feet." Protestants, Americans, keep your seats ! Significant. THE following statement of facts raise the query, Who are the antichrists ?Š The lynching troubles in Colorado seem to be the work of an oath-bound league, in which officers of the State and Federal Government are implicated, as well as men who have hitherto been reckoned good citizens. This is part of the oath found on the person of a prominent resident of the State: "In the presence of Almighty God and these witnesses, whom I have this day chosen as my associates and companions, I,  do most solemnly and sincerely promise and swear that I will do my duty at any and all times, as may be planned and agreed upon by these, my sworn com-panions, in exercising just and needed punishment on anarchists and such other criminals and murderers and strikers in Cripple Creek, and their fellow-sym-pathizers, either in high or low positions, the execu-tive of the State not excepted, as we shall deem guilty * Allocution " Acerbissimus," Sept. 27, 1852. t Letter Apostolic " Ad Apostolicae," Aug. 22, 1851. Allocution " Acerbissiraus " Sept. 27, 1852, and Nunquam fore, Dec. 15, 1856. § Allocution Nemo vestrum," July 26, 1855. II Allocution "Acerbissimus," Sept. 27, 1852. Encyclical of Pope Pius IX. Dec. 8, 1864.  of crime against law-abiding citizens of the United States, where human lives have been wantonly sacri-ficed, real and personal property destroyed or stolen, and many happy homes broken up." The order constituted itself judge, jury, and executioner, pro-ceeding against such " as we shall deem guilty of crime," and there was no appeal from their decisions. These men override all law in the inter-ests of law ! They commit high crimes in the name of law and order ! They bind themselves by an oath to do unlawful acts and at the same time dub themselves, " The best people of the State, the law-abiding element," etc. But for this course they have eminent example. Anarchy is in the very air and the only escape from it is in strict and conscientious adherence to the rule : " Render to Cesar the things that are Csar's, and to God the things that are God's." Saint Worship. THE doctrine of saint worship, as taught and practiced by the Roman Catholic Church, puts poor humanity in the place of Christ and robs the sinner of a Saviour, and the Saviour of the office of the " one mediator between God and men." To show this a number of quotations are pub-lished below. The reader will be tempted to regard the quotations as manufactured for the purpose of burlesquing the Roman Catholic doctrine, but they are all taken from a work entitled " Manual of Devo-tion to Good St. Anne," a work containing the indorsement of " E. A. Card. Tasch-ereau, Archbishop of Quebec," and printed by the " General Printing Office, A. Cot6 & Co., Quebec." The writer's attention was first called to the work by seeing it in the hands of pilgrims at the shrine of " St. Anne " at Beaupr4, Que.,and after-wards he purchased it of the ocial book-sellers near the church of St. Anne. No words of comment can be so strong and fitting as the words of God, hence each quotation is followed by an appropriate text of scripture. " 0 GLORIOUS parents [St. Joachim and St. Anne] of the Queen of Mercy, she will never refuse to pray for those recom-mended to her by you! Vouchsafe then to recommend/me to her and beg of her to inscribe me among her servants and cli-ents: thereby shall I be inscribed in the book of life. If you will do this, Mary will grant me her favor and I shall be saved." Pp. 167, 168. " Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb ? yea, they may for-get, yet will I not forget thee. - Behold, I have graven thee on the palms of my hands. Isa. 49: 15, 16. "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me hath everlasting life." John 6: 47. " Be-lieve on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." Acts 16: 31. " MY powerful protectors, Joachim and Anne, this is my most ardent wish and ye can obtain it for me. Say one word in my favor to your beloved Daughter; tell Mary I would rather be the least of her servants than command the whole world; beg of her not to reject me because of my unworthiness. Thus ye will have saved a soul, and what could be more worthy of the father and mother of her through whom salvation has come to us." Pp. 175, 176. Thus saith the Lord : " Cursed be the man that trusteth in man and maketh flesh his arm." Jer. 17 : 5. "Being made perfect, He became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him."  Heb. 5:9. " But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ (by grace ye are saved); and hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus: that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kind-ness toward us through Jesus Christ. For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God. Not of works lest any man should boast." Eph. 2:4-9. " AND since thy blessed Daughter Mary has been entrusted by our Lord with the glorious task of distributing to souls that precious liquor of divine love, do thou beg of her to pour a large measure of it into my heart." Pp. 134, 135. " St. Anne, obtain for me the love of Jesus crucified." P. 252. " The love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us." Rom. 5 : 5. " Behold what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us." 1 John 3 : 1. "But after the kindness and love of God our Saviour to-ward men appeared, . . . which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our Lord." Titus 3 : 4, 6. " PLEAD for me with the Advocate of sinners [Mary] that she may obtain for me the grace of repentance and the par-don of all my iniquities." Pp. 84, 85. " And if any man sin, we have an advo-cate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous: and he is the propitiation for our sins, and not for ours only, but also for the sins of the whole world." 1 John 2: 1, 2. " GOOD St. Anne, come to my aid; ob-tain for me from Jesus, through the merits of thine own sacrifice, that he may vouch-safe to change my disposition." P. 216. " But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God. " " For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified." Heb. 10 : 12, 14. " GLORIOUS and holy Queen [St. Anne], . . . the just, the penitent and sinners claim thee as their powerful advocate with God, for by thy intercession the just hope for an increase of grace, the penitent for justification and sinners for forgiveness of their sins. Be thou then compassionate and merciful, and whilst here below, we are invoking thee; do thou be pleading for us in heaven. Do thou exert the great influence in our favor and let not those who put their trust in thee be lost. Show thyself to be always the refuge of sinners, the resort of the guilty, the con-solation of the afflicted, and the assurej help of thy faithful clients." Pp. 182, 183. "And if any man sin, we have an advo-cate with the Father, Jesus Christ the righteous : and he is the propitiation for our sins." 1 John 2: 1, 2. " Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life : no man cometh unto the Father, but by me." John 14 : 6. "Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him, seeing that he ever liveth to make intercession for them." Heb. 7 : 25. " Who was delivered for our offenses, and raised again for our justification. Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ: by whom also we have access by faith into this grace wherein we stand and rejoice in hope of 