288 AMERICAN SENTINEL. being a mere negation, might as well own up that he is a Roman Catholic and take his stand openly with that church. Protestantism is either a lie, or it is truth. If it is truth, it is not a mere negation. When Wycliffe, "the morning star of the Reforma-tion," at one time lay sick upon what his enemies hoped would be his death bed, some monks and friars came to him to taunt him with the prospect (as they believed) that the cause for which he had contended was about to perish. They had about the same idea of Protestantism as is held to-day by some who are "not Roman Catho-lics." But Wycliffe knew what Protestantism was. Raising himself upon his bed and looking his enemies in the eye, he exclaimed in ringing tones: "With what do you think you are contending? With a feeble old man, trembling upon the brink of the grave? No! but with truthŠtruth, which is mightier than you, and will one day vanquish you!" Ł Wycliffe's prophecy came true. TruthŠdrawn from the ScriptureŠvanquished Rome, and that victory es-tablished Protestantism in the world. Truth is always a protest against error; but truthŠreligious truthŠis at the same time the most positive thing in the world. So long as the principles and doctrines of the papacy are upheld in the world by great organizations of men, so long will Protestantism be a proper designation for the opposing principles of truth. For one who makes no protest against the principles of the papacy, might as well identify himself with the papal party. "The Protestant faith" presents no contradiction in Ł terms. "I do not believe," is a phrase of papal coining. Concerning truth, the meaning of Protestantism is, "I believe;" concerning error it is "I protest,"Šwhich, of course, implies nonŁbelief; but papal opponents have taken this negative side of Protestantism and held it up before the world as being the only aspect which Protest-antism presents. It required something very positive on the part of Wycliffe, Luther, and other leaders of Protestantism to make headway against the vast and long-established power of the papacy. It required a very positive belief of gospel truth,Šit required true faith. And the fact that Protestantism did make headway against that great system, even through the dungeon, the rack, and the stake, is evidence of the most convincing kind that it was, and is, the most positive thing in the world. And anybody who will practice true, Protestantism to-day will not be long Łin discovering that it must of necessity be as positive a thing to-daŁy as it ever was in the past. It is well known by all that those Americans who oppose the conduct of the United States in the Philip-pines, do so solely upon the principles of the Declaration of Independence. And yet the sending of such literature  to the Filipinos is definitely denounced as treason by the imperialist newspapers. And the most peculiar thing about the whole matter is that the charge of treason against such conduct is not far from correct; for the Constitution defines treason as the levying war against the United States or giving aid and comfort to the ene-mies of the United States. And since the United States counts the Filipinos as enemies, and as guilty of levying war, it is plain that to justify them in it and encourage them in their resistance by sending them literature, even though it can all be done with the plain reading of the Declaration of Independence, can be made to appear as at least akin to giving them aid and comfort. But what a queer turn of affairs it is by which loyalty to the fun-damental principlei of the Government of the United States becomes treason against the Government of the United States! Than this what could more plainly mark the complete apostasy of the Government of the United States? And what but national ruin can possibly follow such national apostasy? Christian or HeathenŠWhich? A SHORT time ago at a banquet in Philadelphia the Chinese minister to the United States was present and made a speech in which he very neatly stated some quite closely pertinent truths. One of the passages is the fol-lowing:Š "The most important questions with which the Chi-nese government has to deal arise from the spirit of com-mercialism and the spirit of proselytism. Unfortunately most of the troubles occurring in China have arisen from -riots against missionaries. Hence it has been said by some foreigners in China that, without missionaries, China would have no foreign complications. I am not in a position to affirm or deny this. "But let us put the shoe on the other foot, and sup-pose that Confucian missionaries were sent by the Chi-nese to foreign lands with the avowed purpose of gain-ing proselytes, and that these missionaries established themselves in New York, Philadelphia, San Francisco-and other cities, and that they built temples, held public meetings, and opened schools. It would not be strange if they should gather around them a crowd of men, wo-men, and children of all classes and conditions. If they were to begin their work by making vehement attacks-on the doctrines of Christianity, denouncing the cherished institutions of the country, or going out of their way to ridicule the fashions of the day, and perhaps giving a learned discourse on the evil effects of corsets upon the-general health of American women, it is most likely that they would be pelted with stones, dirt, and rotten eggs for their pains. "What would be the consequence if, instead of taking hostile demonstrations of this character philosophically, they should lose their temper, call in the aid of the police, and report the case to the Government at Washington for official interference? I verily believe that such action would render the missionaries so obnoxious to the Amer- 