686 AMERICAN SENTINEL. light here and there shone feebly in the midst of crime, poverty, sickness and sorrow. Prof. G. D. Herron of Grinnell College, presented a powerful appeal to the Christian conscience, pointing out'the perils in the industrial systems of the day, that menace not only life but liberty, and seek not only to enslave men for material needs, but to fetter thought, and finally bind conscience. Not only are men becoming victims to the greed of gold, but women and children as well. Thousands of children toil in coal pits, not to speak of the thousands in shops, factories, stores, etc., from the age of six and seven. The almighty dollar stands behind the souls of men with its scourge of cords. Professor Boone and others spoke of the education demanded by the times as one that would consider the individual, and his adjustment to social needs. Under sanitation, Doctors Kellogg, Quine, Danforth, and others set forth the need of public sanitation and personal health. While they insisted on the quarantine of consumptives, and the victims of other contagious diseases, they also insisted that it was incumbent on every one to have and cultivate such health as would cope successfully with the germs and microbes of this de-generating age. They discussed pure diet, hygiene and proper training, and landed the conference out of the great general mass of miseries into the home, and set it face to face with the individual. The discussion under the head of Christianity em-phasized still further the need of individual, personal contact and brought us one step onward into the realm of morals. In fact, it was clear that the realm of con-science is the fundamental realm for reform. The ques-tion under this head was warmly discussed, and left the conviction firmly fastened upon us that every man owes it to every othet; to preach to him the gospel of Christ. While much was said in regard to going to the polls, and the relation of the clergy to politics, the logic of the arguments led rather to persuasion than to law; for it was evident that each man must choose his life for him-self. The need of reform brought the conference at this period to the hopelessness of reform without regenera-tion, and so step by step from the vast social, economic miseries, we were led back to Christ the regenerator of the soul. From out the mass of theories, one command seemed axiomaticŠ"Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." At this stage Doctor Cady and Rev. Brushinghain emphasized the principle of neighborliness and Christly ministry. Man to man, heart to heart, the work of re-form is to be carried out by the power of God, working with the cooperation of the human will. W. S. Sadler and Doctor Paulson, of the Star of Hope Mission and the Sanitarium, brought forth exam-ples, proving the value of this method, and urged that Christians scatter the salt of love that is to preserve the world. All other salt is non-preservative. Doctor Mason (colored) gave an eloquent rehearsal of the progress of the colored race in our midst, also  pointing out the Christian element that accounted for the uplifting of the oppressed people, and making it clear that their progress would continue in proportion to the dissemination of the gospel. Doctor Pierson, the philanthropist; who has already given away millions in building and endowing colleges and in other philanthropies, put the capstone on the proceedings by showing how Christian men and women teachers influenced cultivated talent in the young to give itself to mission work, and to the dissemination of Chris-tian principles. He demonstrated the fact by the success that had attended his own philanthropy, that money had a mission in regenerating society, and in bringing the world to a knowledge of Christ. Under the head, "The state of the law a test of hu-man progress," it was clearly shown by Hon. Fred. M. Maynard, attorney-general of Michigan, that where law is administered equally for the protection of inalienable human rights, where civic functions are confined to civic affairs, where thought and speech are unfettered, and conscience free, the true test of progress notes the nation as in a high state of civilization and happiness. The paper deprecated any reversal of this policy, and pointed out the duty of repealing laws from our statute books that tended in another direction. Most of the speakers, in spite of the horrifying condi-tions they pictured, hoped for the millennium and the speedy reign of Christ on earth. With this conclusion many were obliged to take issue, as all the conditions pictured are signs, not of a millennium of peace, but of the overthrow of human kingdoms, the destruction of earthly governments, the desolation of the world, pre-vious to a thousand years of chaos and silence. Not till the end of the thousand years, when evil will meet its final destruction, when the earth is renewed to Edenic beauty, can we hope for the reign of Christ on earth. Then the glory of the Lord will cover the earth as the waters cover the sea. Then the ransomed of the Lord shall return and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away. Then the new Jerusalem, the city built by God, will present the type of the ideal city, and the redeemed, immortal beings will fill it with joyful hallelujahs. Till then it is the Christian's duty to preach the gos-pel to every creature, and pluck men as brands from the burning, out of the soon-coming general conflagration. The warning of the Word is, "Say ye not, A confeder-acy;" but "Prepare to meet thy God." WHEN the church argues the necessity of legislation in the sphere of religion, she argues against the power of godliness. IF the Christian Church cannot serve society better than any other organization, her mission on earth is a failure. 