THE ANIE.',IRICA.N SENTINEL. 93 instructor invokes for the support of a kingdom Christ himself declares is not of this world. Christ forbids his servants to fight for his kingdom, while the Instructor countermands his orders, arid if need be would call out the whole military power of a Government of this world to sustain a kingdom which is not of this world. The National Reform movement is but an at-tempt to revive the principles of the Covenanter Church which haye languished for two hundred years, and proposes to engraft these principles upon the Constitution of the United States so that the power of the Government can be used to enforce them. In a word, they desire to see the army of the United States march as did the armies of Scotland and England to the support of " Christ's crown and covenant." ORIENT. The American Papacy. DURING the past year, there has been largely circulated a book entitled "Our Country," that has excited a great deal of attention through-out the United States. The book, was writ-ten for the American Home Missionary Society, its object being to present "facts and arguments showing the imperative need of home mission-ary work for the evangelization of the land." In a startling, as well as splendid, Łarray of facts, it presents the growth, the size, the re-sources, and the perils of our country. Among these perils the author rightly places Romanism, and by many excellent quotations proves that it is indeed a peril. We quote a passage or two:Š Ł " The Constitution of the United States guar-antees liberty of conscience. Nothing is dearer or more fundamental. Pope Pius IX., in his Encyclical Letter of August 15, 1854, said: The absurd and erroneous doctrines or ravings in defense of liberty of conscience, are a pesti-lential errorŠa pest, of all others, most to be dreaded Ł in a State.' The same Pope, in his Encyclical Letter of December 8, 1864, anathe-matized those who assert the liberty of con-science and of religious worship,' also all such as maintain that the church may not employ force.' " " The pacific tone of Rome in the United States does not imply a change of heart. She is tolerant where she is helpless. Says Bishop O'Connor: Religious liberty is merely endured until the opposite can be carried into effect without peril to the Catholic world.' . . . The Archbishop of St. Louis once said: Heresy and unbelief are crimes; and in Christian coun-tries, as in Italy and Spain, for instance, where all the people are Catholics, and where the Catholic religion is an essential part of the law of the land, they are punished as other crimes.'" "Cardinal Manning advises Romanists throughout the world to enter politics as Romanists, and to do this especially in England and the United States. In our large cities the priests are already in politics, and to some pur-pose. . . We are told that the native Catho-lics of Arizona and New Mexico are not as energetic as the Protestants who are pushing into these territories. True, but they are en-ergetic enough to be counted. The most wretched members of society count as much at the polls as the best, and too often much more." All this and much more is true of Romanism. And although there is just cause for fear that Romanism will yet wield civil power here, and that the principles of Romanism will yet be allowed by the laws of this nation, yet we are  certain that it will never accomplish this of itself nor in its own name. We are perfectly assured that if ever Romanism gains such power in this Government, it will be through the mediumship and by the instrumentalities of the National Reform party; for, as crafty, as cruel, as bitterly opposed to our free institutions as Rome is, as this book shows she is, and as men know that she is, yet the National Reformers are willing and even anxious to join hands with her, and enlist her in the promotion of their scheme of so-called reform. We are not in this bringing against the National Reformers a railing accusation; we simply deal with facts, and the logic of facts. And in saying that the National Reformers are willing and even anxious to join hands with Romanism in America, we only state the sober truth. Please read the following statement from an editorial in the Christian Statesman, of December 11, 1884:Š " Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to co-operate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them." What the Statesman designates as "political atheism," is nothing more nor less than the present form of Government, and the present Constitution, of the United States. To oppose National Reform is to them sheer atheism; and to oppose the kind of Government which they indorse is political atheism. That no religious test shall be required of a civil ruler, is declared by Rev. M. A. Gault to be "the infidel theory of Govern ment."ŠStatesman, December 24, 1885. The "theory of Government taught in our National Constitution " is declared by Rev. A. M. Milligan to be " the infidel theory."Š Speech in the New York Convention. Again the Statesman says:Š " We cordially, gladly, recognize the fact that in South American Republics, and in France, and other European countries, the Roman Catholics are the recognized advocates of National Christianity, and stand opposed to all the proposals of secularism. . . In a world's conference for the promotion of Na-tional Christianity, many countries could be represented only by Roman Catholics."ŠEdi-torial before quoted. It is beyond question, therefbre, that what the Statesman means is that, whenever the Roman Catholics are willing to co-operate with the National Reformers in the scheme of the establishment of National Christianity in the United States, the National Reformers " will gladly join hands with them." But the Roman Catholics are always ready to co-operate in that thing. That is one of Rome's clearest char-acteristics. Rome hates our present form of Government and our present Constitution as heartily as do the National Reformers. Rome, too, would readily enough brand our present system of Government as " political atheism," if the National Reformers had not already done it for her. And everybody may rest assured that the National Reformers will have the pleasure of " gladly" joining hands with Rome, just, as soon as they shall have gained a position of sufficient importance to make it to the in- terest of Rome to join hands with them. In fact, this is exactly what Roman Catholics are commanded to do. In his Encyclical published only last year, Pope Leo XIII. says:Š "All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States, and legis-lation, to be modeled on the principles of the true church, and all Catholic writers and jour-nalists should never lose sight, for an instant; from the view of the above prescriptions." NATIONAL REFORM AND ROMANISM IDENTICAL. From the above quotations from the States-man it is seen that in European and South American countries the Roman Catholics are the recognized advocates of National Chris-tianity. National Christianity is the object of the National Reform movement; our Consti-tution and legislation have to be re-modeled be- fore this National Christianity can be estab-lished; to re-model our Constitution and legis-lation is the aim of National Reform; but this is exactly what " all Catholics" are by the Pope ex-cathedra commanded to do, and not to lose sight of it for an instant. Therefore, what the National Reformers propose to do with our Constitution and legislation is precisely what the Roman Catholics in this country are com-manded by the Pope to do. Therefore the aim of National Reform and the aim of Rome are identical, and why should they not " gladly join hands"? But that the National Reformers Will gladly join hands with Rome, is not all of the storyŠ not near all. They actually and deliberately propose to make overtures to Rome for co- operation. They actually propose to make ad- vances, and repeated advances, and even to suffer rebuffs, to gain the help of Rome in their Romish scheme of "National Christianity." Now to the proof' of this. In the Christian Statesman of August 31, 1881, Rev. Sylvester F. Scovel, a leading National Reformer, says:Š " This common interest [' of all religious peo-ple in the Sabbath 'ŠSunday] ought both to strengthen our determination to work, and our readiness to co-operate in every way with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens. We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time is not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances and gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the neces-sities of the situation." Notice, the advances are all on the side of the National Reformers. They are not only willing to make the advances, but are willing to be subjected to "rebuffs," and, being rebuffed, to make "repeated advances" to overcome the coquetry, and gain the treacherous favor of "the mistress of witchcrafts," "the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth " ! And why this willingness? Because, "It is one of the necessities of the situation "Šand the italics are his. Shades of Wickliffe, and Luther, and Zwingle, and Milton, and Wesley, and of all the martyrs! was there ever in the world a more humiliating, a more contemptible sur-render to the Papacy? How many of the American people are ready to join in it? But know of a surety that every one who joins in the National Reform movement thereby joins in a scheme for the delivery of this free land into the bloody hands of the Papacy. Just here please read again the quotations from Dr. Strong's book, at the beginning of this article, and see whether the National Reformers in 