36 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Now it was the Lord Jesus who first put this "differ-ence between duties to the state and to God," as an-nounced in the words "Render unto Caesar the things that are Ciesar's, and unto God the things that are. God's." And this difference was made by the Lord Jesus Christ for Christians, for church members, for those who believe in him, as certainly as for anybody else in the world, if not more so. This commandmentŠ"Render unto Cmsar," etc.Šwas given for Christians, as well as for others, and for all time. It is a vital principle of the Word of God and of the religion of the Lord Jesus, and cannot be rele-gated to the old absolute (or obsolete) monarchies to pass away with them. To say that this scripture relates only to the old ab-solute (or obsolete) monarchies, is only to say that the authority of God and the Lord Jesus Christ is that of an old absolute (or obsolete) monarchy. The Christian Citizen allows that where this scripture applied, "under the old absolute [or obsolete] monar-.chies, there was a difference between duties to the state and to God." And the only way in which the Citizen can save itself from that difference now is to fasten this scripture to "old absolute monarchies" and repudiate them both together. But any scheme that is compelled to repudiate the words of the Lord Jesus to save itself, is dangerous on the face of it. And any "Christians" or Christian citi-zens who are ready to repudiate the words of Jesus Christ to save their scheme, are not to be trusted in any preten-sions that they may make in their efforts to make that scheme successful. In the Name of Liberty.ŠNo. 1. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. THESE are days for laying bare the foundations, as well as making careful note of building material, that the actual relation between man and God, and man and his fellow man, may be determined and adjusted before the day of final examination dawns. There are a few principles which were spread by, the hand that framed all things, in unbroken layers of bed rock under the entire surface of humanity. Some of these have been "discovered" by social speculators; mined, quarried, and sold in the market to the loss of many, and the selfish gain of the few; and so perverted in their use that they have often become a source of despair instead of a basis of hope. The more necessary anything is to the individual, the more that it is personal in its application, the more ca-pable it is of arousing all the selfishness that is in human nature. If it is incapable of being safely divided into un-equal portions, it is incapable of any safe division or ap-portionment, except such as naturally follows each man's appropriation for himself of what he needs. This is true of air, water, heat, cold, food, love, hap-piness, liberty, salvation. Among the greatest of these, because it is that upon which depends the power of appropriation and use, is that of liberty. No other principle has been more diverted and per-vertedŠin fact, it has ceased to be recognized as a prin - ciple. It has been made over into a luxury which only a favored class can afford; and in the enjoyment of which they do not hesitate to afflict the helpless. This is not peculiar to our times. Paul saw the same evil, and gave warning when he said, "Take heed lest by any means this liberty of yours become a stumbling-block to them that are weak;" and Christ saw it, and made it the especial mission of his gospel to adjust these disputed claims which have been staked out over the world-wide field of personal liberty, and sold to the high-est bidder, regardless. It is the work of the gospel to reveal that magnificent truth, that the personal char-acter of liberty makes it as universal as life itself, and as sacred as the right to be. A man may be so incapable of using, or may so abuse, his liberty as to forfeit it; but when this forfeiture takes place it must he to that individual or power that has suf-fered from such misuse. Every human being is between two stones of respon-sibility,Šhis responsibility to God, and to man,Šand if he has his rights, must be leftŁalone to adjust his rela-tions to each in his own way, and must take the conse-quences upon himself. Whenever man, by law or undueinfluence of any sort, undertakes to interfere with man's relation to God, he assumes a prerogative which God has most sedulously avoided, for he does not attempt to meddle between man and man, except as he furnishes light to live and work by, and in his tender, Fatherly way gives instruction in principles, and gives help when it is desired in executing every benevolent purpose. Imagine a family of children taking the law of the home into their own hands, and punishing each other for disregard of the father's requirements. Such conduct would be a reflection on the father's intelligence, to say the least. The only conditions that could warrant inter-ference upon the part of one child between another one and the father, would be incapability in him, to perform the duties of his office. A great deal of human legislation is in the nature of this kind of selfish interference upon the part of one por-tion of the family between a strong, competent, and mag-nificent father, and other of his children. He has dele-gated all the power that men have any right to exercise over each other, and given plain instructions for its use between man and man; but as concerns all relations be-tween himself and each individual, he has held everything in his own hands.  As between man and man, man must have certain limited rights of legislation, and all human relations can be safely adjusted and controlled by the power which God has delegated for that purpose if properly used, but our Father is still the Father in his own house. He has not 