310 TI=M AMERICAN SENTINEL. sinful nation, a pode laden with iniquity, a seed of evil doers, clnidrert that are corrupters." Is not his council worth following? " Cease to do evil, learn to do well, seek judgment, relieve {or lighten] the oppressed, judge for the fatherless, plead for the widow." Certainly the rebuke given by the Pa-triot is well merited. But the people of Tennessee are no worse than others. Everywhere in our land hypocrisy and cant are at a premium. They are the legit-imate fruit of National Reform and will increase more and more as that delusion spreads and grows. What Religious Liberty Is. AT the Second Baptist Church last evening, Rev. Dr. Anderson, the pastor, preluded his sermon by what it is hoped will be the first of a series of timely talks on timely topics. Last night's talk was about the public schools. As it was brief and to the point it is published in full:Š " The event of greatest social import-ance to the people of Rochester this last week was the opening Ł of the public schools. It is cheering to the heart both of the patriot and the Christian to see so large a number of children receiving the education and discipline which will fit them for the duties of life, for both pa-triotism and Christianity thrive more vigorously in an intelligent community. I am glad to say that all the enemies of the public school are dead except those who derive their hostility from religious intolerance. The religious intolerants are of two classes : First are the Roman-ists. It is impossible to please them in the public school question. If we teach religion in the schools, the schools are sectarian, and if we do not teach religion in them, they are godless. The only thing that would please the Romanists exactly would be to have Romanism taught, but they are willing to compromise on a di-vision of the school moneys, which you and I share in paying, diverting part of them to the support of Romanist schools. If that is done in Rochester, I shall im-mediately put in my claim for Baptist schools, and no doubt Presbyterians, Meth-odists, Unitarians, Jews, atheists and Con-fucians would act similarly. That would be a pretty spectacle indeed, under a Gov-ernment which professes the entire sepa-ration of Church and State. "The second class of the enemies of the public school sincerely suppose them-selves to be the friends and are found principally in Protestant churches. They are the men who demand the teaching of religion in the public schools. But what religion, my friend ? Some are quite frank and say, ' Why the true religion.' But what is the true religion ? My reli-gion.' It does not take a man of large historical information to see that this is the spirit of mediaeval persecution come to life again. Others are more cautious and say, ' We would teach those funda-mental religious tenets common to all men.' But what are the religious tenets common to all men ? ' Why, the existence of God, the immortality of the soul, and the moral accountability of all men to God.' But, my friend, there are many men in. Rochester who do not believe in a God, deny the immortality of the soul, and hold themselves accountable neither to God nor anybody else. What will you do with their children ? This fact always  exasperates the advocates of religious in-struction in the public schools. Such people are exceptional, peculiar, and their children ought to be taught those great truths, even if their fathers do not be-lieve them. And what is the ground of your advocating the forcing of your reli-gious ideas on such people ? Is it not just because you happen to be in a major-ity, and is it not the old principle of con-formity to the religious opinions of the majority ? Suppose the athiests came to have a majority in Rochester, and you were exceptional and peculiar, but paid taxes just the same, what would you say if they began to teach your child atheism in the public school ? Rochester would howl with your protests. It makes a great sight of difference, whose ox is gored. "But say some, ' What of those mul-titudes of children growing up without any religious education ? ' Two things, first, the religious instruction in public schools does little good any way. Reli-gion is a voluntary principle implanted in the heart by the grace of God, and you can not force men into religion. It has been tried for centuries and always failed. And then I would not give much for the religious instruction of the multitude of irreligious teachers in our city, who would have no heart in it. But this is neither here nor there. It is not the province of the State to teach religion. That is the business of the Church and the home, and the true doctrine of religious liberty simply emphasizes the supreme duty of the Church and home to the children, by cutting them off from using the State to aid them in their own business. " I speak of this subject for I notice in the public prints the charges  how true it is I know not, that two of our school commissioners have expressed the purpose. of not appointing any more Catholic prin-cipals. Such men have not digested the first principles of religious liberty. Nei-ther has the man who so sharply criticises them in public prints and takes occasion to highly laud religious liberty, for he says that a large portion of the religious community (Romanists) has been deprived of the fair share of representation in the school principalships. This man, if elected a commissioner, would doubtless remove enough Protestants to give the Romanists a ' fair representation.' But the religious views of teachers have no bearing at all on the question. After ascertaining the good moral character of a candidate for a principalship and her ability to govern and to teach the braieches required, the board has no more right to ask her whether she is a Protestant or a Catholic than it has to inquire what sewing ma-chine she uses. The public schools are not institutions for teaching religion, but reading, writing, spelling, arithmetic and geography. I intend to take such a posi-tion that if any teacher, Romanist, Jew or atheist attempts to instill her religious views into my child's mind, I can con-sistently go to the board of education and demand the reprimand of the teacher, and, if the attempt is continued, her dismissal. I do not thank the State for attempting to teach my child religion. Let it keep its hands off. I will attend to my child's religious education myself. " When will men learn the principles of religious liberty? Every man is re- sponsible to God alone for his religious opinions."ŠRochester Democrat and Chronicle, Sept. 19, 1892. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Minnesota World's Fair Auxiliary has voted in favor of keeping the World's Fair open on Sunday. THE Atlanta Parcel and Express Company has been granted permission by the city council to run its wagons on Sundays. There were several speeches in opposition to the innovation but the petition was granted on the plea that it was a necessity as the company numbered among its patrons druggists, florists and ice cream dealers. THE World's Fair managers of the New York State exhibit are soliciting signatures to a petition asking that the Exposition be kept open Sundays. An attempt was made to obtain the names of some of the ministers of Albany. The ministers have consequently been moved to sermonize on the sub-ject, and have criticized severely the action of the women managers who voted for an open Fair. THE Methodist preachers of Wilmington, Del., recently passed the following resolutions :Š " Resolved, That we, as ministers of the gospel, and as citizens, will use our influence in every legiti-mate way to secure . . . the proper enforcement of laws made by representatives of the people for the protection of the Sabbath, and that we call on all who reverence the law of God and who desire the highest welfare of the community in which we live to join us in this work. "Resolved, That we respectfully and firmly call upon the civil authorities to enforce the existing laws concerning the observance of the Sabbath." THE Chicago correspondent of the New York World relates an interview with reference to the World's Fair with James W. Scott, of Chicago, in which Mr. Scott says, in answer to a question as to whether the World's Fair will really be kept closed on Sunday :Š Well, we're going to try hard to have it opened seven days in the week. You know Congress said it shouldn't, but when that proposition was up a good many congressmen were looking for a renom-ination. They weren't at all anxious to offend the Church people, and they voted against their con-victions merely because they didn't want to lose their chance of getting back. About one hundred of them failed of renomination and a good many of them who didn't won't be elected. The Chicago Herald has been circulating a petition for Sunday opening and already has about one hundred thou-sand names. This winter we propose to send it to Congress and we are sure that it will be voted for by many who voted to close before. There is value in such agitation as this just:in pro-portion as it can be used to emphasize principle; but when the principles which should govern the matter are lost sight of the discussion and the peti-tions are only empty words, and utterly valueless. THE New York Sun thus describes a difficulty which has arisen between the Germans of Jersey City and the clergy, on the Sunday question:Š The German element of Jersey City, more espe-cially of the Greenville section, is filled with indig-nation in consequence of an attack made upon the Greenville Turn Verein on Sunday by the Rev. Chalmer D. Chapman, rector of Grace Episcopal Church. The Turn Verein has been holding a fair, which was opened a week ago yesterday, and was advertised to close on Sunday night. The adver-tisement also announced that all the articles left over would be sold or raffled off. A sociable and a dance were also provided for to close up the fair. Mr. Chapman exhibited'a great deal of feeling in speaking of the matter. He said: I have been a resident of Greenville for nearly fifteen years, but never before in all that time have I heard of such an outrageous desecration of the Sabbath. I am ashamed of our townspeople, be-cause they allow such a desecration without at-tempting to interfere. As a minister of the gospel I can not keep silent. I would be criminally neg-ligent if I kept my mouth closed. 