50 AMERICAN SENTINEL. class? And if not, are you willing for all Americans t be of the first class, so far as concerns their individual  freedom?  The Reason Why.       Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. .Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay fork. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) Second-Class Americans. THE use of this ominous expression has come to be warranted, prospectively at least, by conditions which exist to-day in the United States. Upon this point the eminent scholar and deep-thinker, Carl Schurz, than whom no man better understands American institutions, in an address before the convocation of the University of Chicago, said: If we do adopt such a system [the system of sub-jected provinces], then we shall, for the first time since the abolition of slavery, again have two kinds of Amer-icansŠAmericans of the first class, who enjoy the privi-lege of taking part in the Government in accordance with our old constitutional principles, and Americans of the second class, who are to be ruled in a substantially arbitrary fashion by the Americans of the first class, through congressional legislation and the action of the national executiveŠnot to speak of individual masters' arrogating to themselves powers beyond the law. "This will be a difference no betterŠnay, rather somewhat worseŠthan that which a century and a half ago still existed between Englishmen of the first and Englishmen of the second class, ;the first represented by King George and the British parliament, and the second by the American colonists. This difference called forth that great paean of human liberty, the American Declar-ation of IndependenceŠa document which, I regret to say, seems, owing to the intoxication of conquest, to have lost much of its charm among some of our fellow-citizens." When there are Americans of the second class in Porto Rico and the Philippines, it will not be long till there will be Americans of the second class in the United States, and that too among. people of Anglo-Saxon blood. When the distinction of first class and second class is allowed among Americans upon a basis of difference in race, the like distinction will soon find a basis in differences of condition, as for instance, the difference between the man who has wealth, and the day laborer. There is too much distinction, socially and politically, made upon this basis already. Are you willing to become an American of the second WHY is the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and why are certain people in Congress and elsewhere, making so much stir in defense of the old ideals of American government? For answer we quote from the language used by two leading journals of this city, in support of the policy of "expansion." Let the readers note, and remember that this represents the general sentiment of the American press. Ł  The New York Sun says this:Š "The Declaration of Independence was made to suit a particular existing condition of things. . . . The proposition [that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed] was general, but the application was to a particular situation. Obviously Thomas Jefferson, the framer of the Declaration, did not intend to apply it to all people, for the social and politi-cal conditions would have made such an application abŁ surd. The consent of theIndians as to their government had not been asked then, nor has it been asked at any time since then. The consent of the negro slaves was not asked. The consent of the people shut out from the franchise by a property qualification long existing subse-quently was not asked. "The Declaration meant simply that the colonies had become tired of the British domination, deeming it op-pressive, and intended to set up a government of their own by the right of revolution. They were not laying down a principle for anybody except themselves, and they had no conception of the 'consent of the governed' as it is proclaimed by Mr. Bryan and the generally hypo-critical gang who are sympathizing with him in the hope of cheating us out of our rightful conquests." This is a flat assertion of class or race superiority between man and man in respect of their rights. Let this become established American doctrine, and "rights" will mean for Americans simply such privileges as one has the power to get and maintain. And with this the-nation with one gigantic stride will go back to the in-stitutions of despotism. The same day that the above was said by the Sun, the New York Journal said:Š "What our anti-expansionists mean when they speak of liberty is something quite different [from liberty under the American flag]. They mean power. They mean that unless the Filipinos have unchecked authority to run their government as they please, even if they run it to smash, they are not free." Liberty without power! What kind of liberty is that? Who wants that kind of liberty? And is this the ideal of liberty which is to prevail in the United States? The veriest despotism that ever was would have been willing to allow the people under it all the liberty that 