triat AMERICAN sENININVL. 833 will of necessity be purified. The morality of the State cannot possibly rise higher than the morality of the people. And if the minister gives himself wholly to the work for which he was ordained, he need have no fears about how the people of his charge will vote. Christianity, if it be real Christianity, makes men of principle; and men of principle always act in har-mony with their convictions. A. 0. TAIT. More Than Physical Rest Required. IT is a notable fact that for all that is said about a Sunday rest being so much needed for the poor laboring man, but few laboring men are putting forth exertions to obtain it, or are heard in the lecture-field championing it. If they are under-going an Egyptian bondage, as would seem from the claims of some, it indeed seems strange that their cries and groan-ings should not be heard. If they are so sorely oppressed would not the labor or-ganizations strike for Sunday rest, the same as they have for higher wages and shorter days ? The ministers are about the only men who are heard clamoring for a compulsory Sunday law. Not, however, to make men religious. Oh, no; but they only want a civil Sunday law, to protect the day as a religious institution. So they say. One clergyman in the city said : " A re-action is setting in, in favor of a God-fearing observance of Sunday." Another said: "But unfortunately the trains are moving, mails are being sent over the land, machinery is in motion, men are working incessantly, and we Christians are patronizing their employers." Which way is the reaction setting in ? Is it a fact that the world is growing more in favor of a God-fearing observance of Sunday? and that with church members a reaction to patronize Sunday breaking institutions is setting in ? It looks this way, according to these statements. It also looks as though the call for this Sunday rest law is to stop trains, the mails, etc., so that Sunday keepers cannot go on excursions or get the mails on the Lord's day. Are* Christians so weak in moral character that a civil Sunday law must be enacted to remove all temptations, so they will not break the holy day ? How much better would they be at heart if the Sunday trains were stopped, the post-offices and the gates of the baseball grounds closed, and all quiet within ? Again, it was said by a pastor of this city, in speaking on this question : " The world's health, both here and, hereafter, depends upon it," and then added, " respect for the Sabbath is the beginning of a true re-gard for eternal things." Of course he was pleading for the law on a civil basis, with purely sanitary ends in view; but at the same time argued that it will work a true regard for eternal things, and then  would not have us think for a moment that the law is to be enacted for the re-ligious observance of the day, or especially in the interest of religion. Religion is a good thing to have, and everybody ought to have it, but no one wants any religion or religious institution forced upon him by law, openly or disguised. Such action would work injury to both parties. Now let us look at it from the stand-point of physical rest. If a man must be compelled to rest one day in the week for his health, why not enact a law to this effect, allowing him to choose his own day ? I will guarantee that there are thousands of people that can just as well rest on Saturday, and feel as fresh on Sunday morning to work, attend or play baseball, as they would to rest on Sunday and work or play on Monday. There are some in the Nation who observe the seventh day Sabbath, which they believe to be commanded by the Scriptures, and who would get just as much physical rest on that day as on Sunday. The work they perform on Sunday is just as 'civil as though it were performed on Monday. Why should work or recreation that is civil on Monday be considered uncivil when done on Sunday ? It is not, and every minister in this world knows it is not. If a Sunday law is made and enforced it is because Sunday is regarded as the Lord's day, and the making of such a law would be legislating for the Lord, and can be nothing less than religious legislation. A civil Sunday rest law cannot be consist-ently argued from any other than a re-ligious 'basis. The day is a religious in-stitution, set apart for religious purposes by the Church ; and when she calls for a civil law to protect a religious institution it is incompatible with reason, and the Church is overstepping the limits of her jurisdiction.ŠE. H., in Duluth News. Conflicting Resolutions. REv. J. S. COLVIN, reporting in the United Presbyterian of September 24th, 1891, the meeting of the Kansas Synod of that denomination, says :Š This year, as last, the Kansas Synod met in For-est Grove, Ottawa, and spent nine days in synodi-cal business and Chautauqua exercises. The following, on the signs of the times was very heartily adopted: 1. Let us, as a synod, while other.churches have been threatened with destroying heresy and dis-ruption, stand by the old Bible and vindicate its claims in word and works, in a way that wisdom may be justified of her children. 2. Let us, as a synod, stand by our Christian Sabbath and its civil observance in a faithful recog-nition and observance of the fourth command-ment. Now, by the adoption of the second res-olution, they mean that they will be ear-nest in their efforts to have civil laws made for the enforcement of the observance of Sunday. But in their first resolution they propose to stand by the old Bible " and promulgate its teachings in a 'way " that wisdom may be justified of her children."  If they would only do that, they would not be threatened with destroying heresy and disruption, nor would they apply to the State to have all the people compelled to observe Sunday, or resort to the civil power to compel their members to observe Sunday in the name of the " fourth com-mandment," for they would have the law of God with the fourth commandment, and the seventh day with it, written in their hearts, and would obey it because they loved to. S. H. CARNAHAN. Ł-$  Ł  Civil Society a Social Compact. Civil, society rests upon a social com-pact between individual men acting in obe-dience to a law of their being, and under the impulse of their common nature. . . . For man is essentially a social and polit-ical, as well as a moral and intellectual being. There is a law of his nature which impels him toward political society. He has certain well-defined faculties and ca-pacities which not only seek, but depend, for their highest development, upon asso-ciation with his fellows: and while the social impulse is confirmed and justified by certain obvious advantages which belong exclusively to such association, yet, in the movement toward society, his whole na-ture is operative; and he attains the high-est development of his whole nature only in the manifold relations of such society. There is a sense, indeed, in which the individual concedes something of personal liberty and advantage in exchange for the advantages which accrue to him from his social compact with his fellows. But there is a higher sense, in which every such concession not only secures a gain, but is in itself a gain, to the individual. The obligation of society, then, is in the direction of the highest development of the individual; and the tendencies of in-dividual progress are not toward the dis-integration of civil society, but toward the better establishing and perfecting of it. Only let it be freely acknowledged that the basis of civil society is a social compact between men acting as free, but social and moral, beings, and we reach the great con-clusion that all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned ; and that civil society becomes more and more authoritative in the true sense of that word, and more and more secure, as men advance in the development and ap-propriation of civil liberty.ŠS. S. Harris, D.D., LL.D., Bishop of Michigan. THE basis of the State is the natural, its prOvince is the temporal ; the basis of the Church is supernatural, its province is the spiritual. The Church can never of right have anything at all to do with the State, and the State can never of right have any-thing to do with the Church except as it has to do with any and all other bodies or corporations. 