T HE< SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 727 powers that" be? Our answer always has been and must be, Yes, when the commands of the pow-ers that be are in harmony with the higher powers that be. In so doing we shall recognize Gad as the supreme ruler, and thus honor the law of his king-dom. This the meek and humble Jesus did, and this the meek and humble follower of Jesus will do. From the course events have taken in our nation the past few years, we may conclude it will not be long before the test that was brought upon the Hebrew captives will be our test. Rev. t3: to-I8. May we endure as they endured. H. W. REED. CAN THE WAY BE FOUND ? TOUCHING the merits of the controversy between the Filipinos and the friars, the American Israelite says: " The question of the right of the United States to make some sort of an arrangement, in the Philip-pines by which in an equitable manner its people can regain the vast properties wrung from them by the ecclesiastics can be answered in only one way. Almost, if not every nation in Europe and many,on the Western continent, have replied in the affirma-tive. It is not ' confiscation,' as the Roman Catholic Church calls it, but simple restitution of what has, been stolen. The kings and nobles who drove the serfs from their cultivated lands to turn the soil into forests for the chase, were no more guilty than the friars'Who filched from the peasants their little hold-' ings to make their freeholders slaves, upon whose labor their taskmasters grew fat. " Of all the curses that the people of the Philip-pines have labored under, none, is greater than the domination of the priestly caste. It is no wonder that the friars want the strong arm of the United States to replace that of Spain to protect them from the just wrath of an enslaved and long-suffering people. It remains to be been whether this country will lend itself to the iniquity that flourished so long under the protection of priest-ridden Spain. If this 'country intends to govern the Philippine Islands it must find some way of returning to the people the :lands of which they have been robbed by the friars, and theft relegating the latter to the position which all other priests occupy under the Constitution of the United States." No man has any right to commit any aggressiion `Whatever upon the equal rights of another, no mat-ter -h,oy,T, exalted he'rnay be, nor however humble his SUNDAY-  FISHING 'APPROVED. " IT is all right to fish on Sunday," declares the rector of the Episcopal Church at Lake_ Geneva, Wis., whose congregation 'includes many prominent-society people, with a number of millionaires who have summer homes at Lake Geneva.. The pro-priety of Sunday fishing is, however, according t'o this authority, limited by circumstances. If a man is busy through the week working to, support his family so that he has no time to go, fishing it is' all right he says for him to, engage in this sport on Sun-day, "provided he has done his duty to his Maker by attendance upon divine service at some place of worship." But " wheh a man can fish any and all of the six days of the week it is wrong for him, to do so on Sunday." While fishing is in-itself an inno-cent pastime on any day, says this Episcopal clergy-man, it is made " sinful when we indulge in it to the neglect of our religious obligations." This opinion touching this popular form of Sur"-day sport is quite in harmony with the Rothan Cath-olic conception of proper Sunday observance, and as history shows us no authority for Sunday observ-ance other than the Roman Catholic Church, we see no reason why the propriety of,Sunday fishing should be questioned, although the rector's statement is said to have given something of a shock to the larger part of the congregation to whom it was spoken. Fishing is not at all in harmony with the Bible idea of Sabbath-keeping, it is true, but while authority for Sabbath-day fishing is wanting in the text-book of Christianity it is' equally wanting for the obligation of Sunday, The Bible idea of ' Sab-bath-keeping belongs with the day Scripturally designated as the Sabbath, which is not the first day of the week, but the seventh. The Roman Catholic conception of Sabbath-keeping, on the other hand, belongs with the day set -apart by decree of that church, which is Sunday. And the longer the Prot-estants churches hold on to Sunday the more will they approximate to the Roman Catholic idea of re-ligious obligations and the more completely will they be drawn back to the ground occupied by the church from which they drew away in the sixteenth century. In short, Protestants must either give up Sunday as a religious day or give up Protestantism. To this deCision they are held by a logic that is inexorable. And of this-the Papacy is well aware. 