48 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 19, 1899. NOT the extent of territory which it covers, but the soundness of its principles of government is the essen-tial condition of national success. IT may be fortunate for America that it does not rest with the Filip-inos to pass upon the question whether or not the Americans are fitted for self-government. THE United States has nothing to gain by descending from the high plane of a teacher of the principles of free government, to the level of a power which makes its conquests by the sword. IF no person were allowed the priv-ilege of self-government so long as in the opinion of some others he was unfit for it, there would be practi-cally no self-government in the world to-day. THE Creator has supplied every individualwith the power of self-gov-ernment, and it is not for one man or one nation to decide for others whether they are capable of exercis-ing that power or not. THE vital question as regards the national policy is not what the Gov-ernment has the power to do, but what it has the right to do, in ac-cordance with the principles of free gOvernment upon which it professes to rest. THE Creator never made a man good enough to lay down rules of moral conduct for other people, or a man bad enough to have no right to conduct himself according to his own inclinations, so long as he does not invade the rights of others. CHURCH people who disclaim against polygamy may well remember that the very worst form of "plural mar-riage" is seen when a church which professes to be joined to Christ seeks the support of the State. ALL questions of morality are set-tled by the law of God; for it alone can with truth and authority define what is moral transgression. No man or body of men has the wisdom or authority to add to the trans-gressions of that law by new prohi-bitions, or to define in what a trans-gression of that law consists. THE Supreme Court of Pennsylva-nia has decided that Senator S. M. Quay must stand trial on the charges brought against him of fraudulent use of public funds. Now that his downfall appears imminent, why do not the advocates of Sunday enforce-ment rally as one man to his sup-port? Have they forgotten that Senator Quay championed their cause in the U. S. Senate in the sum-mer of '93? THE bishop of Havana, it is re-ported, has issued a letter to the va-rious parishes, directing them to "impress upon their parishioners the necessity of making contributions" for the support of the church. Unless the scheme for a "voluntary loan" by the American Government shall be put into effect, the support of the church in Cuba will rest upon a sys-tem of "voluntary contributions" made by the Cubans in lieu of the taxes collected from them formerly by the church under Spanish author-ity. If the people really love the Catholic Church, they will of course cheerfully support it under this new system. GERMANY, it is said, is backing up the Filipinos in their resistance to the authority of the United States. Of course ! what else was to be expected than that some one of the jealous Powers would sieze this ready oppor- -bulky of making trouble for this Government? This is a part of the diplomacy the Powers of Europe have been trained in for many years, and of which they are full masters. And while the opportunity remainsŠwhich will be as long as the Filipinos desire to be independent of American ruleŠwhat can be expected but that Germany or Russia or some other Power will be inciting them to revolt, and involving this nation in contin-ual trouble, and complications with the nations of the Old World which may easily result in war? It ought not to be difficult for any truly pa-triotic American to rightly answer the question, Do we want the Philip-pines? Own, rule in Havana has been turned over to the Cubans, two Cu-ban officials having been sworn into office at noon of the 14th inst., who will be at the head of the government in that city. This is pointed to as proof that the American policy formerly announced for Cuba is to be carried out, and we trust that this inference is correct. The oath of office was administered to the Cuban officials by the American General Ludlow, and binds the officials to perform the duties of their office "in conformity with the law and the or-ders of the military governor;" so that the military government still remains really paramount. THE German emperor has demanded a stronger army, so the latest dis-patches from Berlin affirm. New army bills have been introduced in the Reichstag, which call for "large increases" in the military forces. A member of the Reichstag, Herr Rich-ter, upon hearing the bills read arose and inquired if the czar's peace mani-festo was due only to "an excess of sentimentality." He was answered by another member who said that the czar's manifesto was to be taken seriously, but that nevertheless the proposed increase was necessary, be-cause the "dual alliance" (France and Russia) had grown to be stronger than the "dreibund." 