2 AMERICAN SENTINEL able of performing any of the proper functions of gov-ernment; and if it continues to be interpreted by the revolutionary principles of Protestantism, it is sure to fail. . . Hence it is, we so often say that if the American Republic is to be sustained and preserved at all it must be by the rejection of the principle of the Reformation, and the acceptance of the Catholic princi-ple by the American people." In 1892ŠFebruary 29Šthe Supreme Court by lib-eral quotations of Catholic documents, and other docu-ments embodying Catholic principles, proved to its own satisfaction and accordingly unanimously an-nounced that the establishment of the Christian religion is within the meaning of the Constitution, and that therefore this is a Christian nation. This was distinctly the interpretation of the Constitution according to the Catholic principle. As soon as this had becomelmown to the Cathdlic students of the Constitution at Rome, there was pub-lished in the United States the purpose of Pope Leo XIII. that what the church has done for other nations in the past she would now do for the United States. In order to accomplish this purpose he sent in that same year his personal representative to this country and set up, at the capital of the nation his Apostolic Delega-tion. And by that personal representative of his, Pope Leo XIII. in the next year, 1893, publicly, called "upon all the Catholics of America to go forward, in one hand bearing the book of Christian truth, and in the other the Constitution of the United States" to "bring your countrymen, bring your country into immediate Ł con-tact with that great secret of blessednessŠChrist and his church." As the Catholic Bible is the only Bible any Catholic would ever be expected by the pope to carry in one hand, so it is only the Catholic ConstitutionŠthe Con-stitution interpreted according to the Catholic princi-pleŠthat any Catholic would ever be expected by Leo XIII. to carry in the other hand. Accordingly in 1895 Apostolic Delegate Satolli be-gan to practise the interpretation of the Constitution of the United States for Catholic interests, and of course only according to the Catholic principle; and, after the example set by the Supreme Court of the United States, declared that in the Constitution there "was inserted the article of separation of the state from any religious sect." This bit of history is essential in order to a good understanding of the very latest move of Rome in this connection, which is as follows: In 1894 there came from Rome to Washington city a certain Monsignor Sharetti as auditor of the Apostolic Delegation then lately established there. About a month ago this Mon-signor Sharetti was appointed Bishop of Havana in 'Cuba. And now it is announced that this man, who, so far as information goes, has been in the United States only, about five years, was appointed to that bishopric  not only "on account of his knowledge of canon law,"-' but also on account of his knowledge of "the Constitu-tion of the United States, and the method of procedure in our courts'? I I And this special knowledge of his of "the Constitn-tion of the United States, and the method of procedbre in our courts" was especially in his favor in his receiving this appointment to the bishopric of Havana because of "the prominence in Havana of questions Concerning' the property of the Roman Catholic Church." As Bishop of Havana, of course, Sharetti will be the -principal in all questions concerning church property in,  all Cuba. Accordingly to him will fall most largely if not entirely the interpretation of the Constitution in all cases in which church property is involved. And thus the interpretation of the Constitution according to-the Catholic principle is given a new and mighty impetus and one of the largest of fields for the exercise thereof. And since it is held that the sustainment and preserva-tion of "the American Republic" depends upon the in-terpretation of the Constitution according to the Cath-olic principle, what a wide field is opened to Bisho-Sha,retti in which to show his zeal for the salvation this nation in interpreting according to the Catholic principle the Constitution of which he is said to have such special knowledge! And how far is this situation of Bishop Sharetti re-moved from a union of the Catholic Church and :the nation of which the Constitution that he is to interpret is the supreme law? And now if only there can be secured a bishop of Manila, and a bishop of Puerto Rico, each of whom like Sharetti is especially gifted in the knowledge of the Con-stitution of the United States so that he can readily interpret it according to the Catholic principle and can, have the widest possible field for the exercise of his t41-ent, then Rome will have her campaign so well in hand that she could very easily begin the interpretation of the Constitution in the United States itself. And since Archbishop Chapelle who is Apostate Delegate to Cuba, Puerto Rico, and the Philippines, has made this begin-ning with Sharetti, would it not rather be expected that he would follow it up in Puerto Rico and the Philip-pines? Indeed only a few days ago we saw the an-nouncement in print that "the papal agents want Fa-ther McKinnon to be bishop of Manila if the consent of the pbpe and President McKinley can be obtained." AS McKinnon is already coadjutor to the archbishop of Manila, his accession to the bishopric of Manila may not be very far off. And even if he should not beconi,  bishop, this could not make a great deal of differenc, since he is coadjutor to the archbishop and will be the principal one to deal with the American authorities..  Great things are going on. A. T. J. No MORTAL man 'has either the authority or: the,  power to sign the name of GOd to anything. 