138 NTY-10 Vol.,. 10, No. 18. Now we ask in all candor, does this scrip-ture teach that God rested on a particular day, or does it teach that he rested on an " institution" which is one day in seven but no day in particular ? The scripture says, "God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it; because that in it he had rested," etc. Does this scripture teach that God sanctified and blessed a particular day or that he sanctified and blessed one day in seven but no day it particular ? The above illustrates the absurdity of the Statesman's answer. But the Statesman, while making use of this jugglery against the seventh-day Sabbath, does not dare apply it to first-day obsertance. The Statesman speaks of the first day as a sanctified, holy day. But where did it get its holiness ? The only biblical account of the hallowing of a Sabbath day, the Statesman insists does not apply to any particular day. For what reason, then, does the Statesman apply it to the first day of the week? Did an all-wise God not know which day to hallow and therefore hallowed no day in particular, and then left it for finite men like the editor of the Statesman to decide which day of the seven was the proper day upon which to place this holiness ? And did God, after handing to man his holiness to be placed on a particular day which he was not able to decide upon himself,--did he then commission men like the editor of the Christian Statesman to enforce this man-hallowed day on all other men- under penalty of sin against God, and consequent final ruin; and in case a man should refuse to accept men like the editor of the Christian Statesman as vicegerent of God on earth, has God authorized them to use the heavy hand of civil law to compel him to honor the man-hallowed day ? We doubt not that at this point the States-man-  will attempt to parry this fatal logic by asserting that although the holiness of the Sabbath institution is not necessarily associated with any particular day of the seven, and can therefore be shifted from one day to the other, nevertheless God himself, the Lord Jesus, or his inspired apostles must do the shifting and not man. However, this diplomatic dodge will avail nothing unless it can be shown from the Scriptures that they did so shift the holi-ness once placed on the seventh day, to the first day. But this no mortal man can do. The Christian Statesman calls the first day of the week " the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; " but while it is recorded that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," it is nowhere stated in the Scriptures that the Sabbatirof the Lord has been trans-ferred from the seventh day to the first day. The Statesman will contend that the Lord's blessing and sanctification was temporarily attached to the seventh day of the week, but is now attached to the first day of the week; but no man can find a scripture record of the transfer of this blessing and sanctification to the first day of the week. The Christian Statesman applies the term " Sabbath " to the first day of the week; but cannot find when the Lord or the disciples ever applied that term to any other than the seventh day. The Christian Statesman asserts that al-though it was once sin to perform secular labor on the seventh day of the week, such labor can now be performed on that day with-out sin; but while teaching and practicing this, it is unable to produce a single scripture in support of its teaching and practice. The Christian Statesman contends that at one time it was lawful to do secular work on the first day of the week, but that now it is a sin against God to perform such work on that day; and yet the Statesman cannot possibly  find a single scripture to sustain this position. And what is more, it was this very lack of scriptural support for first-day observance that led to the invention of the " one day in seven but no day in particular" theory. This the-ory was invented with a view to utilizing the fourth commandment in support of first-day observance. But centuries passed before the dodge was invented, and not until the latter part of the sixteenth century did the Church seriously attempt to place the sacred robe of the fourth commandment on the pagan Sun-day. The utter absence of scriptural support for first-gay holiness must drive every " one day in seven but no day in particular" advocate to the conclusion that all the sanctification and all the holiness placed on-the first day of the week were placed there by man. For according to this position God did not intend to bless any particular day but only an institution which May be shifted from one day to another; but since neither God, the Lord Jesus, nor his inspired apostles ever shifted it from the seventh day on which it was first placed, to the first day, the holiness and sanctification claimed for Sunday are purely of human manu-facture. The Statesman hints at the close of its answer that the definite seventh day cannot be observed because of a difference of longitude and latitude. In all sincerity we ask, did not the Lord who created the world and who rested from his creative work on the seventh day, and then blessed and sanctified it " be-cause that iii it he had rested from all his work which God created and made; "Šdid not the Creator know the shape of the world which he had created ? Or did he command the observance of the seventh, day under the impression that it could, be observed, and then several centuries later learn from the editor of the Christian Statesman and others that the world was so shaped that it was impossible to observe a particular day, and therefore the best that could be done under the circum-stances would be to observe " one day in seven but no day in particular," which must be understood to be the first day of the week and 140 other, always and everywhere, the world over, under penalty of fines and imprisonment in £his life, and in the life to come everlasting torture in the flames of hell ? BETTER LATE THAN NEVER. THE Western Watchman (Roman Catholic) gives space for the following interesting com-munication:Š What Brought On the Reformation. EDITOR WESTERN WATCHMAN: Recently your paper contained a favorable notice of the Italian historian, Cesare Cantir, as the greatest modern Catholic writer of history. It was but a just tribute to the truthful-ness and great learning of the erudite Italian. Yet he uses language which many of our less accu-rate writers would not only reject, but. =reprove and condemn. For instance, when narrating the causes which led to the Protestant Reformation, he does not hesitate to say that " the sale of bulls of indulgences became one of the chief resources of the Roman Cu-ria." " Lo spaccio delle bolle d'indulgenze divenne una delle pinqui entrate della Romana Curia. "ŠTom XVI., parte 1st, c. 15, p. 29. He agrees with Alzog in the statement that there was this scandalous sale of indulgences, which awak-ened the zeal of many good churchmen, who were not timid in condemning the abuse. Speaking of the Dominican Tetzel, he narrates: " Authorized by the elector of Mayence to collect the price of the bulls in Germany, he fulfilled this office scandalously, traversing Saxony with boxes full of them, sealed and stamped. Wherever he arrived he raised a cross in the public square and vended his wares (spacciav la sus merce), and cried out, 'Buy, buy, for at the sound of each piece of money which falls into my box a soul escapes from purgatory:' "ŠIbid. If this were printed in a Protestant history we might  not give it credence, yet here it is in the words of the first Catholic historian of the age. In like manner he speaks of the causes which led to. the.  success of the Lutheran heresy in Sweden. He ascribes to the " usual scandalous improprieties " of the prothonotary apostolic, Angelo Acrimboldo, who was sent to gather the tax for the indulgences in that country, much of the evil which resulted. To this must be added the political mistakes of the hierarchy of Sweden. As Cantir observes: "When the tyranny of Christian IL wore out the patience of the nation, so that he was banished, Eric Troll, Arch-bishop of Upsal, clothed himself with the authority of religion to crush the national party,, and, in the name of Leo X., condemned the rebels as heretics, and pursued Gustavus Vasa to death. From this arose hatred of the religion of- Rome, and the latter turned it to his own purposes in his hatred of the Danes."ŠTom XVI., part 2, c. 28, Ed. Turin, 1845. Much in the same way he explains how the English nation was drawn away from the unity of faith. In these three great Northern nations, worldly motives and financial, as well as patriotic, reasons began the religious disturbances. On both sides interests not all holy drew the minds of leaders into harsh and u n-Chris-tian ways, which leave their evil consequences to the present day. Historians like Cantir teach wisdom to their readers by pointing out, honestly, the errors of the past, I. N. The Western Watchman, commenting edito-rially on this communication, says:Š We . print a notice of Cesare Cantir, who died re-cently in the odor of sanctity and crowned with the laurels of a splendid historical achievement. He was a special friend of the present pope. The particulars of the preaching of the indulgences in the days of Martin Luther are shocking; but they are true. We always regarded those villainous monks as the real au-thors of the Reformation, and chief among them in blaSphemous effrontery that arch-hypocrite, Tetzel. This honest acknowledgment of patent facts of history is late, but better late than never. THOUGHTS FOR THE THOUGHTFUL. JUDGE PARKS, in charging the jury in the case,of the trial of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee, said :Š - The carrying on of ordinary business or any kind of secular labor on Sunday, if so conducted as to attract public attention, is indictable under the laws of the State. It is not necessary to show that any person was disturbed by such an act; it is sufficient if the act was done in such a public manner as to be open to the observation of the public. [Italics mine.] Writers on jurisprudence assign two reasons for the origin of civil law. Jeremy Bentham and Mr. Austin sought to establish as the basis of law, " The greatest good of the great-est number." Sir Henry Maine concludes that " Law is the result of the needs of the community in which it originated." Allow-ing either of these reasons to be the true basis of law, the question arises, How could a law bring the greatest good to the greatest num-ber (or any number for that matter) the vio-lation of which brings no harm to either the person or property of anybody,Šno, not so much as to even disturb a single member of society ? Or what need could there be for a law that if violated by every, member of the community in which it originated, not a single individual in all that community would be injured in the least ? But on the other hand, if the officers of the State enforce the law, the persons *violating it would be subjected to pains and penalties; though not having in-jured a single individual in the State,Šno, not having even disturbed anyone. Is not such a law unjust in the extreme ? But such is the nature of every civil Sunday law ever made. If every individual in the community should follow his honest calling on Sunday, whatever that might be, not a soul would be injured by it any more than if done on any other day of the week. There can be no call for a civil law that, when violated, does not make the person violating it a criminal. Any law forbidding 