164 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. except on condition that religion is to be respected by Sabbath closing. . Boycott is a hated word, because abused, but no Christian will seriously declare that there are not institutions that ought to be boycotted. If the World's Fair with Sunday opening should not fail, it would boom Sabbath-breaking all over the world for a century. In case of opening, friends of the Sabbath would be bound not only to shun it as they would a Sunday saloon, but to fight it as they would an invading army whose avowed purpose was to crush American Christian institutions. If this does not show the Satanic spirit that actuates those who, while calling themselves " Christian" would adopt un-christian methods to compel others to comply with their demands, then nothing could show it. The boycott is unchristian and never can be anything else. The proposition is not only to remain away from the Fair on Sunday, but to boycott it on every day and in every feature if it is open on Sunday. That is if in the esti-mation of these Sunday zealots -the man-agers of the Fair do wrong on Sunday they will see to it that they are punished on Monday. They forget that the Scripture says, " Avenge not yourselves, but rather give place unto wrath; for it is written, Vengence is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." Or perhaps they realize that the Lord has no controversy with those who carry on legitimate business on Sunday, and so fear to leave the matter in his bands. They have robbed God of his own sacred memorial of the finished cre-ation, have, as it were, forced upon him another dayŠthe sun's dayŠand fearing that God does not accept the substitute, they propose to bolster it up by boycott, leg-islative enactments, police regulations, etc. C. P. B. .4-. Ł THE Parkhurst episode is still attracting a good deal of attention in this city. The wretched woman who kept the house where Dr. Parkhurst and his party wit-nessed the beastly show, has been found guilty of keeping a disorderly house, and, as the world goes, she is deserving of no sympathy. BUT the the fact of the guilt of this wicked and depraved woman, does not justify a Christian minister in prostituting his powers to so base a purpose as enticing women to indecent acts in order that he may become a competent witness against them. The gospel commission is to preach, not to prosecute. A minister of Christ has no authority to play the detective. Š0Š CHRIST dealt mildly not only with the erring, but with the abandoned. To the woman taken in adultery he said, " Nei-ther do I condemn thee; go, and sin no more." And why did our Lord not con-demn this woman ? Let Jesus himself answer : " For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved." John 3 :17. ŠoŠ CHRIST did not excuse sin; he granted no indulgence for sin. But because he could not at one and the same time be both Saviour and judge, he said, " I judge no man." Even when appealed to to settle a civil difficulty, by adjusting property claims, he answered, " Who made me a divider and a judge over you ?" Such work was foreign to Christ's mission, and as " the servant is not greater than his lord," should not the minister of Christ do even as Christ did ? Ł AGAIN, should a Christian ever go  where he can not proclaim himself a Christian? Should a minister ever go where he must deny his calling ? To ask these questions is to answer them. Yet, this is just what Dr. Parkhurst's mistaken conception of the nature of his sacred work led him to do. As related by Miss Frances E. Willard in the Union Signal, of May 5, she asked the Doctor this question : " How could you ever be so disguised as to escape recognition in the purlieus of New York, as a man of the highest cul-ture and character ?" Dr. Parkhurst ans-wered that he had been accused of being a judge or minister, and replied, " I am now acting as sheriff." The answer needs no comment. All can see that work which requires a denial of his sacred office can not properly be done by a minister of the Lord Jesus Christ. Š0Š BUT sad as is the picture of a Christian minister consorting with lewd women, in order that he may testify against them, the incident has brought to the sur-face the fact that there are Christian ministers in New York who labor some-thing as the Master himself did, for the moral uplifting and eternal salvation of even depraved women. Rev. Benjamin -F. De Costa, Pastor of the Church of St. John the Evangelist, is one of this class. When the woman decoyed by the man who abdicated his ministerial office that he mightact as " sheriff," was awaiting sentence, Dr. De Costa addressed a letter to the Court, saying : " I ask mercy for this poor creature, who is better than some of her accusers." A reporter sought an interview with the Doctor, and learned that he is Secretary of the White Cross Society, set on foot eight years ago in this country to keep men pure. Of the woman convicted by Dr. Park-hurst's testimony, Dr. De Costa said :Š Women like Hattie Adams are the sad results of society as it exists at present. They are victims of present social conditions. You and I, as entities of society, as it breathes and moves and has its being to-day, are responsible, in greater or less degree, for the fall of the woman we are talking about. Who shall throw the first stone ? Shall it be you or I ? In any event, shall humanitarians stone her ? Shall God's priests and chosen ministers stand by and revile her? I do not think so. If I did I should not be one of the organizers and the present head of the White Cross Society of the United States. Years and years ago there was a woman taken in adultery. Nobody need be reminded of the ver-dict passed on her. What was Christ's charge to her ? Of the two men personally, we know nothing. Doubtless they are equally hon-est, but what Christian can doubt that Dr. De Costa's society is more nearly in harmony with the gospel of Christ than is the society whose agents depend on the civil law for the promotion of moral- ity ? C. P. B. Religion on Ice in the District of Columbia. THERE has been introduced in both the Senate and House "A bill to prohibit the delivery and sale of ice within the Dis-trict of Columbia on the Sabbath day, corn,  monly known as Sunday." The bill would enactŠ That from, and after the passage of this act, it shall be unlawful to sell or deliver ice in any quan-tity or quantities, by means of wagons or other vehicles, on the public streets or thoroughfares or at depots or offices within the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day, commonly known as Sunday. SECTION 2. That any person or corporation vio-lating the provisions of this act shall be liable to a  penalty of not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than fifty dollars for each offense, upon con-viction in the police court of the District of Colum-bia. SECTION 8. That acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed. Upon this bill being submitted to the District Commissioners for their approval, they recommended the striking out of the words " at depots or offices," and the in-sertion, after the word " Sunday," the words, " nor at depots or offices of ice companies except between the hours of five and nine o'clock A. M., and five and six o'clock P. M., on that day." In reference to this bill a communica-tion to the Washington Evening Star, of April 29, says From a purely humanitarian standpoint it is to be hoped that the bill recently introduced to pro-hibit the sale or delivery of ice on Sunday will be-come a law, and, while the matter is under consid-eration and the rights of the working people are being considered, I think it a timely suggestion that the sale or delivery of groceries on Sunday can readily be dispensed with. . . . It would be a shame to work mules on the canal as these boys and young men are worked. They would take it as a great boon if only these Sunday hours of labor were taken from them. While the sympathy of our large hearted legislators is going out toward oppressed humanity, I hope it will be broad enough to take in this class of laborers, by enact-ing a law that will relieve them from Sunday work. It is not at all strange that the writer of this communication ardently desires the success of the Sunday ice bill, for the principle involved in both is the same, and if one were passed the other would follow naturally, and the door being opened for that class of legislation, no limit could be set short of the enactment of the whole line of religious legislation asked. The same principle applies to this that applies to all. This differs from all the rest only in its restricted applica-tion. The religious clause in the Blair Educational amendment, the Blair Sun-day Rest bill, the local Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, the bill forbidding appropriation of money to expositions which open on Sunday, the proviso con-ditioning Government appropriation to the World's Fair upon Sunday closing, and this last, to prohibit the sale and de-livery of ice on Sunday in the District, are all but slight variations of the same thing, a persistent attempt to lead Congress to commit itself to a line of religious legis-lation, which, having once entered upon, it must follow and obey the behest of the majority of religionists, with the same Ł zeal with which congressmen conform to the political views of their constituents. Those who have been instrumental in the presentation of this Sunday ice bill are saying that now a bill has been drafted which no one can oppose. Why not? It is only a smaller edition of the same thing. It does not vary at all from the " bill to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday in the District of Colum-bia," except that the one is an attempt to secure a sweeping Sunday law which shall include all forms of labor and secular occupation, while this specifies one, and thus paves the way for other special enact-ments, which will at length reach the full requirements of the general act. But the extent of the application of the act is not the question. The character of the legis-lation asked is vicious. If the require-ments of the bill were so restricted as to apply to but one man in the District of Columbia, instead of to one occupation, the thing asked would be just as evil, and in its present form is just as pernicious as its predecessor, the local Sunday bill, 