88 AlVit TUE CAN-  S1E/qr."' Tkrk, Vot. 10, No. 11. NEW YORE, MARCH 14, 1895. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. OUR letter from Switzerland, (page 84) announces the result of the trial of Henri Revilly whose case was referred to last week. THERE is trouble in the Presbyterian Church. The church is divided on certain questions, into what is called the " minority " and " majority" divisions. The Evangelist rep-resents the minority and the Presbyterian, the majority. We publish on page 87 of this issue an editorial criticism from the Evan-gelist of the methods which the Presbyterian employs to increase its circulation. Our com-ment is, "Babylon is fallen." ALL should read the article in this issue entitled, " The Failure of the Pulpit." It is written by a Methodist and published in a leading Methodist Church paper, and is there-fore the statement of one who knows whereof he speaks, and who speaks as a friend and not as an enemy of the Methodist Church. No one familiar with the sins of "the man of sin" and the manifest symptoms of those sins as delineated by prophecy and recorded in history, will fail to recognize in the facts stated in the article referred to, a perfect description of the papal apostasy. Ł ROMAN CATHOLIC and Protestant religious papers are just now engaged in a love feast. The occasion for this is the recent Roman Catholic demonstration in favor of Sunday closing, in which it was resolved to aid non-Catholics (Protestants) in preserving the sa-credness of Sunday. The Protestant press was wonderfully pleased with this and pub-lished columns of editorial commendation and rejoicing. The Catholic papers copied these and renewed their loyalty to Sunday. These Roman Catholic editors must laugh in their sleeves at the way Protestants hug the papal Sabbath, THE Monitor (Roman Catholic), in its issue of March 2, publishes a review of an article in the Amador Record advocating religious teaching in the public schools. The Monitor's review which embodies some good points well stated against that colorless thing " non-sectarian Christianity," contains the following reference to Seventh-day Adventists:Š If the public school goes into the business of teach-ing the ten commandments it will have to go into the business of explaining them. If they are all com-mandments, all are important and all must be incul-cated. If so, how are we to get over the elementary question of the observance of the Sabbath ? Remem-ber that thou keep holy the Sabbath day, is one of those " plain, self-evident " truths of which the Ama-dor Record speaks, yet who shall say which day of the week is to be observed as the day of rest ? If the public school teachers decide that Sunday is the Lord's  day the Jews will have a right to complain. And not only Jews but the Seventh-day Adventists can object.to this interpretation. In fact to these latter the observ-ance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath is a mark of antichrist and the proof of the great apostasy. They will protest that this is sectarian teaching, and as they are experienced hands at protesting, the Amador. Record and the public school teachers might soon learn that their trials and tribulations had only begun. We are pleased to note that the Monitor recognizes that Seventh-day Adventists are " experienced hands at protesting." We are glad that it recognizes that Protestantism is not yet dead. And right here we protest against the Monitor's quoting the Sabbath commandment from the catechism instead of from the Bible. If it had quoted from the Bible instead of the catechism it would have experienced no difficulty in determining which day is the Sabbath. The catechism which reads, " Remember that thou keep holy the Sabbath day," is very indefinite and needs " explaining;" but the Bible which says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath," is very definite and needs no " explaining." And this very assumption of power on the part of the Roman Catholic Church to substitute its law for the law of God constitutes the "mark of antichrist and the proof of the great apos-tasy." . Ł More Persecution in Tennessee. ONE of our editors, who is in attendance at the trials of the Seventh-day Adventists at Dayton, Tenn., who were charged with maintaining a nuisance by laboring on Sun-day, telegraphs that there were ten de-fendants found guilty on seventeen separate charges, and fined two dollars and fifty cents and costs on each of the seventeen charges. We have not yet learned the names of these ten victims of the Sunday-law crusade, but from previous correspondence we are able to state that one of them is Prof. G. W. Colcord, President of the Graysville Academy, a Sev-enth-day Adventist institution. Prof. Colcord is also an ordained minister of the denomina-tion. It is quite likely that a large proportion of the seventeen convictions are against him, as he was charged with six offenses. The telegram states that the judge suspended the fines, but that the. costs must be paid by the convicted parties, or they, will be com-mitted to jail. The telegram further states that three local lawyers volunteered to plead the cases gratis; also that the defendants have asked for a new trial and an arrest of judgment. This is the largest number of Seventh-day Adventists convicted at one time, and does not bear out the prediction of some that these persecutions were only surface agitations on the on-flowing tide 'of liberty and would soon subside. Tennessee has been at this persecut-ing business a long time, and now, instead of showing signs of improving, is steadily grow-ing more intolerant; and the example is being followed by other States at home and abroad. Verily, the Scripture is true which says, " And the dragon [" that old serpent called the Devil and Satan "] was wroth with the  woman [the Church], and went to make war with the remnant [the last Church or the Church in the last days] of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ." Rev. 12: 17. We will furnish our readers a full account of the trials in our next issue. LATER :ŠAnother telegram received just before going to press announces that the ten convicted parties, which include Eld. G. W. Colcord and his nephew, Prof. I. C. Colcord, have been refused a new trial and are now locked in the county jail at Dayton, Tenn., and, in consequence, the Graysville Academy is closed. And this is in America in the year eighteen hundred and ninety-five ! THE Western Watchman (Roman Catholic) speaks thus defiantly of the power of its church :Š The German Emperor applauded the statement made in the Reichstag the other day that the two prac-tical dangers that now menaced the Fatherland were Socialism and Catholicism. If the church is an enemy then is she the greatest under the stars. Whatsoever she falls on shall be crushed to powder. We surmise from the last sentence that the Watchman refers to " the stone which the builders rejected," which "is become the head of the corner." It is said of this stone, which is Christ (Eph. 2: 20), " Whosoever shall fall upon that stone shall be broken; but on whomsoever it shall fall, it will grind him to powder." Luke 20: 18. If it is upon the authority of this text that the Watchman pre-dicts the crushing of the German Empire by the Roman Catholic Church, it is terri-bly mistaken, for that stone is Christ. However, the fate of the Roman Catholic Church is symbolized by a stone. We refer to Rev. 18: 21, which reads : " And a mighty angel took up .a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus with violence Alan that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found no more at all." A GENTLEMAN of North Fork, Tenn., signing himself " Dr. Jas. M. Williams," has attacked ex-Senator Wm. P. Tolley, our in-defatigable champion of religious liberty in Tennessee, for the views he expressed in these columns last fall, against prosecuting Seventh-day Adventists for performing Sunday labor. Mr. Tolley's article was reprinted in the Martin Mail, of Martin, Weakley County, Tenn., near where Mr. Capps was imprisoned last fall. Dr. Williams has written an alleged reply to the article, and we are well satisfied to leave him to the tender mercies of Mr. Tolley, but we cannot refrain from quoting one paragraph, which gives a new but im-pressive reason for the enactment and en-forcement of Sunday laws. Here it is:Š When I was a boy my people showed me a man in the moon, and said he was put there for burning brush on Sunday, and that has always had a bearing on me. Those persons who have been wondering what influence had been brought to bear on those professedly Christian people of Tennessee, who are so thoroughly con-vinced that they ought to put their Seventh-day Adventist neighbors in jail for working on Sunday, will read this explanation with interest. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 45 Bond Street, New York City. 