AMERICAN SENTINEL. 23 Laws should be made for the protection of the weak against the encroachments of the strong, to protect the minority against the oppressions of the majority. This is the aim and purpose of all written constitutions and should be the spirit which permeates all laws, whether based upon a written constitution or not. The pages of history abound in examples of the terrible persecutions in which the majority of society in-dulge when unbridled by constitutional restraints of any kind. We have but to turn to the closing scenes of the French Revolution to call to the cheek of humanity the blush of shame and indignation. Is it altogether within the category of impossibilities that these scenes may again be enacted at our very doors under the blight-ing hand of religious persecution? Coming again to the cases at bar. As has already been said, the prosecution has thrown off all disguise, and does not claim that this law is of a civil character, but is religious in all essential characteristics, and in its execution necessarily invites the decision of a religious question. The claim is boldly made that this is a Chris-tian community, and the right exists in the civil author-ities to enforce the observance of Sunday, claiming it to be the Christian Sabbath, not only vesting them with the right to determine the question of manner and mode of observance, but also to decide the question of which (lay is the Sabbath of the Lord, regardless of divine law. This is indeed a move backwardc towards the Blue Laws of the early days of this century, and unless checked, will lead again to the fires of religious persecution being lighted all along the line and burning fiercer than ever, and the horrors of those days will be again repeated in all their harrowing details. It is passing strange that persons of experience, intelligence and learning cannot see the natural drift of such legislation, and of the at-tempt to enforce it, viewed in the light and lessons of history. God has visited with his wrath in time every people who have indulged in such persecutions. We need but to look at the fair and fertile countries of South and Central America, and then recall their history for more than a century, and see an example of a people sealed with the wrath of God for the sins of religious persecution. The prosecution contends that punishment of these defendants for doing a little work on Sunday is not the important issue involved in the case, but it is to teach this obscure sect that they must recognize the sanctity of the Christian Sabbath (meaning Sunday) and learn not to profane it and offend the prevailing religious sentiment of the community. It is not even the open defiance of the law from a secular standpoint, upon which the prosecution claims a verdict of guilty, but it is contended the jury should find the defendants guilty, viewed from a religious standpoint, and thereby put the seal of condemnation upon the entire religious sect to which they belong. I have endeavored, however imperfectly, to discharge my duty to God, society and these defendants, and now  leave the case with you. It remains for you to say by your verdict whether you will lend a helping hand to the devastating flood, or whether you will do your part to stem the backward flow of the tide, which threatens to destroy the last vestige of constitutional government, and bury the liberties of the people beneath the ruins beyond all hope of resurrection until the dawning day of the new heaven and the new earth. It Sounds Strange. BY T. E. BOWEN. ONE thinks nothing of reading about the nations of Europe threatening one another, and telling one another they must do this and that, and not do so and so. For years they have been wrangling over the territory on their side of the world until the world has come to look at that as a matter of fact: but to read such utterances as the following, from the once peaceful government of the United States, certainly sounds strange:Š " Formal Protest Made. Uncle Sam Objects to French Extension of China. Washington, Dec. 24.ŠInstruc-tions were sent by the State Department yesterday to Minister Conger, at Peking, to protest in the name of the United States against the granting by the Chinese Government to the Government of France of an exten-sion of the French extra territory or foreign settlement at Shanghai." One brief year ago such a protest by the United States would have been considered very much out of place, even by Americans. But since the acquisition of the Philippines, our once free Republic, has become in-volved in all the disputes of the Kings of the East; for she has herself assumed to be one. And now she feels at liberty to dictate to those nations what they shall or shall not do. This means that she stands ready to see that her suggestions are carried out; that instead of war being an almost unthought-of event as it was only a year ago and prior to that, we stand where at any moment our Government (and ,this means the people, and therefore means you) shall be plunged into the horrors of a for-eign war, not with an old decaying power, but with na-tions drilled and more thoroughly equipped than is this nation. To a class, inspired with this new infatuation of ex-pansion, such threats smack of courage and valor; but to the true friends of the Republic, those who must pay the taxes and place carefully on almost everything war revenue stamps, such meddling with foreign affairs, such ticklings of the war spirit, such playings into the East-ern vortex of nations, do not smack of true courage, but of a braggadocio that some day may meet humili-ating reverses, which may cause somebody to stop and think long enough to entertain the conviction that our Republic has entered upon the wrong road in its national career. True, patriotism might not be an improper name for such thinking and acting just now. Newburg, W. Vs. 