......................................... "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 32. NEW YORK, AUGUST 13, 1896. Price, Three Cents. American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FfICIFIC PRESS 1'U13LISHING coNrdNy, 30 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY EDITOR, - - - C. P. BOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR, - L. A. SMITH. THE SPIRIT OF THE CRUSADES. A NEW crusade is being preached against the Turk. We have no " Peter the Hermit" in these days, but we have men who come not far behind that old-time leader in zeal and fiery eloquence against Islam. These men have left nothing undone to move the nations of Christendom to invade the Turk's domain, and either exterminate him or-drive-him " bag and baggage" away from the con-fines of civilizatian. As with those anti-Islam crusades of which history speaks, the animus of the movement is religious, more than secular. It has its strongest advocates among the leaders in religious enterprise. It is urged upon relig-ious grounds. The Turkish Mohammedans are slaughtering the Armenian ChristjRns. Therefore let Chriltondorki arouse, an ;'-sword in hand, put a sudden and effectual stop to Islam's red-handed propaganda. We referred not long since to the inflam-matory speech of Evangelist B. Fay Mills along this line before a large Christian En-deavor audience at Washington. That meet-ing and that speech constituted one of the most noteworthy features of the convention, and attracted wide-spread attention. While it evoked some criticism, as an arraignment of the United States Government, it was in harmony with the general tone of newspaper comment, both secular and religious, upon the Armenian situation. The general senti-ment evidently is, that the " Christian na-tions" of the world, our own included, ought to muster their armies and navies upon the shores of the Levant and put down the Turk with a strong hand. The great obstacle that stands in the way of this is the (in the lang-uage of Evangelist Mills) "unpatriotic, un-civil, undemocratic, unrepublican, un-Ameri-can, unchristian, selfish, weak, wicked, bar-baric, and criminal" policy by which these " Christian nations" are controlled. The Turkish massacres in Bulgaria a few years since, which led to the last Russo-Turk-ish war, drew forth the same sentiment from " Christian " sources. At that time the late Bishop A. Cleveland Coxe gave utterance to this sentiment in the following lines:Š Trump of the Lord! I hear it blow! Forward the Cross; the world shall know Jehovah's arm's against the foe; Down shall the cursed Crescent go! To arms! To arms! God wills it so! God help the Russ! God help the Czar! Shame on the swords that trade can mar! Shame on the laggards, faint and far, That rise not to the holy war! To arms! To arms! The Cross our star! How long, 0 Lord! for thou art just; Vengeance is thine; in thee we trust; Wake arm of God! and dash to dust Those hordes of rapine and of lust. To arms! To arms! Wake, swords that rust! Forward the Cross! Break, clouds of ire! Break with the thunder and the fire! To new Crusades let faith inspire; Down with the Crescent to the mire! To arms! To arms-! To vengeance dire! To high Stamboul that Cross restore! Glitter its glories as of yore. Down with the Turk! From Europe's shore Drive back the Paynim, drunk with gore! To arms! To arms! To arms once more! We have nothing to say in mitigation of the crimes of the Turk. But we must raise our voice in protest when such sentiment as this is breathed forth in the name of Chris- tianity. The professed representatives of Jesus Christ would go forth armed with mili-tary weapons for a new crusade. It would be well if they would first pause and reflect upon the results of those first " Christian " cru-sades undertaken centuries ago. It may be true that the Turk is slaughtering people of all ages, sexes and conditions by the thousands. The horrors of the situation, as depicted in the press reports, are probably not exaggerated. The Turk, it appears, is animated with a fiery and unquenchable hatred of the " Chris-tians." But here is a question we would like these would-be Crusaders to consider: Where did the Turk first get this fierce and inextinguishable hatred of the " Chris-tians" ? Was it not very largely the result of those first Crusades which, in the eleventh and twelfth centuries, carried fire and sword into the midst of the Turkish domain, spreading death and ruin in their track, and wresting from the Turk, for a time, an important por- tion of his territory? Certainly, the charac-ter and results of those undertakings were well calculated to kindle an undying hatred of their perpetrators in the Moslem breast. Consider the following pen picture of the histo-rian, relative to the Crusaders' storming of Jerusalem :Š The Saracens gave way before them. They retreated through the streets, fighting at intervals until they were driven into the precincts of the mosque of Omar. Blood flowed in the gutters, and horrid heaps of the dead lay piled at every corner. None were spared by the frenzied Christians, who saw in the gore of the infidels the white way of redemption. Ten thousand dead, scattered through the city, gave token of the merciless spirit of the men of the West. Another ten thousand were heaped in the reeking courts of the great mosque on Mount Moriah. "God wills it," said the pilgrims. The indiscriminate butchery of the Saracens was carried out by the rank and file of the Crusading army. In this bloody work they needed no incentive Šno commander. Each sword flamed with hatred until it was cooled in the dripping life of the enemies of Christ.* "The spirit of the massacre," the historian adds, "is well illustrated in the letter which the Christian princes sent to his holiness the Pope. The devout writers say: I If you wish to know what we did to the enemies we found in the city, learn that in the portico of Solo-mon and in the temple our horses walked up to the knees in the impure blood of the Sar-acens.' " What spirit was this calculated to inspire in the Saracenic breast other than that which the Turk has ever since manifested toward those whom he deemed to be identified with these invaders in profession and purpose? When the Turk started out on his career of missionary conquest, in the seventh cen-tury, he was animated by no such spirit as that which has moved him to the slaughter of Christians in more modern times. The instructions given by Abu Bekir, the succes-sor of Mohammed, to his military commander, and which, says the historian, "may well be repeated as illustrative of the spirit of young Islam going forth to conquest," ran thus:Š Treat your soldiers with kindness and considers- *Ridpath's "History of the World," Vol. II, p. 325, 