iiiiiiiiiiiiiii Equal and &xactJugtice to all Men, of Whatever kitate or Persuasion, Religious or Political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 27, 1892. NUMBER 42. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE leaders and managers of the Sun-day law cause, evidently, take great pride in advertising themselves as "the best people of the land," and "the law abiding people of the country." This is evident from the fact that they take occasion to announce themselves as such by preamble and resolution, and speech, in their mass-meetings. They never lose any such op-portunity to exalt themselves as " the best people," and " the law-abiding por-tion " of the community or the whole country even. 'Š THE fact is, however, that this claim is as much of a fraud as is all the rest of their claims. It is of the same piece as all the rest of their boasts. It is absolutely fraudulent. The fact is that these very men are the least law-abiding people in the United States. They have no re-spect for any law but such as their own arbitrary will demands and approves. Without the slightest hesitation, they disregard and override the supreme law of the Government of the United States and of the government of the universe. _0_ THE supreme law of the Government of the United States, the Constitution, posi-tively prohibits any legislation on the subject of religion. Yet, in spite of this, in utter disregard of the supreme law of the land, these men by threats of forceŠthreats of the loss of votes, the only force at their commandŠobliged Congress to legislate upon a religious subject, to de-cide a religious question, and to take their side in a great religious controversy. And  in this they have plainly overridden the Constitution, and violated the supreme law of the land. And they know it. Š0Š THEY know it, and we know that they know it. The National Reform Associa-tion is the ring leader in this whole reli-gious combination for political purposes. This Association has been working for nearly thirty years for national Sunday legislation. But knowing that Sunday is religious, and religious only, they argued from the first that such legislation would be unconstitutional as the Constitution stands; and therefore they, for more than twenty years, advocated and demanded an amendment to the Constitution which should declare this to be "a Christian Na-tion," and so create a basis for national Sunday legislation as " the Christian Sab-bath." Š"Š THUS, by their own arguments of more than twenty years, we know that they know that Sunday legislation by Con-gress is unconstitutional. Yet, in con-flict with their own continued arguments, these men take the lead in petitioning and threatening Congress for Sunday leg4sla-tion. One of their own number, who had argued for years the unconstitutionality of such legislation, spent the whole of the late session of Congress at the Capitol as " a Christian lobbyist " to secure this very unconstitutional legislation. And now, having secured this legislation which they know to be unconstitutional, having thus knowingly violated the supreme law, hav-ing thus subverted the Constitution, these very men take the lead in getting up and managing mass-meetings to endorse their unconstitutional action, and vote them-selves the law-abiding people of the Na-tion. Š0Š WHY, their action is as much worse than that of the average law-breakers, as the supreme law of the land is greater and more important than the local statutes. The average law-breaker damages the in-dividual; these supreme law-breakers  damage the whole Nation. The average law-breaker invades the rights of the in-dividual; these supreme law-breakers have invaded, and even swept away, the rights of all the people. The average law-breaker disregards social order only in the locality where he is; while these su-preme law-breakers strike at the very existence of social order by breaking down the chief governmental safeguard. For the average law-breaker, there is always a ready remedy in the regular forms of governmental order; but for these su-preme law-breakers who have broken down the established safeguards of gov-ernmental order itself, where is the rem-edy ? Š0Š Ah! there is a remedy for this too. It is in the hands of God, the Author of gov-ernmental order. Against all their at-tempts to do this great evil, we ever ap-pealed to the Constitution, the grand charter and safeguard of the rights of mankindŠthe embodiment of the true principles of governmental order. And now that they have done the evil, and in the doing of it have overridden the Con-stitution, broken down this safeguard of the rights of mankind, and smitten the very citadel of governmental orderŠnow we appeal to the Author of governmental order itself. And our appeal is heard. We wait in perfect confidence. The just judgment will be rendered in due time. Š0Š THESE facts demonstrate that instead of their being truly the law-abiding por-tion of the people, these men are the chief est law-breakers in the landŠthe most lawless of all the Nation. Nor is this at all to be wondered at. For in or-der to accomplish this their bad purpose, they "gladly joined hands" and hearts with the PapacyŠthat power which the Lord designates as " the lawless one " and as the very " mystery of lawlessness " it-self. 2 Thess. 2: 3, 7, (revised version). For eight years continuously, the Na-tional Reformers advertised themselves as ready "to make repeated advances, and 