AMERICAN SENTINEL. 107 Jack's Lesson in Liberty. "HERE, Jimmie! come here, right off. I want you to carry this gun in our brigade." Thus addressed, "Jimmie" looked up from his play as he recogniZed the voice of Jack Martin, the leader in affair's among the boys of his age in the village school. It was May Day, and the younger pupils of the school, under the supervision of their teachers, were enjoying a half-holiday at the village picnic grounds, where woods and lake and meadow combined to provide the requisites of a place suited to physical and mental recreation. "Come here," repeated Jack, "you've got to come; we want all the boys in our room to march. We're go-ing to march up past that stand where our teacher is, then down by the boat house, and around back here again. Come along!" And Jack waved a flag three times around his head. "I don't want to go in the brigade," answered Jim-mie, who was intent upon fixing up a toy sail boat which he meant to launch on the surface of the lake. "Roy and I are going to sail our boat awhile, and then we're going to get some poles at the boathouse and go fish-ing." To which Roy, who was standing by, nodded an affirmative. "No you're not!" shouted Jack. "There's no fun in sailing that toy boat; nor fishing, either," he added, looking at Roy. " We're out here to have a good time, and a parade is the thing to have. All the fellers are agreed on that. Come along, now; we're pretty nearly ready to start." And with these words the young cap-tainŠas he was calledŠlooked toward the group of boys who stood in an irregular line behind him, each provided with a stick, which some of them were holding in the military attitude learned at brigade drill in the school. Captain Jack was armed with a wooden sword, which was calculated to distinguish him as he marched at the head of his men. "Yes," put in Will Sellers, who was next to Captain Jack in the deference he was able to command from his young companions; "you don't know how to have a good time, Jim Lane; you don't know enough. You'll never learn if you don't come with us and let us show you." Jim hesitated. He looked at Roy and then at the assembled line of boys, and at Captain Jack, who was  flourishing his sword with the air of a commanding offi-cer. He had no taste for military drill and parade. In disposition he was not quarrelsome, and he could see no enjoyment in things that suggested fighting and the use of death-dealing weapons. He could refuse to join the parade if he chose, but he dreaded to come under the ban of Captain Jack, and the hostility and ridicule of the boys with whom he associated daily in the schools. So at length, followed by Roy, he left his boat and went reluctantly to the place assigned him in the "parade," taking the "gun" offered him by Captain Jack. "Company, attention!" shouted Captain Jack, with a wave of his sword. "Right, dress! PresentŠarms! ShoulderŠarms! Forward, march!" he continued, and the "brigade," under his guidance; took up its line of march across the grounds. "Now, boys," said Captain Jack, stepping out to one side of the line, "if an enemy gets in our way, and refuses to surrender, we'll charge with the bayonet, the way we, do in brigade drill. Any cowards who are afraid to meet the enemy can stay be-hind." The afternoon wore away quite pleasantly for Cap-tain Jack and most of his company, but dragged heavily for Jimmie Lane, who had scarcely time to get any sat-isfaction from his boat after the "parade" was over. In the evening, as Jack was recounting the experience of the day to his father, at home, he mentioned that the parade would have been better if it hadn't been for Jim-mie Lane and Roy Davis, who, he declared, were two ignorant to be soldiers, and didn't have any patriotism about them. "Why didn't you let Jimmie sail his boat if he wanted to?" his father asked. "Hadn't he a right to do that without being interfered with?" "Oh, yesŠof course," Jack replied, slowly; "but that was such a silly thing; and we wanted to have a good time." "So you thought sailing a boat was too silly for a boy, did you? What do you think Jimmie and Roy thought about your military parade? Maybe they thought that was very silly." "Why, father, that was grand, and patriotic, too; we're taught that in our brigade drill at school," said Jack. "Well, you like to have fun in your own way, don't you?" said Mr. Martin. "Suppose I should tell you be-fore I left home in the morning, just what you must do during the day to enjoy yourself." "I don't think I'd like that very well," said Jack, in a rather subdued tone. "Of course you wouldn't; and yet you want to tell some boys of your own age just what they must do to enjoy themselves. Is that your idea of liberty?" asked Mr. Martin. " Well, but, you see, father, Jimmie and Roy don't know as much as the rest of us about having fun. We knew something that was a good deal nicer than what 