184 CAW V UL. IV, lVU. NU. NEW YORK, JUNE 6, 1895. . Any one receiving the. AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ the protest of the Baptists on page 182 against the religious persecution in Georgia and elsewhere. This action does honor to the Baptist name and shows that the spirit of soul-liberty still lives in the Baptist Church. IT is not the custom of the SENTINEL to credit its original matter, but since the first-page article closes with an original poem whose authorship may be desired by some of our readers, we will state that it was written by our acting assistant editor, Mr. A. F. Ballen-ger. J. F. ROTHROCK, a Seventh-day Adventist of West Salem, Ill., was arrested May 20 and convicted of keeping his store open on Sun-day. He was prosecuted under a city ordi-nance, there being no State-law forbidding open stores on Sunday. So great an interest was manifested in the case that the court ad-journed to the opera house where Mr. Roth-rock spoke in his own defense. We have not learned what further action was taken in the case, but presume it was appealed. " ON June 2 and henceforth, unless there is legislation to the contrary," says the Even-ing Sun, " it will 'be illegal for a citizen of this State to get shaved in a barber's shop on Sunday at any hour in the day, and in New York City and Saratoga after the hour of 1 P. M. The inhabitants of Brooklyn, Buffalo, Rochester or any other place, who, from ner-vousness or whatever other cause, cannot use the razor with success, and at the same time are afflicted with a fruitful chin, will consider themselves as discriminated against. If the governor wants to prove that there was no partiality in his action, he will proclaim, under his hand and seal, that on the Sabbath he will exercise his individual skill upon his own face, or go unshorn:" It is said that the barbers of Brooklyn will contest the law, and yet it was passed pro-fessedly in the interests of the-barbers!,  ŁŁŁ A SPECIAL telegram to the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL from Amory, Miss., under date of June 2, says:Š Nash fined one dollar and costs. Immediately paid. by the people. This means that " the people " are better than the law of the State. Mr. Nash is a Seventh-day Adventist colporter. He follows his business five days in the week, rests on " the Sabbath day according to the command-ment," and on the first day of the week does around his home such work as needs to be done.  He was arrested for ho6ing in his garden on Sunday, and was tried upon the Sabbath. We do not know, but presume he was informed by the judge that the law in no wise interfered with his right to keep " his " Sabbath, but that he must keep Sunday also. But how would Sunday-keepers like a law that not only required them to observe a day for which they have no religious regard, but under which they were liable to be dragged into court on the day which they regard as sacred to rest and worship ? Like the Baptist martyrs of New England, Mr. Nash refused to pay a single penny for exercising his God-given rights. Hence the payment of the fine and costs by " the people " who were not willing to see an honest man imprisoned for exercising his inalienable right of conscience. Ł MARYLAND AGAIN PERSECUTING. ROBERT R. WHALEY, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist, of Church Hill, Maryland, is now serv-ing,a thirty days' sentence in the county jail at Centerville, for working in his garden on Sun-day. Mr. Whaley is a carpenter, and for some time previous to his arrest, was engaged in building a house in the country at such a distance from his home that he did not return until Friday eyeninf of each week. And since he was not permitted to labor on the house on Sunday he devoted that day to caring for his garden. This his Methodist neighbors would not al-low, but entered complaint against him; and on his return home, Friday,. May 24, he was served with a warrant, and his trial before the magistrate was set for the evening of May 25. Mr. Whaley was convicted, and in default of payment of fine and costs, was sentenced to thirty days in the county jail and was locked in a cell, Monday, May 27. . Mr. Whaley considered it useless to appeal to the higher court since a case-had been ap-pealed to the Supreme Court of the State, and he himself had appealed to the Circuit Court on a former occasion, all to no avail. It will be remembered that Mr. Whaley spent thirty days in the same jail last fall, for a similai. offense. At that time the sheriff was very kind, and he was allowed the free-dom of the jail; but as in the biblical account there arose a king in Egypt who knew not Joseph, so now there has arisen in Queen Anne's County a sheriff who is unacquainted with Mr. Whaley; and consequently Mr. Whaley is at present locked in a cell as a com-mon criminal. However, it is to be hoped that his faithful, consistent life will touch rthe heart of his new jailer. Mr. Whaley is forty-three years old and has a wife and seven children. They were for-merly Methodists, and it is at the hands of their former church associates that they now suffer. It is difficult to understand how men who take the name of Christ and profess to obey the Golden Rule can thus cruelly take a husband and father from his hard-working wife and prattling -children, and from his only means of procuring them bread and shelter, and lock him behind prison bars. It is grat-ifying to know that Mr. Whaley's wife is in perfect sympathy with her persecuted husband and would work her finger nails off in an attempt to care for her little ones rather than have her husband yield the vital principle at stake. The International Religious Liberty Associ-ation, with headquarters at 271 West Main St., Battle Creek, Mich., will undertake to care for Mr. Whaley's family while he is in  jail. This association is supported by its members who pay an annual due of one dollar, and from donations contributed by those in-terested in the struggle for religious freedom against these modern relics of mediwval daft But since the association has a score or more of these cases in Tennessee, Georgia, Missis-sippi and Illinois on its hands, with the pros-pect of others, it will be necessary for the friends of liberty of conscience to manifest their interest in a material way. We feel like remarking, in the language of the German Lutheran editor, quoted on page 180: " For God's sake let us not be inactive, but let us make preparitions for the battle. The most precious liberty of our country is at stake." In this connection we call attention to our first - page article. The principles therein discussed will apply with equal force to this Maryland case. AMONG the very few religious papers which have spoken out plainly in condemnation of religious persecution, the Examiner and Na- tional Baptist, of this city, stands forth pre-eminent. On another page we print an arti-cle from its editorial columns which ought to be read by everybody, and especially by those Baptists who either never knew or who have forgotten what their brethren of past generations suffered in. defense of soul-liberty. So far as our acquaintance with Sabbath-keepers qualifies us to speak,Šand we have known thousands -of them scattered from the Atlantic to the Pacific and from the Lakes to the Gulf,Šobservers of the seventh day are, as a rule, considerate not only of the rights but also of the feelings of their Sunday-keep- ing neighbors. We know that no law is ne- cessary to compel them to respect any right of their fellow-men in the matter of weekly rest and worship. Nor can we think that even the measure of Sunday restriction, which the Examiner would favor, is at all neces-sary. The thousands of Sabbath-keepers to which we have referred, and besides this many other thousands, many of them in our large cities, who find no difficulty in observing the seventh day, while all the world around them is upon pleasure and money-making bent, prove that those who wish to do so can rest and wor-ship while others are engaged in secular pur-suits. We have ample laws for the protection of both individuals and assemblies upon all days without special laws for Sunday. But if Sun-day laws were restricted to the sphere indi-cated by the Examiner they would be ,much less objectionable than they now are. But we do not regard even that as necessary or even proper. Nevertheless, we say, all honor to our Baptist contemporary for its fearless championship of the freedom for which Bap-tists of past generations suffered fines, impris-onment, whipping, banishment, and death. Evidently, God is yet testifying of the gift of Roger Williams, and by his faith "he being dead yet speaketh." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 