244 AMERICAN SENTINEL, And yet we hear it proclaimed everywhere that the only hope of the savage is "civilization," forced on him with bullets if necessaryŠwhich "has no messa,c e" for him "but death and extermination," and carries with it to him "the seven evil spirits of civilized sin." State Sunday Laws Upheld by the Highest Court of the Nation. BY H. F. PHELPS. BOARDING the street car on a recent morning, I picked up a paper left on the floor by some earlier pas-senger. The first thing that met my eyes was this:Š "SUNDAY LAW IS UPHELD." What is called "The Barbers' Sunday Law," of Minnesota, has been a bone of contention among the barbers for some time past. A test case, that of Paul J. Pettit, plaintiff, vs. The State of Minnesota, was carried to the Supreme Court of the State. This court affirmed the decision of the lower court, and also the law itself as in harmony with the constitution of the State. The case was appealed to the highest court of the nation. A decision was rendered April 9, 1900, by the Supreme Court of the United States, upholding the so_ called barber law of this State. The decision was ren-dered by Chief Justice Fuller, and was concurred in by the balance of the court. Justice Fuller says that the United States Supreme Court has uniformly recognized State legislation respecting the observance of Sunday laws as an exercise of police power. A number of au-thorities were cited in England and this country touch-ing the question whether shaving on Sunday is a work of necessity. "In view of all the facts," the decision reads, "we cannot say that the legislature has exceeded the limits of its legislative power in declaring that a& a matter of law keeping, barber shops open on Sunday is not a work of necessity or charity. While as to other kinds of labor they have left that question to be de-termined as one of fact, we recognize the force of the declaration suggested and perceive no adequate ground for interfering with the wide discretion confessedly nec-essarily exercised by the state in these matters by hold-ing that the classification was so palpably arbitrary as to bring the law into conflict with the federal Consti-tution." It is passingly strange that men do not see the principle involved in, these Sunday laws. The real question is one of individnal right,Šthe right to do as one wills, provided always that the equal rights of another be not infringedŠnot whether this or that be a work of necessity or not. What inalienable right is violated, pray, when a man shaves another, or does not  shave him? or, when a man submits, or does not sub-mit, to be shaved on Sunday, or any other day? Archbishop Martinelli on the "Lord's Day." IN the Catholic Mirror, Archbishop Martinelli, "Del-egate Apostolic to the United States," considers the question "Shall Sunday be 'Lord's Day? " and states the doctrine by which the question is answered for Roman Catholics. According to his statements, as will be noticed, Protestants in applying the term "Lord's day" to Sunday, have been following an example set by Rome from very early times. The archbishop says:Š "The Latin races have used the word Wominico,' or day of the Lord, to designate the first day of the week since the reign of Pope Sylvester I, who ruled the church from A. D. 312 to 337. "From the beginning we find that all those people who derive their language from the LatinŠthe Spanish, French, Italian, and PortugueSe, do not honor a hea-then god in the specific title which they give to the day which we call holy, but they call it, as we do in ecclesias-tical LatinŠLord's dayŠ`Dominico'Šin Spanish, Ital-ian and Portuguese, and `Dimanche' in French. "The change which the Christian church made from the Sabbath to Sunday is too well known to need dis-cussion. The early followers of Christ chose the first day of the week as the day of prayer rather than the last, mainly to commemorate his glorious resurrection. "The teachings of the early fathers tell us that the Holy Ghost descended upon the disciples on Whit Sun-day or Pentecost, and this constitutes another reason for the change. The observance of the Sunday or day of rest does not emanate from the natural law, which would indeed require us to worship the author of nature during parts of every day rather than during a whole day of every week. "There is no divine law which commands us to com-memorate Sunday. The observance is purely of ecclesi-astical origin, dating, however, from, the time of the apostles. But as we have no trace of the Sabbath beŁ ing observed among the Hebrews before the time of Moses we need not question the authority of the apos-tles to sanctify Sunday and set it apart as the day on which we honor the resurrection of the Son of God. "The Anglo-Saxon word Sunday is the name given to honor the sun, the divinity considered the most powerful in heathen mythology. The names of the other days of the week are chosen to honor some other divinity, as Monday, Luna, the moon; Tuesday, Mardi, Mars, the God of war; Wednesday, Woden, or Mercury; Thursday, or Thorday, the day on which Jupiter was remembered; Friday was dedicated to Venus and Sat-urday to Saturn, the father of Jupiter and Neptune. "I believe that all Christian people should proclaim their belief in the Son of God by honoring his name in the day which they have chosen to consecrate to him. This great country is a Christian country, and by adopting the word 'Lord's day' or `Sonday' to honor the Word Incarnate, it will bear witness of thg truth. In the Latin we used to say 'Dies de Dominus,' but this 