774 THE SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. "on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS!' Rev. 19: 16. " The Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the arch-angel, and with the trump of God; and the dead in Christ shall rise first." 1 Thess. 4: 16. " And he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other." Matt. 24:31. " Many shall come from the east and west, and shall sit down with Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven," Matt. 8: II. "And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of the Most High, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom." Dan. 7: 27. But what then will become of the nations of this earth, and of their wicked rulers and people? Let the word of God answer. To the Son the Father says: " Ask of me and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession, Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron: thou shalt dash them in pieces likea potter's vessel." Ps. 2: 8, 9. The Destruction of Wicked Powers. The Revelator thus describes this destruction: "And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army. And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone." Rev. 19: 19, 20. Describing the scenes that come in connection with the destruction of all things earthly and tem-poral, the Apostle Peter says: "The day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass awa with a great noise, and the elements shall melt witn fervent heat; the earth also, and the works that are therein shall be burned up. * * * Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness." 2 Peter 3:10-13. The' promise to which the apostle refers is re-corded in Isaiah 65: 17: " For, behold,, I create new heavens and a new earth." The glory, of this new earth, this everlasting kingdom prepared for the people of God " from the foundation of the world," is thus described by the prophet: "The wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them; and the desert shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose. It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice even with joy and singing: the glory of Lebanon shall be given unto it, the excellency of Carmel and Sharon, they shall see the glory Of the Lord, and the excellency of our God. * * * And the ransomed of the Lord shall return, and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads: they shall obtain joy and gladness, and sorrow and sighing shall flee away." Isa. 35. Again, in Revelation 21: 1-8, we read: "And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea. And I John saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a great voice out of heaven. saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God 'is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God. And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away." Could Folly Be Greater? Such is the description which the Bible gives of Christ's everlasting kingdom, and of the time and manner of the setting up of that kingdom; and yet mortal men propose to usher in that kingdom by political action; they would bring Christ to his throne by acts of parliaments and of congresses; they would take him by force and make him king! Could folly be greater, or presumption more pro-nounced? In the very presence of eternal realities, end in view of the plain testimony of the Scriptures of truth, should not men the rather " stand still and see the salvation of the Lord " ? B. As Sabbath-keeping is a duty which every indi-vidual owes to  God, and for the performance of which every individual must give account, it is :a matter in which every individual must be free to,act for himself,, and not one in which a majoritycan govern the'conduct of the minority. 