JUNE 1, 1893. .A.N111-1A1FEICA-Nir IH,N9E9LINTiwiL. 175 THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM day laws is nothing but priestcraft. The same fact seems to be demonstrated in every country where Sunday laws are called for, it is simply an effort on the part of the clergy to secure laws whereby they can force upon people their ideas of eligion.  There is little doubt that when the present Sunday agitations of the north of Europe sweep down over Italy, a senti-ment will be raised in favor of enforcing the existing Sunday laws. The machinery is all here; all that is needed is to set it in operation and in all probability the priests will do so at the first opportunity, and that with renewed energy to make up for lost time. H. P. HOLSER. Torre Pellice, Italy, May 8. Rebellion Against Good English. 4  SABBATARIAN " properly means " One who regards and keeps the seventh day of the week as holy, agreeably to the letter of the fourth commandment in the Deca-logue ; " as used, however, in the following editorial note from the Chicago Herald, of the 13th ult., it refers to observers of the first day : " Fifty professional Sabba-tarians got together Thursday night in a parlor of a Chicago hotel and passed a series of resolutions in favor of keeping the World's Fair closed Sundays. Open-ing of the Fair on that day, they declared would be ' in the nature of rebellion against the national Government little short of those who fired on the flag in 1861.' The rebellion against the Queen's English in the above sentence is the only rebellion likely to occur in connection with the World's Fair. These fifty fanat-ics declared in their petition that they represented 100,000 people. Assembla-ges of a few persons who have stated in sweeping terms that they represented thousands or millions, as the case might be, have been a feature of all this Sunday agitation. Petitions have been swelled to an enormous size by similar methods. The Sunday cranks should not fear re-bellion. With their methods of raising vague and countless hosts at a moment's warning they should be able to put down a rebellion at any time." Two Quotations. " NOTHING was closed up [on Sunday in Chicago] except what had closed volun-tarily, what would have closed if there had been no law. Let no Seventh-day Adventist hasten to say that law is use-less because unused. The sword is there ready whenever Chicago's citizens reach out the hand to wield it."ŠChristian Statesman, May 13, 1893. " Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword."ŠJesus Christ. A BOOK entitled, " Woman of the World ; " sub-title," With a Search Light of Epigram," by Mrs. Alethe L. Craig, has recently come to our table. It is a collection of the names of many of the prominent women of the ages, and the date of their birth. Their historical char-acters are indicated either by epigrams from their own writings or from some other author. This work is valuable as a book of reference. It is neatly bound in white and gold, contains 191 pages, uncut edges. Price $1.00. Published by the press of H. W, Dick and Co., Baltimore, Md. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanitarian has maintained a Health Food Depart-ment, at first for the benefit of its patients and pa-trons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More Than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufac-tured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola,  No.2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Food, No. I, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Food, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manu-factured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numerous imitations to which its success has given rise. SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. - BATTLE CREEK, MICH. The Munson Typewriter A Chicago Product. Latest and Best. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, I 48 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. Naw YORK. IHEALTH FOODS. TO THE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek  Sanitarium Health Foods, manufac-tured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Com-pany, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts o the United States; and in every instance they have demon-strated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods " in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health-giving properties. C. F. POKIER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods" are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia. I also find the Zwie- bach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. Dn. R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. Ł CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dys-pepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomadh, I found that your Gran-ola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Wm. M. MERWIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by hand." B. W. McCouwr. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SPEEDŠWonderful. TOUCHŠLight and Elastic. WEIGHTŠWithout Case 11 Pounds 12 oz. KEYSŠThirty, with Ninety Characters. KEYBOARDŠUniversal, Easily Learned. ALIGNMENTŠPerfect and Permanent. TYPE WHEELŠSteel and Interchangeable. LANGUAGESŠSeven. I have had a Munson typewriter in constant use for over a year, and consider it in many respects, the best typewriter in the market. It is small, light and compact. It is as handsome as a watch, and looks more like an ornament than a thing of use. The Munson will do anything that any other will do, and as quickly and well, if not quicker and better. J. A. WALnitex, Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper, New York City. After a year's use of the Munson typewriter, I heartily pronounce it as being unexcelled by any machine in the market. In the direction of clearness and beauty of type, and alignment, it is without a rival. L. J. LIVELY, Manager, D. Appleton & Co., Chicago. The Munson is certainly the equal of any machine for speed and general efficiency as an office machine; and when it comes to traveling there is nothing like it. DR. E. J. WAGGONER, London, England. I like the Munson machine very much. It is doing me good service, and I can recommend it to all who want a typewriter. 0. A. OLSEN, Pres. S. D. A. Gen. Conf., Battle Creek, Mich. I would not exchange my Munson typewriter for any typewriter on the market. L. C. CHADWICK, Pres. I. T. ce M. Soc., Bridgtown, Barbadoes. Address, The Munson Typewriter Co., Or, A. F. Ballenger, Special Agent, 162 La Salle St., CHICAGO, ILL. 28 College Place, CHICAGO, ILL. 