THE AME1RICAN.  SENTINTE,. 269 violation of the constitution of the State. That instrument provides thatŠ No human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience. This provision covers all the ground, and would, if respected by the courts, at once put an end to all legal persecution in Tennessee. The immediate neighbors of the Ad-ventists do not seem to have any feeling against them. The persecution was un-doubtedly stirred up by persons not living in the immediate neighborhood, and was for the purpose of destroying the influence of the Adventist church and checking its growth. It is the only church in this part of the country that is in a really pros-perous condition, and this excites the envy of other churches. Before the recent persecution, measures were set on foot by the Adventists for the building of a new house of worship. The work was delayed somewhat by the imprisonment of some of the members of the church, but now that all are again at liberty, work has been begun and the most of the lumber for the new building is now on the ground. They also main-tained a church school for several months this season, and have given the use of their old church building to the district for school purposes, and a public school will open in it in a few days. This school is to be taught by a member of the Ad-ventist church, employed by a school-board, the members of which are not Ad-ventists; and will be conducted, as all public schools should be, on strictly secu-lar principles. The private school was however, opened each day with simple religious exercises, without special refer-ence to the peculiar doctrines of the Ad-ventists. The church school was, patron-ized by quite a number of persons belong-ing to other churches, and Adventists do not believe in carrying their religious propaganda into mixed schools even where they might have the technical right to do so. They are consistent advocates of re- ligious liberty. C. P. B. Springville, Tenn., Aug. 24, 1892. An Unusual Sermon. [The Rochester Democrat and Chronicle publishes a report of an unusual sermon delivered in that city. It was indeed a word fitly spoken and timely, showing the speaker to be filled with the pure prin-ciples of religion undefiled, in the strength of which he loves his neighbor as himself.] AT the First Presbyterian church yes-terday morning Rev. Nelson Millard preached a forcible and timely sermon with a very practical bearing. He touched upon many of the leading questions of the ,day in a very impartial manner. Dr. Millard took his text from Luke, 20: 25, "Render therefore unto Caesar, the (things which be Casar's, and unto God the things which be God's." In the course of his discourse he said, " These words have always been interpreted as drawing a sharp line of discrimination be-tween things civic and ecclesiastical, be-tween Church and State, between organ-ized religion and organized politics. Jesus with all his emphasis of a divine interdict, declares the divorce and forbids the banns of Church and State. He was, in this po-sition, thoroughly original and unspeak-ably in advance of his age. For up to this time no one had dreamed of a separa-tion of the secular end ecclesiastical pow-ers. Prince and priest had always been in closest alliance, even where the offices  were not combined in one and the same person. In all ancient governments the altar was hard by the throne: The Jewish State was so completely a theocracy that the nation might be called one great church. " In ancient Egypt religion was filter-twined in the closest manner with the ad- ministration of the State. The priest and the Pharaoh stood in like respect and au-thority and joined inseparable hands in the administration of affairs. The un- earthed tablets of the Assyrian and Per-sian monarchies tell a like story of these peoples. Even enlightened Greece treated religious impiety as a civil crime, to be punished by the secular arm. Athens put to death her wisest philosopher and her best citizen on the charge of impiety. The first count in the accusation against him read, ' Socrates does not worship the gods which the city worships, the penalty due him is death.' Socrates in his defense did not deny the right of the State to pun-ish impiety as a crime, but simply sought to disprove the accusation. So again in Rome, the Pontifex Maximus was as much an integral element of the State as were the consul and prmfect. Christ, when he uttered the sentiment of the text was, accordingly, utterly revolutionary, speaking right in the teeth of the univer-sal theory and practice of all foregoing ages. Did he not foresee the dark and disastrous chapter which the unholy union of the Church and State was to write in the annals of mankind ? That alliance has been very destructive both to the pu-rity of the Church and the peace of the State. " Well has it been said : ' Wherever and whenever the Church has succeeded in uniting itself with the secular power, religion has been debased, the supreme right of liberty of conscience has been outraged, persecutions have flourished. Moreover, not infrequently the State, through this alliance, has been transformed from a just protector of her children to an insane monster who glutted her religio-political appetite on the richest and purest blood of the ages.' " If anyihing more were needed to show the originality of Christ's position, it could be found it -this, that even to this day mankind in many places seems unable to appreciate HiS idea and put it into prac-tice. Surely, men never would conceive that which so far they seem unable even to receive. "State churches and established reli-gion relying on State support are still the rule throughout Christendom from Rus-sia to Chili. Even where the principle of divorce of Church and State is accepted in theory, men often wince at its applica-tion and avoid it in practice. Multitudes of Christians in this land of ours have a feeling that our Government, as a govern-ment, ought to bestow certain privileges on Protestants which it should deny to Catholics, and also privileges to believers which it should deny to unbelievers. -Many who profess to accept the principle of the divorce of Church and State take positions inconsistent with it. Not a few have petitioned our Congress to close the World's Fair on Sundays, basing their pe-titions on religious grounds. I wish that all people were religious enough to keep the Sabbath sacred, but we have no right to ask the Government through Congress to interfere in this matter by religious legislation. All that Congress has a right to do is to legislate a civil Sunday in the  interest of a day of rest for all people but not a religious Sabbath. I would be glad if the Church could everywhere so avail itself of the civil Sunday, as by its own influence and power, to make it a reli-gious Sabbath. But this must be volun-tary not legislative. " What a spectacle we behold in Ten-nessee ! To-day four men languish there in jail, and for what crime? Did they commit burglary; did they forge; did they commit arson ? No, they belong to a sect called Seventh-day Adventists, who believe that Saturday, the seventh, and not Sunday, the first day of the week, is the true Sabbath commanded of God, and the day that ought to be kept holy. "Simply because they keep Saturday and work on Sunday, Tennessee law and Ten-nessee bigotry, right in the face of the spirit of our national Constitution have locked them up in prison. Shame on that persecuting State ? "Having now unfolded their principle of the divorce of Church and State, let me discriminate it from some things with which it is often confounded. First, the divorce of Church and State is not the di-vorce of religion and society. This an-swers the Catholic argument often ad-vanced, namely, that the separation of the Church from the State leaves society god-. less and paganized. " The Church is not religion and the State not society. Church and State are only the outward organization. Religion lies behind and creates the Church, while society lies behind and creates the State. Religion and society may blend and yet their outward organization be wholly separate. " Secondly : The divorce of Church and State is not a divorce of morality and State. The State has a perfect right to put down immorality, but this is by no means the same as religious persecution. The Louisana lottery went down, thank God, in a large part, not merely because it would have been in the end a financial folly for the State, but because it was a public dishonor and demoralization. " Nor, thirdly, is the divorce of Church and State, the divorce of the pulpit and politics. In purely political questions as the irrigation of lands, banking laws, etc., the voice of the pulpit is barred out. But not so in those many questions which are as much moral as they are political. In these the voice of the pulpit will never be silenced until the spirit that animated the ancient Jewish prophets and made them the moral Titans that they were, has died out of the Christian Church." Inconsistency of Congress Closing the World's Fair on Sunday. WOULD not the 'consideration due to the foreign guests forbid the closing of the World's Fair Sunday? Uncle Sam is go-ing to have company. He has invited all his sisters and his cousins and his aunts to come and see him, and as they have not had a real good family visit since the time of the flood or the Tower of Babel, he has suggested that they bring with them the most beautiful rend excellent things in nature and art that their coun-tries afford, so that when ranged along-side the others, all may compare and see who has the best country, and the great-est people. Well, suppose the guests all come, and Uncle Sam welcomes them to the immense 