AN0 EXACT JUSTlez 7.0   tps31'.  134 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. civil laws, or any other human agency, the followers of the devil, much less that his own professed followers should fine and imprison each other on account of differ-ences in faith and practice. No true religious usage needs any stronger support than the authority of God. When human civil law is framed to enforce religious tenets by civil penal-ties it is at once a confession of the weak-ness of the doctrine in the interests of which it is enacted, and an indication of its Satanic origin. What dire chang6 has come over the Christianity of the nineteenth century, rendering the methods of Christ and his apostles in carrying the gospel of so little effect, and making it expedient to appeal for aid to civil law that everywhere so used, has enthralled the followers of Christ? What, unless the Christian Church has fallen and corrupted her ways before God so that she is about to take the place of the Pharisees and Saducees who put Christ and the apostles to death, and the mother of harlots whose robes are stained with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. These modern would-be reformers are very zealous, thinking that they are doing noble service for the cause of God and humanity. So did Saul, the agent of the Pharisee sect, when, by the authority of the church clothed with civil law, he haled "men and women to prison," be-cause they believed in Jesus. Christ was "despised and rejected of men ;" his fol-lowers were accounted " as the filth of the world, and the offscouring of all things ;" the sect of Christians was "everywhere spoken against ;" and the apostles and brethren were accused as being men that had " turned the world upside down :" and yet they were the true people of God, although persecuted even unto death. Modern popular religionists are falling into a like error, and it would be very un-safe to so frame civil law as to make it possible for them to punish dissenters in whose persons it may prove at last they have persecuted Jesus. If they have got the Bible and the Holy Spirit on their side as an everlasting help and defense they do not need the aid of civil law; but if they have not such a defense, for humanity's sake let not freemen entrust them with civil power. A. SMITH. THE Executive Committee of the Republican County Committee, of New York City, has stated in a resolution that Elliott F. Shepard has no authority to speak for the Republicans of the county on religious questions. So practically has the Colonel applied his theory that " politics is religion " that it has called out some interesting correspondence on the subject. This is what Senator Sherman writes to the editor of the Sun-day Democrat:Š Senate Chamber, Washington, April 12, 1892. Du. MICHAEL WALSHŠDear Sir: Yours of the 11th. is received. I have read the extracts you refer to from Colonel Shepard's paper, and have no hesitation in saying that he does not represent the feeling of Republicans, but only his own. I think that no Republican desires to interfere in any way in a man's religious convictions, nor should this question enter in any respect into the domain of party politics. Colonel Shepard's theory that politics is religion does not seem to meet with full favor from the political party to which he belongs. He will have to change his aphorism a little and make it read, "Politics is the religion profitable to the Republi- can Party." The change will not alter the meaning of the phrase much, if it ever had any, but will make it more capable of a definite application, under otherwise doubtful conditions. INTA:ICI4C)1Ł4T-AlL, Kano Libutil nssoGiatioll 1(ElsSTATE s6o TsE cnaCh fortailiSEPA43  DEGUIRRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our f llow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. THE Iaw of the State of New York has been so amended as to permit fishing on Sunday in Jamaica Bay. IT is stated that a merchant of Frankfort, Ger-many, has been fined one hundred marks for be-ginning an advertisement with a quotation from the Bible. A RESOLUTION was passed in the Lower House of the Legislature of Massachusetts favoring the clos-ing of the World's Fair on Sunday, but the Senate has refused to concur. SAM SMALL demands that the World's Fair be closed on Sunday, and incidentally predicts that it will wind up in bankrupcy. The Colorado Graphic thinks that "he ought to have explained that the two results are not necessarily allied." THE Maryland Methodist Protestant Conference, recently in session, adopted strenuous resolutions against the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday, and deplored the failure of Congress to enact strict Sunday laws for the District of Columbia. THE Iowa Legislature struck out the Sunday-closing clause from its World's Fair appropriation bill. The Christian Statesman attributes this ac-tion to Seventh-day Adventist influence. We prefer to attribute it to a revival of common sense. THE New York Legislature has passed a bill ap-propriating seventy thousand dollars a year to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, in order that it may be open to the public two evenings each week and on Sunday. This is for the benefit of those who have no time to visit the Museum on working days. IT seems that the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor has appointed an international committee, the duty of which is to promote the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. The commit-tee has very wisely decided that to attempt to boycott would be injudicious; the efforts of the society will, therefore, be directed to petitioning and the issuing of manifestoes. THE statement of the number of petitions received by the World's Fair Commissioners asking that the gates be closed on Sundays is as follows: Alabama, 8; California, 22; Delaware, 3; District of Colum-bia, 9; Georgia, 7; Indiana, 184; Kansas, 59; Louis- iania, 2; Maryland, 13; Michigan, 86; Mississippi, 8; Montana, 3; New Hampshire, 11; Arkansas, 10; Colorado, 14; Florida, 24; Illinois, 296; Iowa, 257; Kentucky, 23; Maine, 13; Massachusetts, 160: Min-nesota, 47; Missouri, 56; Nebraska, 21; New Jersey, 169; New Mexico, 1; North Carolina, 8; North Dakota, 6; Oregon, 30; Pennsylvania, 440; Rhode Island, 7; South Dakota, 17; Texas, 8; Virginia, 14; West Virginia, 7; Wyoming, 2; New York, 244; Oklahoma, 1; Ohio, 221; South Carolina, 5; Tennessee, 21; Vermont, 13; Washington, 17; Wisconsin, 122; Miscellaneous, 17. The number of individual signatures has not been stated. The probability is that most of them are "repre-sentative " petitions of churches and other religious bodies, which, although they will make a very large count in the aggregate, show but compara-tively few separate signatures. The number of separate petitions, as given, is 2,745. THE Czar of Russia has issued an ukase prohibit-ing foreigners from selling in his dominions, out-side the limits of Volhynia, or even of acquiring real estate within those limits, without first em-bracing the religion of the orthodox Greek Church. Such action as this has led the State Department at Washington to inquire of the Russian Government as to the status of American citizens who may be so-journing, or for the time being, resident, in Russia, and are not members of the Greek Church. CONTINUED evidence appears in the public prints, from day to day, that religion in this country is fast becoming political. The latest is contained in a special dispatch from New Orleans, which says: "The political situation in this city and State grows each day more complicated. . Ł . In several of the south-western portions of the State prayers will be offered on Sunday next for deliverance from Republican rule." So it seems that they have a Democratic religion in Southern Louisiana, while Elliott F. Shepard and the Mail and Express profess a Republican religion. The practical diffi-culties in the way of a political religion will soon be exemplified among its exponents themselves. A COMMITTEE, appointed for that purpose, has waited upon the business men of Keyport, New Jersey, and secured their signatures to an agree-ment to close their shops and stores on Sunday. The Enterprise says:Š Many of those who have signed the agreement are, as a matter of course, persons who have never kept their places of business open on Sundays, but the committee determined to get the signatures of every one in order to make the movement thorough. This statement demolishes completely the asser- tion that if one keeps open all must. It has not been so in the past as evidenced by the fact that some have kept open, others have not. REv. A. W. PITZER, of Washington, has filed with the House Committee on the World's Fair a volumnious paper, in behalf of the American Sabbath Union, asking that the World's Fair be closed on Sunday. The statements upon which he bases his request are that,Š At the first World's Fair, in London, in 1851, the gates were closed on Sundays. At the second, in the same city, in 1862, the gates were closed. At the third, in Paris, 1867, the American, British, and Colonial exhibitors closed on Sundays. At the fourth, in Vienna, there was the same Sunday closing, At the fifth, in Philadelphia, there was complete Sunday closing. At the sixth, 1878, and the seventh, 1889, both in Paris, American, British, and Colonial exhib-itors closed on Sunday. The Doctor evidently fails to see that this which is depended upon as so strong an array of prece-dents, is in fact, no precedent at all, in the line of what they are asking, namely, such action by Congress as will close the entire Exposition at at Chicago on Sundays, The facts stated are cor- R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 