AMERICAN SENTINEL. 519 bined, thus force through a measure neither part of which could perhaps have secured a majority upon its own merits. In Congress the practice of log rolling has been -elaborated into a system by which bills of the greatest importance become laws. The so-called conference com-mittees are, in effect, a machinery for framing bills which have no majority in either house. In theory they are -formed to draft some middle measure by which each house may yield something in the point in dispute. In practice they frame new measures, including details not voted for or insisted upon by either house. The confer-ence committees are merely a delegation of the power of the majority to a small minority. The natural result of the complications which prevent the will of the majority from being ascertained, or, when .ascertained, from being carried out, leads directly. to the most objectionable form of minority government; namely, to one-man power. The agent through whom the majority is now usually compelled to yield to the mi-nority is the political boss, whose rule is extending from the great cities into State politics, and is threatening na-tional politics. He alone is able to make a combination of men and measures which, through our peculiar politi-cal methods, may receive the legal plurality of votes. He heads and represents the majority in a small clique of political leaders who control a section of party, which is dominant in the party itself; and that party has the sup-port of the majorty of voters in a city or a State. The noteworthy thing about the whole system is that the majority still appears to retain its powers. Dispensing With State Prayer, THE legislature of Kentucky, some time since, passed a bill appropriating $300 to pay for prayers by the chap-lain during its session. When this fact was known, the "Jessamine Liberal League" protested against the meas-ure through the press. and served notice that it would get out an injunction restraining the State treasurer from disbursing public funds for such a purpose. When the bill came to Governor Bradley, however, he refused to sign it, and is alleged to have said in reference to it that "to pay for praying for such a legislature would upset the whole plan of salvation." State Treasurer Long is also reported as adverse to the measure, and is quoted as saying that "it had long been a custom to pay -for prayer in the legislature; but the new constitution had forever set such an unjust and unwarranted thing :aside as nothing short of a species of petty robbery in the name of religion." So it appears that the Kentucky legislature will, for a time, dispense with official prayers. It is certainly true that to take money from the peo-ple by taxation or any other method of compulsion, to expend for religious purposes, is wholly contrary to the plan of salvation; for that plan knows nothing of com-pulsion. in this matter, therefore, Kentucky is setting an example worthy of imitation by her sister States. A Significant Incident. BY S. S. CRAW. As a grand climax to the day's proceedings at the Chautauqua Assembly in Champaign and Urbana, August 6-15, the following episode took place on Sunday the 8th inst.:Š A large cross without decoration of any kind was held by an attendant at one side of the stage, and a large American flag at the opposite side of the stage. While the grand old song "America" was being sung by the as-sembled thousands, the cross and flag were borne toward each other, the flag being caused to fall in graceful folds about the cross. To the casual observer, perhaps, there is nothing sig-nificant in this transaction; but to the student of proph-ecy, to those whose attention has been called to the spirit of the times in which we live, and to those who discern which way the wind is blowing, so to speak, that one event means a great deal, and the idea carried out to its logical conclusion means nothing less than a union of Church and State. To this end the leaders of all the different religious societies are laboring. Deny it as they will, it is bound to crop out here and there, either at Chautauqua assems blies or at some of their great conventions. In conversation with the ordinary individual, when the subject of religious liberty is presented to him and the danger is shown him of a union of the ecclesiastical with the civil power in America, about the first dodge that he makes is to cite our national Constitution and quote the First Amendment thereto with great gusto; but how many are there out of a thousand or out of ten thousand who are aware that our Government, execu-tively, judicially and legislatively, has committed itself and established a precedent that is a menace to our lib-erties. All it requires is a practical application, and we would have the Dark Ages over again and thereby would history again repeat itself. The camel has his head al-ready in the tent, and it is only a question of time and a short time at the longest, when his whole body will be in-side the tent ; and then what? And what makes this thing all the more difficult to believe is that Protestants are helping it along. Were the papacy at the helm it would not be wondered at so much perhaps. However, the papacy is only biding her time, and when the final blow is struck that will deprive us of our liberties, America can thank so-called Protest-antism for it. Let us study our Bibles more diligently and see for ourselves whether these things be so. "THAT which is protected by government may justly be compelled to maintain it. I would like to see all church property in the land taxed to the last dollar's worth:"ŠRev. Dr. Shipman, Christ Church, N. Y. City. 