216 THE _AM  wRICA_N SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JULY 10, 1890. NOTE.- Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having, ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. SPEAKING of the Non-Partisan Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the Inde-pendent of this city says : ".We most heartily commend it to those who want to do temperance work without complica-tion with political parties." And so do we ; and not only so, but we suggest that every Christian ought to want to do tem-perance work in just that way. THE Mail and Express heads the fol-lowing dispatch, " Americanism in the West" :Š Chicago, June 13. One hundred delegates from lodges of the Patriotic Sons of America throughout the State met last evening at the Grand Pacific Hotel to devise means of creating a public senti-ment in favor of the suppression of German public schools. The meeting was enthusiastic and unan-imous. Let us hear no more about Russian and German despotism in forcing the Russian and German languages upon conquered provinces. A SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, dispatch says :Š Canton and Springfield played the first Sunday game of ball, on Sunday, before 3,000 people, not-withstanding the ministers' vigorous protest. Mon-day morning, by pre-arrangement of the baseball management, Constable Parsons arrested managers and players. In Squire Miller's court they pleaded guilty, and each was fined twenty-five cents and costs. The latter will be thrown off. Church-going people are kicking over the fines imposed by the Justice, and there is likely to be some fun later. That seems strange. We are confidently assured by very many people that Sunday laws are not religious, but police regu-lations for the health of the people. If that were true it would seem that boards of health, and not the church people, should do the " kicking " when Sunday laws are violated. JUNE 2, Joseph Keeter and Joseph Bar-nett, of Indianapolis, were fined by Mayor Sullivan for taking photographs on Sun-day. The former, -with costs, paid $19.50 and the latter paid $13.25. Both were amateurs engaged in taking landscapes. George Wilson and Ruth Keeter were ar-rested for the same offense, but their cases we're continued. Laws that make such things possible ought to be promptly abolished. We suppose, however, that the Indiana Sunday law is simply a "civil reg-ulation " to " preserve the health of the people" by keeping them from working  too hard. It might not occur_ to many that amateur photography is necessarily either very-hurtf al physically or morally, but they forget :that this was done on Sunday. Sunday is a very Peculiar day. It would no doubt be all right for the Mayor of In-dianapolis to take his carriage and enjoy a drive on Sunday, or for any number of people to devote the day to feasting and visiting, but taking photographs of land-scapes is not to be tolerated. Ł-Ł   SENATOR BLAIR, in a letter to the Mail and Express some time since, said I yet believe that instead- of selecting a final toler-ation of so-called religions, the American people will, by constant and irresistible pressure gradually expel from our geographical boundaries every relig-ion except the Christian in its varied forms. I do not expect to see the pagan and other forms exist-ing side by side with the former, both peaceably ac-quiesced in, for any length of time. I do not think that experienceŁ will satisfy the American people that the inculcation of any positive religious belief hostile to the Christian faith, or the practice of the forms of any other worship, is conducive to the good order of society and the general welfare. There may not be any exhibition of bigotry in this. I believe that religious toleration will yet come to be considered to be an intelligent discrimination between the true and the false, and the selection of the former by such universal consent as ,shall exclude by general reprobation the recognition and practice of the latter. . . . The people are considering these subjects anew. They are questioning whether there be not some mistake in theories of religious liberty, which permit the inculcation of the most destructive errors in the name of toleration, and the spread of pestilences under the name of liberty which despises the quarantine. This casts an important sidelight upon the legislation of which Mr. Blair is the author. It shows that the spirit of relig-ious despotism and intolerance is ingrained in his very make-up, and that these meas-ures in legislation are simply the means through which he would give vent to that which is in him and a host of others of his kind who are backing him up in his me-diaaval methods. SOME time ago when everything possible was being done to secure from Congress some recognition of Sunday as the Sab-bath, some action that would serve as a precedent for more extended and far-reaching legislation, the country was as-sured that the District of Columbia was without a Sunday law. THE SENTINEL published at that time an old Sunday law of the State of Maryland which has long been in force in the District, having never been repealed, but, even after it was pub-lished, the statement was still bandied about that the District had no Sunday law. This is now contradicted by the fol-lowing from the Washington correspond- ent of the Mail and Express:Š There is a good deal of excitement in sporting circles here over the question of Sunday baseball games. The Sunday law in the District of Colum-bia is very strict. Not only are all saloons, cigar stores, and other shops closed, but the barber shops are shut up also, peddlers are not allowed to sell fruit on the street, and while newsboys are allowed  to sell papers, they are not permitted to cry their wares. There' is no city on the continent where Sunday observance is so strictly enforced, and no attempt has- ever been made to resist or test the law. The baseball managers hold that the game is a healthy amusement, and that there is no law to prohibit them from doing as they please within the inclosure which is leased by them. The grounds are in an isolated locality, and they claim that no one can be disturbed or interfered with in their observance of the Sabbath, by a game. They claim also that there is no law prohibiting baseball play-ing on Sunday. The District Commissioners, how-ever, say that there is a law against Sunday des-ecration and they intend to enforce it. Those who remember reading the Sun-day law of the District of Columbia, pub-lished in THE SENTINEL of February 13, will readily agree that it is " very strict"; also that it is ample to prevent ball-playing or almost anything else of a sec-ular nature on Sunday. A MOST interesting book has found its way to our table. It is entitled, " From Eden to Eden," by the late J. H. Wag-goner of Basel, Switzerland. This book is a brief examination of the more impor-tant historic and prophetic portions of the Scriptures. It is not a labored argu-ment to prove the divine inspiration of the Bible. That is taken for granted. And yet the book presents incidentally the most irrefragable evidence of the divine origin of both the Old and New Testa-ments. The Scriptures themselves are their own best witness, and the author of this book well says :Š It is the office of the Scriptures themselves to convince of their own origin and authority. To those who read them reverently not a word is needed to prove that they are divine; while to those who do not read them, or who read them carelessly and without reverence, no manner or amount of proof can be given that can cause them to realize their divinity, their importance, or their beauty. To be appreciated, the Bible must be studied with an ear-nest desire to learn the truth. The object of this book is to assist to just such a study as is here indicated, and the plan upon which it is written is most admirably adapted to that end. One im-portant truth kept constantly in view by the author is the unity of the divine plan as revealed in the several parts of the Scriptures. Though embracing only 264 pages, this work covers " the entire period of the world's history and the consummation of the plan of redemption, yet the important truths which enter into this plan are so connected in their presentation, that the thoughtful reader cannot fail to see the relation of each to the others, and to re-alize the necessity of each as a part of the wholeŠbrevity being rather a help in this direction than otherwise." This book is sold only by subscription. For prices and terms to agents, address the publishers, Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal., or 43 Bond Street, New York. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 