54 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of Christ governing the marriage relation." The im-portance in this critical juncture," says the Statesman, "of giving to an anti polygamy amend'ment a distinctly Christian character, with an express acknowledgment embodied in it of the law of Christ as of supreme author-ity, in the government of the marriage relation, cannot be overestimated." It is indeed a matter of great importance whether the Government legislates against polygamy and debars polygamists from office because of the law of Christ, or whether  it is done upon purely secular grounds. For if the Government is to enforce one thing because it is demanded by the law of Christ, how can it refuse to enforce any other thing demanded by that law? The Government would be logically bound to attempt to enforce the lawŠor willŠof Christ in all things, and thus to make itself a theocracy, executing the dictates of the church and calling back the dark days of religiou4erseeution. It is to this ignoble point that the National Reform "God-in the Constitution" theocratic party are with untiring zeal striving-to lead this nation. IN behalf of the "religious amendment to the Con-stitution" demanded by the theocratic party, it is ar-gued that "The conducting of civil government requires continually the determination of national moral prob-lems." And "this necessity proves the nation itself to be a moral agent, and that it needs an infallible stand-ard for its guidance, such as only the moral law of the ° Christian religion affords." It is true that a being having moral responsibility needs to be guided by an infallible standard of moral right, and that the moral lawŠthe DecalogueŠis such a standard. But how is this infallible standard to be used by the Government? The theocratic "reformers" insist that the Government shall enforce the observance of Sunday. They say this is a duty commanded by the Decalogue. That is their viewŠtheir opinionŠof it. But is their opinion infallible? And when they insist that the Government enforce their opinion of the mean-ing of the moral law, will the Government then be guided by an infallible standard? Certainly it will not. No man is infallible; no assemblage or organization of men is infallible. And no man or organization of men can give an infallible application of the moral law. No infallible directions can be given to the Government by any man or men with reference to moral duty. The Government, if it permits any such moral guidance, will be infallibly led astray. The infallible standard afforded by the Word of God is of practicable value only through the agencies of in-struction which God himself bas provided. God has given, to the believer, his Holy Spirit, as an infallible guide into all truth. This cannot possibly be dispensed with. The infallible voice must be the voice of God, never the voice of man. Ł And as each individual of the human family is re-quired to have faith, and to seek to the Lord for wis-dom, so is the guidance of the Holy Spirit for each individual, independently of all others. The infallible standard of morality can be seen in its application to human affairs only by each individual for himself, and only within the limits of his own moral responsibilities. When one person attempts to apply God's infallible moral standard within the sphere of another person's responsibilities, he puts himself in the place of God, and can only lead others into darkness instead of light. There is already in the world, and has been for cen-turies, a religious organization, which professes to do just what these reformers have in mind to do: it pro-fesses to apply the infallible moral standard to the affairs of governments as well as of individuals, and is ready to point out certain requirements as being mor-ally binding upon governments. That organization is the papacy; and it became the papacy only by holding to the doctrine that civil governments are bound by the moral law, and assuming, just as the theocratic party does now, to point out to the civil power the moral duties binding upon it. That organization is as good "a one as can be devised for that purpose. The National Reform party and its allies are forming another organi-zation which can at best only be exactly like the first one, and not in any way better. But even if these "reformers" or any body of men on the earth could speak with an infallible voice in ap Ł plying the moral law to human affairs, the Government would still be debarred from attempting to conform to its requirements, for the reason that a government can-not possess moral responsibility. Civil government is a creature of man, and the creature is reponsible only to its creator. Civil government exists not to obey law, but to execute it; and the only law that civil gov-ernment can know is the will of the people who create it. Civil government exists to prevent anarchy in human society, and it has no other purpose whatever. And when it does this, it reaches the limit of its responsibil-ity and its usefulness. It has no other business than to prevent anarchy because there is no other necessity for it. It prevents anarchy when it protects the individuals of society in the enjoyment of their natural rights; and it does this by enforcing the laws which have been de-vised for this purpose. Civil government is a means of serving moral beings, and not a moral, being itself. Moral beings, so far as this world is concerned, are human beings, always. At the first, the only moral beings on the earth were Adam and Eve, and all other moral beings since their time are only such as have descended from them. God alone can create a being having moral responsibility. BE intolerant as you please of sin in your own heart, but remember that you cannot look into the hearts of others. 