AMERICAN SENTINEL. 119 to support a religion with which they have no sympathy. It costs the State of Virginia a big sum of money to protect church property. Who pays for the protection? Not only Christians, but Jews and infidels. "It is claimed that the exemption of church property from taxation is justifiable on the ground that churches promote morality, and thus decrease the expenses of the Government in protecting the lives, liberty and property of its subjects. On the same ground any minister of the gospel, or any superintendent of a Sunday-school, or any teacher of a Bible-class, or any temperance lecturer could claim exemption from taxation, because he is a promoter of morality. I have heard of a wholesale dry goods merchant whose habit was to call his clerks and other employes together every day and lecture to them on the subject of Christian ethics. If the promotion of morality is a just ground for exemption from taxation, surely that man's business should have been exempted. Why discriminate between the promoters of morality? It is unjust. "I do not believe that in every place of public worship morality is promoted. In Mormon, Buddhist, and Mohammedan places of worship the infamous doctrine of polygamy is taught; and when the government under which I live exempts such places from taxation, it violates and outrages my conscience by compelling me, a tax-payer, to support polygamy. "We find an alliance of church and state again in the appointment of chaplains to Congress, to our army and navy, and to our State legislatures and many State institutions. The creation and support of these offices is nothing less than governmental patronage of the Christian religion. The ministers who fill these places are commissioned by the Government; they are respons-ible to the Government for the manner in which they perform their ministerial functions; they are in the strictest sense Government preachers. If that is not a union of church and state there is no such thing in England or Germany or Austria or Russia. "What right has either Federal or State government to espouse the cause of any religion and provide for its maintenance and propagation anywhere under the sun? When and where did the people delegate to them such authority? Where, in the Federal Constitution, or in the Constitution of the State of Virginia, do you find any warrant for such procedure? Did the wise and liberty-loving men who framed these great instruments of organic law ever dream of such a thing as founding a government that should lend its mighty arm to the establishment and support of any religion? The Federal Constitution says: 'Congress shall make no laws respect-ing an establishment of religion.' How can a State establish religion ?ŠBy appointing and paying ministers to do religious work. "If my son were in the navy and compelled to attend a religious service every Sunday conducted by a Moham-medan or Mormon, I should be deeply grieved. It would be to him and to me an intolerable affliction. "We are bound to admit that the Government can just as consistently with its organic law appoint a Mohammedan or a Mormon to a chaplaincy in the navy as it can appoint an Episcopalian, a Presbyterian, or a Baptist. It is a violation of the fundamental law of the Republic and an outrage upon conscience to appoint  any one to do religious work in the navy or elsewhere. "Let members of Congress take money from their own pockets to support the men whom they choose to lead them in their morning devotions. Let the officers and privates of the army and navy contribute of their own earnings for the support of the men who minister to them in spiritual things. If they cannot do it, then let the churches of the country provide for them, just as they do for people in their mission fields. "The governor of Virginia, backed by a petition or recommendation from five Christian ministers in Rich-mond, asks the legislature for authority to appoint a man to preach the gospel of Christ in the penitentiary, and to take from the State's treasury a sum of money sufficient for his support. If the legislature should authorize such an appointment, and such an appropria-tion from the treasury of the State, it will thereby dis-criminate against other religions and declare Christianity to be the religion of the State. When did Virginians ever delegate to their civil government the right to determine for them what religion they should support? The passage of such a measure would wound the con-sciences of many thousands of Virginia people, and prac-tically annul the principle embodied in the great 'Bill of Rights' adopted by our fathers. "Every true, Christian in the State appreciates the importance of preaching the gospel to the convicts in our State's prison. So far, this work has been provided partly by ministers who have asked for no pecuniary compensation, and partly by missionaries, supported by voluntary contributions of the churches. The super-intendent of that prison says that no chaplain could do the work which is now being performed by the churches. "What good reason could the State give for inter-fering with this plan which has been operated so success-fully? If more religious work is needed among these convicts let it be known, and the Christian people of Virginia will provide for it." -0-. THERE is a strike of ;granite cutters in progress in Chicago, and the Central Federated (labor) Union of that city have written President McKinley to remind him that as a member of the Union, he is expected to take action in their favor. The President became an honorary member of this organization some time ago, through being chosen to lay the corner-stone of the new Chicago post-office. The labor union controlled the situation there and were able to dictate that no work on the building should be done by non-union men. The President was of course not a member of a labor union, but the difficulty was gotten over in this case by making him an honorary member. He now finds this honorary position somewhat embarrassing. It is reported that the tyranny of the trade unions in Chicago, exercised through an almost complete con-trol of the labor situation there, is such that some piano firms and other manufacturing plants intend to leave the city, in order that employees, not members of the unions, may work, for them without molestation. 