"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, JUNE 1, 1899. NUMBER 22. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. iitgr Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it stay know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay ford. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE law of man is a law of restrictions; the law of God is a "law of liberty." .4 .4 THE civil authorities have no right to gather a trib-ute which belongs to God. A .4 No MAN is in any danger of losing the Sabbath so long as he maintains faith in God. A A LAW and conscience are both essential in their places; but neither one can be substituted for the other. A A A PERSON can be an observer of every law of man, and at the same time a violator of every law of God. A .4 CHRISTIAN warfare means death to self; carnal war-fare means death to whatever gets in the way of self. So LONG as a legislature cannot promulgate spirit-ual laws, so long will it be powerless to deal with spirit-ual evil. .4  A THE best thing in the world needs only to be per--verted from its proper use to become the worst thing. This, is true of perverted religion, and religion is always perverted when it is joined with the compulsion of the civil power. THE gospel provides that every man shall govern himself, and so declares that every man, civilized or sav-age, has the right to self-government and liberty. A A SELF-GOVERNMENT is a demand of Christianity; hence self-government cannot be denied to a people without the assumption of a right to set bounds to the gospel. A 01  THE man who is "compelled" to work on Sunday for fear of losing his job, is not a slave to his emplOyer, but to his fears. A A HE who loses life to preserve conscience, saves both conscience and life; but he who parts with conscience to preserve his life, has surrendered both. Christ's Laws and the Laws of Society. How BAD could society in this country or elsewhere become and still be as good as the law of the land de-mands? Let us suppose society in a condition where the only attention paid to the demands of morality was such as the law of the land actuallycompelled the people to give. Nobody committed murder, yet everybody hated every-body else, and when one died everybody else was glad of it. Nobody stole anything, yet everybody coveted the possessions of his neighbors, and only the most sleepless vigilance made any possession safe. Nobody swore falsely against his neighbor, yet nobody had any regard for the truth. Nobody committed adultery, yet every-body wanted to; nobody doing anything for which the law could take hold of him, yet not a spark of love, not a grain of mercy, not a trace of principle, in any breast. Would such a condition of society be expressive of right-eousness? or of total depravity? 