"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT; FOR I CAME NOT- TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 1. NEW YORK, JANUARY 2, 1896. Price, three cents.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. r".42,0 T. JONES, 1.  .7—..GYIN P. BOLLMAN, L eh)/ A. SMITH, ASSISTANT EDITOR. EDITORS. RETROSPECTIVE AND PROSPECTIVE. 4ITH this number the AMERICAN SENTINEL en ers upon the eleventh year of its publica- When the first number of the SENTINEL was issued, few, comparatively, even of its friends, realized the real necessity there was for such a paper, and very many thought that there was in this country no field for a journal devoted to the advocacy of religious liberty. But subsequent events have fully justified the existence of the SENTINEL, every year making the necessity for it more appar-ent than the previous one. The past year has been unusually eventful in the conflict between truth and error, between righteousness and unrighteousness, between soul-liberty and the bondage of sin. The year opened with persecution for con-science' sake, actually in progress in Switzer-land, in England, and in various parts of our own country, notably in Tennessee; and there has been no general abatement. Under color of the Swiss Factory Act, the Seventh-day Adventist publishing house in Basel was closed some months since, the manager imprisoned, and the publishing work carried on there greatly crippled. Ł The employ& of this publishing house, in-stead of being protected by the operations of this "law," have been greatly embarrassed and made to suffer hardship because of the loss of employment; and this seems the more inconsistent because Sunday is not as strictly observed in Switzerland as in some other countries. The plaza in front of the Imprim-erie Polyglotte, the Seventh-day Adventist publishing house, is frequently the scene of Sunday military parades and athletic games; and on at least one recent occasion the reviewing stands were erected on Sunday. Nevertheless both the government and people of SNyitzerland have, turned a deaf ear to the  prayer of the Seventh-day Adventists for simple justice. In England religious persecution, waged against the same people, has run about the same course. Here, as in Basel, it was car-ried on under color of the Factory Act; and, as appears from the statement which we take from the Daily Graphic, published upon page 4,* the greatest sufferers have been those whom the act styles " protected persons." The facts, as set forth in the appeal of the Board of Directors to the Home Secretary, to which we have just referred, unmistakably stamp the action of the authorities in this in-stance as religious persecution. Intolerance in Our Own Land. In our own country bigotry and intolerance have been no less pronounced. The first quarter of the year saw ten Seventh-day Ad-ventists convicted and imprisoned in Rhea County, Tenn., upon the technical charge of " nuisance," their offense being the perform-ance of ordinary secular labor on the first day of the week. And this conviction was had notwithstanding the absence of all evidence that there was any disturbance other than the mental annoyance experienced by those whose bigotry and intolerance render them incapable of cheerfully awarding to others the exercise of rights which they demand for themselves. This persecution was a gross injustice not only to the imprisoned men and their families, but also resulted in cutting short a term of the Graysville Academy, to the great detriment of a number of students who were about ready to graduate. An appeal to the legislature of Tennessee for relief by repeal of the oppressive act was treated with contempt; and four months later eight Seventh-day Adventists, including sev-eral of the same individuals formerly impris-oned, were again convicted and imprisoned and worked in the chain-gang with common criminals. During the same time there were other similar cases of persecution in Massa-chusetts, Maryland, Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Onta-rio, and Manitoba. Statutes Overridden. In both Illinois and Arkansas there is a clause exempting from the penalties of the " law " observers of the seventh day. But this provision has been overridden, notably in Illi-nois, and quiet)  inoffensive, and in every  respect law-abiding citizens have been haled before courts, and have been tried and unjustly convicted. And but for an appeal to the Su-preme Court, now pending, these men would be suffering imprisonment at the present moment for the exercise of their God-given, constitutional, and statutory rights. And what has been the attitude of the peo-ple toward these persecutions? Largely one of indifference. This has been especially true in foreign lands. In London it is said by a high government official that the numbers concerned were too insignificant to justify any action looking to relief, by the govern-ment. * In this country, a considerable part of the secular press has spoken out nobly in defense of the rights of conscience, and in condemnation of tyranny. But a majority of the religious papers have been either silent or have given their voice in favor of restriction and oppression. With the single exception of the American Baptist Publication Association, the various religious bodies of this country, so far as they have spoken, have by resolutions not only in-dorsed the restriction of religions liberty, but have demanded the enactment and enforce-ment of still more stringent statutes calcu-lated to bind as with a chain not only the bodies but the souls of men to the Sunday Juggernaut. With the details our readers are familiar. What Is Involved. The law of God declares that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and commands in une-quivocal language that it be kept holy. Not only so, but God appeals repeatedly to the facts set forth in that commandment as the ground of his rightful authority over all men, and also declares: " I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them."' Thus the Sabbath is the sign of God not only as Creator but as re-Creator, or Saviour. But in contradistinction to this the Catholic Church commands the observance Sunday, to which she appeals as the badge of her au-thority to command men under sin.' And * See " Too Few to Have Rights," on page 4. 1  Eze. 20:12. Ques. How prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days 7 Ans. By the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, Which, Protestants allow of; aid tberefore they 