  794 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       him, and it is clear that God knows the end from the be-ginning. Let us see how many hundreds of years have been spanned by these wonderful statements." "Why, it is more than a thousand years," said Char-lie, as he figured it up. "Now, Charlie, suppose that some man had under-taken to predict for a thousand years, unaided by divine wisdom, do you think he would have been able to foretell how many kingdoms would rise and fall, and that the first would be lion-like, the second bear-like, consisting of two nations, the higher to come up last, that the third would be like a leopard, and be divided into four king-doms, and that the last would be great and terrible, and would be divided into ten kingdoms?" "No," said Charlie. "God must have inspired Daniel to write these things.  If a man alone had written it, it would have petered out long ago; but instead of that it keeps getting deeper and better all the time." "Did you learn the names of the ten kingdoms, and can you tell me how they came into existence?" "Why, mama, the wild tribes from the North swept down upon Rome, and as Rome was weak with luxury and corruption, she could not stand. The names of the ten kingdoms were the Huns, the Ostrogoths, Suevi, Rerun, A nglo-Saxons, Lombards, Burgundians, Vandals, Franks, and Visigoths." "Do you recognize among these names any that sound like some of the names of the nations of to-day?" "Yes, mama. The Franks and the Anglo-Saxons, or France and England. I cannot trace out the rest; but the kingdoms of Europe occupy the territory of these ancient nations." "Now, Charlie, when did the last division appear?" "In 483 A. D." "Please read now what the prophet saw coming up among the ten horns." Charlie read the 8th verse: "I considered the horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots : and, behold, in this horn were eyes like the eyes of a man, and a mouth speaking great things." "Now, just when was this horn with eyes to come up? Let us get him located." "Why, after the ten horns came up." "To prove that, we'll read the 24th verse." "'And the ten horns . . are ten kings that shall arise, and another shall arise after them, and he shall be di-verse from the first, and he shall subdue three kings.' " "Then you see clearly that we must look for this power or horn on this side of 483 A. D." "Yes, mama." "There was a power arose that was different from the others, and in token of the subjugation of three kings he wears the tiara, which means three crowns. He has a very far seeing, shrewd outlook over the world, and a mouth that speaks great things." "0, mama, I know who it is. It is the pope. Just wait a moment till I show you a picture I have in my Reader. I cut it out of a colored print. See, there's the tiara on the pope's head. It has a crown round the bot-tom, and a crown round the center, and one on the top. But say, mama, how does the pope feel to see himself pic-tured in the Bible?" "I do not know, dear, that he knows he is pictured there." "Well, I should think he might find it out. If I was a Catholic, I think I would know what that meant." "Maybe not; for Catholics are not taught to read the Bible for themselves. However, dear, I feel that we Prot-estants have very little to pride ourselves on in the matter of Bible knowledge. For a long time we have been ignorant of truths that are even more apparent than that this applies to the pope." "Well, mama, do tell me how the pope arose. Pat Flannagan says that Christ made Peter the first pope, and gave him the keys to the kingdom of heaven; and that he handed the keys to the next pope, and so on down; and that they are now in the Vatican at Rome. and that no one but Catholics will be saved." "Well, Charlie, let us see just how the pope came to exist. The Apostle Paul said that after his death griev-ous wolves would enter in, not sparing the flock; and that men would `arise, speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after themselves.' The first intimation of a pope is found in these words that show his origin to be in self. Men would rise who would draw away disciples from Christ to themselves. Paul knew that the pope was to rise before Christ should come, and told the people that the man of sin' would appear and 'sit in the temple of God, showing himself to be God.' This was Paul's prophecy. In looking all over the world we find no one but the pope who claims to be God coa earth. "Going, back to history we'find that the early disciples in the second century lost their first love, and when the love of Christ goes out, the love of self comes in, and self-love leads to self-exaltation. When you read church his-tory you will find that Christianity began to be popular in Constantine's time. It had the aid of the state; for church and state were united. The bishops of the church were put into high positions, were wealthy and great, and very unlike the meek and lowly Saviour. But al-though they called their religion Christianity, it was in-deed only paganism under a new cloak. They brought into the church pagan ideas and institutions, and among the rest the day of the sun. Constantine made the first Sunday law in 321 A. D. We will speak of this again. The bishops and dignitaries of the church grew very proud, and in the time of Justinian a quarrel arose among the bishops as to which should be the greatest. This quarrel was taken to Justinian, who decreed that the bishop of the church of Rome should be supreme. Three of the ten kingdoms rebelled against the decree, and they had a civil war. These kings were subdued by the army, just as we read in the prophecy that they would be, and the bishop of the church of Rome took the tiara 