'THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 139 regulation or prohibition of the liquor traffic, and if by education is meant mak-ing provision for the secular instruction of those who are to become members of the body politic. If the State has the right to exist it has the right to perpetuate its existence; and this it can do in a republic only by maintaining a good degree of intelligence among the people. To this end it seems to us that it would be proper for the State to provide facilities for the education of the children, though we are not of the num-ber who believe that the children are the wards of the State, and that the right of the State is equal to that of the Barents. The principle of the regulation of the liquor traffic is universally admitted. That which the State may properly restrict it may properly prohibit; and the justice of the restriction of the liquor traffic is admit-ted by everybody. The man who pays a license to sell liquor thereby admits the right of the State to impose that license; and he likewise admits the right of the State to prohibit the traffic by those who pay no license. He not only admits this right but after paying his own license he demands that the State exercise the right. What right then has he to find fault should the State the next year refuse to give him license, and prohibit him from engaging in liquor traffic ? But there is another and even better reason to be urged in defense of temper-ance legislation, viz., the duty of the State to protect the lives and property of the individuals who compose the State, and to do this at the smallest expense consistent with the public safety. The records of our courts and prisons show that three-fourths of the crime of the country is caused by the liquor traffic, that a very large per cent. of the taxation is due to the same cause; and whatever may be said of the right of the individual to use intoxi-cating liquors, there can be no question of the right of all the people to prohibit a traffic that makes rich the few at the ex-pense of the many ; that puts into the treasury of the State a few paltry dollars, while it draws out indirectly a hundred-fold as much. Again, Mr. Macdonald assails us for hav-ing defended the legal suppression of po-lygamy. It is true that we have done so, but never upon moral grounds; we have defended it solely upon civil grounds. We have defended it because to permit polygamy is to take away the right of some men to have wives. Taking the world over, and indeed in the United States, the number of males and females are practically equal. To permit polyg-amy is to permit a monopoly in women. Again, to permit polygamy is either to discriminate unjustly between the sexes, or else it is to permit polyandry also. But this would cause utter confusion in families, and would make necessary a practical application of the pernicious  doctrine that children are wards of the State, because the State would be burdened with the care of numerous children of un-known paternity. These reasons may not seem sufficient to the ex-editor, who is somewhat tinctured with the doctrines of Herr Most, but they are the reasons we give, and they are, certainly not moral reasons, they are purely civil reasons, and if they and others of like nature are not sufficient we must admit that the State is not justified in interfering with polygamy; but to us they seem conclus-ive; and with this we dismiss the matter, trusting that our critic will absolve us from the charge of having told an un-truth, and he will in the future better understand our position in regard to moral legislation. C. P. B. Notes from the.  University of Michigan. A MOST interesting lecture was delivered in the University, April 4, by Mr. A. F. Ballenger, of Chicago, on the history of State-churchism during the Christian era. The lecture consisted of a drama of seven acts. The first act was the stoning of Stephen, in Jerusalem, in A. D. 34. The second act was the persecution of the early Christians, by the pagans, under Nero and his successors. The third act was the per-secution of Christians (non-Catholic) by Catholic Christians. The fourth act was the persecution of Christians (Catholic) by Protestant Christians (in England under Elizabeth). The fifth act was the perse-cution of Protestants by Protestants (the case of Servetus being used as a striking illustration). The sixth act was the per-secution of American Christians (Baptists, Quakers, etc.), by American Christians (Puritans). The seventh act was a vivid portrayal of the persecution of Sabbatari- Ł ans in Tennessee, by American Christians of to-day. While, as the speaker portrayed his subject, he passed Łfrom act to act, and depicted scene after scene of the tragic drama; as he carried his listeners from mediteval Europe to the wilds of the New World; from intolerant New England of a century and a half ago, to the America of to-day; as he opened the doors of some of our American prisons and visited Christians imprisoned there for their faith ; as he knelt on the prison floors and prayed with them, and then turned to the desolate home where loving wife and child await day by day the return of the hus-band and father;Šit was almost with a chill of horror that the listeners realized the final act was being played in free Prot-estant America, in the closing years of the enlightened ntueteenth century. The speaker stated that the times were some excuse for the persecutions of former days. But what excuse was there for America, after a century of prosperity, unparalleled in the history of the world, to again enforce the unchristian, un- American laws interfering with a person's religious belief ? As a logical deduction the speaker asserted that " Neither Prot-estantism, Americanism, nor the civiliza-tion of the nineteenth century, unaided, is able to cope with the bigotry and intolerance of the human heart. Every persecution presented here was made possible by a union of Church and State; I bring them all, martyred.Catholic, and martyred Prot-estants, martyred Puritans and martyred Quakers,Šall from the death of Stephen to our own timeŠtheir beast-torn forms, their rack-tortured bodies, and their sacred ashes, and lay them at the door, not of Christianity as taught and practiced by its Author, for I challenge the world to prove that by word or act the great Author of the Christian religon ever sanctioned the propagation or defense of his teach-ings by means of the civil arm; no, I lay them at the door of civil and ecclesiastical union, and charge them, not upon the re-ligion of the meek and lowly Nazarene, but upon that engine of tyranny which has written the pages of ecclesiastical history in blood and disgraced the name Christian." A more vivid lecture, or a more convinc-ing presentation, would have been indeed difficult. At the close of the lecture, Mr. Thompson, of the law department, one of the finest bass singers in the University, rendered " The Prisoner," which was quite touching, and a very appropriate song to follow the lecture. The music was Lady Carew's famous piece, " The Bridge," and the words were as follows:Š "I stood in a Southern prison, and held a comrade's hand; Not when the war cloud sullen, hung o'er that sunny land. The Nation's strife was over, and Peace with gentle hand, Round blue and grey was weaving Love's shining, golden bandŁ My friend was not war's prisoner; nor of his own misdeeds; But victim of passions more cruel, of cold, relentless creeds. " I asked the kindly jailor to loose the iron door; And there in that loathsome prison we knelt upon the floor. Not often, no, not often, is heard the voice of prayer In a dark and loathsome prison with its poison ladened air. Yet often, ah, too often, has the scene I witnessed there Made Freedom's cheek blush crimson and tarnished her name so fair " Ah, what, I asked the jailor, as he barred again the door, What deed of shame committed, the prison records bore ? What crime against his fellows now barred him a prisoner lone, And left a wife and children in a widowed, orphan's home ? ' 0 shame,' he muttered sternly the crime is of the State, Your friend is another victim of a bigot's cruel hate.' " For obedience to his Maker, he lay in that prison cell, Till the shadow of death came o'er him the sun could ne'er dispel. My comrade and brother is sleeping, he lies buried where he fell; Awaiting the roll-call of heaven: a mansion for a cell.' " Just before the ballad was sung, Mr. Ballenger stated the facts which caused the writing 'of it which, in brief, are as follows : In 1886, Mr. W. H. Parker, a Sabbatarian, living at Springville, Ten-nessee, was prosecuted for laboring on his own premises on Sunday, by some whose religious views were disturbed. His case was taken to the Supreme Court of the State; but getting no relief there, and refusing to pay the fine and costs im-posed, amounting in all to $69.81, which he believed to be unjust, he was taken from his wife and child, and put in jail to 