TFIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 343 THE following is from Richmond, Texas:Š The jury in the case of Rev. John Todd, Justice of the Peace, charged with selling a bottle of Florida water on Sunday, brought in a verdict of guilty, and assessed his punishment at twenty dollars and costs. The case excited quite a great deal of in-terest, and the defense had three of our ablest at-torneys employed. This decides the fate of the Sunday-law in Richmond, and is the third convic-tion. Liverwich, a merchant, was fined twenty dollars for selling a five-cent fan, W. B. Parrott was fined twenty dollars for selling a pint of whisky. All convictions under the Sunday law. It is difficult to understand that such a paragraph as this refers to incidents in the last decade of the nineteenth century ; and still more that it narrates occurrences in the United States, where it has long been supposed that it was not the business of the State to enforce religious observances; but being assured that this is not the twelfth century, and Texas is in the United States, the paragraph must be passed to the consideration of those who tell us that the spirit of religious bigotry is dead and that there need be no fear that the church will ever attain a supremacy over the State. COLONEL SHEPARD made the solemn prophecy before the National Commissioners of the World's Fair that, unless that great Exposition is closed on Sunday, Chicago will be visited with tempests, direful earthquakes, great floods, cyclones, and general disaster. It is further reported that he has engaged a suite of rooms, during the Fair, in the Auditorium Hotel, for $25,000. Putting these two things together, the problem would foot up about like this: the Colonel either does not believe his own prophecy, and is just trying the old-fashioned ecclesiastical scare, so common in the Dark Ages, on the Commissioners; or, if he does believe it, he thinks the Chicago Auditorium storm and earth-quake proof when it has him for an occupant; and so he will view 'the majesty of the awful scene from that standpoint; or, to take another view of the question, something in which he has twenty-five thousand dollars worth of faith gives him the as-surance that the World's Fair will actually be closed on Sundays. It is not intended to be dis courteous toward this remarkable prophecy, but the human mind will reflect. A. 0. TAIT. Ł SAM JONES and Sam Small have organized a Law and Order League in Rome, Georgia, the pur-pose of which is to secure the legal and moral ren-ovation of that city. This gratuitous interference by the evangelists and their friends with the reg-ular course of legal procedure has met with a well-merited rebuke from the Circuit Judge. At the next session of the court after the establishment of this extra-judicial organization, Judge Maddox charged the Grand Jury, saying:Š It has been charged by two ministers of the gos-pel that certain specific crimes were openly com-mitted here; and, as a consequence, a law and order club has been organized. So long as this court exists there is no need of such a club. You, gentlemen of the Grand Jury, are the only law and order club necessary. This is the first time that these Law and Order Leagues which, are being organized, not only throughout the United States, but throughout the world, as active aids to the Sunday Union Societies, have met with the slightest criticism. There will be an awakening before long to the fact that there is throughout the world, in the International Law and Order League, a strong and systematic organ-ization, ready to be the right hand and swing the sword for the International Federation of Lord's Day Societies. -4- THE Superintendent of the Sabbath Observance Department of the Woman'ts Christian Temperance Union of Pennsylvania, reported at the State Con-vention of the Union, lately held at Bradford, Pa., that thirty-nine counties of the State were organ-ized for " Sabbath observance," with County Super-intendents; that 96,933 pages of literature had been  distributed; 200 sermons had been preached by re-quest, on the subject; 26 special prayer-meetings had been held; 38 public meetings; 7 Bible read-ings given; 11 articles furnished by Superintend-ents for local papers; 8,549 signatures obtained to petition for closing the World's Fair,Š by the in-dorsement, through formal vote, of fifteen churches and the assistance of twenty-five churches in the circulation of the petition for signature; and at the request of the Department thirty business men had written letters to the World's Fair Commissioners protesting against the opening of the Exposition on Sunday. A Bible reading in support of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair or teaching the legal enforce-ment of the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, or in favor of civil laws compelling obe-dience to the commandment " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," would be an anomaly indeed. It is not at all surprising that no more than seven of them were given. Sunday in Foreign Countries. THE American Sabbath thus summarizes the progress of " National Reform " in foreign coun- tries during the last five years :Š Austria.Š A Labor Law protects women and minors from Sunday work, and makes the fiat of a Minister of the Government necessary for any manufacturing operations on the day of rest. Postal deliveries are now limited to one. Sunday evening and Monday morning newspapers are prohibited, because of the Sunday work necessary for their production. Many shops are now closed. Belgium.Š A Labor Law has been passed to diminish Sunday work in factories. Work on the State railways has been very greatly reduced. The influence of the Protestant congregations has se-cured Sunday rest largely in iron, coal, and glass industries. Denmarlc.ŠA Sunday-rest Law has been passed. Shops are closed at 9 A.M. for the day. Factories and workshops may not work between 9 A.M. and midnight. All employes have at least alternate Sundays off. Postal work is limited to one deliv-ery, Tramcar work is considerably lessened. France. ŠThe work of the French League for Sunday rest, which was founded at the Interna-tional Paris Congress of 1889, has spread with great rapidity in many parts of the country. The closing of shops becomes more and more common. Rail-way, goods, and parcels offices have been closed at 10 A.M. or at noon, instead of at later hours. In the annual meeting of six railway companies further installments of rest have been demanded, and in some cases secured. A Labor Law has passed, se-curing one day's rest in seven, but the Lord's day is not necessarily the day for rest. Gerntany.ŠA Labor Law protecting the Lord's day has been passed. The second delivery of let-ters has been suppressed throughout the whole Empire. Goods traffic is limited. Shops are now closed largely in Berlin and other cities and towns, and none may remain open more than five hours. Work is prohibited in mines, quarries, salt-pits, collieries, foundries, timber-yards, tile-yards, and factories of all kinds. Sunday race-meetings have incurred the displeasure of the Emperor, and are dying out. Holland.ŠOne of the most influential news-papers has closed its offices on Sunday, in agree-ment with the general movement for Sunday rest. Goods trains do not run, and parcels and goods are delivered only early in the morning. A -law has been passed securing rest for women and minors in factories and workshops. Hungary.---A law has been passed, generally the same as for Austria, both making the rest longer, i.e., from 6 P.M. on Saturday till midnight on Sun-day. Norway.ŠThe hitherto unbroken toil on tram-ways has been reduced, and a larger proportion of men rest. Labor in factories and workshops is greatly diminished, and women and children are protected. Russia. Š Here no marked progress has been made, but from all parts of the Empire petitions have been addressed to the Holy Synod, asking for the closing of all shops'and factories on Sunday. Sweden.ŠMovements here are of the same kind as in Norway and Denmark. Count A. Moltke, from Copenhagen, makes the same hopeful reports for the three countries. Switzerland comes last only alphabetically, for in actual progress this country is well to the front, as indeed it should be, for it is the headquarters of the Lord's Day Federation, has enjoyed the services  and support of the great-hearted Alexander Lom-bard, and is now served by noble Christians such as Pastor Roehrich, Pastor Ehni, Count St. Georges, and the steadfast and faithful Monsieur Deluz. By a law which came into force Dec: 1st, 1890, "Every servant of railway, steamer, tramway, and other locomotive companies, and the employes of the post-office, will have fifty-two days of rest in the year, of which seventeen must be Sundays. The day's work cannot be lengthened merely by the will of the employer, and in no case may exceed twelve hours, and at least one hour's rest must divide the work. No wage is to be deducted for the rest-day. Any breach of the law is to be visited with a penalty of from fr. 500 to fr. 1000." This law is supplementary to others which secure to the workmen in factories, mills, and workshops, their complete liberty on the Lord's day, except in certain cases, for which the authorization of the Federal Council is needed, and even then one Sun-day in two must be free. A railway is in course of construction, which connects Yverdon and St. Croix, in the Canton Vaud, which by its Constitution is to be free from all Sunday traffic for at least twenty-five years. To obtain this privilege the promoters have cheerfully sacrificed all the money subventions to which they had a claim from the various parishes, the Canton, and the State. SPEAKING of the observers of the first and seventh days of the week, Mr. W. F. Crafts says:--- The fourth commandment can be observed by keeping either day, but society cannot wisely en-courage or protect but one of them. --Watertown (S. D.) Public Opinion, July 35, 1890. Observations: 1. Let it not be forgotten that this apostle of Sunday laws admits that those who keep the seventh day obey the fourth command-ment. He can never consistently charge them with violating God's law in this respect. 2. Society can afford to encourage and protect the inalienable rights of the people composing it, one of which is the right of the individual to ob-serve any day as the Sabbath he may choose, and to labor on every other day. It cannot afford to trample upon one such right in one of its members. As is stated in the Bill of Rights in Kentucky, "ab- solute, arbitrary power ever the lives, liberty, and property of free men exists nowhere in a republic, not even in the largest majority." 3. It is not some day, or other religious rite or ceremony, that needs the encouragement and pro-tection of the Government, but the people. Civil governments were not instituted to protect religious rites and ceremonies, but to guard men and women in the exercise of their rights, and to protect them from the wicked and ambitious designs of those who in their thirst for position, or craving for power, would lord it over the souls and bodies of men. W. A. COLCORD. Ł  THE following letter, received at this office, will be of interest to the person who is sending THE SENTINEL to the address given. Such a letter is so rare that it is inserted in full, as a curiosity, but out of consideration for the correspondent his name is suppressed. 406 PIONEER PRESS BLDG., ST. PAUL, MINN., Oct. 17, 1891. Editor AMERICAN SENTINELŠSir Some one is at the expense of sending me your paper, for which I do not thank them. I have n't time to waste in reading it; and, com-paring it with the teaching of Jesus, the less it is read the better. Your energies might better be given to some-thing that will tend to lift up humanity from evil, than in tilting against windmills. Very truly yours, It is evident that as our friend has not had time to read THE SENTINEL, neither has he taken time to study the "teaching of Jesus" upon the questions of which THE SENTINEL treats; nor the Revelation of God, sufficiently to know who is the Don Quixote of the age "tilting against windmills." To make criminal upon one day in the week that which is perfectly legal at all other times, is simply to place a premium upon official corruption; to make possible persecution, as in Tennessee; and to educate plople to disregard and despise the law, 