324 T 1 AMVMCAN SVNTINEL, imagine the way a State might be formed. In the first place, all future citizens would agree that they needed a compact for the protection of life, honor, and property, and they would be willing to submit to majority rule for such a purpose. If the same people in the next place were asked if they would let the majority determine the country's religion, mode of worship, agricultural methods, trade prices, modes in dress, hours of labor, etc., the most of them would say no, and no agreement could be arrived at. A "majority" by force or by circum-stances could not in such affairs exercise any moral supremacy. Every dissenting citizen would be justified in opposing laws given by the "majority," or those in power. The conclusion reached is that "State authority can go no further than to ques-tions of common interest, questions upon which all agree by necessity. It can not and must not extend to the personal and private." And the Tidens Strom is right. There are limitations to even majority rule. The majority, however large it may be, has properly no just power to deprive the minority of any natural right. Upon this subject John Stuart Mill says:Š I deny the right of the people to exercise such coercion, either by themselves or by their govern-ment. The power itself is illegitimate. The best government has no more title to it than the worst. It is as noxious, or more noxious, when exerted in accordance with public opinion, than when in op-position to it. If all mankind minus one, were of one opinion, and only one person were of the con-trary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind. Again, directly in the same line, Mill says :Š This, then, is the appropriate region of human liberty. It comprises, first, the inward domain of consciousness; demanding liberty of conscience, in the most comprehensive sense; liberty of thought and feeling; absolute freedom of opinion and senti-ment on all subjects, practical or speculative, scientific, moral, or theological. . . . Secondly, the principle requires liberty of tastes and pursuits; of framing the plan of our life to suit our own character ; of doing as we like, subject to such con-sequences as may follow ; without impediment from our fellow-creatures, so long as what we do does not harm them, even though they should think our conduct foolish, perverse, or wrong. . . . No society in which these liberties are not, on the whole, respected, is free, whatever may be its form of government; and none is completely free in which they do not exist absolutely and unqualified. The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it. In the face of so clear a statement of the principles which underlie human liberty, few will dispute what Mr. Mill and the Tidens Strom have said; but some will take refuge in the plea that there is in this age no use in saying such things, be-cause the trend of the times is toward the fullest and most perfect liberty. But this is a most serious mistake Ł such expres-sions only mark that lack Of appreciation of the value of liberty which makes its overthrow easy. Upon this point Mr. Mill says :Š There is in the world at large an increasing in-clination to stretch unduly the powers of society over the individual, both by the force of opinion and even by that of legislation; and as the ten-dency of all the changes taking place in the world is to strengthen society, and diminish the power of the individual, this encroachment is not one of the evils which tend spontaneously to disappear, but, on the contrary, to grow more and more formid-able. The disposition of mankind, whether as rulers or as fellow-citizens, to impose their own opinions and inclinations as a rule of conduct on others, is so energetically supported by some of the best and by some of the worst feelings incident to human nature, that it is hardly ever kept under re-straint by anything but want of power; and as the power is not declining, but growing, unless a strong barrier of moral conviction can be raised against the mischief, we must expect, in the pres-ent circumstances of the world, to see it increase. And it is increasing at an alarming rate, and nowhere more rapidly than in our  own country, and that for the reason that the "strong barrier of moral conviction" which once opposed it seems to have been entirely swept away by a flood of sickly sentimentalism which makes the State everything and the individual nothing; and which instead of developing men, would make of the individual members of the human family mere automatons all fashioned according to a single pattern, with no diversity, and, if possible, less force of character. c. P. B. The Brooklyn Preacher, The Czar, and The Lord Mayor. REV. DR. TALMAGE has returned to his flock in a very happy and optimistic mood. He went on a mission of charity in which the right hand had been pretty well in-formed as to what the left hand was doing. As a matter of course, therefore, a most delightful reciprocity of feeling was the consequence, and Dr. Talmage profited greatly in the interchange of courtesies which ensued. He, consequently, comes home in a high state of elation. The courtly language of compliment still clings to his lips, and this with some very pernicious and un-American views, with which he has become infected, have es-caped both quarantine and the custom house officers. Immediately upon arriv-ing at his Brooklyn home the Doctor pro-ceeded to unpack his foreign goods and give them out liberally to the American public through the reporters. The ex-travagance of his adulation of Russian royalty is harmless, though amusing, as the expression of a Brooklyn minister whose practice it should be to be no re-specter of persons. He says :Š The Czar, I think, is one of the grandest men I ever met. He is as great as he is good and is doing the best he can for his people. The Empress, too, is a delightful woman. In every action she is an Empress, yet has the artlessness and simplicity of a child. It used to be said of an aged historian of note whose lectures were once much in vogue among the literary "four hundred" of New York, that his lectures upon Queen Elizabeth quite betrayed the good old gen-tleman as being "retrospectively enam-ored of her royal highness." Either Dr. Talmage has spoken very recklessly or his language betrays the weak and pitiful state of a mind overcome with sweet words, and courtly tinsel, and royal flat-tery, until he has become enamored of royalty. But it was the harmless and platonic fire of a historical imagination which inspired the delightful old lecturer; while Dr. Talmage is infected with a passion which takes all its character from the conditions of the immediate present, and may, from his personality, become highly contagious. His symptoms are serious. The evidences are that the dis-order has become chronic with him. Not only is he afflicted with this overweening admiration for royalty itself but he is also impressed with the royal prerogatives of religion, and is delighted to have hob-nobbed and banqueted with the queen's bishops and canons, and to have been called to answer at the festal board to the toast of "Religion in America." These are the words of the Doctor to the re-porter :Š Religion is flourishing in Great Britain. Both the Established Church and the Dissenters are doing a great work. In fact I find more religion than ever everywhere I go. . . . I attended a ban-quet at the Lord Mayor's in London, and met many  bishops and canons of the Church of England. I responded to the toast of "Religion in America." It would be interesting to know what this popular preacher said in such a hear-ing upon religion in America. Did he tickle their itching ears with the recital of the fact that the laws for the civil en-forcement of religious observance which they had transplanted to American soil, in colonial times, had become the chief corner-stones upon which the Supreme Court, by judicial fiat, constitutes this a Christian Nation ? Did he intentionally paraphrase Horace, and unwittingly make a scriptural reference, by telling them of the "beautiful daughters of a more beautiful mother" which had developed here. Did he tell them that these daughters, now in their early maturity, were proving their lineage and showing themselves worthy of their descent by their course with the State ? In what mingled language of Church and State and banquet hall did he say all this ? Or, did he represent before the Lord Mayor, the bishops, and the canons, that religion in America which has kept itself pure and undefiled, unspotted from the world, the devil, and the State? Did he? It is safe to say he did not. But others greater than he are also so enamored of the State, and greedy of its favors to the Church, and to themselves, as representa-tives of the Church, that they have no word of condemnation for the union of Church and State where it exists. They, too, are only anxious to participate in the feast, blind to the fact that they are feed-ing upon the "funeral baked meats," of true religion in the Church, which accepts the advances of the State, and in their own hearts, as they participate in the worldly sacrilege. Not only the representatives of the Church but the popular Church, at large, is willing to hang on the favor of civil rulers and share in and emulate the spirit-ual pollution of Old World Church and State union. This is the popular religious movement of the hour in this country. No one man, however eminent, leads. But every re-ligious teacher, however humble, should understand the responsibility which rests upon him to stand against the current and teach religion pure and undefiled, un- spotted from the world. W. H. M. The Illinois School Law Again. THE Illinois compulsory school law is in a fair way to be somewhat modified ere-long. A political paper in that State says of it:Š The Illinois school law, to which reference is made occasionally in the press, and of which the Prohibition Party is striving to make an issue, pro-vides for the compulsory education of children to the extent of requiring that each child between the ages of seven and fourteen shall be sent to public school at least sixteen weeks each year. A child may be sent to a private school, however, instead of public, if the private school is approved by the Board of Education or directors of the city, town or district in which the child lives. There is no controversy between parties in Illi-nois as to the propriety of a law compelling parents and guardians to give children a certain amount of school privileges. They are all agreed that com-pulsory education is a good thing. There is objection, however, to that clause of the law which practically gives to the Boards of Ed-ucation the right to decide whether a private school, to which it may be desired to send a child, is the right and proper one to be substituted for the public school. The people feel that after paying their school taxes they ought to have the right to send their children to private schools if they prefer 