12 `Ti 4E AMERICAN SENTINEL. Church of England, to the tenets of which she held until her death, which occurred three years later. During these three years :the child is a professing member of the Church of England. Upon the demise of her natural parent the child is left to the guardianship of two members of the mother's church. At this, point the fa-ther's relatives step in and demand that the childŠnow perhaps fifteen years of age7---shall be brought up in the faith of the father. The judge in equity held in favor of the latter. In making up, his decision the justice claimed, unwittingly and unintentionally, no doubt, that the jurisdiction of an En-glish equity judge extends beyond the grave, beyond the confines of earth and to the domain of heaven itself. He as-serted, and cited much supporting au-thority, that religious belief is not the re-sult of conviction, nor developed by the exercise of the reasoning faculties. It is simply the practice in maturity of dogmas instilled in youth. He piled up authority to prove that this child's natural guardian and teacher, its mother, had no more im- ' portance in the eyes of British law than the wooden Indian in front of a cigar store. He is, no doubt, a learned judge, and we all know that learned judges, in both Great Britain and the United States, are enabled to find any given quantity of law in support of whatever opinion they may advance. But an intelligent, fair-minded person will find it difficult to free himself of the suspicion that this English judge was influenced by something beside the law in formulating his opinion." Some Wholesome Suggestions to Ministers. THE drift of the age is in the direction of " morality " by civil law, and this too often to the exclusion, or at least to the neglect of moral suasion. Instead of seek-ing to instruct people in moral duties, and thus lead them to practice morality from conscientious ,motives, even ministers are too often found appealing to the civil law to coerce men. This is a grave mistake, for while men may, and should be required under civil penalties to lead civil lives, it is neither proper nor possible to make them moral except by persuasion. This was the method adopted by Christ and his apostles, and it is the one which should be followed by his ministers. Directly in the line of that which we have said is the fol-lowing from the Iowa State Register, of November 24, 1889, which contains some wholesome suggestions not only for minis-ters but to all who, though meaning well, are committing the grave error of attempt-ing to reform men by making it impossible, or at least difficult, for them to do wrong.  The Register's article relates particularly to the temperance questitm, but the prin-ciple is the same as applied to other ques-tions, and it is for this reason that we present it to our readers. The Register says: Š " We want to say to the preachers of Iowa at this crisis in public affairs, that in our judgment they are depending too much upon the law, and too little upon moral effort to bring about the condition of things we all desire. We have read with interest their letters and the resolu-tions they have adopted. We sympathize with them in their, desire to banish the sa-loon and suppress the evils of intemper-ance. But we want to remind them that it takes more than a State statute to keep men from drinking, and to reform those who are slaves to the drink habit. The law is good so far as it goes, birt when a human appetite and passion is the subject, it does n't go the whole distance. There is something for the churches, something for the preachers, something for every good man and woman who wants to make the world better, to db. We notice in some of the resolutions which have been adopted at preachers' meetings within the last few days, a disposition to look still more to the legislature to suppress or or stamp out whatever drinking and vio-lation of the prohibitory law still remain. " We believe that is a mistake. The law has done, and is doing all that the law can, to close the saloons, and to keep men from drinking. Can the preachers truthfully say that they have done and are doing all that they can ? We wouldn't accuse them of willfully neglecting their duty. But have they as ministers done the best and the most they could to keep men sober, to reclaim the drunkard, to save the boys from learning to love liquor, since the prohibitory law went into effect ? " We have been watching the operation of the prohibitory law ever since it was enacted. We have been watching also the general course of the professed tem-perance workers toward it. We will credit the ministers with helping to enforce the law. They have preached enforcement from the pulpit. They have talked it on the streets, most of them have voted it at the polls. But when we have said that, haven't we said it all ? Haven't we summed up the aggregate work of the clergy, and to quite an extent of the temperance organizations of the State ? Our good friends, the preachers, have looked to the law to make and keep men sober, and have expected that would do the work which to a greater or less extent must be done in every community by personal effort. " If the closing of the saloons had stopped drinking, we should have nothing more to say. But every well-informed man knows that it has not. It is true,  there is not as much, drinking as there was when the saloons were open; but there is far too much now. It is idle to deny that a great many boys are learning to drink; that a great ,many men are drink-ing who would be far better off, and their fainilies be far happier, if they would let liquor entirely alone. These are facts and stubborn ones, too. It will not do to ig-nore them; for they have a very disa-greeable and painful way of forcing at-tention to themselves. Now what is being done to teach these boys to leave liquor alone ? What is being done to show these men the folly and the harm of their course ? What is being done to stir up public sentiment against the use of liq-uor ? Not one single thing so far as we know except the single exhortation to en-force the law and keep the saloons closed. " When was there a temperance meet-ing held in Des Moines to plead with men to sign the pledge and leave their drink-ing ways ? When have our honored clergy held gospel temperance meetings to bring all the power of Christian influences to bear upon the drinking habit ? When did a blue ribbon club or any other organiza-tion start out its members to find the old soaks and induce them to sign the pledge and become men again ? Was any such personal work done in the last year, or the year before that ? All of these good people headed by the ministers have been relying upon the law to do the work which the law never can do. They have preached sermons and held public meetings to de-mand that the law be enforced, but all this time there were poor fellows sinking lower and lower, and there were young men fastening the chains of appetite about their necks, and hardly a word of public protest or private entreaty has been heard. " We do not single out Des Moines as exceptional in this respect. We do not believe its honored ministers are any more deserving of reproach or criticism than the ministers of other cities. We mention Des Moines because it is the nearest exam-ple of what we have in mind, and because it has more effectually perhaps than any other large city in Iowa, closed the open saloon. In calling attention to this neg-lect of moral effort, we are not asking for the return of the saloons, or pronounc-ing prohibition a failure. But we want to say that there is too much tendency to let the law supplant the rightful work of the pulpit and the church. Our friends, the, preachers, in some of the resolutions that have been adopted recently, demand that the Legislature shall pass additional laws to enforce prohibition in counties where it is not now enforced. . . . But if the brethren will permit the Register to say it, there would be a good deal of work for the preachers in the river counties, even if the next Legislature should devise some scheme for closing the saloons. The saloons there are open because a majority of, the people in those 