146 A\MIEENICA,INT Von. 9, No. 19. element in the nation to come before Con-gress in the same way, and secure con-sideration of their demands by the same means ? In 1892, Congress thus sowed to the wind, and neither the men who led in that transaction, nor anybody else, should be surprised if in 1894 they should be called upon to reap the whirlwind. And that which is now in sight, perplexing and dangerous as it is, is but a summer's breeze as compared with the destructive storm that is surely and speedily to come. And all in this same line of things, too. The men who, in 1892, established the evil precedent of "legislation by clamor and threats," will have ample opportunity yet to see their pernicious example followed to the nation's undoing. They were told of these things before, but they would not hear. These things will tell of themselves henceforth, and those men will hear. A. T. J. Catholicism, 1776-1876. Six columns in the Catholic Times of April 21, 1894, are devoted to a discourse by the Very Rev. D. I. McDermott in at-tempting to prove the assertion that the papacy is not inimical to the prosperity of this country. A contrast between some of the statements made in the course of his remarks, and the records of history, form a striking picture which cannot fail of impressing upon many the gravity of the impending crisis that threatens America and American institutions from papal ag- gression. After referring to the attachment which the Catholics feel for the land of their birth and the ties of kindred, and saying that they have no regrets for having come to this land of liberty and entertain no desire to return to their native land, he says :Š Unlike the Jews of old, Catholics have no motive for dissatisfaction or disloyalty. They desire no change in our form of Government, for they know that the solution of all the questions which perplex statesmen and excite bigots will be found in the right-eous application of the fundamental principles of the Republic, freedom of conscience and civil equality. This Government not only satisfies Catholics, excites their admiration because preeminently just, but also fills them with reverence because they look upon it as the work of God. What the papacy claims to be the fun-damental principles of this Republic, and what the founders of it in fact intended, are two entirely different things. It is a matter well known to every one who has watched the course of events that this growing feeling of satisfaction with which Rome looks upon the progress of affairs in this country has not always existed and has arisen solely from the fact that, in every possible way, the interests of Rome are being fostered and strengthened. A few years ago expressions of this kind were unknown, but, as a prominent Cath-olic journal recently said in speaking of the petition which the Methodists have forwarded to the pope, " times have changed," and it is only the liberalizing policy of professed Protestants, who have adapted themselves to the aims of the papacy, and are working harmoniously and unitedly with her, in her efforts at self-aggrandizement, that has caused this change in sentiment on the part of Rome. Again he says :Š As the outcome of the American Revolution, reli-gious toleration is not to be credited to the design of the men of 1776 so much as to an overruling provi-dence of God, which had made it morally impossible to form any general government for the thirteen colo-nies; except on a basis of religious liberty. It is for the Catholic Church to put  forward the claim that the heroes of the Revolution did not know for what they were contending, and, if the assumption of the Rev. Mr. McDermott is to be fol-lowed out, it was left for Rome, as the instrument in the hands of an overruling providence, to indoctrinate the principles of religious liberty in the fundamental principles of this Government. While it is true that an overruling providence was manifested in the affairs of this, as of all other nations, and all honor should be ascribed to France for the important part she took in the great struggle for Ameri-can independence, it is not true, as stated by the Rev. Mr. McDermott, that "the men of 1776, notwithstanding their bravery and many sound principles, owed their success, under God, to Catholic France." An extract from " Bancroft's History of the United States " forms an interesting and instructive commentary on the above quotation, and illustrates the relation of the papacy to the original thirteen colo-nies, and how she was regarded by the framers of the Declaration of Indepen-dence. On page 40, Volume 4, he says :Š The thirteen colonies were all Protestant. The members of Congress said, in their address to the people of Great Britian, " The Roman Catholic reli-gion dispenses impiety, bigotry, persecution, murder, and rebellion throughout every part of the world." Again, in Volume 5, page 474, " History of the United States," Bancroft says:Š The Irish Parliament, at the time of the Revolution, composed of nearly all papists, "heard of the rebellion with abhorrence," and donated 4,000 men to put it down. The Massachusetts Gazette, Sept. 21, 1775, contained the following :Š A brigade of Irish Roman Catholics is forming in Munster and Connaught to be sent to Boston to act against the rebels. Until the records of history shall have been obliterated or the facts utterly sup-pressed, it is well to turn the search light of truth upon some of the arrogant claims made by Catholic prelates. Continuing, the Rev. Mr. McDermott says :Š The participation of the French in the struggle for independence made religious liberty under the general Government a necessity. It were as if the colonists themselves, unable to build the ship of State, had found it necessary to allow Catholics to aid in its com-pletion. History again records the fact that of the signers of the Declaration of Inde-pendence, fifty-five were Protestants, and but one was a Roman Catholic. It cer-tainly is an edifying spectacle to offer to intelligent people,Šwith the expectation that they will believe it to be true,Ša statement that out of fifty-six individuals who signed the Declaration of Indepen-dence, but one could be found, and he a member of the Roman Catholic Church, who had the wisdom to safely launch the ship of State. " Before launching the vessel," contin-ued Mr. McDermott, " they agreed that she should carry men of every faith, that the captain and crew should keep on their earthly course, and while consulting the safety and comfort of the passengers, leave them free each to steer his course heavenward." With the usual facility of perversion, for which Rome is characterized, while posing as the founder and champion of .religious liberty and freedom of conscience, she is in reality laying the foundation for a despotic tyranny, not only over the spir-itual, but the temporal affairs of this nation. The following statement, taken from a recent issue of the Missionary Re-view, giving a copy of a handbill exten- sively circulated in Leon, Nicaragua, is right to the point, and shows what we may expect to see in this country if her work is not interrupted :Š ATTENTION! CATHOLICS! The wolf of Protestantism has found its way into the Catholic flock ! A minister of the sect of Luther and Voltaire is in Leon, accompanied by various mer-cenaries, who are busy selling in the streets Protestant Bibles and a false book of the Gospels. Do not buy these books, Christians! Scorn these propagandists of a sect divorced from the Catholic Church of Jesus Christ, divorced from the truth, and which is resolved on depriving us of the most precious legacy received from our forefathers! Do not allow your religion to be harmed by these knight errants of evil? Let us hurl them away! No law authorizes their coming here to dechristianize us. Liberty of worship does not exist here, and these peddlers of adulterated Bibles and Gospels are of a foreign flock. Nicaragua belongs to God ; Protestantism to the devil. Away with them! Rome never changes ! Sunday Law Enforcement in Australia. MATTERS in this country have not un-dergone any very great change during the last month. Times are just about as hard financially, and the prospects of the poor are a little dark, considering that winter will soon set in, when the chances for pro-curing work rather diminish. Much has been said and written of late concerning the way out of the present depression. The Sunday law people, however, are as persistent in their cause as though nothing else was weighing on the public mind. Like the Jews of old, they are full of zeal which smacks much of fanaticism. They have their committees at work hunting up cases which may serve to keep their cause before the public until general sen-timent will sustain their much-vaunted piety. Only a day or two ago one of their number was on his Sunday rounds looking after refractory individuals,. and not hap-pening to light upon any suitable case among Europeans, he went to the Chinese quarters, where he espied one Ah Quie doing something with a carpenter's plane. The next day the celestial was brought up and charged, under an act of Charles II., with "exercising the worldly work of his ordinary calling (cabinet-making) on part of the Lord's day commonly called Sun- day." It was established that the celestial was not a cabinet-maker, but a French pol-isher, and was, therefore, not working at his trade, but simply planing down the sides of a small mirror preparatory to shaving himself. It was, moreover, main-tained by the defense that any man had a right to work on Sunday to make an arti-cle for his own use. But the keenest bit of argument made was that it is impos-sible to compel an alien unbeliever to observe the Lord's day, on the ground that its real observance required belief in it. The case was accordingly dismissed, and the prosecutors failed to win their much-coveted glory. The activity in this line does not pass unnoticed by the secular press. The Age, in an editorial on this point, said:Š The man who wishes to spend Sunday in the fresh air is not necessarily such a criminal as the Sabba-tarian would have us believe; nor will he be goaded into attending divine worship by being absolutely debarred from all rational relaxation and enjoyment on the first day of the week. If regularity at church entailed of necessity a high moral code, it would, plainly be desirable to drive every citizen to the church door at the point of the bayonetŠthat is, supposing, he declined to go of his own accord ; but, alas! the Jabez Spencer Balfours, the George Nicholson Taylors [noted criminals], and the rest of them are so often distinguished by all the outward manifestations of E. E. PARLIN. 