AMERICAN SENTINEL. 5 supreme power and authority as the sovereign represen-tative of the people, except in so far as limited by consti-tutional inhibition. The constitution of Maryland con-tains just such a constitutional limitation upon the power of the legislature to enact laws of a religious char-acter under the guise and pretext of the exercise of gen-eral police powers, having for its sole and only purpose and object the enforced observance of the first day of the week as a religious practice and duty. The thirty-sixth section of the Declaration of Rights of the Constitution of Maryland provides: "That, as it is the duty of every man to worship God in such manner as he thinks most acceptable to Him, all persons are equally entitled to protection in their religious liberty; wherefore, no person ought by any law to be molested in his p rson or estate on account of his religious persuasion or profession, or for his religious practice, unless, under the color of reli-gion, he shall disturb the good order, peace or safety of the State, or shall infringe thelaws of morality, or injure others in their natural, civil or religious rights." And while it is not now contended that this provision restricts the authority of the legislature in the exercise of general police powers to enact laws providing stated periods of enforced rest from common labor or the ordinary busi-ness affairs of life, it is most strenuously and earnestly insisted that it is intended to be understood as provid-ing whenever such enforced rest or idleness does violence to the religious conscience of a citizen, and interferes with the free exercise of his religious faith and profession in the way of some practice, worship, or otherwise, such laws, to that extent, are inoperative:and void, whether the legislature saw fit in accordance with the spirit of the constitution to incorporate in it such exceptions or not. This provision of the constitution of Maryland was expressly designed to prevent this much-abused power, with its limits undefined and uncertain, from being pros-tituted to the purpose of religious persecution. The fundamental error of all the adjudicated cases upholding Sunday-observance legislation, is the failure of the courts to appreciate the full force and meaning of this constitu-tional exception, carved out of the general police powers of the legislature, which power is alone invoked when such laws are enacted. To the Sabbath-keeper the divine command, "Six days shalt thou labor," is mandatory, and of as much binding force on his conscience as the divine command, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy;" to observe both strictly is a religious practice, and an exercise of his religious faith and worship, and it would be just as consistent to say he could be compelled by command of the civil law to labor on the Sabbath in opposition to his religious convictions, as to contend he must refrain from labor on Sunday. Would it not be an exercise of authority along ex-actly the same lines, if a law were enacted requiring the Sunday-keeper to do common labor or ordinary business  on Sunday against his religious convictions? Will it be contended for one moment that such a law would be constitutional? Where is the distinction between the two classes of cases? in the one you require a person to,  do something against his religious conscience, and in the other you require him to refrain from doing something equally against his religious conscience. Here is clearly a distinction without a difference. Nor does the consti-tution leave it either to the legislature or the courts to define or determine what particular acts or class of acts shall constitute religious practices or acts of worship,_ but itself defines the scope and limit beyond which it must not go. Whether this limit in any given case has been exceeded and the right of the State or any particu-lar individual or class of individuals has been invaded is a question solely for judicial determination, controlled by certain fundamental principles hereafter to be alluded to. It follows, then, that to bring the act of an individ-ual or class of individuals, performed in the exercise of a religious practice or rite, within the penalties of the law in question, it must be charged and shown that the do-. ing of the act disturbed the public good, peace, or safety of the State, or infringed the laws of morality, or injured the natural, civil or religious rights of another, or as contained in the act itself, was not a work of charity or necessity, none of which was shown or attempted to be,  shown in the case at bar. (Concluded in next issue.) Progress of Religious intolerance in the United. States. THERE are many people in this country who do not know that the last twenty years of this nineteenth cen tury have witnessed the rise and spread of religious in-tolerance in the United States. We wish all such might have their attention called to the following statistics on this subject, which a reader of the SENTINEL has pre-par ed:- 1881.ŠSpasmodic attempts in various parts of Califor-nia to enforce the law passed in 1861. 1882.ŠPeople aroused, and repeal of the California Sun- day law made a political issue in State election. Repeal carried by a majority of about 17,000. 1883.ŠCalifornia Sun day law repealed. 1885.ŠExemption clause of Arkansas Sunday law re-pealed. 1887.2ŠExemption clause of Arkansas Sunday law re-enacted, after twenty-one cases had been tried, which demonstrated to the people the intoler- ' ant nature of the prosecutions made possible under the law. 1888.ŠBlair Sunday Rest Bill introduced in United States Senate. Blair Educational Amendment to the Constitution, providing for teaching the Christian religion in public schools, introduced in United States Senate. 