794 THE SENTINEL. OF LIBERTY.,  position and power in the church." On September 17, 1882, lie recommended the cult of St. Francis of Assisi, and on May 3o, 1883, he constituted the third order of Franciscans. He himself wished to be known as the protector. of Franciscans, but the Jesuits have been specially favored by him. He was atŁfirst their pet disciple, and then became their willing servant. In his brief of July 13, 1886, the Pope pronounced a eulogy on the Jesuits— whom he declared to be worthy of great honor in the Catholic Church, and he abrogated the brief of his predeces-sor, Clement XIV., giving back to the Jesuits all the privileges and immunities which they once enjoyed..  On October 12, 1892, Leo XIII. addressed a letter to the new general of the Jesuits, in which he greatly praised the order, and on July 3o, 1895, he gave into the care of the order the direction of all the colleges and schools in Egypt. It is a contradiction of terms to speak of Leo XIII. as liberal .and the friend of free institu-tions, whether they be ecclesiastical or civil, when by his every act he has proved himself to be the friend of the Jesuits. By restoring them to power he struck a dagger into the heart of liberty. This in-stitution, born in Spin, soon spread over all nations, but because of its political intrigues, its immoral teachings, and its crimes, Clement XIV. was obliged to abolish the order. But a secret society of that kind, proportions, and-power could not be destroyed by a papal decree, and hence the Jesuits, casting off for a time their distinctive garb, remained the same in heart and intent. They lived for a time in the dark until they got rid of the Pope who had decreed their death, and then came forth more heinous than before. After the death of Clement XIV. the Jesuits returned to enjoy many of their rights and privi-leges. They became the confessors and counselors at courts and the favored educators of the aristoc-racy of the nations of Europe, but it was reserved to Leo XIII. to recognize them officially and place them in power. Now the Pope remains prisoner, and the Jesuits are directing affairs as they please. The Jesuits hate our Constitution and our free institutions, and secretly seek to undermine the Re-public. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Let me conclude by quoting another line from the Pope's authorized biographer: "Leo XIII. has absolutely continued the work of Pius IX. and faith-fully sustained his principles since he is verily his successor." News, Notes . . . and Comment A ROMAN CATHOLIC paper says that " those ' prominent' Cubans who have put themselves on record as not approving of Mgr. Sbarretti, as Bishop of Havana, belong to a class which is constitutionally averse to all bishops, priests, and to religion itself." This may be true, but it is well to remember that it has long been the habit of Rome to brand as " infidels " all those who oppose "the church." 0t COMPTROLLER COLER of New York very truly says: "All of our bad citizens are not among the uneducated classes; in fact, the most dangerous person in the community is the highly educated man of great ability who uses his talents not for the good of the community as a whole, but to advance the private interests of himself and those he repre-sents at the cost of the public rights of the people.".  This is right in line with the conclusion reached by Dr. Wines and President Gates in their, papers on " Dangerous Classes in a Republic," read before the New York State Conference of Religion. IN connection with a Methodist `revival effort at Titusville, Pa., a move is being made to close all business 'places in that city on Sunday. It is' de-clared to be the intention of the leaders in this move to enforce the Sunday law upon all claSses of Sunday desecrators. This is taken to mean trouble'  for: some people .living there who observe the seventh day, as the Sunday law of Pennsylvania makes no exception in such cases It strikes us that the arresting and locking up Of people in jail is a curious proceeding to accompany a revival of Christianity. In all Christian revivals that we know of there has never been manifest anv such thing as this. There has been no 'spi'rit demand such a thing. On the contrary, the spirit that took possession of the people . at such times has been one of geritleness and 'love, ds was the spirit manifested by Him from -whom Christianity takes its name. The effort'was not,to east :Merl igto, physical bondage, but to set them free from spiritual 