AMV,ItICAN A1M-NTIN1Et..; VOL. 9, X0. 11. not prohibit or interfere with the worship of God on any day other than Sunday, nor do they compel any one to worship him on Sunday. It is undoubtedly true that rest from secular employment on Sunday does have a tendency to foster and encourage the Christian religions of all sects and denom-inations that observe that day, as rest from work and ordinary occupation en-ables many to engage in public worship who probably would not otherwise do so. But it would scarcely be asked of a court in what professes to be a Christian land to declare a law unconstitutional because it requires rest from bodily labor on Sun-day (except works of necessity and char-ity), and thereby promotes the cause of Christianity. If the Christian religion is, incidentally or otherwise, benefited or fostered by having this day of rest, as it undoubtedly is, there is all the more reason for the enforcement of laws that help to preserve it. Whilst courts have generally sustained Sunday laws as "civil regulation," their decisions will have no less weight if they are shown to be in accordance with divine law as well as human. Ł There are many most excellent citizens of this State who worship God on a day other than Sunday, and our Constitution guarantees to them the right to do so, a right which no one can interfere with. The legislature of this State has not undertaken to prohibit work on the day observed by them, and hence they do not have in their religious work the advantage of having their Sabbath made a " day of rest" by human law, but the legislature has not in any, way interfered with their religious liberty, or with their worship of God in such manner as they think most acceptable to him, as they have a right to do under the above provision in the Dec-laration of Rights. If, then, the question was properly before us, we would decide that Section 247 of Article 27 of the Code was not in violation of the Constitution of the United States or of the constitution of this State, but as stated above, must quash the writ of error for the reasons given. Writ of error quashed with costs.ŠDaily Record, Baltimore, Md. Be Admonished. LET no one deceive himself with the idea that we have outlived the time when men need to trouble themselves about the relation of the State to the Church; that ine]i are no more to be called upon to suf-fer for conscience' sake. It is true that some centuries now intervene between us and the time when the Church of Rome allied to the power or the empire, sat su-preme, drunken with the blood of mar-tyrs, "and death and hell followed" the footsteps of its career. But let us not for-get that human nature is in itself incapa-ble of improvement, and that it is moved upon by the same malign spirit that has ever dogged the pathway of God's cause, to cast down and destroy his people and his truth. And t ven in our day these evil promptings are finding avenues for the exhibition of their real character, and they are seen to be the same that they were in the Dark Ages. Satan does not fully control human affairs, thank God, but he loses no chance to put in his mali-cious work to destroy the truth. In no way has he ever found a more satisfactory method of working his dreadful designs  than when he could, by placing the civil power in the hands of one set of religion-ists, incite them to persecute, to slay their fellow-menŠtheir fellow-servants evenŠthose whom they ought to have loved with the same love with which Christ loved all men. And if Satan in these days could induce men to follow the same dia-bolical work, he would be no less pleased than he was in the days now gone by. Does some one say that this cannot be ? Let such beware, let them be admonished to look closely at the influences that are now molding society and moving the world. Let them watch carefully the trend of political and ecclesiastical events; let them take notice of the prestige that the Church is gaining in the political world, and the readiness with which states-men listen to her counsels and heed her directions. It will not be difficult in all these things to see premonitions of coming danger. A vivid sense of this danger is our only safeguard. The situation need not be viewed with the eyes of an alarm-ist; it is a subject that requires sober thought and not hasty conclusions. It de-mands deliberate study, a close discern-ment, a fine discrimination between the true and the false, between logic and sophistry, between the genuine and the specious, for this question is not settled yet ; and it never will be settled till it is settled right, and it never will be settled right till He comes whose right it is to reign, and the government is administered by Him who reigns in righteousness. G. C. TENNEY. Ł Ł Ł Sunday _Laws. THERE seems to be an idea in the minds of the people, or at least, some of the people, that enforcement of Sunday laws is not persecution any more than is the en-forcement of the law against theft. The enforcement of the Sunday law carries with it the idea of a religious creed. All Sunday laws are the offspring of the union of Church and State; and wherever there has been a union of Church and State, there has been persecution more or less. Under such unions persons have been robbed of life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. And the more exten-sive and complete the union, the greater will be the loss of life, and liberty, and the greater will be the unjust restriction of the pursuit of happiness. The law against Sunday work is based on the fourth commandment, and carries with it the idea that Sunday is the Sab-bath of the Lord. The Lord, in speaking of the Sabbath, says, " In it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates." Here is a positive prohibition against workŠagainst honest labor. And the reason assigned for this inhibition is, " For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." The reason why Sunday law advocates have enacted laws prohibiting work on Sunday, and are laboring with all their might and main to enact more stringent ones, is because the fourth commandment says: " The Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." It is impossible to exclude the idea of religion from a Sunday law. Sunday laws are the offspring of religion. Religion connects the idea of sacredness  to the day, and the Sunday law connects the same idea with it. Religion does not forbid work on Sunday because the work in itself is wrong, but because the day is too sacred to devote to such a use: because the Lord has said thou shalt not work. The Sunday law does not forbid work on Sunday because the work in itself is wrong, or because it is a nuisance, or un-civil, or because it is a violation of any man's natural rights, civil or religious; but because of the idea of the sacredness of Sunday. The Sunday law regards the day as too sacred to be devoted to secular pursuits. From this we may fairly con-clude that when a man is fined for Sunday work it is not for the work in itself, for that is done on every other day in the week; therefore it must be on account of the sacredness of the day on which it is done. All religious denominations claim, and pretend to keep, some sacred day as a holy da,y. However, they do not all claim and pretend to keep the same day as a holy day. In this country the great majority claim, and pretend to keep, the.first day of the week as a holy day. Now, if there never had been a person in all the past, down to the present, that ever challenged or doubted the sacredness of Sunday, and had all refrained from work, of a secular character, on that day, then there would not be a Sunday law on the statute books of any State on the face of the earth. From some cause somebody challenges or doubts Sunday as being the Sabbath of the fourth commandment, and, conse-quently, have seen fit, in their judgment, to regard some other day as a holy day. Right here we find the foundation for Sunday law. It is because somebody else believes that some other day is the Sab-bath, or that somebody else does not be-lieve that one day is more sacred than another, that we have Sunday laws in our country. It is just because of difference of opinion that Sunday laws have been enacted; and that difference of opinion is a religious difference. The Sunday law advocates do not concede that their fellow-citizens, who differ with them, have the right to believe or practice what they believe. To afflict, harass, or destroy, for adherence to a particular creed, or system of religious principles, or to a mode of worship, is persecution. To fine a man for Sunday work is just the same thing as to fine him for his belief or faith, for there is no other way for a man to show his faith but by his works. A man that believes Sunday is the Sabbath day, if consistent, will keep it as such. The only way he can show his respect for Sunday is by not doing on that day what he does on all other days of the week; and cer-tainly this is a right none can justly be deprived of by human opinion or enact-ment. Just so with the man who believes that Saturday is the Sabbath. He has no other way to show his faith but by his works. And the only way he has to show his respect for Saturday as a Sabbath day is by not doing on that day what he does on all other days of the week. And certainly, this is a right none can be justly deprived of by human opinion or enact-ment. If any man be fined, imprisoned, harassed, or afflicted, because he worked on Sunday, it is, most certainly, religious persecution for conscience' sake: just, forsooth, because he differs from the ma-jority; and further, if a man believes one day is just as sacred as another, the only way he has to show his faith is by his 