4 THE AiviERIcAN Christ they are delivered up to Satan, and so neither their wits nor their tongues are their own, I could not easily have believed that Mr. Williams would so confidently and openly have avouched such a notorious slander. Since the Lord taught me to know anything, what conscience or the worship of God meant, it hath been my constant judgment, and doctrine, and practice to the contrary. Besides to teach the killing of the bodies of all such con-sciences and ways of worship as are not mine own (italics his) is to make mine own conscience and way of worship the infallible rule and sovereign standard by which all consciences and ways of worship, throughout the world were to be regulated, yea, and as if this were a light measure of arrogancy and usurpation, I make it a capital crime (a body-killing offense) for any man to swerve from my conscience and ways of worship. This is good sound truth, even if it comes from the pen of John Cotton, but he immediately contradicts it all, and makes himself, or some one else as human or as weak as he, the infallible judge of other peoples' consciences by saying :Š But I durst appeal even to the conscience of Mr. Williams himself (if it were now in the gracious keeping of Christ, or of himself as in former times) that himself knoweth, I doe not thinke it lawful to excommunicate an heretick, much less to persecute him with the civill sword till it may appear, even by just and full conviction, that he sinneth not out of conscience, but against the very light of his own conscience. From all this the conclusion stated at the beginning is evident. There can be no liberty of conscience unless it includes as much liberty to do wrong as to do right. These quotations are from the reply of John Cotton to Roger Williams. G. E. FIFIELD. Quite Significant and Very Appropriate. Ix the Christiag Statesman of May 14, is given a copy of a petition that was to be presented to the representatives of a polit- ical party in convention assembled, which reads as follows :Š As American citizens we respectfully ask you to place in your platform a clear full recognition of these two great truths, namely: that our Lord Jesus Christ is the sovereign Ruler of our Nation, and that the moral law is the rule of all our con-duct in civil and political affairs. We do not ask this as a mere sentiment, or as a religious creed, but as the greatest of political princi-ples. As the natural application of these principles to present issues in our national life, we ask you to declare also for 1. The American Sabbath. 2. A uniform Christian marriage law. 3. The right of the Bible in the public schools, and to declare against 4. The American saloon. We ask you to make your nominations and con- duct the election in harmony with these great truths. In His name. It is stated in the comment accompany-ing the petition that " There should have been in the above petition after religious creed,' this additional statement, ' nor as seeking a union of Church and State, which we abhor." When I had finished reading the above, my eye fell on the following words at the foot of the column : " The devil never  asks anybody to go farther than the next corner to begin with." To me this state-ment was quite significant, and very ap-propriate, in connection with such a peti-tion. The petition asks that the State remove the one great corner-stone upon which de-pends the whole structure that separates between the Church and the State, by de-manding religious legislation, and then fearing lest some cool, practical ob-server, seeing them thus endeavoring to undermine this God-given barrier that divides them, should think that they were trying to unite the two, they cry Out al-most indignantly " we abhor a union of Church and State." The zealous demand for Sunday laws, that the laboring man may have opportu-nity to attend Church, is the same old trick which Satan played when, during the early centuries, he was working for a union of Church and State. He never asked them then " to go farther than the next corner to begin with." Just to make Sunday laws to stop the theatres, and public shows and games on that day, so that the laboring men could attend to things divine. Is it not the same to-day with the so-called National Reform movement? R. C. PORTER. Sunday Papers and Campaign Speeches. THE Atlanta Constitution is authority for the following statement from Mr. Small :Š In a recent speech before the Sabbath Associa-tion, in Philadelphia, Rev. Sam Small, alluding to the agencies against the Sabbath, reckoned the press among the first. He thanked God he was out of that. Following the usual line of argument, he doubtless was led to make the above statement, because the press is quite gen- erally in favor of the Sunday paper. And the Sunday paper gives the advocates of Sunday laws a great deal of trouble. This opposition from the press to the strict observance of Sunday, together with the example of so many editors who pub-lish their papers on Sunday, is strongly denounced by Mr. Small. Ł But how about his own example upon that point? The same paper makes the following mention of a campaign meeting held the Sunday previous to the date of its issue:Š The anti-barroom movement gave a special Sun-day matinee at the Edgewood Avenue theatre yes-terday afternoon. Rev. Sam Small and Rev. R. E. Hart were the star performers. They had a good house, and never played to bet-ter advantage. It was Sunday, but that went for nothing. Two more ardent campaign speeches were never made. A well filled house faced the speakers, and cheered them frequently and loudly. It was a pretty scene, that which rested on the back of the stage. Painted in all the glowing colors of forest, field and sun and sky, with all the cunning of an artist's hand, it suggested strongly a stage drama. Then the footlights flared upon the  scene and theatre goers involuntarily looked for the orchestra. Hart spoke first and delivered himself of a short speech. He was followed by Rev. Sam Small, who spoke on the usual line. It was Sunday, a holy calm reigned on the thoroughfares without, men, women, and children had forsaken the every-day duties to observe the day, and some reference to God and Christ and the holy Sabbath day was expected, but it was a cam-paign speech. Humorous references were made to the candidates on the citizens' ticket and funny mention made of the leaders of the citizens' move-ment. Now it is a fact that can not be denied that newspapers devote a large share of their space to the discussion of politics, and during campaign times they do but little else than discuss the political issues of the day. And when they carry this discussion over into a Sunday issue, is it in any sense different from Mr. Small's political speech on Sunday ? Men who do not stand on sound principles are sure to make their inconsistencies manifest. A. 0. TAIT. Should Sabbath Observance be Enforced by Law? [Conclusion of th6 negative argument, delivered at the an-nual contest of the Philomath and Adeiphia Literary Societies of Westminster College, New Wilmington, Pennsylvhnia, June 24, 1891. by A. L. Russell (Philo.), Bulger, Pa.] SABBATH desecration is the effect of a wayward heart. Christianity says : " The grace of God will cleanse your heart; come to the Fount of love." Advocates of civil enforcement say : " Make men bow. As hypocrites or worshipers, let them bow or suffer." History tells that men can not be bound or racked into, nor out of, Christianity. Ł Much less can they be fined or imprisoned into it. The mo-tive power of Christianity is love, and where force begins love ends. The only strength Christianity ever had, or ever can have, is the strength of Jesus Christ, and that is never made manifest politic-ally. To enforce Sabbath observance where the heart rebels is to offer to God the essence of hypocrisy. The most scathing denunciation that ever fell from the lips of Christ was his condemnation of this contemptible sin. Two great evils must follow such an attempt :Š First, The world will not believe there is such a thing as the power of the Holy Spirit, since the Church fails to use or. value it. Second, Both world and Church will be plunged more deeply into sin ; because, for help against an evil, the Church ap-peals to the very source of that evil. The world can not purify the world, nor a worldly Church become sanctified by the aid of the world. Therefore, "let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus ;" and go with the Bible instead of the civil mace in your handŠthat Bible which says, " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord 