788 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORE, DECEMBER 15, 1898. PUBLIC school statistics in Ger-many show that 407 school children, all under 15 years of age, committed suicide between the years 1887 and 1896. A Berlin paper calls attention to this record with the remark that it is to "be regarded as one of the saddest and most startling of the phenomena of modern life." AND now it is a boxing class which is put forward by the enterprising and up-to'-date clergyman as one of the aids to the development of Chris-tian character! The Rev. Mr. Stod-dard, of St. John's Episcopal Church, Jersey CityŠsays the New York WorldŠhas announced that such a ,class will be conducted at his church hereafter on Friday evenings. This startling innovation is justified, it is said, upon the theory that boxing develops manliness, manliness good-ness, and goodness faith. This plan of Christian development, needless to say, has been overlooked in the Scripture. Now that the Government has ac-quired possession of the Philippines, the next question will be that of safely, holding them against the grasp of the land-hungry nations of Eu-rope. To do this will require a tre-mendous increase in the military forces of the nation. A large stand-ing army and a formidable navyŠformidable from the standpoint of a great military power, is the price of the possession of colonies. And this means a tremendous impetus to the development of militarism in this country. Already Secretary of the Navy Long has asked for fifteen new warships, to cost from $35,000,000 to 0,000,000, mainly for the pro- tection of the new American posses-sions in the Eastern Hemisphere. TELE Mormon Church is in politics again, or rather, never went out of politics, and the issue of polygamy is again to the front in Utah. If the Mormon Church had gone out of pol-ities, the sovereign State of Utah would not now be under Mormon control; but the Mormon Church did not go out of politics. Having the example of the popular churches in the United States before her, and remembering the arguments made by representatives of those churches, to the effect that Christians above all others ought to take an active part in politics, she felt that it was her duty to remain in politics; not however, that the church as such assumed any part in politicsŠnot at all; but each member of the church as a professed believer in the Christian religion and therefore in duty bound to participate in con-ducting the affairs of state, made himself active in politics; and some-how, the politics of the State took on an essentially Mormon aspect! If this appears to any one like the Mormon Church being in politics, let him remember that it is the duty of Christians, as suchŠa duty especially impressed upon Catholic Christians by the pope, and upon Methodist, Presbyterian, Episcopal, Baptist, and other Christians by clergymen of their respective denominations, to see that the state is modeled upon Christian principles; and it was with this plain duty before them that the Mormon Christians of Utah went to the polls to cast their votes. That persons were elected to office (the Mormons being largely in the major-ity) who believed in and practiced the doctrines of the Mormon religion, and even that a congressman should have been chosen whose existing household includes three wives, is only what was naturally to be ex-pected. Will not a Catholic natu-rally vote for a Catholic, a Method-ist for a Methodist, or other Chris-tian voter for one of his own denom-ination, as being the candidate who will administer his office most nearly in harmony with the principles of the true religion? How then can it be expected that Mormon voters will do anything else? The Mormon Church has the same right to go into politics that any  other church has; and she is justified in doing so by the same logic. But by the principle that Christians should keep out of politics, as being citizens of a government which isnot of force but of love, the Mormon Church would be debarred frota polVŁ tics in Utah, and a Mormon State would not to-day be a thorn in the side of the American Federal Union. And every other church professiiag to be Christian would be debarred from politics in every other state; and the dark cloud of impending calamity in the form of church and-state despot-ism, would not to-day be hanging over the American people. That principle, and that alone, stands to-day between this nation and people, and the worst form of despotism that has ever cursed man-kind. A Reduction in Price. "Sentinel" Subscribers the Beneficiaries. FOR 16 days only.  To any subscriber of the Sentinel. sending us an order for our Premium Bible, accompanied with a Postal Money Order or Express Money Order or Bank Draft on New York City, dated in 1898, we will send as follows:Š The Bible alone. postpaid, $2.25  The Bible, and Sentinel one year, 3.00 This applies to renewals and new subscriptions alike. The Bible may be sent to one ad-dress, the Sentinel to another. Any name put on the Bible in gold letters for 25 cents extra.,  We have the Bible with all the Teachers' Helps, or with the Con-cordance alone, or with the Maps only. In the last two styles it is thinner, and therefore handier and more easily carried. Note carefully, this offer ends with you December 31, 1898.  PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. 