AMERICAN SENTINEL. 297 put on good manners, out of deference to the law of the State; they put them on out of deference to the laws of so-ciety, for the reason that they want to "get along" in the world. They do right for fear of legal and of social penalties. They obey the civil law, and the laws or cus-toms of polite intercourse for what there is in it. Such persons are good citizens, and law-abiding, but such are not moral. Ł THERE has never yet been a State or country whose laws, sometime or other, have not forbidden what was right, and commanded what was wrong. The history of Mr. Justice Blackstone's own country has been repeatedly stained, at no great intervals of time, with legislation of the vilest character. Some of the greatest infamies ever embodied in human law were upon the statute book when that distinguished commentator delivered those famous lectures of his. He did not disdain to trifle with his own conscience, and tamper with the moral welfare of his pupils' souls, by pitiful special pleading in behalf of such Acts of Parliament, and by the shabbiest Charlatanism of logic, to disguise their true inspiration and purpose. But he is still very highly recommended to the admira-tion and confidence of American youth in many law schools. The object of lawŠhowever wildly and disastrously for the race it often blunders in reaching out after the sameŠis to make good citizens. The business of moral-ity is to make good men. The difference between the good citizen in his relation to law, and the good man, as the product of morality, may be well compared to the difference between a gentleman and a genteel man. The gentleman behaves as such under the influence of an inward monitor, whose orders find expression in his course of life. He is not gentlemanly because it pays. He is just as much a gentleman when he is alone in the forest, "far from the madding crowd's ignoble strife," as when he is in the church, the forum, the political meeting, the reception parlor. He is good-mannered, if you choose, at heart. But it is by no means so with the man who is merely genteel. Perfect gentility has frequently been found associated with almost total depravity. Fine ball-room behavior, elaborate courtesy on the bustling thoroughfare, the street car, the railway, the steamboat, at the home and the officeŠthese are practiced by hun_ dreds who not only care nothing for what they should express, but actually make themselves adepts in such matters for the express purpose of accomplishing nefari-ous schemes. They are perfectly genteel, and at the same time, perfectly villainous. They are the creatures of law. Only morality can change them for the better. REV. DR. NEWMAN SMITH, of New Haven, Connecticut, " startled " his congregation by refusing to read the Governor's proclamation appointing "Good Friday" as  a day of fasting. He explained that he refused to do so because the day was already hallowed by a higher au-thority than the chief executive of his State. I AM not concerned with the aspect of Good Friday, as "hallowed" or otherwise, in making these notes. To each his own "sacred day," or days. But I am always surprised anew when I find State intermeddling in reli_ gious matters of this sort going unrebuked, and its occa-sional repudiation "startling" people in this latter part of the nineteenth century of " Christian civilization.'' Why, the startling thing about this audacious proceed-ing among us "free" Americans is that any executive, Federal or State, should dream of undertaking itŠshould dare to undertake it. What is this act of "setting apart' a day for either thanksgiving or fasting but an imperti-nent invasion by the civil power where religion alone has place? What is it but an attempt of President or gov-ernor to play the part of pope? Who made either of them a judge or a ruler over the people, that either ven-tures to decide for us whether it is good to give thanks, or to go without food at any time, and what are they who presume to fix a time when others are to do these things? Thomas Jefferson, clear-sighted, sincere, true-hearted man that he was, steered clear of this affront to his fellows, this transcendent absurdity. Grover Cleve-land out-Heroded Herod in his last Thanksgiving proc-lamation. A portion of that extraordinary document was rather in the nature of a dogmatical exposition of the True Faith, such as, in the Roman Catholic Church, not even a pope can utter, but which needs, for its proper formulation, the solemn process of Ecumenical Council. 9 1,  Ł  IT is an unfortunate statement of truth that is made by the president of the Portland (Oregon) branch of the " National Municipal League," in the following :Š " The church membership and following is sufficiently numerous to impose its united will upon any political or municipal party in any city of the United States. It could, if united and determined, set up a political or a municipal ideal and compel polititians of every party to conform to it." The unfortunate thing about it is that the "church membership and following" are being wheeled into line to accomplish this very thing. THE following is part of an editorial paragraph ap-pearing in the N. Y. Independent, of May 6:Š "A clergyman writes us to ask if it would be in viola-tion of the neutrality laws for individuals to present money to King George for the support of his war against the Turk. He believes that `the fame of Greece at Mara-thon, in heaven's eyes, has been eclipsed by her fame at Reveni Pass,' and that it is ' a service to the extension 