THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. missionaries to prosecute their work as citizens not of the civil powers of earth, but of the kingdom of heaven, looking for protection only to that government for ,whose extension they are laboring. The Conflict of the Ages. "God is a Spirit." "God is love." Love is the spiritual element and the spiritual power in this uni-verse. God's law is a spiritual law, and it is a law of loveŠ"love is the fulfilling of the law." As love is the fulfilling of the law, so all sin, which is the transgres-sion of the law, is an infringement of love. He who is filled with the spirit of love until he spontaneously acts out the acts of love, has been emancipated from all legalism and compulsion; because God's will has be-Ł come his will, and so, in freely doing his own will, he obeys God. "The fruit of the spirit of love, joy, peace, long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance; against such there is no law." John, in holy vision, beheld this spiritual law, this law of love, in heaven, under the throne of God, the basis of his government for the whole universe. The kingdom of God is therefore a spiritual kingdom, it is "righteousness, joy, and peace in the Holy Spirit." It is not the kingdom of force or arbitrary power, it is the kingdom of love. It does not, like other king-doms, have to be maintained by armies, for its throne is established in the willing heart of each subject. "The kingdom of God is within you." Each subject has been won by love to willing service in the kingdom of love. God is king of this spiritual kingdom, this kingdom of love, because he is the supreme Spirit, the supreme Love, the source and fountain of all true love. Christ reigns with the Father because, by his won-derful manifestation of love, he has won the hearts of all God's true subjects, so that he has been given a name with God high above every other name that is named in earth or heaven, so "that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, * * * and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father." Ultimately this spirituual kingdom will include the whole universe, and every morally accountable being that shall remain in the universe, for, "Every creature which is in heaven and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, 'Bless-ing, and honor, and glory, and power unto him that sitteth on the throne, and to the Lamb forever and ever.' " CHRIST'S CHOICE. There is no forced service here. All is free and spontaneous. In the perfected kingdom, every heart forever more will be bound by the invisible cords of love to the everlasting throne of him who "is love." Every Christian is in the world now, to represent by his words and his life this kingdom of love. He should therefore repudiate as does the Lord, all forced or compulsory service, and seek that service which cometh from the heart only. The true church of Christ is the one divinely ap-pointed organic representation on earth of this spirit-ual kingdom. It is to stand, therefore, solely, and only, for the reign of love. It is thus to be a manifestation of the only power that can control the heart, and so actuate the life from within in harmony with the law of love. The church that seeks to bring to its aid any other power than the power of love, repudiates itself as the church of Christ, and abdicates the spiritual throne of that glorious kingdom for the blood-stained thrones of earth. In all ages, opposed to this spiritual kingdom of love, is the beast power, the kingdom of brute force and of political intrigue, the kingdom whose motto is, "Might makes right," the kingdom that is maintained only by force of arms, and whose subjects are held by deception and fear. This kingdom originated in heaven when Satan said, "I will exalt my throne above the stars of God." This kingdom, in heaven, drew to it one-third of the heavenly host. How long the conflict raged there we know not. We do know that love and truth were finally triumphant there, and force and falsehood and hatred were driven out. Then Satan came to earth, and taking advantage of man's free will, he deceived him, and led him astray, and so established his kingdom here. Since then there are two kingdoms on this earth, the kingdom of love and truth, and the kingdom of hatred, deception and force, the kingdom of light, and the kingdom of dark-ness. As no two kingdoms can exist peacefully in the same territory at the same time, so here there is ever war and unceasing conflict between the two. This conflict enters every human life. Because of the sins of our ancestors, tendency to which we have inherited, we have in us from infancy elements of the kingdom of darkness. There are also in us elements of the kingdom of light, for Christ "is the light that lighteneth every man that cometh into the world." The conflict is between these two. The question is whether the spirit shall rule, or the beast; whether love shall be triumphant in that life, casting out all hatred, intrigue, and force, or whether the beast shall rule, and love be cast out, and the final motto of that life be that might makes right. Bound and hampered as we are from birth by the law of an evil heredity and an evil environment, or by what Paul calls the law of sin and death in our members, unless we flee from the weakness of the flesh, and seek aid from the divine 