Ct CO,--I 0 CO LO 09 10 1-Ł ,-. ',IA tŁ ri CL, CO C/ Cn I-- CC CZ 1":,1-: Cr:,}4`71 CO "CI -c11 CI ai 02 09. I.- 0 Ot 0 CO In la llO ltO o CO t... 0; ,z0 ec) Łce t- co c0 az es:it:06 4=-4'  'Cli C,2 C,2 C,/ CO1--1 09Ca  al u00 '05 CO CO hO t-cz ri CO Cf) C9 Oi CO CQ CO t". CO 1--1 cc tz,-T'cr:(S'-., Co oz-co"  or) ,t? -,:rf az p., "-la/ *--4  co elB. A cto o cm, ko 0 o 0 '), cc,  c:, CO 0 00 CO t-. CC CO 0 `,1.; CO 1/O 06 1-1 1.0 0 10 1--1 CO -cti 10 b-...cti 40 Co egit:40i\t al 010,--1 GO 02 40 4,2 1-1 ,.., T'",  4'2 A ev.  ., o o o to o ktO CO CO 0 c0 1-4 Cn 1--t t--Ł CSC .04 -.rt.( Cq 10 t: CM 0 CO "[II 1-1 CO CID CO 10 CO Go 4 t---co-c5' -4 f 4 Z":CO3--1,-1- GO C0 C0 CQ 1-1 Co  GO  ,, Go Go co 0 CO 7-1 0 0 CO -14  -714  c(5 8 E 8 8 4' Co T-4.  CO-  e aD 8 8 '2q '01  R9 "0 CD "4,i t:4t.'  460'  40 4,2 oou,to00  H 0  q tcf   le iicz c6 Co O) CO OO<I,  CO CO-0.  OOOq 00  '4 8 THE AMP:RICAN SENTINEL. 165 The United Order of Trainmen of America is one that it would be natural to suppose would be as deeply interested in this question as any in the land, yet at its last annual convention that organiza-tion failed to indorse the petition to Con-gress for a law to close the Exposition, although strongly urged to do so. What is true of this order, is true of nearly all the great labor organizations of this coun- try W. e are therefore left to conclude that, either this class of American citizens are not capable of realizing their true condition, and hence it becomes necessary to assume paternal control in all matters affecting their well-being, or, that, being men of at least ordinary intelligence, conscious of the liberties secured to them under our free institutions, and of their personal ac-countability in matters of religion, they will not sacrifice their manly dignity by consenting to special legislation in their behalf. Of the two propositions the latter is greatly to be preferred. We are not afraid to trust these men with our lives, and the lives of our fami-lies, as well as the care of millions of dollars' worth of property. We leave them to make their own contracts with their employers, as to hours of labor, wages etc., and is it a fact that they are not capable of judging as to what is for their own physical good, as well as their spirit-ual growth by the aid of the moral teach-ing that is due to all men, at the hands of those men whom our heavenly Father has divinely commissioned to the work of imparting moral instruction ? Such an opinion can not for a moment be enter- tained. ALLEN MOON. Ł 4,  Ł  Principles of American Government. THE principles of this Government are civil and religious liberty. Man was cre-ated to be freeŠa slave to no man or set of men; free to seek for his own happi-ness, in his own way, and to choose for himself in matters of conscience. A love for this freedom is planted in every breast. The struggle of the race in its efforts to free itself from the galling chains of tyranny and despotism, is a theme of in-tense interest. For long ages the " divine right of kings " to rule, was an undis-puted question, except by the more dar-ing or ambitious. This tyranny was made more cruel by the union of Church and StateŠthe greatest scourge that ever befell a nation or people. This Church-State rule has caused more bloodshed than all else beside. But desires for freedom can never be quenched in blood. The Great Charter of England marks an era in this struggle for liberty. Its designs were never fully realized. The greatest reason why it was so, no doubt, was in this Church and State rule. Let the Church be united with the State, in however slight a degree, and true liberty can not exist. When the New World was discovered, the time had come for a new experiment in governmental affairs, viz., a new Government founded upon entirely different and opposite principlesŠthat of a disunion of Church and StateŠa Gov-ernment in which the people should gov-ern themselves; a Government where, not the will of one man or any set of men, but the will of the people should be law. A Government where the civil and reli-gious rights of any one man, were to be as sacred as the rights of any other man. In fact a Government where the rights of  the minorityŠbe that minority ever so small, should be sacredly guarded. There was no room in the Old World for such a plant. An ocean must lie between, lest its growth be impeded, and its fruit be made imperfect, by the influences that must necessarily cluster around it in the Old World. New territory must be opened, new soil broken. That territory was found in this most favored of all lands. That experiment was tried in this country. This country has emblazoned upon its banners, liberty to all. These foundation stones (civil and religious lib-erty), have made this Nation the example and wonder of all the world. Our pros-perity is unexampled. Our free institu-tions are without a parallel in the history of nations. But we must not forget that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." ŠPublius, in Labor's Tribune, Interesting Figures. WE published some months since a table showing the various amounts appro-priated by the Government for the sup-port of denominational Indian schools from 1887 to 1891 inclusive. The renewed interest in the subject occasioned by the action just taken by the Methodist Con-ference in favor of the proposed Sixteenth Amendment calls for the republication of the figures which are as follows :Š rn Two Declarations. Now what will Congress do ? In the Methodist Episcopal Conference at Omaha May 11, the Committee report on the Colum-bian Exposition insisted that the gates be closed on Sunday. At a meeting of the Executive Board of the Knights of Labor at Pittsburg, yesterday, it was insisted that the gates be opened on Sunday, " as Sunday," as Mr. Powderly says, " is the only day of leisure to a large majority of the working class." Two great representative bodies, the Quadrennial Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church and the Executive Board of the Knights of Labor, are not at dag-gers point over the question, but they  certainly are decidedly antagonistic. Each body represents millions; the opinion of each is undoubtedly sincere. There will be no compromise between them. Perhaps the question could be best solved by permitting those who want to stay away from the Fair on Sunday to stay away, and those who want to visit it to visit it; for after all, the Fair is to be run with the money of the people, and no one class should be permitted to control it.ŠKentucky Journal. Preserving the Christian Sabbath. AT the annual convention of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union held at Des Moines, Iowa, some time ago, this resolution was adopted :Š Realizing that the Sabbath was ordained for man, and that the proper observance of the day would secure to labor the one day of rest in seven, so much needed and so much prized by intelligent labor throughout the entire land, therefore, be it Resolved, That the President of this American Sabbath Union be authorized and requested to ap-point a committee of one or three whose duty it shall be to visit, as far as practicable, all local State and national conventions of labor organizations, and lay before them the aims and work of this Union, extending to them the right hand of fellow. ship, and secure, as far as possible, their co-opera-tion with us in the work of preserving the Chris-tian Sabbath and all its benign influences to our Nation and the world. The preamble to the resolution conveys the idea that the sole object of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union is a philanthropic one Što "secure to labor one day of rest in seven." Just as though labor was deprived now of such a privilege, was being robbed of "much prized" rest. But how "much prized" by intelligent labor is this one day of rest in seven ? As much as the extra money received for voluntary surrender of it ? If so, then why do they surrender it ? The fact is, Sunday rest is not so " much prized " by labor in general as are the dollars received instead thereof. And how "much needed"? That depends on whether we consider man's spiritual, phys-ical, or financial needs. His spiritual needs of proper Sabbath observance are great, but what has such a consideration to do with a civil Sabbath rest ? Nothing at all. And so far as man's physical needs are concerned, a certain amount of rest every day would do just as well as a rest upon any specific twenty-four hours. Financially considered, the laborer's needs of one day's. rest in seven are not much felt by him, however much the American Sabbath Union may think they are needed. At least we seldom hear labor calling for less to do, but rather for more. If it were really a fact that labor was being robbed of rest and compelled to fore-go it, we already have ample provision in our national Constitution to remedy such a state of affairs. We refer to the amend-ment which prohibits slavery and compul-sory labor of any kind. In reality, the laboring man is not compelled to work seven days in the week, nor any days at all for that matter, and this is well known by the American Sabbath Union. The plea for the laboring man's rest is merely a cloak to hide ulterior purposes, namely, the exaltation of the Sunday as a Christian institution. This is evident from the body of the resolution, which says the purpose of it all is "preserving the Christian Sabbath." By this they mean Sunday. If there is anything Chris-tian about it, it certainly does not need any preservation that men can give it. I mean God does not need the American $363,214  $376,264 $529,905 $561,950 $554,558  