 AMERICAN: SENTINEL. 635      ets to raise an altar to their gods, and put a sacrifice on the wood, but to place no fire under it. Then he would take another sacrifice, and build an altar to the Lord, and put no fire under it, and both in turn would call on the Lord, and the God who answered by fire would be ac-knowledged as the true God." "Then, mama, there is a real funny part in the story, and I could not help laughing a little. You see the four hundred and fifty priests began to call for Baal to answer by fire, but no answer came. They called and called till noon. Then Elijah told them to cry louder, that maybe their god was out walking or taking a nap. Wasn't that funny? Of course that was all a joke. I could imagine I saw the silly priests shouting and leaping around like crazy men.  At last they began to cut themselves, till they were covered with blood, as though they would even make a sacrifice of themselves, if only their god would answer by fire, and make the people honor him as God. "Elijah let them carry on in this way until evening; but by and by he put a stop to it, for of course there was no answer to all their cries." "How very solemn it must have been when Elijah hushed their wild, cruel worship!" said Mrs. Ross. "How the people must have looked up to the calm-, old prophet with expectant faces ! How sorry he must have felt for those poor, perplexed, superstitious people who could not tell who the true God was, or how to worship him 1 How indignant he must have felt to think of all the suffering they had been called upon to endure through this terrible worship of Baal!" "But whatever made them so silly ?" asked Charlie; "I am sure you would never catch me worshiping a god that would not answer." "But you forget, Charlie, that the devil and self was behind it all, and that if he had been permitted to, he would have answered by fire for Baal, and that he worked actual miracles to deceive the poor, distressed people. But go on With the story." "Well, at evening, Elijah built up the altar of the Lord, put on the sacrifice, and made the people-  pour twelve barrels of water over the altar, till the trench was all filled. Then Elijah prayed to God, and said, `Let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word.' Then this is what it says: 'Then the fire of the Lord fell, and consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and licked up the water that was in the trench. And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces: and they said, The Lord, he is the God.' 0, mama, how glad they must have been to find out that God was God !" "No doubt there were many who were glad to worship God. But there were many Who still hated him and his servants. Can you tell who they were?" "The prophets of Baal, I suppose," said Charlie, slowly. It seems as if they ought to have been glad to give up the worship of a god who had made such fools out of them. But then as long as they were determined to be fools, why didn't Elijah let them go ahead?" "Elijah was the prophet of the Lord,ŠGod's ambas-sador to a usurper's kingdom. Elijah knew the mind of God, and did not act simply as a man and in human wis-dom. Suppose that the people had been nourishing four hundred and fifty serpents, and that Elijah had just found out a way of making them drop them, and see their venomous character, and that, as they saw their danger and malignity, they were willing to have them destroyed, and that Elijah acted for God, and God said, `Put them out of the way or they will destroy my people.' The prophets of Baal had had great light in regard to God and his power and character, and God saw that they were utterly and wilfully given over to evil, and were a menace to the people's liberty and life, and that no good could result by granting them a further probation. Surely God knew what was best to do, and his action toward them was only one of mercy." "Yes," said Charlie, doubtfully; "but, mama, wouldn't we think it very wrong to put people to death who did not agree with us in matters of religion?" "Certainly, and it would be Wrong; for we cannot read the heart, and even if we could, we would have no right to kill those who were utterly bad. But God has the power and the right to destroy as he has created and preserved. When at last all rebels are exterminated, the whole universe will declare that God is just and righteous." "In those days the government was a theocracy, or government of God, and men were dealt with just as if God were the governor on a throne. Of course, God could make no mistake when he pronounced sentence. But there is no theocracy on earth to-day. It is true that there is a counterfeit of it, where a man sits in the temple of God, showing himself to be God, and has presumed to legislate as if he could read the hearts of men." "0, I know," said Charlie; "papa was telling ine about the Inquisition only the other day, and he said that men were often put to the rack and into slow ovens to make them confess, so that the inquisitors might know their very hearts." "Yes, very cruel measures have to be resorted to, men." "Well, men undertake to read the hearts of  "Well, after all, mama, I am glad that we are living in the liberty that we are. I do not think I should have enjoyed living in Elijah's time, and I am sure I should have been in continual fear if I had lived under the shadow of the Inquisition." "There would have been no more need of fear, then, than now. Some one has said that the history of the world is only the history of Church and State and the re-action against it. For some time we have been living in an age of reaction against the false theocracy, but the tide is beginning to set the other way, and some day a government is to bring down fire on the earth, not to prove the power of the true God, but to deceive the peo-ple, and to lead them to carry out the decrees of Baal. 