138 A IVIn,Icist VOL. 8. No. 18. ordained the means by which the gospel shall be brought to the notice of men; not by force, not by means of civil law, but by " the foolishness of preaching."* And so the Saviour sent his disciples forth into a hostile world under the com-mission: " Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you; and, lo, f am with you alway, even unto the end of the world."/ The only guarantee of success given the apostles was the presence of their Lord by his Spirit; and by the power of this Spirit, through the word of God, they went forth " conquering and to conquer," making converts not only without the aid of the civil power but in the face of bitter opposition by the rulers of this world. Jesus Christ, who could have prayed the Father who would have given him more than twelve legions of angels, could have commissioned those heavenly messengers to overcome by their mighty power all the opposition of wicked men and demons to the truth, and to have compelled men to have accepted the gospel, but such was not the divine plan. As one has ex-pressed it :Š The government of God is not, as Satan would make it appear, founded upon a blind submission, an unreasoning control It appeals to the intellect and the conscience. Come now, and let us rea- son together," is the Creator's invitation to the beings he has made. God does not force the will of his creatures. He can not accept an homage that is not willingly and intelligently given. A mere forced submission would prevent all real development of mind or character; it would make man a mere automaton. Such is not the purpose of the Creator, He desires that man, the crown-ing work of his creative power, shall reach the highest possible development. He sets before us the height of blessing to which he desires to bring us, through his grace. He invites us to give our-selves to him, that he may work his will in us. It remains for us to choose whether we will be set free from the bondage of sin, to share the glorious liberty of the sons of God. It was not without reason that God made man a free moral agent, and it is likewise not without reason that the Creator leaves him free. In no other way could God have been the recipient of loving, willing service from intelligent creatures. Without the power of choice there could be no moral development, no approximation to the divine standard of character, no such thing as putting on, Christ, and no possibility of being trans-formed into the same image from glory to glory. What men need to understand is the true power of the will, It is a citadel that God himself will not invade. He invites, he beseeches, but he does not coerce. He implants in the heart of every man the desire to be better than he is and to do better than he does, and then he freely offers to make him better, and thus give him the power to do better. But it is for the recipient of these favors to choose to receive them. When man de-sires them God gives them, not before; for if so given they would not be used. But when the soul yields to his Creator the whole nature is brought under the con-trol of the divine Spirit, the affections are centered upon God, and the life is in harmony with His will. But such a change is never produced by force. The gospel is the power of God to bring about this change ; it is " the mystery which, from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all *1 Cor. 1:21Ł ?Matt. 28: 19, 20. things by Jesus Christ."t " Even the mys-tery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is mad mani-fest to his saints : to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you, the hope of glory."t " To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God, according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord."/ And. this pur-pose in Christ concerning those who give themselves to him, is to present them "to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing ; but that it should be holy and without blem-ish."§ But it is only the willing and obe-dient who shall eat the good of the land. God is the only source of moral power. To use a homely, but forcible expression, as well might a man attempt to lift him-self by the straps of his boots as to elevate himself morally without the di-vine power that comes alone from God. And what one man can not do for him-self, in this respect, no number of men can do for him. God alone knows the heart, and he alone can change the character. Civilization is not morality. The most cultured are sometimes the most corrupt. Social customs and civil laws may, in fact do, restrain, but they do not transform. God alone has power to create a new heart and to renew a right spirit. But the natural man can not receive this. His trust is in the arm of flesh; and even when he fails he does not turn to the true source of strength, but tries, by allying himself with a multitude of his fellows, each as weak as himself, to do, not only for himself, but for the whole mass of humanity, what not a single individual can do for himself. And not only is this hope vain but it causes men to lose sight of the only true source of moral power, the Lord Jesus Christ. It is for this reason that when men attempt to aid the gospel in any way, except by teaching it in the power and demonstration of the Spirit of God, they only hinder it, and blind men's minds to the great truth given as a parting in-junction to the disciples by our Lord : Without me ye can do nothing." Gov-ernmental religion is always and every-where a negation of this truth, and is therefore, antichristian. C. P. B. Some Straightforward Preaching. REV. L. J. ANDREW, of Pittsburg, Pa., is reported as having preached on the even-ing of Sunday, April 16, in the Grand Opera House, Pittsburg, to a congrega-tion of over a thousand people on the Sun-day question. During his discourse Mr. Andrews said:Š Within the last few months the Sunday question has been brought prominently before the American people. It has been decided to close the World's Fair on Sunday. This is in accordance with the wishes of honest, but misguided people. It does not accord with the views of the majority of man-kind. In the last year the people in our State and city have taken a narrow view of things pertaining to Sunday. Now, the individual is supreme; he is above all government. Some people are born with small natures. I do not know of anything that will make a dwarf a giant, or a bigot a gentleman. America leads the world in liberality, but it is a question whether we are freer than the Germans or the French. Christianity is in danger as much from the bigotry of adherents, as from immorality. tEph. 3: 9. Col. 1: 26, 27. Eph. 3:10, 11. §Eph. 5: 27. Broad-minded men say, "Look ! Does Christianity make a man intolerant and a bigot ? If it does we will have nothing to do with it." This is the most conglomerate Nation in the world, and we ought to be the most liberal people on earth. So, I say, Jesus Christ was a liberal man. Shall we keep Saturday or Sunday ? The great reformers of the world were equally tolerant. This is true of Luther, Cranmer, and the rest. . . . This is not the Sabbath. That day was yesterday. The preacher had noticed elsewhere that religious laws did not regenerate the peo-ple, for he said, " I observe that the most degraded cities of Europe are those gov-erned by Puritanic laws." He also scored the inconsistencies of prosecuting the pub-lishers for issuing newspapers which had been prepared and set up on Saturday, and letting those go free upon whose pa-pers all the work was done on Sunday, and declared, if the positions taken by those who would enforce the Sunday laws were correct, then it was wrong to hire janitors to heat and care for chnrches on Sunday, and an infraction of the law for salaried ministers to preach. Trial for Sunday Work. THE case of Mr. J. W. Judefind, ac-cused of husking corn on Sunday, re-ferred to in these columns last week, was tried at Chestertown, the county seat of Kent County, Maryland, on the 19th ult., with the result that Mr. Judefind was convicted, and on refusal to pay the fine and costs was sent to jail for sixty days. Mr. Jas. T. Ringgold, author of " The Law of Sunday," and member of the Bal-timore Bar, appeared as counsel for Mr. Judefind. The defendant waived a jury and the case was tried by the judges. The Circuit Courts in Maryland have a bench of three judges, but in this instance only two were present. Before the examination of the wit-nesses was begun the defense moved to dismiss the case (1) because the informa-tion did not charge a crime under the statutes of the State, and (2) because the statute itself is unconstitutional. The court, however, refused to hear any argu-ment at this stage of proceedings, and ordered the State's attorney to proceed with the examination of the witnesses, remarking that the legal points could be argued later. The first, and indeed the principal wit-ness for the State, was Rev. Robert Roe, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Church at Rock Hall, and the person at whose instigation the arrest was made. The transcript from the magistrate's docket stated that the warrant was issued " on the information and oath of Rev. Robert Roe," but Mr. Roe testified positively that he did not make oath to the information, that he was not sworn at all in connection with the case until he appeared as a wit-ness after Mr. Judefind had been arrested, and that the record was false. This ques-tion was not thoroughly sifted, but it is probable that Mr. Roe told the truth, and that the magistrate was guilty of making a false record. At the trial before the magistrate Mr. Roe was not able to identify Mr. Jude-find positively, but before the Circuit Court his testimony was positive on this point. One or two other witnesses cor-roborated Mr. Roe as to the identity of the defendant, proving conclusively the fact that he did husk corn on Sunday, Novem-ber 13, 1892. The only incident of interest in the taking of the testimony was the cross-ex- 