THE AMERICAN SE:NTT-NEI,. kind, schools and the means of education shall forever be encouraged. It is insisted that this article requires the teaching of religion in the public schools of Chicago. This is a forced con-struction, and was so regarded by the Supreme Court of Ohio, in the decision of the case of the Cincinnati School Board et al. vs. Monor et al., which was based on this same article now incorporated in the Constitution of Ohio. At the bottom of page 2, is found the following quotation:Š The State demands that the religious and moral sense of the people be educated, such instruction being necessary to good government and the hap- piness of mankind, and there can be no right of conscience superior to this prerogative, if it is not abused. First, it is not true that "the State de-. wands that the religious and moral sense of the people be educated." The State makes no such demand, and cannot with-out violating both the State and the Fed-eral Constitutions, and the very founda-tion principles of justice. The State cannot teach a religion that would not conflict with the views of religion held by some of its citizens, and for it to force a religion upon unwilling subjects, or exact from them money in support of a religion antagonistic to their-  own, is the very embodiment of tyranny. It will be admitted that religion and morality are necessary to good government and the happiness of mankind, but the best service that government can render religion is to keep its secular hands off it. One of the great mistakes made by these worthy ,women, and many would:be re-formers of our day is that they teach that secular education is antagonistic to relig-ion. The Address makes this error in the following words :Š In seeking to escape from bigoted sectarianism, the schools have fallen into the grasp of illiberal liberalism. Exclusion of all religious instruction is the propagation of irreligion as certainly as dark-ness reigns where the sun never shines. Darkness and light are directly opposed to each other and cannot exist together, and by this illustration we are taught that geography, grammar, and reading are antagonistic to religion. This is a humili-ating confession, and one which Protest-antism is wont to shoulder on the Roman Church but which she usually denies for herself. Our schools are no more irreli-gious because religion is not taught in them than are schools of telegraphy and phonography in which religion is not taught. The State when it teaches geo-graphy, grammar, etc., is simply attend-ing to its legitimate business, which the Sunday school, and the denominational school, and the Church do when they teach religion. Again, " the right of the State to give secular instruction cannot be admitted if the right to give religious instruction is denied." This conclusion is most illogical. When  analyzed it means just this : Because the State is rightfully supreme in civil affairs it can therefore dictate in matters of re-ligion. Because the State may compel a man to work his poll tax, it can therefore compel him to do penance. To prove that these principles lead to compulsory attend-ance upon church services, the following quotation is submitted No church or sect can go out in the highways and by-ways and force children into its Sabbath school or house of worship, hence it is the imperative duty of the public schools to impart to them that instruc-tion without which they are becoming adepts in vice and villainy. In other words, public sentiment is against forcing attendance upon the Sab-bath school and church service, therefore we must turn our public schools into Sab-bath schools and churches where we can force attendance upon them. For the State to resolve itself-  into a great sect and compel attendance upon religious instruc-tion and religious services, is just as in-consistent as for the religious sects to do it. Another strange-sounding statement, coming as it does from a body of Chris-tian women, is found at the top of page 4. It reads as follows :Š The religion, morality, and knowledge which they (the children) are to be taught is the religion, mo-rality, and knowledge essential to the welfare of the State and to the happiness of mankind, not to the salvation of souls. Can it be possible that this organization of Christian women proposes to prostitute the Holy Bible and the religion it contains to the mere preservation of the State. The religion of the Bible was revealed to man for the salvation of souls, and any religion which falls short of this is no religion in the sense in which religion is regarded by our orthodox churches, where these ladies hold membership. What is the difference between a "ghostly agnosticism " and a religion which lands a man just outside the heavenly gate,Šor in hell? The boy or girl who goes to hell with such a re-ligion is no better off than the one who goes without it. Again, such a religion is of no value to the State. It is a soul-saving religion which exerts an influence upon a nation and adds to its stability. Take from religion its soul-saving power, and you take from it its heart, its purity, and its influence for good upon the indi-vidual and upon the nation, and what you have left is a mere form, a religion of hypocritical policy. On page 7, is found the following quotation :Š Should one say, "The Bible is a sectarian book," we ask, " To what sect does it belong ?" Should he say, " It means a union of Church and State," we ask, " Of what church with the State ? " The writer of the Address regards the question following the above objections as a complete answer to them, but are they ? If the King James version is ac-cepted by one hundred sects and rejected by a single sect, it is sectarian so far as  the dissenting sect is concerned, and it is a well-known fact that the Roman Catho-lics do not accept of the King James ver- sion. They have a right therefore to regard it as a sectarian book, though ac-cepted by all Protestant sects. Neither does the question, " Of what Church with the State ? " answer the ob-jection, that it means a union of Church and State. A union of Church and State is just as essentially brought about where several churches unite to force the teach-ing of doctrines which they hold in com-mon, as where a single sect compels the teaching of a doctrine held by it. The difference is that some of the sects form a religious " trust " by which to control the teaching of religion in the State schools, to the exclusion of views held by the dis-senting sects and unbelievers. It is not necessary in order to have an essential union between the Church and the State to have that union to consist of a single church and. the State. For want of space we will notice but one more quotation, as follows But it is urged that the Holy Bible may be abused and misused. So may bread and meat, and water and fire. Shall these agencies be banished for this reason ? Yes, banish them from every place where they do not belong. While bread is good when taken into the stomach, it should be banished immediately if gotten into the eye. Fire should be banished from every place where it will cause a conflagration, although good in its place. The Bible though good in its place should be banished from the public schools where it does not belong and where it creates religious strife which is worse than a conflagration. A. F. BALLENGER. God in the Constitution. THE editor of the Argonaut, San Fran-cisco, thinks the failure to recognize the Deity in our national charter is a serious omission to the extent even of being un-constitutional, because it is thereby a rec-ognition of " the no-God religion of the atheist," which is about as erratic a state-ment as it' is possible for one to make. This doctrine of recognizing a certain thing because a certain other thing is not mentioned is a brand new idea, and it bounds out bright from the mint of Mr. Pixley's brain. It is as absurd, however, as it would be to maintain that the Pres-ident in his message recognized free trade because he failed to mention the tariff. We do not see why, upon this principle, this Nation does not recognize Christianity or the one-God religion of the Christian, because it has failed to put atheism in the Constitution. - These Constitution tinkers not only give evidence of being in a poor business, but of having parted company with common sense as well. The idea of recognizing atheism by failing to even hint at it is about as fool- 