266 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. closing on the Sunday Sabbath is in an-tagonism to the Saturday Sabbath, and the Advocate is guilty of that of which it has accused the Association. But the lan-guage of the petition, the principles, and all the published utterances of the Associ-ation prove it, guiltless of the accusation which the Advocate has made, while the Advocate stands self-convicted upon its own statement. The alternative of the conclusion which the Sunday Advocate has attempted to fasten upon the Associ-ation is true, therefore, of the Sunday Advocate. It would prefer to have the Fair closed on the Sunday Sabbath so that by consecrating that day the Saturday Sabbath may become obsolete as a recog-nized day for rest and worship. The Sunday Advocate is self-convicted. It is itself guilty of that of which it has falsely accused another. The false accu-sation which it has made, either in ignor-ance or malice, has been its own uninten-tional confession. Upon what grounds should the possibility of such statements, as these which the Columbian Sunday Advocate has made, be based ? It would be charitable to consider them as showing a lack of intelligence, yet it is said that most men prefer to be. considered knaves rather than fools. It is a serious quan- dary. w. H. M. Ł-Ł Responsible only to God in Morals. THE theory of legislation upon religious duties and questions is radically opposed to the teaching of the Scriptures of divine truth, which plainly declare that " every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Rom. 11:12. This .text plainly asserts our accounta-bility to God. From other scriptures we learn the scope of this accountability; that it has reference, first, to our duty toward God; second, to our duty to our fellow-man. The first and great commandment in the law is, " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind ;" " and the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neigh-bor as thyself." And our Lord adds, " On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." But while we have duty toward. our fellow-man, failure to perform that duty is not, as we sometimes loosely say, sin against man, but is sin against God. It is God's law that defines our duty toward our fellows, and the violation of that law is sin. " Whosoever committeth sin," says the apostle, " transgresseth also the law; for sin is the transgression of the law." The divine law, of course; and so, in the fifty-first psalm, we find David con-fessing to God the, wrong done to Uriah, in these words : " Against thee, thee only, have I sinned, and done this evil in thy sight." The wrong was done to man; the sin was against God; and to God the ac-count must be given. " So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God," both for our sins against God and our wrongs to our fellow-men. ALL SIN is, without qualification, against God. And He it is who " shall bring every work into judgment with every secret thing whether it be good or evil." God is the great and only moral gov-ernor. To him, and to him alone, every soul is morally responsible. In the very nature of things this could not be other-wise, for to permit any power whatever to come between the soul and God would be  to destroy individual responsibility to God. That man is a social as well as a moral being; and as 'such he is endOWed with certain inalienable rights; to hith God has committed' the preservation. of these rights by means Of civil government. This truth is thus expressed in 'the American Declaration of Independence:Š We hold these truths to be self-evideffti  that all men are created equal, that they are' endoWed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among those are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That to -secure these rights, govern- ments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed. To disregard these rights or to trample upon them is to wrong our fellow-men and so to sin against God. The sin, if not re-pented of and forgiven, God will punish in his own time; the wrong may be dealt with by our fellows in their organized capacitysas a State. And it is this fact that restrains from deeds of violence and injustice, many who have not the fear of God before them. This safeguard to lib-erty and natural rights, the God who sends his rain upon the just and upon the unjust, has given to man. Its benefits ac-crue alike to the righteous and to the wicked. The pOwers of civil government are exercised alike by and for Jew and Gentile, pagan and Christian. Hence civil government is not in any sense Christian, but is humanitarian, that is, it ,is given, like marriage, for the good of the race. And this was not an arbitrary arrange-ment on the part of the Creator, but for wise and beneficent reasons which we can readily discern and comprehend. God committed to men, not the administration of his law, nor any part of it, but the maintenance of those rights which reason teaches that all intelligent moral beings should enjoy in common; those self-evi-dent rights enumerated in the Declaration of Independence. Had God made civil governinent Christian, and commissioned men to administer his law; and to require of their fellows the discharge of duties due to the Divine Being, or even to administer the divine law as regards the, duties which as social beings we owe to one another, it would have destroyed moral responsibility to God. On the other hand,' had God not committed to men the power to regulate to some extent their social relationin or-der that their natural rights might be pre-served, but had himself administered civil justice, one of two things would have fol-lowed: either vengeance would have been so swift and certain as to defeat the very design of God in making man a free moral agent, or else punishment would have been so long delayed as to afford no protection to those in need of it. It was absolutely nedessary that man should be the guardian of his own rights in this world, and for the temporary concerns of this world; but that this should in no way affect his indi-vidual moral responsibility to the Creator. Nor should men Make it a pretext for as-suming to exercise authority which belongs alone to God. That the principle here stated is the cor-rect:and scriptural one, is clear from ,the word§ of Christ when the Pharisees sought to entangle him in his talk. They asked him the quest ion : "Is it lawful to give trib-ute unto Caesar, or not ?" But he under-standing their purpose, said : " Show me the tribute' money. And' they brought unto him a 'penny. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and super-scription? And they said unto him,  Caesar's. Then said he unto them, Ren-der therefore unto Csar the things which are Ceesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." In this, Christ plainly sepa-rated between civil and moral duties. The paying of tribute was simply a civil mat-ter. They were living under Csar's gov-ernment and it was right that they should contribute to the siipport of the govern-ment; and yet this was not an absolute moral duty, but rather one growing out of the surroundings, and in some cases even something to be done merely to avoid offense. It was for this reason that Christ himself 'paid tribute, as we learn from Matt. 17:24-27. But notwithstanding the fact that civil government is not Christian, the Christian must of necessity live under it, even though he is not a part of it; he is in the world, yet not of it; and he is not to ren-der himself unnecessarily obnoxious to the powers that be, for that would defeat the very object of civil government. Says the apostle: " For kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and. honesty." Quietness and peace are essential to the enjoyment of life and liberty, and to the pursuit of happiness, which the Declara-tion of Independence enumerates as among those inalienable rights which govern-ments are instituted to preserve. Thus the Christian's true attitude toward civil government is quiet submission in all things civil; rendering to Caesar [the State] the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's. But to do this, that is, to render to God that which belongs to God, he who would ren-der it, must, in the things rendered to God, be absolutely independent of any hu-man authority. In those things, his high-est allegiance must be paid to God. And as a matter of history, we find that this has always been the attitude of the serv-ants of God. This was the case with Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, who, for refusing to bow before the great image in the plain of Dura, were cast into the fiery furnace. It was also the case with Daniel, who, though prime minister of the empire, disobeyed a law of the empire. It was also the case with Peter and John, who, when commanded by the magistrates contrary to the word of the Lord, an-swered, " Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we can not but speak the things which we have seen and heard." In all these cases the civil rulers soughtk  to usurp authority which belonged alone to God, and the servants of God refused obedience and quietly submitted to the punishment inflicted, protesting, however, against the injustice and maintaining their innocence while declaring boldly their purpose not to yield to Caesar the things that belonged to God. The same course was pursued by Chris-tians until apostacy began to corrupt the primitive simplicity of the gospel. The followers of Christ ever yielded cheerful obedience to all in authority in all civil matters, but they went to the block and to the stake rather than yield an iota of their soul-liberty. So persistent were they in maintaining this principle of indi-vidual responsibility directly to God, that their teaching upon this subject so per-meated the Roman empire that by the year A. D. 319, the most perfect religious freedom that ever existed under any gov- 