326 TIIE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. men are the directors of our State religion. They are, or they appoint, the trustees of our public schools, and. so  they appoint the ministers of our State church. How much will they be concerned for the re-ligious qualifications of these ministers, and how well qualified are they to judge of fitness for such an office ? Clearly the whole affair is absurd, as a method of fostering religion, and utterly contrary to the spirit of our free institutions. It is an anachronism which ought to be corrected." An Unwarrantable Attempt. THE SENTINEL is not partisan in any sense, and, therefore, upon the reference to the Republicans in the following extract from the Sun, we have nothing to say. We print the item solely for the value of the point which it makes so clearly, with-out reference one way or the other to the Republicans, as such :Š " I think," said Governor Hoard in a speech delivered at Waukesha, the day after the Milwaukee election, "I see the interest of the American State hanging in the balance in the discussion, and I wish -to see exhibited the patriotism that knows enough to defend the house in which it lives. This law may be imperfect, but what new law is not ? It may require to be perfected, but we should stand by the right of the State to prescribe the secular education of the State." Unfortunately for*Governor Hoard and the Republicans, the Bennett bill undertakes to prescribe what shall be taught in schools supported by religious bodies and private means, and not by pttblic taxation. The position of the opponents of the Bennett bill is clearly defined by Mr. George Brumder, proprietor of the Germania, the organ of the German Lutheran Church. " It is not," lie says, " because the Lutherans are adverse to the teaching of English in the Lutheran schools, that we oppose the law, but simply because the State attempts to dictate to us what we shall teach in our private schools." The Republicans are raising the cry of the State against the Church, and they are taking the rather ticklish course of representing the opposition to the Ben-nett bill as the work of Catholics, Lu-therans, and foreigners generally. In reality the opponents of the bill are fight-ing for the good and sound principle that the State shall mind its own business. They are not attacking the common schools. They are defending private and parochial schools, and they are resisting the unwarrantable attempt of the State to direct the instruction in institutions which it does not support." HIM whom they would make King of this Nation by the manipulations of cor-rupt politicians, said, "My kingdom is not of this world." w.A..irioa/%1"1-e RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. 'e believe it is the right and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent, religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 22.5 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. Sunday and the World's Fair. THE question of closing the World's Fair on Sunday is being agitated at the present time. It is insisted by a numerous and influential class of citizens that the Columbian Exposition to be held in Chi-cago in 1893, shall be closed to all the world on Sunday. It is not the purpose of this leaflet to discuss whether the Fair shall or shall not be closed on Sunday, but to inquire what motive prompts the making of such a demand. On what ground is the demand that the Fair be closed on Sunday, based ? Why not ask that it be closed on Monday? or why ask that it be closed on any day ? Sunday is regarded by a large majority of Christians as a religious day, and.  from these, and for religious reasons, comes the demand that the Fair be closed on Sunday. This is the reason the demand is made,Š their religious views of the character of the day. The demand, then, is made by a class of religious people, from religious motives, and for religious ends. To their religious views they cer-tainly have a right; but when it is in-sisted that the religious views of some, even though they be largely in the major-ity, shall be made a rule of action for all, another question at once arises,Š CAN.  A LAND OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY EN-FORCE RELIGIOUS VIEWS ? £he World's Fair is not a religious con-cern. Others beside those who regard Sunday as a sacred day will visit it, and contribute to its support and success. Thousands may wish to attend it on Sun-day who will not have an opportunity to do so on other days. Should the Fair be kept open, those who regard Sunday re-ligiously need not visit it on that day; Their action in the matter would depend solely on their own choice.- But to- de-mand that the World's Fair shall be closed to all the world on Sunday, because some good people regard that day relig-iously, is unreasonable. What right have  those who regard the hours of Sunday as holy time, to dictate how or where those who do not so regard them shall or shall not spend their time ? With all respect to religion, it must be said that when its devotees assume such an attitude, they are taking unwarrantable ground. This demand is not made in the interests of the Fair, or of the Nation, but to secure national sanction to certain religious views. It is prompted by the same spirit which demands a national Sunday law, and an establishment by law of a national religion. ButŠ IS CIVIL GOVERNMENT THE PROPER CON-SERVATOR OF RELIGION ? The object of civil government is not to make its citizens religious, but civil. Re-ligion pertains to a man's obligations to God and his well-being in another world. Civil governments are instituted to protect men in their- rights in this world. It is not the province of religion to run civil governments. The Church has never as-sumed control of the State without perse-cution quickly following in its train. Forgetting their high calling, religionists have sometimes made it their chief busi-ness to meddle with worldly affairs, and sought to place civil governments on a religious basis; but all such efforts have invariably proved disastrous, both to re-ligion and the governments. The success of Christianity does not depend upon the closing of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday. Christianity is a great deal larger than Columbia or the Exposition, and Sunday-keeping is not all there is to Christianity. Christians differ as to which day is the Sabbath, some claiming the first, and others the seventh day of the week, and it is not the province of the Government to say which is right. Aside from divine revelation, the strong-est argument any one can make in favor of the day he regards as sacred is for him to keep it. The consistent course for those churches to pursue which regard Sunday as sacred time, is for them to pro-hibit their members from attending the Fair on that day, and discipline those who do. This they may do, and this is as far as they can consistently go. The membership of a church is the extent of its jurisdiction. It is not the business of churches to demand of nations, States, or principalities, that everybody shall be re-quired to conform to their ideas and cus-toms in religious matters. . Any attempt in this direction is but a step toward a union of Church and State.ŠN. R. L. A. Leaflet. THE State is not an exhorter, or a pursuader, or a debating club, but a pos-itive law power for secular purposes; and hence, when it attempts .to administer religion, it must of necessity give to it the law force, deciding what religion is true, and by what method it shall be promoted. There is no escape from this result, if we admit the principle from which it springs. ŠSamuel T. Spear, D. D. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKim, President. Secretary. Ł 4  Ł  