724 AMERICAN SENTINEL. made it practically impossible to escape the new stand-ard of "church authority," backed by the empire, after the Bible had been deposed from its rightfUl place. Thus it came to pass that the legalized religion was, in time, the accepted religion. And as this must Ł find embodiment in an organization, the establishment of the papacy was an inevitable result of that first step which declared the law of God void, and so made it a necessity that other standards should be erected and enforced. The time of this development which culmi-nated in the full establishment of the papal church is properly designated, in general, as from the middle of the second to the middle of the fifth century. It is not possible to fix upon a definite date for the beginning nor for the culmination of a movement whfch was a gradual evpltition, and the result of a long series of influences. Still it may be said without fear of suc-cessful contradiction, that the germ of the whole move-ment which produced the Roman Catholic, or papal church, was involved in the denial of the fundamental truth of the supreme authority of the Bible in matters of religious faith and practise. In this apostatizing movement the Sabbath was a prominent point of attack, because it represented God so fully, and challenged the ,false claims of the church: authority theory as no other command of the Decalogue did or could. The history of the "Dark Ages," during which the papal power was practically supreme, repeats and emphasizes the fact that the Bible and the Sabbath shared the same fortunes as to regard and authority. They were both cast out, or subordinated wholly to the authority of the church. But antinomianism and no-Sabbathism underlaid the entire movement. American Doctrine. SOVEREIGNTY over an unwilling people cannot, ac-cording to American ideas, rightfully be gained either by conquest or by purchase. That was the doctrine of Thomas Jefferson. It was the doctrine of Abraham Lincoln. It was the doctrine of Andrew Jackson. It was the doctrine of George Washington. It was the docrine of Charles Sumner.°  Our friends talk about Alaska. They talk about Florida. They talk about Louisiana. There was in neither of those territories when we acquired it a people capable of governing them. The few scattered settle-ments did not constitute a people capable of acting to-gether in any political capacity. In the cases of Louisi-ana and Alaska and the territory obtained from Mexico, the few dwellers in those sparsely settled and generally uninhabited regions were entirely content to come to us. They were acquired with the expectation that they would be parts of the Republic, and would become in time equal, self-governing and powerful States. How  idle to cite those cases as indicating our right to con-quer a reluctant people, to be held forever, as the advo-cates of that conquest now are proclaiming, as subjects and not as equals.ŠSenator George F. Hoar. ;The Mexican Clergy Out of Politics. IN Mexico it has been found necessary for the welfare of the State to put the clergy out of politics. On this point Vice-President Moriscal of Mexico says in The Independent:Š "Though Mexico is Roman Catholic in every fibre, she has firmly and determinedly put the clergy out off politics and kept them out. That caused the most severe of all her struggles for independence. Its magni-tude may be guessed when I say that previous to 1860 a great part of the cities of Mexico consisted of churches, convents and other ecclesiastical structures, many of which have been converted into libraries, stores, ware-houses, factories, or applied to other useful purposes. Previous to the triumph of the Liberals the Archbishop of Mexico received $130,000 per annum, and could ab-solutely make and unmake governments at his pleasure. The Spanish high priests rolled in wealth, while the native parish priests, who did the real work of the church, were in the depths of poverty. " When the Liberals triumphed they passed the laws of reform which divided church and state, and they confiscated all church property, so that even the houses of worship are now the property of the Government. They also confined religious ceremonies to edifices, and forbade special religious instruction in the public schools. "During the Spanish domination the Roman-Catho-lic religion was the only one tolerated in the country, but later the Constitution established freedom of wor-ship and Protestant missionaries entered the field. The Protestants claim that they aremaking great gains and that they have now about 30,000 communicants, but thoughtful Mexicans believe that they are deceived by people who seek them for the loaves and fishes. Practi-cally the country is as Catholic as it ever was. But this Ł does not constitute the danger to liberty thatŁ it once did. Even the most devout Catholics seem to have accepted the reforms in good faith, and the influence of the Pop bas been strongly exercised for peace, reconcil-iation and the healing of past differences. This has naturally strengthened the church as well as the Govern-ment." The clergy in politics, as appears from this state-ment, was a condition which worked against the inde-pendence of Mexico. That being so in Mexico, why will not the like thing be true in the United States ? The Mexican clergy are Roman Catholic; but are the Catho-lic clergy, in politics, worse than other clergy in politics? The church in politics, to rule there to the extent of her power, means danger to the state, no matter what church it, may be. Going into politics was the very thing which developed the papacy out of the early Christian church; and the like steps by any church to-day, can 