AMERICAN SENTINEL. 603 Training for Liberty. RELIGIOUS liberty is just as essential for young people as it is for the "old folks." Youth is the proper time in life to learn what religious liberty means. How many of the youthful members of families into which the SENTINEL comes, I wonder, can tell what religious liberty is and why it is valuable? If people do not learn this in their youth, they are very apt not to know it when they grow up, or to lose it because they do not appreciate its value. Youth is the time in which the real preparation is made for after life. What is thoroughly learned in youth, generally sticks to the individual as long as he lives. All the life that we live in this world is but a prepara-tion for liberty in the life to come. Why do we need this preparation?':ŠIt is because we could not be trusted with liberty without it. Without liberty, life would not be worth living. And God, who has created us all, designs that we shall have a life that is worth living. So he intends that we shall have perfect liberty. In youth, we must be trained so that we can be en-trusted with liberty. A baby cannot be given its liberty. It must be watched almost constantly to prevent harm from coming to it. A little child must be watched almost as carefully. But no individual can be watched in everything which concerns his welfare, all through life. The time comes when he must be left to decide things for himself; and even if this were not so, to be under the constant super-vision of another in everything would make existence most unpleasant. - So as the child 'grows up, it should,be taught how to enjoy liberty without receiving harm. And in this the chief harm to be guarded against is of course that which can reach it through the avenue of the mind. The one and only safeguard against such harm is the love of right principles. No harm can be received while these control the mind. Right principles are God's prin-ciples, and he has set them forth for all the world in the precepts of his law. This law is called in the Bible the "law of liberty." Only in the pathway of this law can real and perfect liberty be enjoyed. The expression is, therefore, most appropriate. The right training and education for the child is that which writes this law upon his heart. In order to receive this training, the child must be taught to exercise his own judgment and conscience. He must be shown the right way, and then left free tochoose to walk in it. If he does not, he must, of course, be cor-rected. But to take away his freedom of choice at the start, would be no benefit to him, hut an injury. Religious liberty means that an individual shall be left free to exercise his own will and conscience in all mat-ters which concern his relation to God. He must have this freedom if his will and conscience are to be developed; and these must be developed, and the development must begin in childhood. It is these that give character to the individual; and childhood is the easiest time to form right character. So don't think, dear young reader, that religious lib-erty is something that doesn't concern you, but is only for grown-up people who live where the law forbids them to work on Sunday. Whatever our circumstances in life, we are all forming character by the exercise of the same God-given rights. And at no time are we forming char-acter faster than in youth. 0 -4 The Protest of the Princes. You ask in a recent issue who was the author of the words, "Let us reject this decree; in matters of conscience the majority has no power." The expression is what is known as the "Protest of the Princes," and was uttered by the German Christian princes in the year 1529, before the Diet or Council of Spires. History says that when the Reformation under Mar-tin Luther made headway, it excited the hatred of those against whom the effort was being waged, and at 'one of the councils Luther was branded as an "outlaw." Al-though many efforts were made to crush the movement, they were apparently stayed, until in 1526 the Diet of Spires gave each State full liberty in matters of religion until a general council should be called. This was done in 1529, when it was determined to crush out all heresy. These princes it was hoped could be induced to side against the reformers, but if not, resort would be had to the sword. Reports were circulated that the religious liberty that had been granted was giving rise to numer-ous disorders, and must be suppressed. Those who had tasted something of the sweets of re-ligious liberty were not to yield it up without a vigorous protest. A compromise was proposed that permitted preaching to be done, and services to be conducted where the work was already established, but there was to be no aggressive work. This virtually stopped the advance-ment of the Reformation. To the Diet this compromise appeared as a legal measure, and was passed. To dis-obey it, meant a struggle, loss of property, title, and pos-sibly death; to accept it meant peace, but with it was the acknowledgment that Rome could coerce conscience and forbid free inquiry. 