AMERICAN SENTINEL. 423 to adopt them, so that the heathen could profess Chris-tianity without making any violent change in their habits and customs. But of course it would not do to continue them as emblems of the worship of the ruler of the day. So, remembering that Jesus was just six months younger than John the Baptist, they hit on the plan of calling Midsummer Day the birthday of John the Baptist, and the winter celebration the birthday of Jesus, quieting their consciences, if they had any con-science in the matter, by the fact that Jesus is "the Sun of righteousness." So we have Christmas, a purely hea-then festival, firmly fixed in the church. When so much of sun worship had been adopted, it was but a short step to the adoption of Sunday, "the venerable day of -the sun." The Voice of the People. "Bible Echo." SELDOM, if ever, has the voice of the people been the voice of God. We read that "the voice of them [the peo-ple]-and of the chief priests prevailed." But that voice 41emanded the life of the Son of God. "Thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil," is the divine injunction. And, surely, the way of the multi-tude always leads to evil. "Strait is the gate, and nar-row is the way that leads to life, and few there be that find it." But the way to evil is broad, "and many go in thereat." In the days of Noah it was the voice of one man against the voice of millions, but the one voice was right. The testimony borne by the voice of Lot was true, while all the jangling voices of the cities of the plain were lost in confusion. It was the voice of one crying in the wil-derness that condemned the religious world for their re-jection of the Messiah. . . . The voice of God speaks in direct contrast even to the professing religious world. The people say, "Beat your swords into plowshares, and your spears into prun-ing-hooks," but God's message is directly the reverse: "Beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruning-hooks into spears, and let the weak say, I am strong." The Lord's message is for the last day also, for it ends with the statement, "Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe." And Christ tells us that the harvest is the end of the world. From this statement made by the people, many have taken the view that there will be a millennium of peace and happiness succeed the wars of time, and that now we are preparing for that great event. The czar's peace proposals appear to them as prophetic of the reign of peace. But while the many nations are speaking peace with their lips and in their professions, never in the world's history were there such tremendous prepara-tions for war. The mighty men are being wakened up, just as God said they would in the last days. The clos- ing struggle is yet to come. The Armageddon-contest will settle the question of war forever. The Lord knew, as he spoke through the prophet of old, what the mind of man would be in the last days. He knew that those who would be seeking the patron-age of earthly governments for their religion would be crying Peace! peace! But the unregenerate hearts of men and nations would, despite that cry, be contemplat-ing and preparing for war. And thus it is to-day. The time of the end has come, and the shadows of the last days fall over the hilltops of time. We are approaching the millennium, but that only means "a thousand years." There is no prophecy of happiness or of peace in it. In fact, it will just be the opposite. Everything is reversed, and this we read in Jer. 4:23-27. The greatest battle yet before the world is the last battle, and in that struggle the broken weap-ons and wounded men will be left upon the battle-field never to be made whole again. . . . Those who are willing to follow the voice of the peo-ple will be unprepared to meet the realities that are pointed out by the voice of God. And herein lies the danger in taking our religion from human thought, or accepting the dictates of popular opinion. The voice of the people does not represent the voice of God, nor will it ever do so, till that time comes when sin and sinners shall alike be unknown. An Anti-Peace Congress. AN "Anti-peace Congress" has been sitting in Am-sterdam with the object apparently of offsetting the purpose and influence of the Peace Congress. In a speech at this opposition gathering the following noteworthy statements were made by a brother of the late President Faure, of France:Š "Before we talk of inter ,ational arbitration or peace, the ideals of Christianity must be realized upon earth. The present state of things is an affront to Christendom. While honeyed words of peace are wafted from The Hague, the thundering orders to increase armies and navies in Russia, Germany, England, and even America are sent forth to the various legislatures. The very Men who are crying peace in The Hague are even now medi-tating new war plans in their hearts. Kaiser Wilhelm is the biggest hypocrite of all. While hobnobing with the czar he astounds his own people with gigantic war prep-arations. The Jews are still persecuted in Russia. The book of Bertha von Buttner and the common sense pam-phlet of Baron von Stel.gel are alike shut out from Rus-sia. Even America, while talking arbitration and dis-armament, is carrying on a war with imperialistic inten-tions. I reiterate, let us aim first to change national and international social conditions and then let us talk of peace." "REMEMBER them that are in bonds, as bound with them." Heb. 13:3. 