AMERICAN SENTINEL. 217 It is becoming more and more evident that the pres-ent age is not suited to the progress of Presbyterian-ism. The influences which give character to these times are antagonistic to the teachings of Calvin and Knox, and to the spirit of their times. The boundaries fixed by the creeds and traditions of former times are break-ing up, and in the effort to adhere to them the Presby-terian and other Protestant churches find themselves involved in a dilemma. They may ignore these med iaeŁ val doctrines of their "confession of faith," as their clergy mostly do; but the doctrines are there, and when they are attacked the churches feel bound to defend ahem; yet their adherence to the same raises an insu-perable obstacle in the way of their growth and pros-perity. The more hard and rigid and unmerciful the boundary lines of the creed, the more do the people of this day revolt at the idea of intellectual confinement within them. * * The church of Rome alone maintains both her ad-herence to dogma and tradition and her accustomed hold upon the people; and this is because the papal religion is, far more than any other, the religion of human nature. The papal church will flourish while human nature remains what it is and has been since the fall of man. * * BOOK has been published in Leipsic entitled, "The Golden Book of the German People at the Turn of the Century." To it thelkaiser has contributed this senti-ment:Š "From God's grace comes the king, therefore he is responsible to the Lord alone. He must choose his way and his action from this standpoint alone. This awful, heavy responsibility, which the king bears for his people, gives him also a right to loyal cooperation on the part of his subjects. Therefore, everyone among the people must be filled with the conviction that he is personally responsible with him for the welfare of the fatherland." * * * The New York Sun sees in this an evidence that the theory "Me and God" will hold good in Germany during the twentieth century; but the New York Christian Advocate defends the kaiser's sentiment, and quotes this scripture as supporting it:Š "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God. 7 . . . Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake. For, for this cause pay ye tribute also; for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing."ŠRom. 13: 1-6. * 4/. "Inthesame way" it adds, "this republic is ordained  of God, and its president is by the grace of God. Nor does that mean that revolution is never right; for when governments by force overthrow the righteous and exalt the wicked,cease to be a terror to evilWorks and become a terror to good works, then the people are justified in `obeying God rather than man' and setting up a true government." * To avoid error on this subject it must be kept in mind that the Scripture says, "The powers that be are ordained of God," and not that the persons in power are so ordained. Civil government is ordained of God,,  but not the caprices and ambitions of a despot. All men are at all times and in all places responsible to God for their actions; but it is a well-established truth that a sense of responsibility to the people is the most effec-tive safeguard against misgovernment on the part of those in power. Nor does the ruler's sense of "awful,,  heavy responsibility" before God make government by a single mind a wiser and safer system than that in which governmental power is exercised by the wisdom and authority of many. Ł Civil government is not instituted to secure obedi-ence to God, but to preserve rights. But when the one in power feels that he holds his office by divine right, and is responsible to God alone, he very easily arrives at the conclusion that he is appointed to direct his subjects in spiritual affairs as well as in secular matters. The ruler's "sense of responsibility to God" is very sure to be more a theory than a fact, and a cloak for a more real sense of responsibility only to himself. There is no safety for the rights of the people outside of "govern-ment of the people, by the people." * * * SPEAKING of the religious school question in Japan, over which Protestant missionaries have for some time been in conflict with the civil authorities, the leading Methodist journal in the United States says that "If the schools would consent to make chapel attendance upon Bible classes voluntary, there would be little obstruction to other proceedings. It is to be 'hoped that by this time the Minister has made an open statement,allowing religious freedom. If not,since the matter is not merely a school question, but has assumed the character of a constitutional question, it is probable that the schools will feel called upon to cut off all connection with the government. We see that the law for controlling relig-ion, as recently submitted to the government for the Diet's approval, has been defeated by a vote of 121 to 100." It adds that the failure of the law to pass was a, "disappointment to the entire Christian body." * * Christian schools certainly need no "connection with 