164 AMERICAN SENTINEL. eioned his followers to tarry at Jerusalem until they were endued with power from "on high." Luke 24:49. Power to work for God must come from on high. Power from any other source can but mar and hinder his design. Had the church of God but been faithful to her mis Ł zion, the Pentecostal baptism would have followed and sanctified her work through all the ages. She would not then have needed to link herself with any earthly combination of forces, or lean on the arm of any earthly government for assistance. In the Baptist Union Assembly, held at Leeds, England, Sept. 27, 1899, the president, John Clifford, D. D., made use of the following statement in his ad-dress:Š Ł "We dare not let politics alone. They are part of our religion. We should be disloyal to the Bing of kings if we failed in,our duty to the state. The state is dear to us as the God-ordered instrument for the pro-motion of his rule of justice and peace and brotherhood; and it is one of our duties, first, to make the Parliament through which it acts really adequate for its work, and next, to 'use it so that the work may be well and faith-fully done." But God has not sent his church on a mission to Parliament. He gave his people command to go and preach the (gospel to every creature. The church has nothing to do with fitting the Parliament for its work, or in seeing that its work is well done. God has or-dained governmental power, for "the powers that be are ordained of God," so that the church can safely leave the work of putting the government right to the God who "rules in the kingdom of men." ' If the church would follow the commissionŠ"Feed my sheep"Šand ,look after the individual, God would surely look after the government. But the spirit in man that is constantly seeking for power, has led the church to cease her work of teaching to become a dic-tator. In this way she endeavors to dictate to earthly governments in order that they may do her bidding. But this plan is not of God. When Israel went down to Egypt for help she dis-connected herself from God, because the help she sought was not in God's plan. It is so with the church to-day. She has gone down to Egypt for help, but instead of receiving help from earthly powers, she has received a wound. "Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." "0 Israel, thou hast destroyed thyself; but in me is thine help." Hosea 13:9. Every bid that the church makes for temporal or civil' power will onlyprove a stumbling-block in the way of God's work. It would be much more effective for the church to get on her knees than put on her titles. She would accomplish much more by prayer to God than. prayer to Parliament. God has the Holy Spirit's power waiting for the church when she gets ready to receive it. A Proposed New Sunday Law for Baltimore. THE following Sunday bill has been introduced in the Maryland legislature by Representative Sanford, and active efforts are being made to secureits passage:Š "SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of Maryland, That Article IV. of the Code of Public Local Laws, title, City of Baltimore, subtitle, Sab-bath, be and the same is hereby amended by adding thereto the following sections, to follow immediately after Section 807: "807A. No person whatsoever shall do any work or bodily labor on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, and no person having children or servants shall com-mand or wittingly or willingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on said day, works of necessity or charity always excepted, nor suffer or permit any children or servants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting or unlawful pastime or recreation; every person transgressing this section to be punishable upon conviction before a Justice of the Peace by a fine of $5, to be applied to the use of the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore,provided, that it shall be lawful to do work or labor connected with or inciderital to the editing, publication or delivery of newspapers, the carriage of passengers in any car,vehicle, or elevator, the carriage of baggage of travelers, the transmission of messages, the polishing of boots and shoes, the baking of bread and preparation of meals. "807 B. No' person shall sell, dispose of, barter, or, if a dealer in any one or more of the articles of merchan-dise named in this section, give away on the Sabbath day, commonly called Sunday, any spirituous or fermented liquors, cordials, lager beer, wine, cider, or any other goods, wares or merchandise whatsoever; and any person violating any provision of this section is punishable by fine of not less than $20 nor more than $50 for the first offense; if convicted a second time of a violation of this section, 'by a fine of not less than $50 nor more than $500, and by imprisonment for not less than 10 nor more than 30 days, and his, her, or their license, if any were issued, shall be declared null and void by the court. "It shall not be lawful for such person or persons to obtain another license for the period of 12 months from the time of such conviction, nor shall a license be obtained by any other person or persons to carry on said business, on the premises or elsewhere, if the person so as aforesaid convicted has any interest whatever therein, or shall derive any profit therefrom; and if convicted more than twice of aviolatiOnof this section, such person or persons on each occasion shall be imprisoned for 'not lessthan 30 nor more than 60 days and fined a sum not less than double that imposed on the last preceding conviction, and, his, her or their license, if any were issued, shall be declared null and void by the court, and no new license shall be issued to such person or persons for a period of two years from the time of such conviction; nor to anyone else to carry on said business wherein he or she is in anywise interested, as before provided, for second viola_ Lion of the provisions of this section. One-half of all fines to be imposed under this section shall be paid to the State and the other half to the informer. This 