THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 53 respective parties, more than once asserted their spiritual claims by force of arms." Much more might be given to the same ef-fect. The struggle for place and power is not yet so openly shameless as it was in the days of Rome's decline; but once let the church, as a church, enter into politics, and the cli-max will be reached. The lesson which the thoughtful student of history will draw from this, is that men cannot be converted by the forms of religion, and that if the State is con-trolled by unprincipled men, a union of Church and State will simply result in the church's being controlled by the same wicked men. The unregenerated human nature that is in any man will make itself manifest whether he is in the church or out of it. E. J. W. ŁI Ł 4- "At It Again." THIS is the title of a very appropriate car-toon inserted in Puck for November 18, 1885. It represents the Pope with the triple crown on his head and himself crawling through the ballot-box, to pull down that clause in the Constitution which declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." Just above the crawling Pope, suspended from the wall, are extracts from the Papal Encyclical. 1. " Every Catholic should rigidly adhere to the teachings of the Roman pontiffs, espe-cially in the matter of modern liberty, which, already, under the semblance of honesty of purpose, leads to error and destruction." 2. "All Catholics must make themselves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live. They must penetrate wherever possible in the adminis-tration of civil affairs." 3. "All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States, and legislation, to be modeled on the princi-ples of the true church." With this picture the motto of Puck is very appropriateŠ" What fools these mortals be." In the coalition about to be formed between the Papists and the Protestants, this picture well represents the case. It is through the ballot-box that the National Reformers pro-pose to amend the Constitution. And the National Reformers well understand that they can do nothing of the kind without the aid of the Roman Catholics. The Roman Church looks to the subjugation of all earthly Govern-ments. This she has publicly stated many times, and, with a mixture of haughtiness and effrontery, she still urges forward her claims to political power, and to the right to dictate to politicians and statesmen and Governments what policy they shall pursue. That she has done this in time past, none will deny ; that kings and emperors have sat at the feet of the Pope and done his bidding, all history attests; but to a great extent this galling yoke was broken in the progress of liberty and Protestantism since the Reforma-tion. But now Protestantism proposes to undo all her past good deeds, by making religion an element in our national Constitu-tion; and this the proposed Amendment will in effect accomplish. They proclaim to the world their willingness and even their ardent  desire to cast this fire-brand of religious con-troversy into the arena of political strife, thus signifying to all that they wish to have a hand in once more inaugurating wars of extermination, similar to those of the Dark Ages, when Peter the Hermit preached exter-mination of the Turk, or such a war as the bigoted Philip of Spain confidently entered upon, when he built his huge ships and sent his Invincible Armada to frighten Queen Bess out of her Protestant ideas of allowing her little island to become a safe asylum for re-ligious refugees from the Inquisitions and Bastiles of the continent. The Sigismund of 1414, who violated his word with Huss and Jerome, and such mon-archs as Philip II. of Spain, decided in re-ligious controversy as to what church or what doctrines all should accept; and the Church of Rome is responsible in a large measure for the course pursued by kings and emperors and States of that age. When a church uses its influence to cor-rupt the State, that moment the church be-comes responsible to God for the blind, mis-taken course any Government will enter upon in the administration of religious affairs; and once established, laws of this kind will not be relinquished by the State without a struggle. Such power once attained is a boon to legis-lators who stoop to any device to gain honor, wealth, or preferment; hence such power as the Amendment to the Constitution of the United States proposes to vest in civil rulers, has dangerous precedents. Such power, the National Reformers affirm, was vested in the Hebrew State; and certainly all will admit it was evil when bad rulers administered it. So here, we cannot expect to elect good and holy men to the offices of Government; therefore, it will be with us as it was with Israel when Ahab reigned. Elijah will have to flee forty days' journey into the wilderness, and many Protestant amendment-ists will bitterly rue the day they amended the Constitution ; for the Government is al-ready under Papal rule to some extent, and it will be wholly so when the Amendment is carried out. Then will Protestant bigots realize the part they have acted in helping the Pope to crawl through the ballot-box. Well does one artist say, "At it again;" in other words, "History is repeating itself." JOSEPH CLARKE. IN a note on the annual meeting of the National Reform Association and its demand for national religion, the Christian at Work makes the suggestive remark' that "it is note-worthy that nothing is said as to the deterio-ration of religious life in the family, nor is any allusion made as to the means for sup-plying that deficiency." That is true. Like-wise there is nothing said of the deterioration of genuine godliness in the church. All the lack is in the hypothetical individual which they call the nation; that is the butt of all their complaints. They may plaster the na-tional Constitution all over with Religious Amendments, but such methods will never plant practical religion in the family nor sup- ply the lack of vital godliness in the church. They may plead that it is by increased godli-ness in the family and in the church that they expect to get the Religious Amendment to the Constitution. But it is not so. That association is making no effort to increase godliness in either the family or the church. Its methods and its aims are wholly politi-cal, not moral. And this movement being so largely indorsed by the churches is proof positive and confessed that those churches are powerless to do the work which God gave the church to do. Nor will a Constitutional Amendment supply the power. True, it will give the churches the power to force upon the ungodly their own form of godliness without the power, all which will only increase unto more ungodliness. And from all such people and their work the word of God commands to turn away. Look at 2 Tim. 3 : 1-5. The State, the Church, and the School. WE have received from the author, C. H. L. Schuette, A. M., a book entitled, " The State, the Church, and the School." It is quite a full and free discussion of each of these insti-tutions in itself, and in its relation to the others. He first discusses "The State "Š" Its Nature and Office," " Its Chief Arms," and " Its Sphere of Jurisdiction "Šand he does it well. Next he treats of "The Church" Šthe rights of religion, the " Essence and Forms " of the Church, " Its Object and Its Methods," "Limits and Powers of Action"Šand he does that well. Next he shows their " divinely ordered relation," and that too he does well. Next he discusses their "humanly ordered relation," which of course is their vital union. This he does, if anything, better than all. First he refutes, and splendidly, too, the arguments for their union, whether under the form of a particular church organ-ization, or under the form of Christianity as a whole. Then he presents a series of excellent arguments directly against any such union. Next we have not the least valuable chapter of the whole book,Šgiving copies of the sec-tions of the National Constitution, and of all the State constitutions that relate to religion. Then, last of all, he discusses "The School "Š" Parental Duties," " What It Is and Should Be," " Its Relation to State and Church," and "The American School "Šthis likewise he does well. At this our readers may wonder why we did not say at once that it is an excellent book, and so send forth our hearty commen-dation. Well, this we should have done had we found the book consistent wi IA itself. To use a familiar and homely illustration : It is all very well when we see a cow give a large quantity of excellent milk, but it is not at all well to see her lift her foot and kick it all over. It is a pleasure to read a sound treatise on an interesting subject, but it is most pain-ful, while reading such, to find your author suddenly turn a complete somersault mad sub-vert every principle which he has established, and labored to illustrate. And this is pre-cisely the predicament in which we found this 