THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 335 grant a dispensation to the Government to suspend its Sunday laws, and to the canal owners and la-borers to take advantage of it to prosecute Sunday labor. While such wholesale Sunday work as this goes without comment, and Protestant churches omit their Sunday evening meetings that their members may attend a dramatic performance given in benefit of the Roman Catholic church of the place, a poor artist is publicly censured in the village press for making pictures on Sunday. Such inconsistencies as these follow this movement every-where, and are in themselves sufficient to show its impropriety. THE "Pearl of Days" quotes a member of the Cen-tral Labor Union of Indianapolis, Ind., in refer-ence to the Sunday closing of barbers' shops, that, "the authorities should be required to do their duty in the enforcement of the law. The law should prevail." The main reasons given why it should prevail are that the Sunday closing em-ployers should be protected from the injurious competition of those who open on Sunday. Thus it is that selfish purposes are to be furthered by re-ligious laws, And the remarkable thing about it is that they are openly and unblushingly advo-cated as valid and sufficient, while the " Pearl of Days," and its compeers sees no incongruity. Is it because the things are not incongruous and they know it ? UNDER the title " Sunday Law in Germany," the Chicago Tribune has the following item:Š " The new Sunday laws in Germany went partly into effect July 1st, and do not appear to be giving satisfaction. Their intention was to reduce the hours of labor Sunday to a minimum, and to secure a larger church attendance of working people. They provided that in no case should Sun-day work extend beyond five hours, while from 10 to 12 in the morning and after 2 o'clock in the afternoon there should be no work whatever. In actual operation the effect seems to be to keep those workingmen who used to do a half-day's work Sunday in their shops, until 2 o'clock, instead of merely until noon as before, while they spend the time from 10 to 12 not in church, but in beer gardens and cabarets, till the embargoed hours pass and they can finish their work and go home. The church authorities in Berlin are already admit-ting that the laws have not increased the number of Sunday worshipers, though they have the num-ber of Sunday tipplers." AT a meeting of the World's Fair Commission in Chicago, on October 18, the resolution, passed at a former meeting, granting a special hearing on the Sunday closing question, October 19, was rescinded. The following resolution was offered, and laid on the table:Š "Resolved, By the World's Columbian Commis-sion, that while the Congress of the United States has taken the matter of closing the Exposition, Sunday, out of the hands of the Commission dur-ing the present, the right of petition, so sacred to American citizens, will remain, and realizing fully that the toiling millions of America are determined to be allowed one day of the week to see the won-ders of the World, that day being the one com-monly called Sunday, that the Commission petition Congress to rescind its action on this question." In order to obtain an official expression from the management of the World's Columbian Exposi-tion, a resolution was adopted asking the manage-ment if it had decided to accept the act of Con-gress making the appropriation with a Sunday closing proviso. In reference to this, a commissioner said that the management had virtually accepted it when it be-gan stamping the souvenir coins, and that it only remained for the National Commission to make Sunday closing rules for the Exposition, whether it wished to or not, because that was now its legal duty. THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS BY JOHN BUNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 100 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00. SOCIAL PURITY. BY J. Ii KELLOGG, M. D. Just from the press, a new and attractive edition of this popular little work, carefully re-vised, and with much fresh, excellent matter added. This is not a dry, dull homily, which will be thrown down by the reader before the middle of the first page is reached, but a live, vigorous, and " telling ' little work, written in the interests of pure morals and worthy citizenship. Nothing more chaste, concise, and effective in the line of social purity literature has ever been written. The special attention of all social purity organizations throughout the country is called to this work, Between one and two hundred thou-sand copies are already sold. Order largely and scatter widely, if you would preach to the people the gospel of clean living. 82 pages; single copy, 25 cents. Write for special terms per 100 on large orders. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth, 81.25. Sheep, 82.50. Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS. BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL FALLOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanisms, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim-inated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 513 pages, cloth, $1.00. REVELL'S IMPERIAL GLOBE ATLAS JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra; '75 cents. gav-The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING' COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, 1 4.3 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK. USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. We will send the Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, post-paid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history. Paper bound, 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. GEIKIE, D D This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The signs of the Times is a 16-page weekly religious journal, and will be furnished at the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year, post-paid, - - 81.50. In clubs of 10 and over to one address, - - 1.25. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - ($2) 8s. Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of al words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receiptst  letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter a at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, O. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. T. A. C. & G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. Of modern and ancient geography. Contain-ing 33 imperial quarto maps, with an index of 20,000 names. Size of page, 12 x 14. F u 11 cloth, $1.00. 