"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to ,ludge the World, but to Save the World.' VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JULY 5, 1894. NUMBER 27. American Sentinel. PUBLISEED 'WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO '1'. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENOER, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. - ------ THE Scripture was fulfilled; there had, as shown in those columns last week, come a falling away. Bur that there should come a falling away, was not all the prophecyŠthrough that falling away there was to be revealed "that man of sin," " the son of perdition," " the mystery of iniquity," " that wicked," who would oppose and exalt himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped ; and who, when he did appear, would con-tinue even till that great and notable eventŠthe second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. Š  REFERRING again to the scripture quoted last week from 2 Thess. 2 : 2, it is seen that self-exaltation is the spring of the devel-opment of this power. As that scripture expresses it, " He opposeth and exalteth himself." Or, as another scripture gives it, " He shall magnify himself in his heart." And another, " He magnified himself even to the Prince of the host "Šthe Lord Jesus Christ. And yet another, " He shall also stand up against the Prince of princes." That is, he shall reign, or assert authority above, and in opposition to, the authority of Christ; or, as the thought is developed by Paul, this power would oppose and exalt itself above all that is called God or that is worshiped, so that ho as God sitteth in the templeŠthe place of worshipŠof God, showing himself that he is God. REFERRING also again to the instruction of Paul to the elders who met him at Miletus, there is seen a prophecy of this same spirit of self-exaltation,Ša wish to gain disciples to themselves instead of to Christ. They would prefer themselves to Christ, thus at once putting themselves above him, in opposition to him. And this would be developed from among the bishops. " Of your own selves shall men  arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them." THIS spirit of self-exaltation was actively manifested in opposition to the apostle John while he was yet alive, for he says : "I wrote unto the church; but Diotre-phes, who loveth to have the preeminence among them, receiveth us not." 3 John 9. ACCORDING to the word of Christ, there is no such thing as preeminence, or mas-tership, or sovereignty of position, among men in the church. There was once an argument among his disciples as to who should be counted the greatest, and Jesus called them unto him and said : " Ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them; and their great ones exercise authority upon them. But so shall it not be among yOU: but whosoever will be great among you, shall be your minister : and whoso-ever among you will be the chiefest, shall be servant of all. For even the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give his life a ransom for many." Mark 10:42-45. AND in warning his disciples of all times against the practice of the scribes and Pharisees of that time, who were but the popes of their day, he says they " love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues, and greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi. But be not ye called Rabbi; for one is your master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren. . . Neither be ye called masters : for one is your mas-ter,Ł Oven Christ. But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant. And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted." Matt. 23 : 6-12. IN the church each member has the same rights as any other member; but for the good of all and the mutual benefit of all concerned, as well as better to carry on his work in the world, the Lord has established his church, and with it a sys-tem of church order in which certain ones are chosen to exercise certain functions for the mutual benefit of all in the organ- ization. These officers are chosen from among the membership by the voice of the membership. Of these officers there are two classes, and two only,Šbishops and deacons. This is shown by Paul's letter to the Philippians Š " Paul and Timotheus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons." Chap. 1:1. BISHOPS are sometimes called elders; but the same office is always signified. When Paul gave directions to Titus in this matter, he said : " For this cause left I thee in Crete, that thou shouldest set in order the things that are wanting, and ordain elders in every city, as I had ap-pointed thee: if any be blameless. . . . For a bishop must be blameless, as the steward of God." Titus 1:5-7. This is further shown in Acts 20, to which we have before referred; when Paul had called unto him to Miletus " the elders of the church " of Ephesus, among other things he said to them: " Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers,"ŠepiskopoiŠbishops. PETER also writes to the same effect: " The elders which are among you I exhort, who am also an elder, and a wit-ness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be re-vealed : feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind; neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensomples to the flock." 1 Peter 5: 1-3. This text not only shows that the terms " elder " and " bishop " refer to the same identical office, but it shows that Peter counted himself as one among them; and that not only by his precept but by his example he showed that in this office, al-though overseers they were not overrulers or lords. SUCH is the order in the Church of Christ, and as every Christian is God's freeman and Christ's servant, it follows as has been well stated, that "monarchy in spiritual things does not harmonize - EDITORS. 