AMERICAN SENTINEL. 197 tablished here, a national religion, with maintenance of the discipline of the churches by the civil power, the require-ment of the religious oath and the reli-gious test-oath, and public taxation for " the worship of God," and for ".the sup-port and maintenance of public Protestant teachers of religion." The wicked thing grows rapidly as it goes. "The Gentleman from South Carolina." A POSTAL card has been received at this office, postmarked South Carolina, and signed, "A South Carolina Man," bearing these words, " Your criticism, June 9th, No. 23, of Hon. Geo. Johnstone is unjust and wrong." If this gentleman from South Carolina will obtain copies of the Congressional Record of the dates of May 26 and 27, and read the report there published of the pro-ceedings of the House, while in consider-ation of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair as asked by the amendment, proposed by Mr. Johnstone, to the clause in refer- ence to the Government exhibit at the World's Fair in the sundry civil appro- priation bill, he will there find a record such as would justify a far sharper criti-cism of the course of the Representative from South Carolina, in this matter, than has appeared, or will appear, in this paper. At this time the House had under con- sideration the matter of further appropri-ation for expenditures necessary to the Government exhibit at the Exposition. The general management of the Fair was not under discussion in any particular. The subject matter brought to the atten-tion of the House was confined to the ex- hibit to be made by the Government, and that alone. And yet, ignoring this fact, Mr. Johnstone offers an amendment, " That no part of the amount hereby appropriated shall be available unless the doors of the Exposition shall be closed on Sunday." Mr. Johnstone's intent, by this amendment, was to make the United States Government say to the World's Fair Managers that although Government appropriations to a large amount had al-ready been made both for the Fair in gen-eral and also for the individual exhibit of the Government, yet if the Fair should be opened on Sunday the Government would forfeit all this and refuse to make its in- dividual exhibit. Mr. Johnstone's own words show that this is what he intended, for, in replying to Mr. Taylor, of Illinois, he said :Š As this paragraph relates to the exhibit to be made by the Government of the United States, this limitation upon the appropriation would sim-ply mean that this exhibit by 'the Government shall not be made unless the World's Fair corpora-tion consents to have the Exhibition remain closed on Sunday. And again in another place :Š The amendment if adopted would simply mean that the agents of the Federal Government, be-fore they could get the use of this money, would have to get an agreement from the World's Fair corporation that the fair should be closed on Sun-day during the Exhibition. And yet again in still another place :Š The point I desire to emphasize by my amend-ment is that this appropriation of money of the American people should not be expended at all un-less the institution upon which, or in connection with which, this fund is to be expended shall be closed on Sunday. And again, at the close of the second day's discussion when the substitute offered by Mr. Dockery, " That the Government exhibits at the World's Columbian Ex- position shall not be opened to the public on Sundays," had been adopted, Mr. John-stone, in his zeal to condition the exhibit of the Government upon the Sunday clos-ing of the entire Fair, offered his previous proposition as an amendment to the sub-stitute, even after that had been passed as the completed action upon the subject and there was nothing before the House. Mr. Johnstone's zeal in this matter is shown by the Record which names him as being on his feet thirty-seven times in the course of this discussion. Mr. Johnstone offered the proposition; he assumed the responsibility of precipitating the discus-sion of this question upon the House, and just as far as he could he showed his dis-satisfaction with that which was done in the matter, although it differed from that which he wished done, not in kind, but only in degree. The kind of legislation asked, and which was secured, is religions legislation. Is legislation upon religious questions contrary to the Constitution of the United States as it was established, or is it not ? If it is, as none will deny, Con-gress was estopped by the Constitution from legislating at all upon the. Sunday question; and Mr. Johnstone with one hundred and thirty other Congressmen not only ignored an express provision of the Constitution, but Mr. Johnstone at-tempted to delude Congress into inserting in an appropriation bill a measure indi-rectly compelling the Managers of the World's Fair to themselves yield obedi-ence also to a religious edict formulated by Congress and made an essential part of the appropriation for its own exhibit. If Mr. Johnstone's course in this mat-ter were really being made a subject of critical examination, what characteriza-tion could be used which would do him wrong or injustice ? w. H. M. Union or Not? IN a lecture not long since, Rev. Joseph Cook wished it understood that he did not believe in the " union of Church and State." The fact is, people, generally, seem to have learned enough about reli-gious liberty to know that Church and State must be kept separate; but very few understand the real meaning of these terms. Mr. Cook went on to say that Sunday ought to be kept more holy, and he wanted a law to compel people to keep it; others have desired the same. Now, do these people understand the meaning of " Church ' and " State ?" Since they be-lieve the Bible, consistency requires that they accept all of it, as it is. What is the scriptural idea of this subject ? Where does the Bible draw the line between the author-ity of God and of earthly governments and our allegiance to both ? Christ said to the Jews (Matt. 22: 21;) "Render, therefore, unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Caesar, standing at the head of the uni-versal empire of Rome, was the represent-ative of all earthly governments. He had a right to control many things, but Christ limited civil power when he com-manded, " Render unto God the things that are God's." According to this plain direction, Caesar is not to come between the people and their duty to God in any-thing. The Church, i. e. the people of God, are doing God's work on the earth; so far as they do it and he accepts it they represent him, just as our ministers to foreign countries represent the United  States Government which indorses the the work of its foreign representatives as though done by itself. Christ gave his Church definite direc-tions about treating offenders. The ex-treme penalty of the law was not to be fines, imprisonment, etc. ; for as the Church is spiritual, so is all its work. " Let him be unto thee as an heathen man and a publican." " Whatsoever ye (the Church) shall bind on earth shall be bound in hea-ven : and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." Matt. 18: 17, 18. Jesus did not give this power to the civil authority ; on the contrary, Paul reproved his brethren for going to law before unbelievers. The people of God are appointed to control the things of God, entirely exclusive of Caesar or any worldly power; and when civil au-thorities legislate regarding anything re-ligious they unite their (State) power to the power of the Church, and there is a union of State and Church. Our Saviour, who is our example, refused to interfere with the authority that rightfully belongs to the courts of justice. Said he to one, regarding his earthly inheritance, "Who made me a judge or divider over you ? " Thus did Christ draw the line sharply and unmistakably between the things of God and those of Caesar. To ascertain if any particular instance is a union of Church and State, we have but to inquire, Is it of a religious character ? Whether it is right or wrong makes no difference. If it is religious the law must , not touch it. We may trust the Lord to take care of all that belongs to him. What about keeping Sunday ? We have only to decide whether the Sunday Sab-bath is a religious institution, or merely a civil one, like the Fourth of July, or Decoration Day. It is evident that Mr. Cook does not want a civil Sabbath, since he is calling for a more holy (religious) observance of the day. A law to compel people to keep it holy, unites the two es-sential points of Church and State; and while Mr. Cook blindly asserts that he does not want them united, he is at the same time pleading for it. M. E. STEWARD. A Faithful Press and a False Pulpit. AT this particular time it is more than ever essential that newspapers should be conducted by Christian men, guided and controlled by Christian principles and convictions. The pulpit in several con-spicuous instances has gone utterly astray in its teachings. Instead of proclaiming the great principles of Christianity and thus glorifying God, it is disseminating satanic doctrines ruinous to the soul. It is betraying the cause which it was ap-pointed to defend. Ministers of the gospel are showing that their hearts are hardened to its teachings and that their minds have become so far perverted that they can not perceive its sublime philosophy. They are teaching men doctrines which are subversive of the foundations of the moral order and destructive of every valuable safeguard of social virtue. They are justifying anarchy and every crime which men can commit against society. They say that because Parkhurst's mo-tives were to expose crime, he was right in himself committing a crime against the moral law. They justify him in de-ceiving, tempting, and hiring harlots to make a shameful exhibition of themselves before him in order that he might betray 