302 SIMNrr VoL. 11, No. 38. I said: "Let go of the officer's club." The prisoner said : " No; if I do he will kill me. Help I Murder!" Blood was running down over the prisoner's face. The walls of the cell were spattered with blood, and there was blood on the floor. "What did you hit him for?" I asked Sullivan. " To make him confess the name of his accomplice," said Sullivan. We do not believe that this savage police- man and his assistant will be allowed again to wear the uniform of this city. Bat is their punishment to be merely dismissal? Can an outrage so shocking pass unnoticed by the public prosecutor? Another portion of Captain Moynihan's testimony seems to us to warrant further and different investigation. He said to Sul-livan :Š " Get away from me. I want no communication with you. You are a disgrace to the force, and the commissioners want no such men under them." Then Sullivan went up to Ono Hundred and Twenty-fifth Street and got a priest to come and talk with me. Perhaps the people generally might like to know the name of this priest, and what he found in the case that made clerical interfer-ence necessary. MONKS WHO OWN MILLIONS. [From the Chicago Record.] IF boasts of Canadians are well founded, the two wealthiest institutions in America are the Bank of Montreal and the Seminary of St. Sulpice. They both stand upon the little square known as Place d'Armes, where Maisonneuve, the founder of the city, had a hand-to-hand fight with the savages and which for nearly two centuries was the common bur-ial place of the pioneers. The Bank of Mon-treal dates from 1817 and has ever been the first financial institution of the country. It has branches all over the world. The Seminary of St. Sulpice is much older, and was founded in 1641 by Jean Jacques Oiler. The venerable structure at present occupied dates from 1657, and is as quaint an example of monastic architecture as can be found in America, north of Peru. Beside it stands the church of Notre Dame, which is under the charge of Stilpician monks, the most elaborate and perhaps the largest eccles-iastical structure in North America. It will seat 10,000 persons without crowding and can accommodate 6,000 more .It has the fin-est chimes of bells in America, the largest known as Le Gros Bourbon, weighing 26,000 pounds. I believe there are only two larger in use in the world. The exterior of Notre Dame is plain and severe, but the interior is excessively ornate. The wealth of the Sulpician monks is vari-ously estimated from $20,000,000 to $50,000,-000, but it is impossible for any one outside the order to obtain any accurate knowledge on that subject. They employ a man of business to look after their financial affairs and collect their rents, and he requires the assistance of twelve clerks and bookkeepers. There are only sixty corporate members of the order, and that number is never exceeded. If one of the brothers dies the vacancy is filled from among the ordinary brethren by some proceeding known only to themselves. It is a very close corporation, and the Canadians regard it with mysterious awe. In addition to the seminary for the education of priests, the Sulpicians have several other schools, a hospital, and an asylum in Montreal, and they have colleges in Baltimore and Ellicot Mills, Md. They own one of the biggest  banks in Canada, the finest business property in the city of Montreal belongs to them, and they are said to have very large investments in the United States, besides a vast amount of well-payingsecurities stacked away in their vaults. They are certainly the richest reli-gious order in the world. LETTER FROM TENNESSEE. Dillton, Rutherford County, Tenn. Sept. 13, 1896. MR. C. P. BOLLMANŠDear Brother: Yours of the 6th received and read with much in-terest. I am trusting in the promises of God for grace and strength to do his will. I am fully assured that the blessed promise of my Saviour will not fail me in the time of trial in court. I can truly say that I love my neighbors and I love my God; and I am certain that I have not harmed anyone, nor disturbed anyone, nor hindered anybody from worshiping God as he believed. I told my neighbors soon after coming here that my faith led me to work on the first day of the week, and that I did not work to defy the law or to show disrespect to them, but out of respect to God and his requirements. I also told them that I desired to live a neigh-bor in the fullest sense of the termŠin sick-ness and every other way; and I have so lived and have done as I would wish to be done by. My neighbors do not find any fault with me, only they think I ought to keep two days if I must keep Saturday. I have, however, made some good staunch friends here. The work complained of has been common farm work. I hauled corn fodder one Sun-day last fall. It was damp and just right to handle without breaking and wasting. I worked at clearing in the winter a few times on Sunday, but it was a long distance from anybody's house or public road, at least from sixty to eighty rods, and surrounded almost entirely by a dense growth of timber and brush. I have plowed some in one field that could be seen from the public road, the work being about thirty rods from the road. My nearest neighbor lived in sight of this field, but says he was not disturbed and did not know that I was in the field. All my work has been done in good faith that I was doing right according to the Bible, and did not disturb any of my nearest neighbors; at least they have so stated to me. However, some of my distant neighbors have com-plained, and said I ought to be whipped. I also hauled wood from my clearing to my own yard, but it was not in sight of any house or road but my own. A. neighbor came through our premises, and thereby saw me hauling and plowing, and visited and talked pleasantly with me. Mr. Byron Freeman, whose name appears on the indictment as prosecutor, came to me a few days ago and said he did not know that his name was on the indictment as prosecutor. He said he did not want 'anything to do with it, and did not even want to appear against me as a witness, but could not help himself. Mr. J. L. Yearwood is the man that came through and saw me plowing and hauling wood at different times, and he has told me that he had to appear before the Grand Jury against his will; and when they asked him if he saw me hauling wood, he told them yes, but that it was no more than he had done on Sunday himself. So it appears that it is some of my distant neighbors that have made the complaint and caused me all this trouble. But I am not troubled about it; Matt. 5:  10-12 is a consolation just now. The good Lord is giving me grace sufficient, so I praise his name, and rejoice in full assurance of the great reward that is promised to those that suffer for his sake. B. A. PHILPOTT. NEWS AND NOTES. THE New Orleans Times-Democrat, of September 14, announces that the Sunday law was enforced at the suburban resorts at that city the previous Sunday for the first time since the act was passed in 1886. THE " Woman's Sunday League," of New York City, have begun a crusade against Sunday trade in stores. On a recent Monday a dealer in dry goods was fined $10 for selling a handkerchief on the pre-vious day. " FOR every dollar spent by the United States for religion, twelve are spent for drink." Such is the estimate made by Dr. Carroll, editor of the Independ-ent. What better proof could be wanted that the United States is truly a " Christian nation " I FREDERICK HERDER, a poor man, residing in the Jewish settlement of Carmel, N. J., was arrested on the 14th inst. for selling watermelons on Sunday, the 13th. The press report of the case states that "the old blue laws" were invoked by the complainant, Henry Miller, against Herder. Judge Williams fined the latter $10 and costs, which the prisoner was un-able to pay. Hence he was sent to jail, where he re-mained until his wife managed to secure the money. AT Deruyter, N. Y., the Board of Education have passed a resolution discontinuing all religious exer-cises in the public schools. This action was in re-sponse to a protest against such exercises which had been made by a resident of the place, the law of the State requiring that such protest must be heeded. The Board stated that they took the step with deep regret. The protesting citizen averred that the pro-test was called forth by a recent attempt to coerce pu-pils into attendance at these exercises. THE pulpit politicians of the country continue to wax fiercely eloquent before their Sunday congrega-tions in the discussion of the monetary issue of the campaign. Press reports of "sermons" delivered Sunday, the 13th inst., by prominent clergymen in New York City, Brooklyn and Jersey City, furnish reading which in point of dignity and freedom from personalities is far below the level of the campaign speeches of the leading political candidates. One Brooklyn clergyman, the Rev. Cortland Myers, pastor of the Baptist Temple, went so far as to say that the Democratic platform was " made in hell," and that " Altgeld and his comrades were the stenographers of his satanie majesty." Their remarks were greeted at intervals with "laughter" and "applause" from their congregations. THE question as to whether Jews in New York City should be allowed to work on Sunday was decided in the affirmative by City Magistrate Cornell, Sept. 14. A number of Jewish establishments had been visited the preceding Sunday and Saturday by detectives under instructions from the chief of police, and three arrests were made for the purpose of testing the le-gality of such work. It was claimed that the prison-ers had worked both Saturday and Sunday, but the latter denied this, saying that the Saturday work was done by their business partners. The magistrate said that the section of the Criminal Code which covered the cases provided that a man can work on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, provided he kept the day set apart by his religion. Under this ruling the prisoners were discharged. 