AMERICAN SENTINEL. 267 Ireligion in the public schools; that the object of the instruction is not "the spiritual welfare of-the children," but "for the benefit of the State This argument appears very plausible, but it is utterly fallacious. The supreme difficulty with such a view is that it wholly robs religion of its divine sanctions and replaces them only with civil sanctions. It robs religion of its eternal purposes and makes it only a temporal expedient. From being a plan devised by divine wisdom to secure the eternal salvation of the soul, Christian-ity is, by this scheme, made a mere human de-vice to effect a political purpose. And for the State to give legal and enforced sanction to the idea that the Christian religion and the belief and practice of its principles are only for temporal advantage, is for the State to put an immense premium,uwn hypocrisy. But there is entirely too muclY of this already. There is already en-_ tirel t..  0;3 liti tan hut and systen very the b one who is doing right; and so people in estimat-ing his character will not compare his life with the commandments to see if he is obeying them, but will simply measure his bank account; and no matter how vile he has been, or by what unjust methods he may have obtained his wealth, he will be considered righteous. And so we have another indisputable proof that this Sunday movement is unchristian, and tends only to immorality. We know that in ancient times the idea pre-vailed that the possessioh of wealth was a sign of the divine blessing. This idea was firmly fixed in the minds of the ancient Pharisees. So firmly did they believe it that many of them made it the great point in their lives to get wealth, regard-less of the means by whicha was acquired. And while continually transgressing the divine com-mandment in acquiring their wealth, they would point to, the possession of that wealth as the evi-dence that they were righteous, and that God loved them. There are Pharisees enough in the world now, but Col. Shepard and the Association to which he belongs are doing their best to make E. J. w. Religion and the Public Schools. FEBRUARY 15, 1889, there was held a hearing before the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor upon the Blair resolution, to teach the principles of the Christian religion in all the public schools of the Nation. At that time there appeared before the committee, Rev. T. P. Stevenson, of Philadelphia, corresponding secretary of the National Reform Association ; Rev. James M. King, D. D., of New York, rep resenting the American branch of the Evangeli-cal Alliance ; Rev. George K. Morris, D. D., of Philadelphia; Rev. W. M. Glasgow, of Baltimore;-Rev. J. M. McCurdy, of Philadelphia; C. R. Blackall; and W. M. Morris, M. D., of Philadel-phiaŠall these in favor of the resolution. Again, on February 22; there was. a hearing before the committee on the sane resolution. At that time there appeared Rev. Dr. Philip Moxom, Rev. Dr. James B. Dunn, Rev. Dr. James M. GrayŠthese three being a sub-committee from the Boston Committee of one himdred ; Rev. Dr. J. H. Beard, Rev. T. P. Stevenson, and others, all in favor of the resolution. Against it there were Rev. J. 0. Corliss and Alonzo T. Jones, editor of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. The follow-ing is Mr. Jones' argument:Š Mr. Chairman, there is a point or two not yet touched upon which I wish to notice in the little time that I shall have. I gather from the letter from the author of this resolution to the secretary of the National Reform Association that the in-tention of this proposed amendment is primarily for the benefit of the State; that the object of the teaching of religion in the odic schools is not to be given with the view of fitting the children for heaven, nor of making them Chris-tians; but that it is rather and more particularly to fit them for this world and to make them good citizens; that it is not religion which needs the support of the State so much as it is the State which needs the support of religion. This is the view held, I know, by some of the principal mem-bers of the National Reform Association, as, for instance, President Julius H. Seelye and Judge M. B. Hagans. These have expressed it that it is only as a political factor, and its worth only according to its "political value," that the State proposes to secure and enforce the teaching of oI yin and Holy --can e. ns at once carries us the realm of conscience, upon the plane of the spiritual, and it can be secured only by spiritual forces, none of which have ever been committed to the State, but to the church only. But right here there comes in an argument presented to me by a United States Senator in this Capitol, one who is in favor of this proposed amendment, too. He was speaking in favor of the amendment. I had said that religious in-struction belongs wholly to the parents and to the churchŠthat the State cannot give it because it has not the credentials for it. He replied in these words:Š " But when the family fails and the church fails, the State has to do something. " The answer to this is easy :Š (1) To the family and to the church and to these alone the Author of the Christina religion has committed the work of teaching that religion, and if these fail, the failure is complete. (2) The statement of the Senator implies that the State is some sort of an entity so entirely dis-tinct from the people who compose it that the State can do-for the people what they cannot do for themselves. But the State is made up only of the people who compose the State. The church likewise is made up of such of these as voluntarily choose to enter her fold. To the church is committed the Spirit of God and the ministrations of the word of God, by which only the inculcation of the Christian religion can be se-cured. Then, the people composing the State, and the families composing the people, and the propagation of religion and the credentials for it . being committed only to the family and the church, by this it is again demonstrated -that cent. on his investment. This shows a gain of thirty-six per cent. for Sunday observance. And then the question was asked, "Which is better, for a man to work on Sunday and make fourteen per cent. or to rest on Sunday and make fifty per cent. Anyone will say the latter is better." We are not at all convinced that Mr. Shepard's mathematical calculations are correct, but let that pass. The question that at once arose in our mind was this: If Sunday-keeping pays pecun-iarily, and if it can be demonstrated that a mer-chant or a manufacturer can make thirty-six per cent. more by resting on Sunday than by working, what need is there to ask the government to pass laws making it a crime for working on Sunday? Are the merchants and mannfacturers in the United States so blind to their own business in-terests, so obtuse, so dull where dollars and cents are concerned, that they cannot be made to see the gain there is in Sunday observance? and, seeing it, would they deliberately choose a small per cent. in preference t a very large per cent? We are forced to conclude that there is either something wrong with Mr. Shepard's mathemat-ics or with his position as president of the Ameri-ican Sabbath Union. But this is not the worst feature of the case. The pernicious effect of such teaching as that of Mr. Shepard cannot be seen now, but it will be demonstrated in time. The only argument he presented in the course of the whole evening (and his discourse was on Sunday evening too) was that there would be pecuniary profit in resting on Sunday,Šthat Sunday-keeping would invariably bring prosperity, and that Sunday-breaking would as invariably result in financial ruin. Now any person of common sense knows that this is not so; but that is not the point. People do not al-ways use their common sense, and that idea of Mr. Shepard's is getting to be quite common. Now couple this with another statement that he made in the same discourse. Said he, " It is useless for any one to claim that the Sabbath [by which he meant Sunday, of course] has any rights, except as they plant themselves on the divine command-Ł ment." He had already stated that the fourth commandment was the first commandment with blessing, and the only blessing that he made ref-erence to was financial prosperity. Therefore the natural conclusion from his talk would be that the only blessing that is connected with the fourth commandment is temporal. Still further : It is not a fact that obedience to the commandments of God will invariably bring temporal prosperity. In fact, it is most often the opposite, and'has been so from time immemorial. The Psalmist recorded his feeling when he saw the prosperity of the wicked, seeing they were not in trouble as other men were, while the righteous were Cast down. Everybody knows that some of the richest men in the world have been profligate, often base, grinding the poor, and have obtained their wealth by the most dishonorable methods, and have trampled upon every principle of' right and justice. But let such teaching as that of Colonel Shepard become generally accepted, and what will be the result? Simply that the posses-sion of great wealth will be taken as an expression of divine favor. The man who is enormously wealthy will be taken as a special favorite of Heaven. Let it be accepted that keeping the commandments necessarily results in worldly pros-perity, while a violation of them results in em-barassment and ruin, and there can be no -other conclusion but that the.. man who is rich is the more. 