AMERICAN SENTINEL. 19 "New Jersey has a law which makes an exception of those keeping the seventh day as the Sabbath; and yet in my own State this last winter the seventh-day people who had observed the day strictly, and who opened their stores or places of business in a quiet manner upon the first day of the week, were visited by the chief of police, and told that if they did not close their places of busi-ness upon the first day, they would be arrested, . . . Therefore in those States where there is an exemption the people are not always protected." And this in itself is in exact accord with statements made on this subject in former times. In July, 1887, there was a joint convention of the National Reform Association and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union (not a national convention), held at Lakeside,  Ohio. Upon this subject of exemption, in that conven-tion David McAllister of the National Reform Associa-tion, who then, and for years, worked hand in hand with the W. C. T. U. everywhere, in national and other con-ventions (and who no doubt, is doing so yet), said,;-- "Let a man be what he may,ŠJew, seventh-day observer of some other denomination, or those who do not believe in the Christian Sabbath,Šlet the law apply to every one, that there shall be no public desecration of the first day of the week, the Christian Sabbath, the day of rest for the nation. They may hold any other day of the week as sacred, and observe it; but that day, which is the one day' in seven for the nation at large, let that not be publicly desecrated by any one, by officer in the government, or by private citizen, high or low, rich or poor." This is sufficient to give to the N. W. C. T. U., and to the public, a good understanding of the nature and operation of "the usual exemption for these who keep the Sabbath day," which, by resolution, the N. W. C. T. U. has voted to "favor." Need it seem strange to the N. W. C. T. U. that "those who keep the Sabbath day" will probably not be very enthusiastic helpers in obtaining such exemption? Should it seem to them strange that our co-operation might be found lacking? But while, in the nature of things, we can not co-operate in the endeavor to secure such exemption, we will constantly do our best, in a perfectly plain but altogether respectful way, to make plain to the W. C. T. U. just what is involved in Sunday laws, whether with or without exemptions. That is why we write this. We gladly do the women of the W. C. T. U. the justice to say that we believe they do not in any degree realize the true character of Sunday laws whether with' or without exemptions; and that they do not discern the true issue that is before the N. W. C. T. U. We believe that if they did discern this, they would be far from doing what they have dOne, and are doing, in that connection. We hope that they will candidly consider the whole mighty ques- tion that is now before them. A. T. J. THE state has no right to attach its penalties to one side or the other of a disputed question in religion. Government by a "Single Mind." SOME time ago, in these columns, we queried as to how long this country could remain a republic, a go' -ernment of the people by the people, and at the same time work hand in hand with two monarchies in world affairs. In Harper's Weekly of December 30, 1899, there is printed a long argument by one of the regular staff of the Weekly, in favor of a one-man power in the Govern-ment of the United States. The material of the article is derived from the subject of treaties. The writer advocates "understandings" rather than treaties with foreign powers. He cites the fact that treaties which had been arranged satisfactorily by the executives of the powers concerned "fell before clamor," or "fell by the refusal of the Senate to ratify; " and then says:Š " Perhaps this bit of our recent history illustrates as well as any other the reason why an American'execu-tive, bent on accomplishing an object through co-opera-tion with a foreign power, would prefer an unformulated understanding rather than face the almost certain de-feat involved in the submission of a treaty to the Senate." But when it is a government of the people why should an American executive be bent on accomplishing an object himself alone with the voice of the people or in spite of the voice of the people? In such case he is not an executive of the government of the people, but the executive of, his own will. He alone becomes the gov-ernment; and whatsoever does not conform to his per-sonal will can have no place. And that is nothing but the advocacy of a one-man power. The National Constitution has settled it that trea-ties shall be made "by and with the advice and consent of the Senate." By the Constitution the executive has no power at all in any matter of treaties, apart from the Senate; and he has no right to have or to exercise any will of his own in the subject. Here are the words: "He [the executive] shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the 'Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds of the senators present concur." If the Senate advises contrary, or refuses to consent, that is nothing to him: he has no further responsibility in the matterŠprovided that he cares anything for the Constitution, provided that he cares anything for the voice of the people through their chosen representatives, provided he recognizes government of the people by the people. But if he cares nothing for all this, and is "bent on accomplishing an object" himself according to his own will, Constitution or no Constitution, Senate or no Senate, people or no people, then if the Senate refuses consent, he will resent it and do the thing anyhow, by agreement or understanding; or if he thinks he has reason to suppose that the senate will not consent,then he will execute his own will through an understanding 