394 ..,,t1VIIMEtir CAN SIP:1NrrliNE.11L., VOL. 9, No. 50. Arkansas," and New Jersey " join the controversy and remark, " The Christian Sabbath " is " the first day of the week." Colorado '째 puts it a little differently and asserts that " the Sabbath or Lord's day " is " the first day of the week." Florida, " Illinois," Indiana," Iowa," Kansas," and Wisconsin " in concert declare, " The Sab-bath day" is "the first day of the week." Maine" is very definite, and says, " The Lord's day" is "the first day of the week," and "includes the time between twelve o'clock on Saturday night and twelve o'clock on Sunday night." Massachusetts " does not say which day is the " Lord's day," but clearly infers that it is not " the seventh day; " and Virginia" and West Virginia " in like manner infer that " the Sabbath day" is not "the seventh day." Minnesota," in explaining her position, remarks, " The first day of the week being by general consent set apart for rest and religious uses, the law prohibits the doing on that day of certain acts. . . . A violation of the foregoing prohibitions is Sabbath-breaking." Missouri" agrees with Minnesota, and states that "to labor or perform any work" " on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is " Sabbath-breaking." Nebraska" agrees with Missouri. Geor-gia," Mississippi," and South Carolina " all agree that " the Sabbath day " is "Sunday," and Tennessee adds that the seventh day is one of the " week days." Vermont " asserts that " any person who, between twelve o'clock Saturday night and sunset on the following Sunday, exercises any business or employment" is guilty of " Sabbath-breaking." North Dakota and South Dakota " are still more emphatic, and say, " Doing servile labor on the first day of the week " is " Sabbath-breaking," and one of the " crimes against religion." Seventh-day Adventists again look at their Bibles and notwithstanding all this testimony from human law, the law of God still reads, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord." They appeal to the United States Cir-cuit Court, but that court says it cannot interfere. And before they can get their case before the Supreme Court of the United States, this tribunal of last resort decides unanimously that " this is a Chris-tian nation," and as one proof cites the very " Sabbath laws " " which oppress them and which declare that the first 4  Acts and n solutions of the General Assembly of theState of Arkansas, 1887, p. 12, sec. 1. 12  Revision of the Statutes of New Jersey, 1877, p. 1227, sec. I. 10  Criminal code of Colorado, 1843, chap. 25, sec. 189; and chap. 64, sec. 18. '7  Laws (if Florida, 1881, chap. 70, sec. 9. "Revised statutes of Illinois, 1889, chap. 38, sections 259 and 261. " Revised statutes of Indiana, 1888, sec. 2,000. 20  McLain's "Annotated Code and Statutes," 1888, vol. 2, chap. 12, sec. 5,438. 21 General statutes, vol. 1, 1889, sections 2,395 and 2,396. 22  Annotated statutes of Wisconsin, 1889, chap. 2,310, sec. 4,593. 22  Revised statutes of Maine, 1883, chap. 124, sections 22 and 23. 24 General statutes of Massachusetts, chap. 98, sections 2 and 13. " Code of Virgipia, 1887, p. 900, sections 3,799 3,800. 2째 Code of West Virginia, second edition, 1887, chap. 149, sec- tions 16 and 17. 27  General statutes of Minnesota, 1888, vol. 2, chap. 1, sections 222 and 223. " Revised statutes of Missouri, 1889, vol. 1, chap. 47, sec. 8,852. " Compiled statutes of Nebraska, 1885, chap. 23, sec. 241. a째 Code of the State of Georgia, 1882, p. 1196, sec 4,578. ',Revised code of Mississippi, 1880, chap. 77, sec. 2,949. 22 Code of South Carolina, vol. 2, chap. 61, sec. 3,782. " Revised code of Vermont, 1881, chap. 202, sec. 4,315. " Compiled laws of Dakota, 1887. Under crimes against re- ligion, sec. 6,241. "United States Supreme Court decision, Trinity Church case, Feb. 29, 1892. day of the week is the Sabbath day or the Lord's day. Closely following this decision the Con-gress of the United States, in violation of the Constitution, takes sides with the States and joins in declaring that "the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday 7  " is the Sabbath; a thing it had for a hundred years refused to do and which the 'United States Senate said if done would constitute "a legal decision of a religious controversy " 37 and lay the foundation for "that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World." " When in 1829 the Senate of the United States was petitioned to enact a law en-forcing the observance of the "Sabbath or first day of the week," the Senate an-swered by committee report: " With these different religious views [" the seventh day is the Sabbath" and "the first day is the Sabbath "], the committee are of the opinion that Congress cannot interfere. It is not the legitimate province of the legislature to determine what religion is true and what is false." " Notwithstand-ing these solemn warnings the Congress of the United States ill 1892 took sides with the several States and with the Su-preme Court in deciding that the claim that the first day of the week is the Sab-bath is true and that the claim that the seventh day is the Sabbath is false. After all this has been done the demand is made that Seventh-day Adventists, by the act of resting on the first day of the week, shall assent to, and thereby teach, the doctrine that the "first day is the Sabbath." But with the States of the Union, with the Supreme Court of the Unites States, and with the Congress of the United States, declaring that the first day is the Sabbath, Seventh-day Advent-ists find that the commandment still reads, "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord." For their faithfulness to the law of God and their refusal to bow to the image-a counterfeit-of that law which men have set up, they are fined and imprisoned, and when let go are admonished in future to obey the laws of the State which declare that the first day of the week is the Sab-bath. Seventh-day Adventists answer, " Whether it' be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." " When let go, they continue to labor on the first day of the week in harmony with the law of God and in vio-lation of the law of the State. They are again arrested, fined, and im-prisoned, and told by judges that they ought as good citizens to obey the laws of the State until they could secure their re-peal. Prosecuting attorneys, prosecuting witnesses, the National Reform Associa-tion, the American Sabbath Union, State Sabbath Associations, popular churches, law and order leagues, and young people's societies assume an air of patriotic loyalty to law, and in a chorus respond, Amen. But the Seventh-day Adventists answer, " We ought to obey God rather than men." " And then the judge, whose prov-ince it is to judge according to the civil laws, leaves this judgment-seat and climbs to the throne of the Infinite, and usurps the " divine prerogative," and judges the a째 Act closing the World's Fair on Sunday, signed Aug. 5, 1892. 17  " American State Papers," class 7, p. 225. 0,  Ib. " 42  Acts 4: 19. a 1  Acts 5: 29. consciences of the accused, and tells them that there is no element of conscience in-volved in the question, that the law does not forbid them to keep the seventh day, but only requires them to observe the Lord's day on the first day of the week, and that there is no element of conscience involved in refraining from labor on the first day of the week, and to contend that there is but a manifestation of fanatical stubbornness. The charge of fanaticism and stubborn-ness is as old as religious persecution, and has been met by the reformers of all ages. There is a conscientious principle involved, and Seventh-day Adventists will continue to maintain their loyalty to God and give a reason for the hope that is within them with meekness and fear. The observance of the Sabbath of the Lord, or the Lord's day, is an act of reli-gion, an act of worship. The Sabbath, or Lord's day, is commanded by the law of God which Paul declares is " spiritual " and " holy." When the State therefore attempts to compel men to observe the Sabbath, or Lord's day, it undertakes to enforce obe-dience in spiritual matters. And as obe-dience in spiritual matters is worship, so to obey the Sabbath laws of the State is to worship the State. And the Seventh-day Adventist says to the State, in the words of Martin Luther to the Emperor Charles V. :- God, who is the searcher of hearts, is my witness, that I am ready most earnestly to obey your majesty, in honor or in dishonor, in life or in death, and with no exception save the Word of God, by which man lives. In all the affairs of this present life, my fidelity shall be unshaken, for here to lose or gain is of no conse-quence to salvation. But when eternal interests are concerned, God wills not that man shall submit unto man. For such submission in spiritual matters is real worship, and ought to be rendered solely to the Creator.42  But what has the Government done in presuming to decide this religious contro-versy regarding the Sabbath and demand-ing obedience to its decision under penalty of fine and imprisonment ? It has done just what the Baptists, Presbyterians, and Quakers, with Jefferson and Madison, said in their memorial to the Virginia legis-lature in 1776, denying the rightfulness of "the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith,"-it has erected " a claim to infallibility " which is papal in principle and can but " lead us back to the church of Rome." " In deciding that the first day is the Sabbath, in favor of certain sects that profess the Christian religion, and against the position of another Christian body which holds that " the seventh day is the Sabbath," it vio-lates the great Protestant principle after which it was imaged by the hands of its founders, and is moulded in the image of the papacy which has always claimed the right to infallibly decide questions of faith and to enforce the decision by fines and imprisonment. It is plain, therefore, that in attempting to compel Seventh-day Adventists to obey the government in the spiritual matter of Sabbath-keeping, which obedience is real worship, the attempt is made to compel Seventh-day Adventists to worship the image of the papacy. But this is not all. The first day rival of the Sabbath of the Lord was not orig-inated by the Government of the United States. As a so-called Christian institu-tion the first-day Sabbath originated with the papacy, that power which Daniel said D'Aubigne's History of the Reformation, Book VII, chap. 11. 43  Baird's "Religion in America," book 3, chap. 3, par. 11. 