154 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. posing the petition which asks that this be not done, they show that they want it done. In no other way could they so clearly show the real ob-ject of the Sunday-law petition, and the spirit of the Sunday-law movement, than by the bitter op-position which they make to this counter-petition. Their action in the matter stamps their move-ment as a movement to secure a union of Church and State, and nothing else. Now we will have a little direct testimony con-cerning the matter of the religious observance of Sunday, which both Mr. Cook and Mr. Crafts say they do not desire. We will quote once more a few statements which will show clearly just what they do want. We have given them many times, but we shall doubtless be compelled to re-peat them many more times, for the Sunday peo-ple persist in telling the people generally another thing from what they talk among themselves. First, we repeat the statement made by Mrs. Bate-ham in her speech at the Washington Convention last summer. Referring to the petitions that hung around the assembly room, she said :Š "As I look about this church to-night, I cannot help thinking of the fourteen million people that this meeting represents, all of whom are praying to have the holy day observed. They are praying that the Government will pass a law that will compel the people to observe the first day of the week ; and peo-ple in every State of the Union are distributing circulars to secure signatures to that effect." This statement is taken from the report in the Lutheran Observer of December 21, 1888, whose editor, Dr. Conrad, was one of the speakers at the convention, and is one of the officers of the American Sunday Union. Nothing that we could say could more directly contradict the statement made by Mr. Cook and Mr. Crafts than does this statement by Mrs. Bateham. They say that their petition does not ask for the religious observance of the day, but she says that the petitioners pray to have the holy day observed. Of course, we know that there were not fourteen million petitioners, and that the day is not holy ; but her statement intimates that those who signed the petition intelligently did so with the under-standing that it was a request to have the day ob-served as though it were holy. It is true that the petition itself does not say anything about religious observance ; but Mrs. Bateham says that those who sign the petition thereby pray that the Government will pass a law to compel the people to observe the first day of the week. And the fact that she calls it a holy day shows that they sign the petition with the understand-ing that it is to secure the compulsory observ-ance of Sunday as a holy day. Therefore, if Mr. Cook and Mr. Crafts are so righteously in-dignant because their petition has been, as they say, misrepresented and made to appear as though it called for the religious observance of Sunday, they should turn their guns upon Mrs. Bateham. Not an enemy to the Sunday-law petition or the Sunday-law movement has said a single thing be-yond what Mrs. Bateham herself has said. Again, in the report above referred to in the Lutheran Observer, we find the following state-ment made by Dr. Crafts. He said, "The bill which has been introduced makes Sunday the ideal Sabbath of the Puritan, which day shall only be occupied by worship." That bill was in-troduced by Senator Blair in response to the peti-tion which has been referred to, which was gotten up by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Yet Mr. Crafts says that they do not want any-thing like religious legislation, and that they don't petition to have Sunday observed religiously. Again, Mr. Crafts said in his address before the general assembly of the Knights of Labor, re- ported in the Journal of United Labor, November 29, 1888, that "the weekly day of rest has never been secured in any land, except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out and, you take the rest out." Col. Elliott F. Shepard is president of the American Sunday Union. The New York Mail and Express of January 25, 1889, gives in full his address before the convention upon his elec-tion as president of the Union. In that address, he spoke of the petition as follows :Š " We have already been told that there are upon this petition for a National Sunday-Rest law some six millions of Protestants, and some seven millions of Romanists. The Romanists are supposed to be repre-sented by that one signatureŠof Cardinal GibbonsŠwhich was obtained with much less trouble than the greater part of the Protestants in our country. We have some six millions already on the petition, so that we have a basis to work upon; but there are still fifty-two millions of Protestants whom we must inter-est in this movement. We must go on ; we must bring them to sign the petition for the Sabbath. We are very glad to welcome as a coadjutor the Roman Catholic Church in any branch of Christianity, or in any form of benevolent work in which it will consent to join us ; but we must not forget the greater number of the population outside of that church, and we are bound to prosecute this work until we lay its bind-ing truths of divine authority before the whole people, and bring them all into the valley of decision. Choose this day Nvhom ye will serve ; if the Lord be God, serve him; and if the world be God, serve that. You have to say yes or noŠwhether you will stand by the decalogue, whether you will stand by the Lord Cod Almighty, or whether you will turn your back upon him. The work, therefore, of this society has just begun. We do not put this work on mere human reasoningŠfor all that can be overthrown by human reason. We rest it directly and only on the divine commandment." Now this shows that their petition is the one that is misleading. It shows that they expect to gain a great deal more than appears on the face of their petition; it shows that they have worded their petition just so as to secure the greatest number of signatures to it. They are multiplying signatures by every means, both fair and foulŠprincipally foulŠcounting in its favor thousands of people who never heard of it, as well as other thousands who have heard of it, but who know really nothing as to its real design ; and then they intend to wheel these petitioners into line, as favoring their construction of the pe-tition, and demanding a law to compel people to observe Sunday as a holy day. We might give other quotations from the lead-ers in the Sunday movement, but these are suffi-cient. We are not dealing in conjectures, but we give the statements as they appear in black and white, upon the authority of the leaders of the Sunday-law workers themselves. If anything in our language seems to be harsh, we leave it to the candid reader to decide if it is not just. We make no scruple in charging bad faith upon the leaders in this Sunday-law movement, because we condemn them only out of their own mouths; but in so doing we wish to make no reflections upon these men as individuals. We have no doubt that personally they are very pleasant men, and that under almost any other circumstance they would reason logically and act fairly. We attrib-ute their course, not to any inherent wickedness in themselves but to the force of circumstances. They have committed themselves to the securing of an iniquitous law, and such a law can be secured only by iniquitous methods. Religious legislation by civil Governments has always been marked by  fraud and a disregard .for the rights of dissenters ; and when these men give themselves to such un-righteous work they can do no other than. what they are doing. We pity them, and hope that some of them, at least, may see the error of their way and turn from it. E. J. W. Ł is Trusts. THE "Trust" is now the favorite scheme by which the greedy increase their gains. There is the Whisky Trust, the Sugar Trust, the Coffee Trust, the Oil Trust, and Trusts of all kinds too numerous to mention. A Trust is formed by the leading dealers in a certain article of trade laying together all their interests in that line, making a combination so strong as to control the market, and then putting up the price to the highest possible point. If a dealer refuses to join the Trust and does not follow the rise in price which is laid upon the article by the Trust, then the Trust takes steps to compel him either to join the Trust or go out of business. If the Trust cannot so fully control the market as to keep him from buying from anybody but them, at their own price, then they will run down the price so low that he cannot afford to sell at such a rate, and in one way or the other the object of the Trust is accomplished,Šhe is either forced into the Trust or out of the business,Šand then the Trust, hav-ing the field entirely to itself, puts up the price to the highest possible point, clears immense sums, pays its trustees enormous salaries, and divides the profits amongst the managers of the combina-tion, making them, many times, millionaires in a very few years. The Standard Oil Trust, for in-stance, has nine trustees who are paid a salary of $25,000 a year, and divides among its mana-gers profits amounting to millions every year. It will readily be seen that the word "Trust" is but another name for an organized monopoly, but with this characteristic: it is wholly irrespon-sible. A corporation, a railroad or steamboat line for instance, may secure a monopoly of the traffic in a certain locality, but being a corpora-tion, receiving its charter from the State, it is re-sponsible to the State, and the State may put a check upon its exorbitant greed. But a Trust is not incorporated, is responsible to nobody 'but it-self. The following from the Christian at Work fitly describes the Trust:Š " What after all is a Trust? Well, for one thing it is neither a corporation nor a well-defined common-law Trust; it avoids the checks and safeguards which a wise public policy has thrown around corporate acts ; its articles of agreement are secret and jealously guarded even from the investor himself; no charter nor statements need be filed for public inspection ; no reports need be made or published; it may carry onŁ any business it desires ; the principles of ultra vires acts do not check it ; no limit is placed by statute on its capital stock; no law prevents an increase or de-crease of its Trust certificates; no qualifications are prescribed for its trustees; no tax is levied on its char-ter or franchises or capital stock ; no limit is placed by the public on the power and discretion of its trust-ees ; no publicity is given to its acts. It may move from State to State ; it may evade taxation and defy the powers of courts ; it wields vast sums of money secretly, instantaneously, and effectively to accomplish its nefarious ends; and it does all this not for the ad-vancement of the community and the Nation, but for the purposes of extortion and for the annihilation of independent firms. Such a trust is the Sugar Trust ; such are the four great Oil TrustsŠsuch in short are almost all the Trusts." It is evident that, in its accepted use, the word " Trust " signifies a combination of capital for the formation of an irresponsible monopoly to rob the consumer of the extra price which he can thus be 