"Equal and Exact Justice to all Ivien, or Whatever State or 'Persuasion, religious or colitical." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, JANUARY 12, 1893. NUMBER 2. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING' COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  11 WILLIAM H. MC KIM MR. THOMAS K. CREE, of this city, has written to Secretary of the Treasury Foster protesting against issuing the sou-venir coins to the Columbian Exposition, because the managers thereof are violating the law by keeping the Exposition open on Sundays. He cites the legal opening of the Exposition in October last, and says that since that time the Exposition author-ities have opened the grounds on Sundays and charged an admission fee to visitors, which, he claims, is a direct violation of law. We are not at this writing informed what view of the matter the secretary takes. WITH reference to the action of Con-gress in conditioning the appropriation of $2,500,000 on the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, it is sometimes urged that in granting money, Congress has the right to impose —conditions. This is true, how-ever, only within certain limits. Congress has no right to make any "law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." And what Congress can not do directly it has no right to do indirectly. Having no con-stitutional right to compel conformity to a religious dogma, it certainly has no right to purchase such conformity; and the effort to do so is certainly ominous. Of this Sunday closing measure, we may well say, as, in 1829, a committee of the United States Senate said of the proposition to dis-continue Sunday mails "If the measure recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how numerous the train of measures which would follow, involving the dearest rights of allŠthe rights of conscience." IF Congress may impose Sunday ob-servance upon the World's Columbian Exposition as a condition of receiving an  appropriation, why may not the same power impose either that or any other re-ligious rite as a condition to receiving any thing from the Government? Might not Congress with equal propriety make the granting of public land, even to actual settlers under the Homestead law, con-tingent upon an agreement that such land should never be cultivated on Sunday? or even require that the applicant for a patent to one hundred and sixty acres of the public domain should be a member of some church? And might not similar conditions be required of the recipients of any thing of value from the Government? Our only guarantee that such things shall not be is the provision of the Constitution that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; " and if that be disregarded, who can foretell the ultimate result? It would, indeed, " be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how numerous the train of measures, which would follow, involving the dearest of all rightsŠthe rights of conscience." A CHICAGO paper inquires : " Will the Indian understand that this is a Christian Nation ? " Well, scarcely, unless they have been furnished with copies of the Supreme Court decision of last February declaring it to be such. Their experience with the average Indian agent never would teach them anything of that kind. It is stated that the Government is now owing the Arapahoes and Cheyennes, about $18 per head, and because of failure to pay this money these Indians are in danger of starvation. It is further stated that of the money due to these Indians at the last regular payment ($250, 000) they received only $187,500, the balance " having been ab-sorbed in fees to pay lawyers for making out the allotment papers of. each Indian." So says the Chicago News, which also adds the information that " the rations of beef have been suddenly and inexplicably reduced by one-half ; " and that " as usual, the trouble lies with the agencies by which the contract was to be carried outŠwith the agencies which have the ration-giving in charge and with the system by which the Government, instead of putting  the full amount of promised moneys right in the Indian's hands, lets him get it through a lawyer and a process of mulcting." It is very evident that it will require something more than a decree of the Supreme Court, or even an act of Congress to make this a Christian Nation. Three-Ply Petitions From Pennsyl- vania. THE Cleveland Citizen publishes a scathing editorial review of the repeater's methods, in petitioning for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, used by those who have had charge of the gathering of petitions to Congress and the World's Fair Commissioners for the closing of the Fair on Sunday. What possible credence can be given to those who will be guilty of such preposterous falsification as that of sending in from Pennsylvania a peti- tion three times larger than the entire census of the State ? In what light should the public view those who attempt so brazen a fraud as this ? There is food for thought in the editorial of the Citizen beyond the mere facts there given. It is reprinted here :Š ` The methods whereby Congress was induced to provide for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday are fraudulent on their face. The Sunday closers boast of having procured 25,509,132 votes. It is interesting to note how these votes were procured. It seems that at every church convention that has met during the past two years each delegate voted every man, woman and child in his State, city, and country, as being in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday, without canvas-sing the vote, or asking anybody's con-sent. Ohio's vote is put down at 4,104,-396, which is more than the total popula-tion of the entire State. There are at least 1,000,000 children in Ohio, which would reduce this vote to at least 3,000,-000. As there are less than 1,000,000 adult church members in the State, and as a large proportion of these are in favor of Sunday opening, at the highest esti-mate it is doubtful if 500,000 of the people of Ohio are in favor of Sunday closing. The labor organizations which have ex-pressed themselves at all upon the sub-ject are strongly in favor of opening the Fair on Sunday. As the votes include all the people of the State, the question nat-urally arises, What right have the church people to count everybody without their permission ? The whole thing is a pious fraud on its face. But the enormity and audacity of the fraud is revealed in the vote accredited to Pennsylvania. The churches modestly sent in 15,552,472 votes for that State. As it happens that Penn- 