ROVEMBER 30, 1893. A.1\11MIELICAN 373 dogma is itself disputed among Christians; if every attempt to enforce such a law is at once absurd in its inevitable futility, and tragic in its demoralizing effects upon the peopleŠmay we not trust that sound American sense will soon reduce every such law to a state of " innocuous desue-tude," even if formal repeal be too much as yet to hope for ? The California Midwinter Fair. EDS. RECORD-UNION: No single consid-eration has inspired so much enthusiasm of the masses in behalf of the Midwinter Fair as the appeal to charity. The idea of giving bread to the army of unem-ployed men and their families in our midst touched a chord of public sentiment which carried the enterprise beyond the stage of skepticism and doubt that at one time veiled the prospect in uncertainty. Other motives, no doubt, prompted large sub-scriptions; speculation, State and local patriotism, and perhaps personal ambition called out considerable investment; but the long lists of smaller donations from the wage-earning class, who had nothing to gain but the satisfaction of adding their mite toward securing employment for fellow-laborers, did more than all else to permanently establish that confidence which actually set the graders and me-chanics to work. This charitable enthu-siasm on the part of the masses inspired the confidence which induced many of the more affluent contributors to double their subscriptions. On the basis of charity it would hardly have been supposed that those who make the loudest profession of charity would be the firstŠin fact the only onesŠto throw serious obstacles in the way. Es-pecially is it surprising to hear them demand, as the price of their indorsement, that every one interested in this matter of general concern shall recognize a certain religious dogma. We repeat that it would hardly have been supposed that such would be the case, but it is even so. The project is barely suggested, the ink on the newspapers making the announcement is scarcely dry, when the Christian Endeavor Union of Alameda County rises in its assumed capacity of custodian of " the good name of our State, as well as moral character of our people," and resolves that " We suggest to all Christians and law-abiding citizens of the Pacific Coast the eminent propriety of taking no conces-sions at the fair, and of entering into no contracts regarding exhibits or other mat-ters without a clear, irreversible clause securing Sunday-closing during the entire time of the exposition.' Simultaneous with this action some Presbyterian ministers, of San Francisco and Oakland, conceived the idea that the hour was propitious for a Sunday boom. Now was the time, while the young en-terprise was struggling for funds, to force its prostration before the Sunday shrine. The aim was to get ahead of the canvass-ers and urge the Sunday-closing condi-tion upon all subscriptions and contracts. Thus their ambition for power and their determination to force at all hazards a pet religious tenet upon the people at large would lead them to cripple or even to de-stroy, unless they can control, a beneficent enterprise, designed to relieve the preva-lent hard times and give employment to hundreds of laborers and artisans who otherwise must be fed at the public soup-house. To see that such action is a travesty upon Christianity, we have but to con-trast the charitable life of the Founder of the faith. Many times and in various places was He called to exercise His char-itable offices toward multitudes of suffer-ing people, but there is no instance on record of His first exacting of the commu-nity a pledge of Sabbath observance as a condition of relief. Although He often and earnestly exhorted the people to ao better observance of the letter and spirit' of the moral law, yet under no circum-stance did He ever resort to or advise compulsion of conscience, much less as a condition of physical relief to the needy and suffering. Such a phase of charity finds champions only among those pro-fessed disciples whom the prophetic word describes as "having a form of godliness." But the infection is spreading. Those Presbyterian ministers have been rein-forced by some of other denominations, and the Christian Endeavor Union of Alameda County is being joined in its uncharitable (and therefore unchristian) crusade by fellow-Endeavorers through- out the State. By the way, this society seems to regard the boycott as its special aggressive armor. About the time of the opening of the World's Fair at Chicago the following item appeared in the New York Mail and Express:Š The Executive Committee of the Ohio societies is now in session in Cincinnati, and on Monday morning will receive a telegram from Chicago in-forming them if the gates have been open on the previous day. Every Christian Endeavor Society in the world will be notified, and efforts will be made at once to carry the boycott into effect. This will extend not only to the several million young people of the society, but to all the persons whom these members can influence. This will doubtless seriously affect the World's Fair gate receipts. Other " Christian " associations, and temperance societies are falling into line, and the full strength of the avowed Sun-day law element is to be brought into play to compel the management of the fair either to close the- exposition on Sundays or stand a religious boycott. But the folly of follies is exhibited in the crusade for Sunday closing as a tem-perance measure. With every avenue to the fair grounds lined with drinking places open day and night every day in the week, is it reasonable to suppose that men must needs pay an admission fee to the show in order to gain access to a bar ? If drink be the object of Sunday attend-ance, hundreds would prefer to save the gate money and buy the drink outside. The park is open on Sundays now, but men do not go there just to drink. It is safe to say the drinking ones imbibe less while viewing the attractions and ming-ling with the multitudes within the in-closure than they do while on the outside, albeit the opportunity is there. Hearing some of these one-day-in-the-week tem-perance agitators talk, one might suppose that the exposition was to be principally a great drinking saloon, and that it would be the only available drinking place on the peninsula. If the logical conclusion from their premises be anywhere in the range of probability, consistency on their part would unconditionally discourage the enterprise altogether. But there is a motive underneath all this zeal for Sunday closing that does not appear on the surface. This is simply a strategic move in the deep laid State Sun-day law game which has been on the board for several years. This spirit of compul-sion, this innate desire for controlling  power, is characteristic of the Sunday' law principle. It was manifest in the coer-cion of Congress, by threats of political defeat, to add a Sunday closing condition to appropriations for the Columbian Ex-position. It was manifest in the dishonest manner of obtaining petitions whereby actual petitioners numbering but thou-sands were multiplied to represent mil-lions. It was manifest in the conspiracy, even before the action of Congress, to boycott the Chicago Fair in case the advocates of Sunday closing could not carry their point. It was manifest when the First United Presbyterian Church of Boston appealed to President Cleveland to guard the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday with United States troops. It has been manifest in our own State election campaigns for a dozen years in attempts to secure, by threats of Church opposition, the pledges of legislative candidates in favor of Sunday legislation. It has been and is manifest in the assumption that Sunday law abettors are "the best class of people in the land," and that they rep-resent "the great majority of the people," notwithstanding repeated defeats at the polls by large majorities, and notwith-standing the fact that even ministers and churchmen of eminent standing and ability oppose the iniquitous scheme to bind the consciences of their fellow-men. This effort to forestall the action of the managers of the fair, and to cripple their efforts to procure means by exacting con-ditions favorable to an irrelevant reli-gious project is but another link in the chain of unscrupulous maneuvers for legal control of the actions of the people on Sunday. The present is declared an opportune moment for compelling a popu-lar work to yield to the demands of a would-be dominant class through fear of a damaging opposition. And, if success-ful, what next ? The fact of success will be used as an argument that Sunday ob-servance is demanded " by the people," and weak-kneed politicians, with perhaps not a shade of religious scruple, will be overawed by this grand spectacle of power and be whipped into the traces in the same manner as were many noted members of Congress. It was publicly boasted by a leading champion of Sunday closing that " by writing letters twenty ministers in Kentucky made' the Congress-men from that State believe that the whole State was in favor of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair." And others have boasted that the churches hold Con-gress in their hand. This was true to the extent that Congress, largely through fear of losing the Church vote, did estab-lish the precedent of legislating upon a religious doctrine in violation of the Con-stitution, and the result was brought about by studied deception as to the extent of the sentiment behind the demand. But those who have assumed the task of securing the Sunday closing of the San Francisco Fair are encouraging them-selves with the idea that what they call ' Christian sentiment" has virtually over-awed the whole country through the re-sults at Chicago. It is represented that the people did not visit the World's Fair on Sunday on account of their conscientious scruples against attending on that day. The fact is, the Sunday-closers accom-plished their purpose of keeping the people away from the gates on Sunday by induc-ing Congress to cover up the Government exhibit, and several of the State legisla-tures to cover their State exhibits, and so 