314 A. AVIM Inc CAN SigINTIE'INmr,. VoL. 9. No. 40. ceptions than does this demand that there shall be " a visible head" to the Church of Christ. Any church that has a visible head is not, and cannot be, the Church of Christ. And such is the Roman Catholic Church. Again says the cardinal:Š His Church is compared to a human body. In one body there are many members, all inseparably con-nected. with the head. The head commands and the foot instantly moves, the hand is raised and the lips open. Even so our Lord ordained that his Church, composed of many members, should be all united to one supreme visible head, whom they are bound to obey.ŠId., p. 26. The Church of Christ is the body of Christ, it is true. And Christ himself is the head of this " his body, which is the Church." And to take away Christ, the true head of this body, and put anotherŠa manŠin his place, is only to take away all life from the church and so leave it only a lifeless thing so far as the Lord or spirituality is concerned. To take away the true head of any body and put another head in the place of the true one, is to destroy the life of that body. Even though the substitute head be really fas-tened on in some way, all that there can be of the thing is but a dead form. And such is the Catholic Church, according to every idea of it that is set forth by the papacy itself. Again we quote from the same author-ity The church, in fine, is called in Scripture by the beautiful title of bride or spouse of Christ, and the Christian law admits of only one wife.ŠIb. True enough this is, in itself. And that same Christian law admits of only one husband. Now, in this scriptural symbol, Christ occupies the place of husband to the wife. And as the Christian law ad-mits only of one husband, it follows as plainly as can be, that for another person to put himself in the place of husband to this wifeŠthe churchŠis positively to violate the Christian law. And for any wifeŠany churchŠclaiming to be the bride or spouse of Christ, to allow another person to take the place of Christ, the true husband, to her, is positively to violate the Christian law, and so to proclaim her-self an adulteress and a harlot. And such is the Catholic Church, according to her own authoritative statement. To claim that Peter was the first to occupy this illegitimate place toward the " spouse of Christ," or that this " spouse " accepted Peter as the first substitute for her true and living husbandŠthis does not in the least alter the essential immo-rality of the thing, nor does it relieve it of the just charge that it is a positive vio-lation of the Christian law which admits only of one husband. " For the woman that hath an husband is bound by the law to,  her husband so long as he liveth. . . . So, then, if while her husband liveth she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress; but if her husband be dead she is free from that law; so that she is no adulteress though she be mar-ried to another man. Wherefore, my brethren, ye also are become dead to the law by the body of Christ; that ye should be married to another even to Him that is raised from the dead." Rom. 7:2-4. Thus, according to the Scripture, the Christian, and in this the Christian Church, is married to ChristŠ" to him that is raised from the dead"Š as long as he lixeth. Therefore, for any Christian church to be joined to another husband while Jesus Christ liveth, is to he called by the Scriptures of truthan a d I cress ." Now, as the Catholic Church claims to be " the spouse of Christ," and yet claims " another man" as her visible husband, her " visible head," to " speak to her his sentiments in faith and morals; " as this is her own showing, and she pretends to make no other, she is therefore obliged to claim that Jesus Christ is dead, or else confess that she is an adulteress. And in either case it is perfectly plain that she is not the bride or spouse of Christ; for if she will claim that he is dead and that therefore she has right to be joined to this other one, then she is not his spouse but the spouse of the other man; while if she will not allow that Christ is dead, " then,  if, while her husband liveth, she be mar-ried to another man, she shall be called an adulteress," and in this she is just as certainly not his spouse. So from her own showing and upon her own claims it is certain that the Catholic Church is not in any sense a Christian church. It is therefore perfectly clear that in the first of her assumptions, namely, that " the church must have a visible head," the papacy is all at sea. How, then, is it with her other assumption, that Peter was appointed that visible head, and so the pope by succession from him, and there-fore " by the divine assistance promised' to him in blessed Peter," " is infalli-ble " " when he speaks ex cathedra, that is, ' from the chair' of St. Peter ?" Here are the cardinal's words on that:Š Let us now briefly consider the grounds of the doc-trine [of the infallibility of the pope] itself. The fol-lowing passages of the gospel, spoken at different times, were addressed exclusively to Peter: 'Thou art Peter; and on this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." "I, the Supreme Architect of the universe," says our Saviour, "will establish a church which is to last till the end of time. I will lay the foundation of this church so strong and deep on the rock of truth that the winds and storms of error shall never prevail against it. Thou, 0 Peter, shalt be the foundation of this church. It shall never fall, because thou shalt never be shaken; and thou shalt never be shaken, because thou shalt rest on Me, the rock of truth." The church, of which Peter is the foundation, is declared to be impregnable, that is, proof against error. How can you suppose an immovable edifice built on a tottering foundation ? for it is not the building that sustains the foundation, but the foundation which support the building.ŠId., pp. 150, 151. On this same passage of scripture the author of " Catholic Belief " comments as follows :Š As the Church of Christ was to last beyond the life-time of St. Peter, even to the end of the world, and as the church is not a lifeless, material building, but a living body of men requiring a living head to rule them and to be a foundation to that great society, this promise of Christ, of making Peter a rock, was meant not only for Peter, but also for his successors. There must be proportion between the building and its foundation. The building, namely, the visible church, being a living, successive body of men, the foundation also, that is, the visible ruling power which sustains the whole superstructure, must be living and successive. Therefore the successors of St. Peter, as the supreme visible rulers of the church, are each, like St. Peter, the rock or the visible foundation of it ŠCatholic Belief, pp. 64, 65. Now on their very face these statements plainly show that the conception which they define is utterly incongruous and fails at every turn, as applied to. Peter or any other man or succession of men. And all that is needed to annihilate the whole theory, is but to read two or three pas-sages of scripture which speak directly on this subject. Even admitting that the word Peter means a .stone or rock, and that therefore Peter was a rock, allowing the scripture to explain its own statements it is seen that this is far from proving that Peter was the rock upon which the Church of Christ was to be built. For it is written: " Other foundation  can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." 1 Cor. 3: 11. And again : " Ye are built upon the foundation, of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone. whom [in Jesus Christ himself, not in Peter] all the building fitly framed to gether groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord. In whom also ye are bu,ilded td-gether for an habitation of God through the Spirit." Eph. 2:20=22. Please note particularly that this scripture does noi say that Ye are built upon the foundation which is the apostles and prophet neither does it say, Ye are built upon the foundation, the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cor-ner stone; but it does say, "Ye are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets," that is, Ye are built upon the foundation upon which the apostles and prophets are built. Ye are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets. And who is the foundation of the apostles ? and prophets ? Answer : " Jesus Christ himself," and "other foundation can no man lay than that is laid which is Jesus Christ." Therefore, as " the foundation of the apostles and prophets" is "Jesus Christ himself," and as Christians are " upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets," it is settled by the Scriptures of truth, that whoever is not built upon "Jesus Christ himself" as the only foun-dation that is laid, or that can be laid, is not a Christian; and any church that is not built upon "Jesus Christ hims:lf " as the only foundation that is laid, or that can be laid, is not in any sense a Christian church. And such, by her own exclusive claim, is the Catholic Church. She does not claim to be " built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets," which is "Jesus Christ himself," as the only foun-dation. She claims to be built upon one of the apostles himself as the foundation. The Church of Christ is not built on any such " foundation." The Church of Christ is not built on a foundation of dust, nor even on a rock that is made out of dust. It is built upon the eternal, self-existent, Rock, which is " Jesus Christ himself." Next week we will examine the inspired testimony of Peter himself upon this ques-tion. Insulating from Heresy. THE Christian Advocate, of this city, tells this story, the scene of which is only a few miles distant :Š Two weeks ago last Sunday a citizen of Stapleton, S. I., was thrown from his buggy, inflicting injuries which resulted in his death. His wife was a com-municant of the Church of the Immaculate Conception, of Stapleton; he was a Protestant. She applied to the Roman Catholic pastor for permission to bury her husband in St. Mary's cemetery. He felt compelled to, deny the request. She then applied to another priest in the neighboring town, and at the same time wroteŁ to Archbishop Corrigan. The archbishop being absent, from the city, the second priest appealed to used his, influence with Mgr. Farley, and at eleven o'clock on Tuesday the monsignor and the two priests above re-ferred to met and had a conference with this, to the public, probably astonishing result. The desired permission was granted, "on condition that the grave be lined and bottomed with brick." The local priest told the undertaker, the undertaker told the widow, the widow agreed to have the grave lined ! The undertaker arranged for the construction of the brick work, and the unconsecrated man was buried in un-consecrated brick in consecrated ground. The Advocate's comment is: " We know that glass is an insulator against electric-ity, but learn now that, according to Ro-man Catholicism, bricks will insulate a, 