APRIL 4, 1895. IlEIRAICAN 111 A TENNESSEEAN'S VIEW OF SUNDAY LAWS, LOGICALLY AND TERSELY EXPRESSED. = IN,  your issue of the 8th ult., some one tin-' dertakes to review my article on the Capps' cage, which you did me the honor to copy from the AMERICAN SENTINEL, published in New York City. Your correspondent seems to be greatly con-cerned lest to adopt correct principles on this Sunday question would lead to no Sunday law, and that were a great public calamity he seems to, think. Now, that is just what is wrong with Sunday advocates. . All correct principle, the rights of conscience and the plainest stip-illations of the fundamental law of our polit-ical system, must go too, but the traditions Of men, though derived directly and'Unmis-takably from a Catholic source, as is the case With this Sunday idea, whether it is regarded as a civil or ecclesiastic institution, must stand as"sacred and inviolable. And all this too in the very utterance of a pretended regard for sacred ;things, as is evidenced in the reference to a chapter of Paul's writings. Suppose there were no Sunday law, would disaster necessarily follow ? To say it would is a positive Confession that there is absolutely no vitality nor merit in Sunday holiness, which is the underlying idea of all Sunday laws. That such is the idea with Sunday advocates is disclosed by your correspondent -even in his brief dissertation, in such expres-sions as " the violation of the Sunday law is a violation of the law, both of God and man," and " desecrating the Lord's day," etc. Now if there were all this sanctity belonging to Sunday would it not be entirely secure in the affections and esteem of the people without a coercive law of civil enactment to make it so ? When will the religious world learn that every appeal to civil power to sustain religious institutions or ideas as such is a direct confes-sion of their weakness and want of merit in;  the divine conception ? Oh! the deviltry and accursodness that have befallen mankind as the result of this dereliction on the part of religious teachers and leaders.' The very fact that Sunday advocates will not allow Sunday to stand on its own merits as other religious in-stitutions is proof positive that they would as readily make Civil laws to sustain the others if it Were a safe, Policy to thus all at once un-cover:their designs in the development of a union of Church and State that is almost openly being carried on in the religious world. "Friend" is rather more candid than the balance of them in his treatment of the Sun-day question, in that he virtually conceded that all the evil growing out of a violation of the Sunday law results from its being a viola-tion of the law of God. If Sunday work is punishable by civil law because it is a viola-tion of the law of God, why not make covet-ousness, adultery and all the evils the Master says " proceed from the heart of man," in its carnal state, also punishable by the same au- thorit3r? They are all certainly violations of the law of God. It cannot be said they .are offenses that cannot be detected. The same authority that instituted the Sunday law and all of like character easily discovered, thrmigh the Inquisition, the means to detect the most secret thoughts of men. It may be safely assured that no such evil could result from the repeal of the Sunday law as that inflicted in its enforcement. Men would not have to suffer and languish in jail in this boasted land of religious liberty as poor Capps and scores of others. The law of " natural affection " Would not be violated shamelessly as it was in the Maryland case where, the son was set upon. his .father .as  a spy upon an ordinary criminal, to detect hini in  Sunday work, when the work being done by the father was so quiet and orderly it could not be detected otherwise. Nor would the religious world be taught to look to the civil power to sustain the religious institutions, and thus trained and hardened for that season of persecution on a much larger scale, and all along the lines of religious bigotry and fanat-icism now ripening for this country. Can " Friend " point to a single evil that may result from the repeal of his favorite law that will approximate a comparison to any one of these ? But all the milk in the cocoanut is let out in " Friend's " reference to whiskey selling on Sunday. All the trouble lies in this one dread apprehension. Now, has it never oc-curred, to him that the opponents of the whiskey traffic could not put themselves in a more inconsistent and therefore compromising attitude than to emphasize as they do the sell-ing of whiskey on Sunday, while it is being sold on other days. This emphasis carries with it all the force of a confession that it is all right to sell it on other days, and only wrong to sell it on Sunday because of the character of the day. But so it is with reli-gious fanaticism, it is constantly involving itself in just such tangles as this. And no less unfortunate is " Friend" in his reference to the thirteenth of Romans. If it meant the abject submission to civil authority in matters of religion and conscience that he insists upon, then the overturning the Epis-copal Church in nearly all the original States of America as the religion established by the " powers that be " was a great wrong. Strange that the religious world won't learn that this divine law applies to civil govern-ment only in civil matters, and not in reli-gious. While no dare is intended, Martin is not so far off but a two or three days' personal tilt on this subject in all its bearing, civil and ecclesiastical, might be had. For the pres-ent this is enough.-7  Wm. P. Tolley, in Martin Mail, Rucker, Tenn., March 8. RELEASE THEM. This is the Sentiment in Regard to the Adventists. THE following petition is being circulated and freely signed by our citizens:Š " To the County Court of Rhea County : " We, the undersigned, citizens and taxpay-ers of Rhea County, respectfully petition your honorable body to release from the county jail and the further serving of their sentence, the following parties, known as Seventh-day Ad-ventists: G. W. Colcord, I. C. Colcord, Wm. Burchard, Dwight Plumb, W. J. Kerr, Henry Burchard, E. S. Abbott and M. C. Sturde-vent. We make this request for the following reasons:Š " 1st. The majesty of the law under which these Adventists were sentenced has been vin-dicated. " 2nd. Any further detention of these per-sons would be a useless and wanton expense on the county and your petitioners, and a hardship upon a large body of our best cit-izens. " 3rd. The prisoners named in this petition have in every respect, except the technical charge on which they have been confined, been law-abiding citizens of Rhea County, and bear unimpeachable characters for honesty of purpose and purity of lives. One of them is a minister of the gospel; another is a public educator; all of them are men of good moral character, sober, industrious, and are the in-nocent victims of a law designed to punish  criminals and evil-doers. Our position is that it is the province of the law to punish crimi-nals, not to manufacture them. " In this connection we respectfully set forth our protest that in our opinion these Sabbatarian prosecutions should cease. It is detrimental to the best interests of the county that good citizens should be taken from their business, arrested, fined and imprisoned for exercising the sacred right to worship the God of creation according to the dictates of conscience. Not only this, but it is piling up useless costs against the taxpayers of Rhea County. Let us so conduct our county affairs as to show 'to the world that within our bor-ders respect is had for the sacred, material and moral rights of each individual."ŠDayton (Tenn.) Republican, March 23. EVERLASTING PUNISHMENT. WE stated in the SENTINEL of March 14 that we did not believe the church dogma of " an eternal burning hell in which sinners writhe in indescribable agony throughout the endless ages of eternity." With this state-ment in mind a correspondent asks us to ex-plain Matt. 25':46, which reads as follows: " And these shall go away into everlasting punishment: but the righteous into life eter-nal." Our correspondent will notice that there is a difference between " everlasting punish-ment " and everlasting " agony," misery, or torment. When the wicked are finally de-stroyed, it will be everlasting punishment, but not everlasting " agony." Christ promises the righteous "life eternal." Should they afterwards die, they would not enjoy "life eternal." The fate of the wicked is "ever-lasting punishment" in opposition to " life eternal." Death, the final punishment of the wicked, will be everlasting. Should they 'be resurrected at the end of a million years their punishment would not be everlasting; but if their death is everlasting, then their pun-ishment is " everlasting punishment." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, we are sure, is doing more for State secularization in Amer-ica, than any other journal published. We read it with much interest each week. It is a Seventh-day Adventist paper and a sort of a Christian journal, but with this important difference, that it has such faith in the religion it advocates that it believes it can stand alone without crutches provided at the expense of the State. Every Freethinker who can afford to subscribe for it should do so.ŠFree Thought Magazine for March. "PAPACY and Persecution, or Did the Roman Catholic Church Ever Persecute ?" This question is the title of No. 30 of the Religious Liberty Library, just issued. It has not been many years since the asking of such a question would have been like asking, Did the sun rise yesterday ? But now things have changed. The Roman Catholic Church of to-day denies that the church ever perse-cuted, and a compromising Protestantism, blinded by the glamour of a false charity, is disposed to believe it. This tract of sixteen pages, proves beyond the possibility of a doubt, from Roman Catholic works them-selves, that the church has persecuted. at the instigation and with the cooperation and offi- cial approval of popes and councils. Ak Romanism is to-day posing as the author and conservator of religious freedom, now is the time to circulate this most opportune publi-cation. Price 2 cents. Address the Inter-national Religious Liberty Association, Battle Creek, Mich. ; or 43 Bond St., New York, 