44 Alkmn,i CAN`T,-,7iNTrirrivinr,. v0L. 8, No. 6. and the debate so conducted that one might imagine himself in a general coun-cil or synod of the Church, and yet not a religious question ! It was a religious question and a religious law, passed in accordance with a decision of the Su-preme Court, establishing a national re-ligion. And yet " no union of Church and State was contemplated "! Oh, no! But sometimes there is a slip of the tongue and more is let out than the lead-ers authorize. For instance at the ministerial Union, at Syracuse, New York, the Rev. Charles Ferguson said that " he believed in one organic church, of which the President of the United States should be the head, which church should take hold of every phase of American life." The Rev. J. D. Sands, in a speech in Pittsburg, declared that " this grand, good action of Congress suggested to the Christian mind that if this may be done, so may other equally needful measures." " The Church is gaining power continu-ally," said he, " and its voice will be heard much oftener in the future than in the past." And H. H. George, who had la-bored for months to secure this legisla-tion, said : " I have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands." Thus we stand to-day, facing a great revolution. The struggle is upon us. " Gentlemen may cry, ' Peace, Peace,' but there is no peace, the war is actually begun." We are in a great crisisŠthe work before us is too momentous to per-mit us to present any other than a united front to the cohorts of bigotry and super-stition. Let us with calmness and in a fraternal spirit discuss the best mode of conducting the campaign, and when we have determined upon it, let us proceed to carry on. the work with vigor and te-nacity of purpose. The American Theory of Government. I HAVE read with interest the review of Judge Hammond's opinion in the King case, in one of the publications of the Religious Liberty Association. I want to express my hearty approval of the spirit, the truthfulness and the logic of the criticism of the opinion of the court. Christianity is founded on the teach-ings of Christ and animated by his Spirit. Theology is only the opinions of men formulated into church creeds and con-fessions of faith. Theology is not Chris-tianity. Christ being infallible, there must, of necessity, be a perfect unity in Christianity. The want of this unity in theology demonstrates the fact that theol-ogy is not Christianity. Those who assail the Bible assail it as interpreted in church creeds and confessions of faith, and as-suming that theology is Christianity, the assault is made on theology in fact and only on Christianity in name. But the world, accepting the proposition as-sumed as trueŠthat theology is Chris-tianityŠis easily misled and deceived. This is the fortress of skepticism and the misfortune of the cause of Christianity, -and the sooner this truth is recognized and appreciated, the better it will be for all concerned. Church creeds had their origin in a civil and religious despotism, in which Church and State were united, and the power of the civil government was wielded to enforce the decrees of the council, which was assembled for the sin-gle purpose of enforcing the will of the  majority, regardless of the conscientious convictions of the minority. And with wonderful unanimity the churches have adhered to the beliefs formulated in this quasi-religious assembly, for nearly eigh- teen hundred years, in the face of all the facts and circumstances surrounding and influencing the action of the men who held the controlling power in the Council of Nice and succeeding councils of the Church. The duty of all men to rev-erence, if not worship, the Creator is rec-ognized. But the Church is dogmatic. It demands that all men shall believe, and believe as the particular Church believes, or else stand debarred of all church priv-ileges and denied the right to call them- selves Christians. I am to believe some-thing that somebody else believes, regard- less of my own convictions, or I am not permitted to believe at all. This is sla-very in its worst and most degrading form and is enforced in the name of Christian-ity. I believe that the constitution and laws of every country should embody the principles of Christianity and that this is essential to good government. But when a government undertakes to say what Christianity is and enforce its convictions as represented by the majority in the State or national legislative assembly, such government does not embody the fundamental principles of Christianity, which appealing to the consciences of men leave each and every one free to choose for himself. I believe in what is known as the Chris-tian Sabbath. This is my conviction and I do not suppose I will ever change my opinion on this question. Now, if I hap-pen to stand with the majority to-day and demand the enactment of a law embody-ing my belief as to the Sabbath, and the time comes when I stand with the minor-ity, and the majority holds that another day is the proper day to be kept as the Sabbath, and embody its belief in a penal statute, what can I say? This is the crucial test of the right or wrong of leg-islation on questions of this character. If I can not keep two days, but keep the one my conscience approves I am a criminal, and if I keep the one enforced by law I am a hypocrite; and if I can afford to keep the two days, in the keep-ing of one I am a hypocrite; so in any case I am forced into the position of being either a criminal or a hypocrite. This is the logic of the proposition that the Gov-ernment has the right to legislate on questions of religious belief. This is a matter with which governments can not deal. It is violation of the underlying principles of our Government that all power is inherent in the people, and that all the powers of government are deriva-tive. To suppose that the power of the Government is above the conscience of the people is to leave the Government nothing to rest upon as a foundation, and without recuperative force, for this must come from the people, and a people with-out liberty of conscience is a people with-out power. It is an axiomatic truth with us that all just governments derive their power from the consent of the governed. This is pre-eminently the American idea of government, distinguishing it from all other governments in the worldŠancient or modern. If in the matter of civil government the public conscience is higher than the gov-ernment, is it reasonable to be supposed that such a government is clothed with a  power to deal with questions of religious belief? To ask this question is to answer it. The truth is, the American theory of governmentŠthe separation of Church and StateŠnecessarily involves the idea of the absolute freedom of the individual from governmental control in the matter of his or her religious belief. This is the American theory of government, and any departure is dangerous. W. R. GILLENWATER. Ł Ł Is It Real or Only Apparent Injustice? IN its issue of Dec. 16, 1892, the Apos-tolic Guide, published at Louisville, Ky., has the following :Š It is certainly to be deplored that a few Advent-ists in this great Republic, should, under the statute regulating the observance in Tennessee of the civil Sabbath, be forced to pay the fine attached to such violation of law. It does appear to out-rage justice when for the violation of one law and that in no way affecting the offender's moral in-tegrity, he must wear a ball and chain with negroes convicted of heinous crimes. This hardship as-sumes the most aggravated appearance, when, ac-cording to the Constitution of both Tennessee and the United States, the religious convictions of every man are to be respected and protected. Does it only " appear to outrage jus-tice, when, for the violation of one law, and that in no way affecting the offend-er's moral integrity, he must wear a ball and chain with negroes convicted of heinous crimes" ? Is it not, indeed, an injustice to put men, who are acknowl-edged to be honest, upright citizens, in the chain-gang ? This hardship does, indeed, assume " the most aggravates appearance, when, according to the Con-stitution of both Tennessee and the United States, the religious convictions of every man are to be respected and pro-tected." But the day has passed when the rights of men are to be respected in this country. Ignominy has taken the place of respect, that is, to those who do not follow the majority in the keeping of Sunday. Freedom no longer reigns, only for the Sunday-keeper. Keeping Sunday is the test of good citizenship. A man may be ever so good, but if he does not keep the Sunday he is a disgrace to society, and is punished in the same way as those who have committed heinous crimes. Is this justice ? This language must sound strange to loyal Americans, but it is true, neverthe-less. Freedom is gone. This is no longer a "land of the free," but a despotic land. The minority have no rights, or if they have, they are not respected. They must suffer because they follow the dictates of their own consciences; because they keep the Sabbath according to the fourth com-mandment. The State has no right to say how a man shall worship God. It can-not do this, for only God knoweth the heart, and he alone can judge in such matters. But the Guide evidently justifies the State in passing Sunday laws, for it says further :Š The abolition of the Sabbath, or Lord's day, will abolish moral instruction. The abolition of moral instruction will ruin the State. The issue, there-fore, resolves itself into the balancing of the injury inflicted upon a few men who hold to the observ-ance of the Sabbath against that inflicted upon the whole State. It is better for a few Adventists to suffer, than for the whole State to break to pieces by the complete desecration of the day. By " Sabbath, or Lord's day " the Guide, of course, means Sunday. Has the State anything to do with the teaching of morality? The State is a civil iIlfititUtiOn7 C. B. WAITE. 