Exhortations PSAL MS. to praise God. hath he given to the children of men. 17 The dead praise not the LORD, neither any that go down into si-lence. 18 But we will bless the LORD from this time forth and for ever-more. Praise the Loan. PSALM 116. The psalmist prolesseth his love and duty to God for hts deliverance. 12 lie studieth to be thankful. ILOVE the Loan, because heheard ray voice and say supplications. 2 Because he hath inclined his fine of thanksgiving, and will call upon the name of the Lonn. 18I will pay my vows unto the LORD now in the presence of all his people, 19 In the courts of the LORD'S house, in the midst of thee, 0 Je-rusalem. Praise ye the Loan. PSALM 117. du exhortation to praise God for his mercy and truth. OPRAISE the Loan, all ye nations: praise him, all ye people. 2 For his merciful kindness is great toward us: and the truth AMERICAN <SENTINEL. 271 B I.B L E For YOUTH AND CHILDREN. WE have selected two Bibles for the young which are low in price, not too large and heavy to be conveniently carried, but at the same time the type'is large and easily read. These Bibles contain nothing but the scripture text and the mapsŠno Helps to make them thick and unwieldy STYLE A-8 WITH REFERENCES. Specimen of Type. DairicZ's'thirst for Go& PSALMS r He praise& God' for his grace. 10 Trust nob in oppression)  and be-come not vain in robbery : if riches increase, set not your heart upon therm 11 God hath spoken °once; twice have I heard this; that 'power be-longeth. unto God. This Bible has references, chapter numbers in figures, and type just like the above speci-men. It has also 14 maps and a diagram of the Temple. It is bound in French morocco, divinity circuit style, is linen lined to make it durable, has round corners and red under gold edges. The size of page is 434 by 7 inches and it is r Yt  inches thick. PRICE, postpaid, $1.25. Be: sure to order Style A-8 if you want the above. Better bindings in stock, if desired. STYLE H-1 WITHOUT REFERENCES. Specimen of Type. This Bible has only the scripture text and maps, and the omitting of the column of refer-ences snakes the size of page much smaller, but the type is the same as in Style A-8. This Bible contains 6 maps, has chapter numbers in figures, and is bound in French morocco, divinity circuit style, is linen lined, and has round corners and red under gold edges. The size of page is 3% by 5Y: inches and it is r i inches thick. Be sure to order Style 11-1 for this Bible. PRICE, postpaid, $1.00. The wholesale prices on Bibles have been advanced twice within the last 90 days, and we may not be able to offer these Bibles long at these reduced rates, so order at once. AddressŠ PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York, N. Y. Helpful for Ł Ł Ł Ł Every Day. Three books especially helpful "in our upward way," con-taining Scripture texts for each day and choice poems, a classified list of texts and a book on Christian life. Please read description of each below. They are neatly bound in cloth, embossed in gold and colors. Size 4%x63 inches. PRICE, 30 cents each. JESUS ONLY. Compiled by Hannah M. Johnson. This little book is not only a Bible Year Book Šwith Scripture texts for everyday in theyear, but it also contains an-appro-priate verse or poem for each day, with author's name appended to each one. 216 pages. Only 30 cents postpaid. SCRIPTURE PROM-ISES. Compiled by Samuel Clarke. These Scripture Prom-ises are so classified that it is easy to find "something suited to the frame of our souls, or our present wants on every occasion; and that soul who knows what a suitable promise is worth in an hour of dark-ness or temptation, will never think such a work as this, and such various treasure, can have sufficient value set upon it," says Dr. Watt in his "notice" written for this col-lection in 1750. These pre-cious promises are as good for our use now as when compiled more than a hundred and fifty years ago. 348 pages. PRICE,F30 cents postpaid. HEART LIFE. By Rev. T. L. Cuyler. Some chapters on Christian Life, among which are the following headings:Š"Heart-keeping, Building on the Rock, The Night-Bell of Prayer, Spiritual Dispeptics, Loveable Christians, Morning Cloud Religion, The Spices in God's Garden,Cost of Serv-ing Chrigt, ad twenty other helpful chapters. 192 pages. PRICE, postpaid, 30 cents. Address Pacific Press Pub. Co— 39 Bond St., N. Y., N. Y. 2 or, we are consvenect by that which they Doughty searched. Job Sr: 25. Ps. ii. 7., 6 They search oub iniquities; 2  they accomplish 3a diligent search: both the inward thought of every one of them, and the heart, is deep. 7 Nit God shall shoot at them with, an arrow; suddenly behall they be 