PRIORS. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens No. 2. C, 3  ,, No. 3. Sealskin, 2 No. 4. " 3 No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 No. 6. Sealskin, 4 ic ra fi 'C 10c. 15c. 15c. 25c. 25c. 40c. THE IMIMMVLItElq11, TiqlSLOTION OF  CREEK NEW TESTAMENT_ _/10 WITH The Authorized Version conveniently presented in the margins for ready reference And with the various readings of the editions of Elzevir 1624, Griesbaeh, Laehmann, Tisehendorf, Tregelles, Alford and Wordsworth. Price $3.00 AY 1.1 Address, PACIFIC PRE$$ PUB. CO., 43 Bond Street, New York. OAKLAND, CAL. KANSAS CITY, MO. CYC LON E WASH E R! The Champion Haven  of  Struck  Machines. nes. It washes in the most satisfactory manner the clothes of farmers, machinists, engineers, and bricklayers, cleaning the dirty collars and cuffs without rubbing. The work is effected by the compressed air forcing the water through the fabric, and therefore without wear to the mate-rial washed. The washing done cleaner, quicker, better, and in half the time. No tired feeling. A child of ten can operate it. Satisfaction guaranteed. Agents Wanted in every county. For particulars and circulars address, COON BROS., 131-137 So. Washington St., Battle Creek, Mie OCTOBER 31, 1895. A.N11-011-1,I4C.AN 343 One of the Nost Valuable Helps to the Study of the NeW Testament EVer Published. more important and of greater consequences. We are by no means in favor of the above-mentioned cus-tom, fraught with superstition. In fact, we would like to see it suppressed and obliteratedŠbut the po-liceman's club is not the instrument to do it. Ed-ucation and a bettor understanding will lead the more ignorant adherents of Jewish orthodoxy to learn that the sacrificial polity of Israel has ceased, and soon will they, of their own volition, abolish an observance which has no biblical origin and authority, and has always been looked upon as a questionable minhag. We give place to this as a matter of justice to those Jews who do not " still cling to this superstitious custom," and because we desire to place before our readers only the most re-liable information upon all subjects. We were misled as to the exact facts by the daily papers. " THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE." HAVE you seen " The Rights of the People, or Civil Government and Religion " ? Have you read it? The following is the Table of Contents:Š PART I.--CIVIL GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION. Christianity and the Roman Empire. What Is Due to God, and What to Ctesar. The Powers That Be. PART II.ŠTHE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE. How the United States Became a Nation. What Is the Nation ? Who Made the Nation ? Religious Right in the United States. Religious Right Invaded. The People's Right of Appeal. National Precedent on Right of Appeal. The Buglers, the Miners and Sappers. The Sunday-law Movement in the Fourth Century, and Its Parallel in the Nineteenth. Will the People Assert and Maintain Their Rights? Religious Right in the States. APPENDIXES. The Declaration of Independence. The Constitution of the United States. The Dred Scott Decision. The " Christian Nation" Decision. ILLUSTRATIONS. Christ or Diana ? George Washington. Thomas Jefferson. James Madison. Abraham Lincoln. Andrew Jackson. James G. Blaine. This is one of the most valuable numbers of the " Religious Liberty Library" yet issued, and is amply worth the price of a year's sub- scription. It costs however, in paper covers, only forty cents, and can be had in cloth for $1.00. It is an invaluable aid to the study of the present series of Sabbath-school lessons. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safe]; attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo, A Sample Page. I CORINTHIANS. 459 13 'Eau raic yXoiacratc riii v civqpibpŁtov XaXill Kai. iŁilliŁ ITIPTI ittni of angels. and - with the tongues of men I speak and have not charity, I am become as sounding ayyPkwv, ecycirnv_ai pr'i_gxiu, "kr va xaNicog tjxre'v i brass or a tinkling cymbal.1,ay'eti2wAti,ilde  though 'of angels, but love have not, I have become 'brass 'sounding or Kili[3aXov ciAaNgov. 2 Picai c`ivli  fxw rpoy5ira'av, gal •1,,P(ii PheCY, aIldfILIderSIPIII1ci '-il 'cymbal 'clanging. And if I have prophecy, and know all knowledge; aanned, Td tivarcipta ire Kai ra aav vjv yviDatv, giaii MO-.  gro though I aa all ' mysteries 'all and all kno'ivledge, and if I have faith; soAllat I could removeniinve n  i moointat act.:  'Ł"2.riirrav rim riartv, iliarE zpn ,,,,,E0,7-4vav,ii arimp,..ai a  ' all, faith, so 115 mountains to remove, . but love r3it, AynaI tahmonnhotpinbge.. /7).1X(d, sobekv"  Eitu. 3 tKal id)," 14aopicrw" rcivra rd stow all my goods to have not, nothing I em. And if I give away in food all feed the poor, and  _ .tt  ho  obue  gbhur/ burned, andnIblya 7r6pxovrif.ttov, wKal iavi' irapaaiii Tb_aiii 0.110117,va xreavOn ray goods, and if Ł I deliver up my body that I may be not charity, it profiteth awliat," aylivny_N 1°7.1x[,,3' ()My" ci)0EXoiii,tai; 4 '11  item/ sinueffnet?etthelgo.ng4,Cahna id tiys burned, but love have not, nothing I am profited'. eve kind ;charity envieth itiaKpoOvpd, xpnartkratŁ 7) etycirn oi).4'007.Ł  . zi arimis 06 not;  charity vaunteth is kind ; .,...not  not jotuipts,e5lf,diosthnontotpuhfic... ,has patience, love is not envious ;, love itself Ł irEprEpEkrai, ob_ovcrtoi;rat, 5 obrizaxnjuovei, oi)_.<717ŁFT rat have seeketh no unseemly, t her own 'is vain-glorious, is not puffed up, acts not unseemly, seeks not the things is not easily provoked,'  thinketh no evil; 6 re- 'E (tin-  iig , of).7rapor,iiverat, ov-Xoyirac TO KaK6v, 6 oi).xaipet of its own, is not quickly provoked, reckons not evil, - rejoices list joiceth but re.not in iniquity, rejoiceth in the th 7 etla all i7ri Tf/ efolICict, acruyxaipan.ai 7"9".  eiNnOeig, 7 rcirra trryEt, tru n  'at unrightcousness, but rejoices with the truth ; all things covers, things,  be  il.ib,,jeare igtiih alla ,Trdvra ITLCITE6£1, ircivra AriEL, 7rcivra i)71-opIvEt. 8 'H ciya7rq thinks, endure th all all things believes, all things hopes, all things endures. Love things, 8 Charity faileth : but whether whether Diu37ror• bborirrst.0  f'ire_cain  7 tt hh , ,e. ry   shall  there    bfea itio;n tongues, never 1-pqmreiat, icarapyrieliaovratŁ there be prophecies, fails; but whether prophecies, they shall be done away ; eirE yAtii aaai, rai)aovrat.  Ł tint 7716i Mc, Mar apytiOIKErat. they shall cease; ep-e  there  it h  bell  knovr- h  whe- whether tongues, they shall cease ; whether knowledge it shall be done away. ,th vani 9 itC.,090V c.yae lavdamoicav, Kai iic pipovg 7rpoOn-fiaq.arŁ n4 ..y.'  9 Fo'r we know , we know pi nh e Ps ya ri 'n pa  anrdt . we e0 pro-Bu tFor in part and in part we prophesy ; 10 Uray.di iXOp TO TAELOV, dT6Te TO III 14011C Kar- when that which is .but when may come that which is perfect, then that in pert shall be tslea:fi,leewtbheiiesirlcooinsmeien,althirrny  apriNia•2-at. 11 iirE ij,liqv viprioc, eWC' 1477110C AciXOVV," f  (;)C done away. When I was an infant, as -an infant I spoke, as 11 When I was a child, I sa virreng icSpovovv, cog 2!Ivrickg iXoTtOpnv." Or•_qi" -yiyova iinse  rksetooasa as cal-1,i lhdi dI  an infant I thought, as an infant I reasoned; but when I became I thought as a child : oxfroptv_y_l_ man,I put away child-but when I became s .1,,  /1147p, ICM147pri/Ca ra 7.-0i; vnriov. 12 - a man, I did away with the things of the infant. For we see lab things. 12 For now we see through a glass, 6cranr" irP6C darkly ; but then face ,aprt. 'et'  i66r-rpov iv aivivart, 767-Eli irp now ,through a glass obscurely, but then norwut 7rp6arrovŁ  apri. 7tviLatao IK 14povc, TOrE.ai face etLto to face: now I know cu tyvaoliat i kart; bnthen sl  , now I know in part, but then I shall know am known.known.. a1s3  a  2bsA.°,all4 face ; saOidc Kai irtyvoicrOrm. 13 vvvi_di ,uivst riartc, iAriP. now abtdeth faith, according as also I have been known... And now abides faith, hope, ' ItilciTee  ; cut the great-,theta d'eyCiii*Th'  7'a.rpia.raiiraŁ faiwv,di rtuircqv r) aycirri. est of these is charity., love ; , these three things ; but the greater of these [is] love. XIV. Follow after 14 A C6ICE76 Tip ivy 67rIp. Z71XoiirE.ai rd rvsEpvittitauraltsic,c't, charity,siit and   . desire t Pursue love, , and be emulous of rather that ye nbiauy, xcrx,i4, 1.x60.a.p, ob, r.eoleetsy. 2.For he that itaxxop_& iva irpostnrEinirs. 2 6. yap h III an un-,but rather that ye may prophesy. For he that speaks with a tongue, not known tongue speak-eth not unto men, but '71  P gay LA. 9 Kay TrA. '‚..1.4.COLO-To-Vat. rifTr. EOW t Kay LTrA. v 11/011.0.) Era 'v gas' LA. i itaverjelp5Aa5 I shall be burned T. 3t,..,01;81, T. [41 clycittn] LTrA. drovv. T. b iritrTet LTTrA. c 1SeJ r,.. d Š TOre LITrAw. e  iA.ciXovv (45 gOttes ITTrAW. t 4pOakniv (I)6 An" LOS, aor,Opmp (in vajwsoc LTTrA." 4' ŠAi but LTTrA. XIII. XIV. 