694 AMERICAN SENTINEL. civil war ensued, finally resulting in the destruction of all the Grecian republics. Weakened by their own jealousies and strifes, they became an easy prey to the ambition of Philip, and soon groveled at the feet of Alexander. The Acheen League was the last struggle of freedom, and then Rome declared their independenceŠthe independence of slaves. Thus they were brought to a condition of servi-tude by their own selfishness and strife, and became a prey to others. It has been said that the Romans possessed the fac-ulty of self. government beyond any people of whom we have historical knowledge. Certain it is, that the Roman republic, covering a period of nearly five hundred years, affords lessons on the workings of popular governments to be found nowhere else. Never has the power and ad-ministration of the government resided more fully in the hands of the people. The unwritten constitution of Rome allowed the people every opportunity for asserting and maintaining their authority. They were the legislators themselves, and in their assembled capacity constituted the court of final resort. If there was ever a time when men might have demonstrated their ability to govern themselves and to establish liberty and equality upon lasting foundations, it was here. But what was the case? As long as freedom meant to them, "not freedom to do what they pleased, but what was right" in their treat-ment ,of each other, all went well. But a change came. Equality ceased to give satisfaction. Men desired more; they wished to dominate. When distinctions of birth ceased to secure the desired end, distinctions of wealth were created. "To obtain money and office became the universal passion." "The free forms of the constitution became themselves the instruments of corruption." The elections, the laws, and all the machinery of government were made to minister to the greed and ambition of in-dividuals. Liberty and justice became mockeries. I need not here recount the internal dissensions and strife, the oppression and robbery of provinces, and the final de-struction of the republic. It is sufficient to say in the language of Froude, that "a constitutional government the most enduring and the most powerful that ever ex-isted, was put on trial and found wanting." Wanting, because men refused to grant to others what they desired for themselves, and they found the law exactly fulfilled, "With what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again." Upon the ruins of the republic arose one of the strongest and most tyrannical despotisms that ever existed. It is said that the citizens of Rome always de-tested the name king. But men sometimes detest them-selves in others. At any rate the republic appeared to develop no end of Tarquins, who came little behind him in cruelty. Nowhere has the doctrine of equality and the rights of the people been asserted with greater vehemence and carried to greater lengths in theory than in the French Republic which arose from the ruins of the Bourbon mon-archy. Yet, at the same time, in no democracy has there been less freedom'for the individual. Under the rule of  the sovereign mob "came those days when the most barbarous of all codes was ad ministered by the most bar-barous of all tribunals; when no man could greet his neighbor or say his prayers without danger of commit-ting a capital offense." Liberty and license became syn-onymous, and the most sanguinary of all despotisms reigned under the mild and innocent quaternion, "virtue, fraternity, liberty, and equality." Madame Roland, on ascending the scaffold, exclaimed, "0 liberty ! what crimes are committed in thy name!" It did not take long to reach the same result there that came to the states of Greece and the republic of Rome. The golden age of Pericles was succeeded by the absolute sway of Alexander; the freeinstitutions of Rome made way for the oppression of the Caesars; and now the "rights of man" were centered in one man, and Napoleon became dictator of France. The history of France from the overthrow of the monarchy to the establishment of the first empire, though short, contains the story of every democracy. In the short space of a few years are crowded the lessons of cen-turies. It affords a complete example of the working of human nature and its inevitable result, which is bound to appear sooner or later in any government, however free be its institutions. (To be continued.) Home Religion vs. State Religion. "Bible Echo," Melbourne, bus. THAT there is great moral declension at the present time few will deny. Lying, theft, murder, and adultery are rampant everywhere. But, the true cause of this state of things few understand, and the remedy for it is 'not discerned by many. Some, as the National Scripture Education League, of Victoria, attribute the growing immorality to the fact that religion is not taught in the state schools. But this is plainly not the cause, for where it is taught in the state schools precisely as they demand it, as in New South Wales, crime is on the increase as well as where it is not so taught. The real trouble is, religion does not dwell in the hearts of the people, and therefore it is not taught bythe parents to their children in their homes. The parents themselves are lawless, and have not the fear of God in their hearts, and their sins and sinful neglect are appear-ing in their children. If there was borne religion, no one would have any occasion to talk about state religion. Home religion means something. State religion is a sham. Home reli-gion means personal religion. State religion is an at-tempt to make men religious by wholesale and without any conviction or conversion on the part of the people individually. 