124 AMERICAN SENTINEL. bringing about the failure of the Cuban republic by pre-dicting and anticipating it. Finally, if they entertain the proposition for annex-ation at all, it should be upon the indisputable initiative of the Cubans themselves unless a frightful chaos shall again make interposition necessary. These are prob-lems of the future to be solved in the future. Having freed them from the barren tyranny of Spain, the United States will employ the best offices of friendship to assist the emancipated Cubans in their experiment in civil lib-erty and self-government. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 18. "I AM all ready now for your revelation," said Cecil. "I had no idea the church was seeking for civil power, and do not see how it could get civil power any way, .in-asmuch as it would be unconstitutional. How is it, Aleck?" "Surely, Cecil, you cannot be ignorant of the pro-tracted efforts that have been manifested for years by the pastors of Christian churches! Have you not heard them preaching on the need of putting Christian men in office, and of enforcing religious observancesŠespecially Sunday-keeping?" "Now, you speak of it, of course I have; but I never paid any particular attention to that. I supposed they had always preached like that, because they were ex-pected to rant against corrupt rulers and non-religion. But what of it, Aleck? It surely doesn't mean anything serious." "Indeed it does. Your indifference, or lack of appre-ciation of the matter, is one of the most serious dangers, because you stand for a large class who are in the same condition. Meanwhile, the movement for the union of church and state is sweeping on like a torrent." "What church, Aleck? Is it the old mother perse-cutor?" "Whatever church or churches are in it, the move-ment carries with it the old spirit and danger. I tell you, Cecil, it is high time you and all others were waken-ing out of sleep if yon love liberty and want to preserve what the Declaration of Independence and our Constitu-tion has so far guaranteed." "You don't say. Come,tell me who is in this. Are  there any organizations to see the scheme carried through?" "Yes, a very large number. The National Reform party, the Christian Citizenship League, the Christian Endeavor societies, the W. C. T, U., the Y. M. C. A., the Sabbath Observance Society, and no end of others." "But, Aleck, are you sure it is for this end they are organized? Do they see what there is in their movement? Where will it hit if it does succeed?" "Some of them see clearly where the movement tends. Many do not. Where will it hit? It will hit the living truth. It will hit every man's right to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his conscience." "But, Aleck, how can such a scheme succeed in Amer-ica?" "How? Why, by educating public sentiment. This is being done vigorously. Public sentiment with suffi-cient money rules the polls." "Oh, I can see the manner in which it is to be done; but through what issue?" "The Sunday-law issue, Cecil." "But, Aleck, what harm can come of that? Religious people, of course, want to keep Sunday. Workingmen ought to be assured of one day of rest, and the lawless hordes would be made to be more civilized if they had to keep Sunday. That issue does not hit very hard." "Cecil, I'm disappointed. After all our talks, you are still as blind as a bat." "Well, help me to see." "Whose day is the Sabbath day?" "The Lord's." "Very well. To whom then shall we render it?" "To the Lord, of course." "Then shall we appeal to force to see it observed? Can we not depend on God to take care of his ownŠhis own day and his own children?" "We ought to, surely. Of course law cannot make Sabbath-keeping anything to God, but it can make it the means a' something to Caesar." "But it is nothing to Caesar. It belongs wholly to God, and will be kept in spite of Caesar by those who love God. As for making others keep it, you certainly use force for the making of hypocrites, and if that will do Caesar any good I'd like to, know how. Honesty is the best policy for CEesar, and for Cmsar's subjects." "How does it hit the truth?" asked Cecil, thought fully. "You said awhile back, that there was always a rallying of the foe against truth. How does this rally against truth in any other way than against the general principle of man's right to be left free to worship or not worship as he pleases." "The principle in this principle is the target of this movement, and the movement is rallying its forces to overthrow the principle of equality before the law of the State; for this Sunday law will discriminate unjustly be-tween classes." 