266 AMERICAN SENTINEL. great feature of "holy week" in Latin-American coun-tries for many years. A press account says:Š "The new order of the archbishop of Mexico regard-ing the passion- play, customary on Good Friday, was observed in the valley of Mexico, although the masses resented the prohibition of the spectacle, which has been a feature of holy week for centuries, originating with the clergy when they were Christianizing the Indians. But at Yautepec, in the state of Morelos, the people assembled at the parish priest's home, demand-ing that he distribute, as usual, the costumes of the passion play. This he refused to do. It is reported that he was driven out of town, the people declaringthat they would not stand such a priest, and must be allowed their ancient custom." The Surviving Forms of Slavery. SPEAKING of present relations in the South between planters and ex-slaves, the writer of the "Louisiana letter" to the New York Sun tells how the forms of slavery in that region have survived, the overthrow of the institutionŠfacts suggestive of the ease with which slavery could be re-established if the barriers of public sentiment and constitutional law erected against it by the Civil War should beŠas seemingly they are steadily beingŠremoved:Š "Practically the mental attitude of the -planter toward his former slaves, and the children of those slaves, is unchanged to-day. He does not pay taxes on them. If one of them is executed for murder, he is not en-titled to recover one-half his value from the state. He regardsŁ  them still as dependents, however. Most often he names them when they are infants. He acts as sole arbiter and judge in their disputes. If they are sick he gives them medicine, and his wife and daughters nurse them if the battle with death be a hard one. Each Christmas morning, as in the old time, they come up to the 'big house,' dressed in their best, to yell `Chris'mus gin' and get their presents. If one of them wishes leave of absence from the plantation, he is apt to re-quest it as deferentially and hopefully as in the days before the war. If refused, he returns quietly to his labor, muttering a little and rolling his eyes viciously toward any other 'fiel' nigger' who may be laughing at "It is not by any means an infrequent sight in 1900 to see a planter in the field on horseback while in front of him a gang of the ebon laborers are toiling. He is `overseeing' them, just as in 1850 his father's overseer oversaw them. One of the negroes, a burly buck weighing 200 pounds of bone and muscle, will be lazy. He will lag behind his companions and turn a deaf ear to adjurations. Then will the phinter swing himSelf from the saddle, throw the reins over his horse's head, take a whip of rawhide in his right hand and belabor the recalcitrant hoeman right heartily. When he thinks that enough-punishment has been administered, he goes back on his horse and the negro resumes work with a notable acceleration of speed. He may dance about and yell while the lash is applied, but he will  never think of resisting. He will lower his bull head and butt the soul out of any companion who prek.urnes to taunt him with his chastisement. but toward the planter he has the attitude of a repentant child which knows that it has deserved correction." The Sentiment in England for Disestablishment. ESTABLISHMENT, or union with the state, is not working well at present for the Catholic party in the Church of England, and leaders of that party are ac-cordingly agitating for the severance of the relation-ship. In England the state dominates the church, and as the church is divided into two contending Parties, and the state cannot side with both, one of these partiesŠwhich happens to be the ritualistic or Catholic partyŠfinds itself opposed by the government and brought into a state of subjection for which it-feelsŠquite correctlyŠthat disestablishment is the only.  remedy. This is what the Duke of Newcastle, who, next to Lord Halifax, is the leader of the Catholic party in the established church, says M the present situation:Š "We in England are passing through a most anxious time. At the moment the war absorbs public notice, and we are enjoying a temporary lull, but it is only temporary, and I fear we have much trouble ahead. When the archbishops delivered their preposterous judgment last July Catholics were dumbfounded, be-cause most of them thought that at least, it would-  be a compromise, odious as compromise always is when matters of Catholic faith and practise are at stake. But the judgment being what it was, the right course would have been for Catholics to .present a very united front, and firmly to refuse obedience. That the decision was only an opinion we have the primates' own author-ity for stating. "Unfortunately Catholics did not act together, and many of those priests whom we had looked up to as pillars of the faith were the first to yield, some through sheer panic, others through what I think a mistaken sense of duty. Thank God there are some who remain firm ! Their positions are very difficult, and in some dioceses the bishops are pursuinga course of systematic persecution of thoseŁ  priests who will not betray their people by surrendering their Catholic principles. "I have maintained throughout that incense must be fought for vigorously, because the real attack is not upon it, but upon the whole doctrine of the Eucharist. It is the Real Presence that Kensit and all the blatant Protestants of England hate, and it is that great Catholic truth that they are determined to root out of England's church if they can. Incense is only a pre-liminary object of attack, but it is quite certain that all the rest will follow; and that is why we cannot submit. "I feelŠmany Catholics feelŠthat the only remedy for the evil is disestablishment. In the days when every M. P. was at least nominally a churchman the connec-tion between church and state was possible, but now, when Parliament contains, men of all religions and of no religion, the connection is an anomaly, and if Par- 