APRIL 16, 1896. A.101111-4.1ELICA.N.  S MN-9P INTIEr. 123 measures to stop Turkish butcheries in Arme-nia because of their jealousy and distrust of each other, and all striving to the utmost to equip themselves with armies and materials for war, does not indicate that they are willing to accept simple justice in any case where aggrandizement seems to be within their power. The apostle James tells us that wars and fightings come from the evil lusts of men which rule in their hearts. James 4:1. And so long as these lusts reign in the human heart, so long will the fountain of war and strife continue to flow. The only power that can put an end to war is the power of the Prince of Peace, which power is exercised in the individual heart through faith. The one in whose heart dwells the Prince of Peace will " follow peace with all men;" but this peace will be found only so far as faith is found. Elsewhere there will be " wars and fightings," and the usual manifestations of the "fruits of the flesh." But the time is near to which the words of the prophet apply: " Come, behold the works of the Lord, what desolations he hath made in the earth. He maketh wars to cease unto the ends of the earth; he breaketh the bow and cutteth the spear in sunder; he burneth the chariot in the fire." Ps. 46: 8, 9. Of this it need only be said that it is not the work of man, but of God. Then indeed will wars cease unto the ends of the earth; not because of a millennium, nor because men will have abjured war, but because God's judgments will have visited the earth, leaving " desola-tions " in their track. Then will God be ex-alted in the earth, and all men will know that he is God, because the fact will have been visibly demonstrated before their eyes. But the only saving knowledge of God is that which is to be obtained now, through faith. THE RELIGIOUS AMENDMENT. Fon the present the proposed religious amendment is dead, but the National Re-formers will not let the matter rest. An-other Congress will see it revived and urged with a persistancy worthy of a better cause, hence it is still a live question for discus-sion. Concerning it the Protestant American says:Š " But what harm can come of such an amendment ? says some reader. In the first place there are thousands of " the people of the United States" who do not make such acknowledgment, and the adoption of such amendment would only pave the way to com-pel them by civil amendment to at least act as though they did, which would only be to make hypocrites of such as would in all other respects be considered good citizens. " This amendment would not make the nation any more Christian, because Chris-tianity is a thing of the heart and life of the individual, and the adoption must be an individual act, and anything short of this is not Christianity at all, but an empty mockery. Therefore, every Christian should protest against the adoption of such an amendment. " More than this, the adoption of this pro-posed amendment would be to make so-called Christianity the national religion, and the " revealed will of Jesus Christ "Šthe BibleŠthe creed of the nation. And this would not be the word of God, that " revealed will," to each individual to be studied, interpreted and accepted by the individual guided by the Holy Spirit, but as interpreted by the Government, by a tribunal appointed by the nation. Thus again, as in days gone by, would the word  of God be put into the hands of crafty, designing men, a priesthood of corruption, intolerance and bigotry, and its interpretation be found in the decrees of national councils with all the power of the nation back of these decrees to enforce them, which would be per-secution for conscience' sake. And so again, no Christian should be found upon the side of such an amendment; and we are sure that when the matter is seen in its true light they will oppose it. " It is farther evident from the foregoing that the proposed amendment would be a union of Church and State. This being so, every truly loyal, patriotic person will be henceforth, now and ever, opposed to any such amendment, as being un-American, un-Christian and therefore utterly inconsistent and out of harmony with the principles upon which this government was founded." STRANGE " CHRISTIAN " ENTERPRISE IN INDIA. THE working of any movement to promote Christianity among men by the power of po-litical or social combinations, human precepts and traditions, or any means other than the divine means which God himself provides and controls, is being illustrated in a movement to secure a better observance of Sunday as the " Christian sabbath," in India. The follow-ing account of the undertaking is furnished by the St. Louis Christian Advocate :Š There has recently been formed in India a "Lord's Day Union," the purpose of which is to secure a bet-ter observance of the Christian sabbath. As origin-ally constituted, the union was composed, not only of Europeans resident in India, but also of Christian natives, who, seeing about them a constant violation of the Christian sabbath, by Hindoos and Ł Mohamme-dans, determined to do what they could in order to secure more respect for the sabbath as an institution. With this end in view they went to work disseminat-ing Christian literature, showing-the propriety of rest on one day in seven, and also designed to impress upon the minds of the public the sanctity of the day and the good results that would follow from its ob-servance after a Christian fashion. The result was, in one respect, quite unexpected. The Lord's Day Union succeeded well among the Christians, for it is said a marked improvement in the observance of Sunday has been noted in those parts of India where it has been laboring. Stores and workshops have been closed, the peasant farmers have been induced to cease from their ordinary vocations, and among many classes the beneficial results of the labors of the union have been quite marked. A sabbath in England is the perfection of a Chris-tian day of rest, and the English in India, while di-verging in no small degree from the religion of their island home, have nevertheless retained a consider-able measure of respect for the sabbath, and have been shamed into a still closer observance by the ex-ample of the Christian natives. The consequence is that in the Christian quarters of many Indian cities the Sunday is said to resemble that of an English country town. But the union is now contending with a very strange problem. It seems that Hindoos and Mohammedans, noticing the benefits to be gained from a careful ob-servance of the Christian sabbath, have joined the Lord's Day Union in such numbers as to threaten to become a preponderant element. This was what the union never contemplated. When it was formed it was not expected that its influence would extend much beyond the Christian element of the population, nor that its membership would comprise those of another faith; but the Hindoos and Mohammedans perceived the advantage gained by the Christians from a day of rest in every week, and strangely enough, desire ad-mission for the purpose of still further forwarding the work of sabbath observance. The situation is probably unique in the history of mission and Christian work. The Hindoos and Mo-hammedans having once been admitted, are increasing in numbers, so that the society is in danger of being outnumbered by a non-Christian, if not anti-Christian element. It is certainly a very strange situation and one that demands the closest consideration from all concerned. That the means employed in this undertak- ing are merely human, is evident from the fact that God has never provided any means for securing the observance of .Sunday, since his Sabbath is not the first day but the sev-enth day, and at the time of making the Sab- bath, he constituted Sunday one of the six working days. It is also evident from the fact that God does not work through "Lord's day unions" or other organizations aiming to secure religious observances by human legis-lation. He works by the power of his divine word, applied to the hearts of individuals by his Spirit. This influx of pagans into the ranks of the promoters of this enterprise is not an unheard-of proceeding. There have been many like it on similar occasions in the past. Early in the " Christian era" pagans flocked in large numbers into the church, retaining the es-sence of their paganism; which paganism, blending with the outward forms of Christian-ity, and adding to these many of its own cer-emonies, became the religion of the Papacy. The pagans did not join the Church because they had become converted, but because they saw in church connection a prospect of worldly advantage. And it is precisely so with the pagans of this time. In these movements for the exaltation of religious institutions by hu-man " law," there is nothing that tends to convert a person from sin to Christ, since the power of God is not in them. Therefore they will become popular just as soon as they can present strong enough inducements to the unconverted masses to persuade them that an espousal of the cause on their part will be good policy. When the politicians see that our cause is going to succeed, said a leading representative of the National Reform party, they will tum-ble over each other in their haste to secure front rank among its adherents. To which we reply, Very likely; but any cause which fights its battles with the carnal weapons of worldly organizations, which attains what the world recognizes as success, and thereby at-tracts to itself the multitudes who place policy above principle, is not a Christian cause, and has no value from a Christian standpoint. Christianity was never popular in this world, and never will be. Let the spirit of pure Christianity actuate a movement, and there will be no danger to it from an inrush of un-sanctified men. PUBLIC MONEY FOR SECTARIAN USES. THE New York Methodist ministers' con-ference in session in New York City, April 6, passed the following resolutions touching the appropriation of money by the United States Government for sectarian schools. Incidentally, says the New York Sun, the members of the conference displayed some feeling against the Catholic Church, the only church that has asked for an appropriation this year:Š WHEREAS, We learn that the House of Representa-tives has, by a large majority, refused to grant further appropriations to certain sectarian schools, which for years have been supported at an annual expense to the Treasury of the United States of $200,000, and WHEREAS, The bill as it passed the House of Rep-resentatives is soon to be acted upon by the Senate; therefore; be it Resolved, That the New York Conference of 300 ministers of the gospel representing 150,000 members and adherents, and as fellow-heirs of Methodist doc-trine and history representing 10,000,000 of communi-cants and adherents in this Republic, most heartily ap-prove the action of the House of Representatives, and we earnestly request the Senate to promptly pass the bill and the President to sign it, so that this great wrong committed against the taxpayers of this country and 