THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 468 be ministered unto but to minister. Strange mon-arch! strange monarchy! In answer to a question from a government official named Pilate, he said, "My kingdom is not of this world: for if my kingdom were of this world then would my servants fight." In this one sweeping statement he renounces for himself for-eVer the support of human power, the strength of human arms ; his was to be a new kingdom, a new.  kind of monarchy, of a nature so different from all that had ever preceded it, so infinitely more spiritual in its distinguishing characteristics and traits, that the announcement of its policy shocked, amazed and confounded the nation of the Jews. Had the Lord been willing to institute a govern-ment after the pattern of those of earth with Himself at its head, the Jews would everywhere have crowded to his banners. Many would have been willing to recognize him as king had he only been willing 'to sat-isfy the desires of the natural heart by offering them place and position in his kingdom. Even his diSci-pies were not altogether free from the idea that his kingdom was an earthly one; they were not without a taint of selfishness, desiring the chief offices of state. "Then came to him the mother of Zebedee's chil-dren with her sons, worshiping him and desiring a certain thing of him." "What would ye that I should do for you ?" the Master asked. "Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand and the other on thy left in thy kingdom." Tenderly the Lord made answer, not even rebuking their selfish-ness in seeking preference above their brethren. He read their hearts ; he alone knew the great depths of their attachment to him. Their love was not a mere human affection. True, it was love defiled by the earthiness of the human vessel, but it was nev-ertheless an overflowing from the fountain of re-deeming love. "To sit on my right hand, and on my left," said the Master, "is not mine to give, but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepared by my Father." In the kingdom of God position is not given through favoritism. It is not earned, nor is it re-ceived"through an arbitrary bestowal. It is the result of character. The crown and the throne are the tokens of a condition attained through self-conquest by the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ. The monarchy of Christ was a monarchy gained by conquest, but it was the conquest of self and the monarchy over self. His was a monarchy over self sufficiently strong to cause him to relinquish the pomp, the splendor and the glory of heaven. His was a kingship over his own soul sufficiently potent to cause him to leave the regal palaces of the better land and to come to earth as a homeless pilgrim, without place to lay his weary head. His was a monarchy so mighty and powerful over body, soul and spirit as to cause him humbly to  serve, and cheerfully to minister unto those who of right were his own subjects but who stood in wan-ton uncalled-for rebellion against his government. He came to serve those who hated him, to bind up the wounds of his own sinful subjects. Tenderly to minister to those who despised and who rejected him was the supreme office of royalty in the kingdom and the monarchy of the greatest prince that the earth or heaven has ever known. Strange monarchy forsooth to men of earth, wondrous exhibition.  of true mon-archical power to angels and beings of unfallen worlds. So great, so mighty, so marvelous was the influ-ence of this kind of monarchy that every angel in heaven followed the wake, and of them the pencil of the Holy Ghost has written "Are they not all minis-tering spirits sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of heaven?" The angels of heaven come not to the earth to rule, or to exact homage, but as mes-sengers of mercy, nor arbitrarily to force but gently to woo the hearts of fallen men and women,Šrebels against the government of God,Šand to seek to lead them into a closer fellowship with Christ than they themselves may ever hope to know. P. T. MAGAN. Reformation or Deformation. PART I. HISTORY. To all readers of the Sentinel it must be plain that it is impossible to legislate either genius or piety into any people. Hence all attempts by legal meth-ods, to produce a renaissance in art or literature, or to foster religion, must inevitably fail. It may not be as clear to all why such attempts are not only use-less but harmful, and that they invariably work back-wards, producing not a new birth but a death, not a reformation but a deformation. This, however, is true, and that it is true, and why it is true, this paper will seek to show. In the fourth century, it was the effort made by the church fathers to Christianize the Roman State that paganized the church, and built up the papal des-potism. We may not question the sincerity of many of those men. Certainly, too, there was no lack of religious enthusiasm ; for the Christian citizenship leaders of the time, in their imaginative zeal, saw vis-ions of angels in the sky leading on the victorious armies of the Christian (?) prince. Those men were simply mistaken, and their mistake was twofold. Their method of reformation was by human law instead of by the power of the divine love. This was the first and great mistake, and the second mistake was like unto it, an.d inevitably followed from it,--it was that they were more anxious to Christianize the state, than to Christianize the individual. They sought to reach the individual through the state instead of the state through the individual. All this was a complete reversal of Jesus' methods. 