AMERICAN SENTINEL. 583 are so cunningly laid that his zealous followers do not see the end of the path in which he leads them. His supreme object is to combine all the elements of earth against God's people and the truth. But he sees that he cannot lead men to persecute inoffensive Chris-tians without first educating them to believe that they have a cause for so doing. In order to accomplish this he must educate his subjects to raise a false standard of morality. He then has but to fire them with a zealous belief that they possess within themselves the power to work a reformation: and then the only logical outcome is to reverence the sayings of men above the law of God. His system of education is the most perfect his master-mind can invent; and the inevitable result of it must be a union of church and state in all nations. While Satan's system of work has for ages been one of sophistry and deceit, his object has been to educate the minds of his subjects to the point where he could reveal himself to them in his true character, and the only way he can do this is to possess men with his own attributes; and when this is accomplished, the Mystery of Iniquity, which is the Mystery of Selfishness, will stand clearly revealed. In the united power of state and church, Babylon the Abomination of the Earth, will say, "I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow." Neverthe-less the record of truth says: "Her plagues shall come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine, and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord that judgeth her." The time is soon coming when a deceived world will awake and their eyes will be opened to see what they have despised and lost. God will not permit a universal law of force to long bear sway. The climax of Satan's power will, when reached, bring his swift destruction, and will shatter every earthly hope. The liberty of Christ, which knows no power but love, is the Christian's hope, and will give him the free-dom of the universe. Man may break the heart of his f llowman, nd torture his life away; but he cannot force upon him one moment's peace of mind. And when the child of faith stands fast in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made him free, the combined powers of earth cannot take away his peace of mind, for it is the gift of God; and in the dungeon or on the rack his grace can give liberty to sing praises of victory to him who said, "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." Goldfield, Col. WAR is not a means of grace, and if there is such a thing in this world as a necessary evil, it is certainly the greatest of such evils. It is demoralizing to the individ-ual and to the public alike; it sears the conscience, dulls the moral sensibilities, obscures the vision, stimulates  all bad passions, and I have felt intensely, since taking up my abode in this city (Manila), that every Christian should pray more earnestly than ever that the time may be hastened when nations shall learn war no more.ŠBishop Thoburn (Methodist). Sunday Enforcement in Colonial Times. Tax first case of persecution in this country of which record has been made, was for the profanation of Sun-day. In an exchange we find the following account of it:Š "This occurred in the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1676, and I think it will be of sufficient interest to give the entire record of the case. The question arose upon. petition to the governor and council sitting in Boston, and is as follows:Š "To the honorable the Governor and Council now sitting in Boston, July 30,1676Š "'The petition of Jonathan Atherton humbly show-eth: That your petitioner being a soldier under Captain Henchman, during their abode at Concord, Captain H. under pretense of your petitioner's profanation of the Sabbath had sentenced your petitioner to lose a fort-night's pay. Now, the thing that was alleged against your petitioner was that he cut a piece of an old hat to put in his shoes and emptied three or four cartridges. Now, there was great occasion and necessity for so doing, for his shoes were grown so big, by walking and riding in the wet and dew, that they galled his feet so that he was not able to go without pain; and his cart-ridges being in a bag were working with continual travel so that they lost the powder out, so that it was danger-ous to carry them; besides, he didŁ not know how soon he should be forced to make use of them, therefore he did account it laWful to do the same, yet, if it be deemed a breach of the Sabbath he desires to be humbled before the Lord and begs the pardon of his people for any of-fense done to them thereby. And doth humbly request the favor of your honors ,o consider the premises and to remit the fine imposed upon him and to give order to the committee for the war for the payment of his wages. So shall he forever pray.' "The decision of the council and the governor was as follows:Š "`August, 1676.ŠThe council sees no cause to grant the petitioner any relief.'" This shows the persecuting spirit that is concealed in Sunday legislation, and the cruel and intolerant end that will surely be reached sooner or later from a begin-ning of Sunday enforcement, however mild. Admit the principle upon which all Sunday enforcement rests, and you will try in vain to fix a barrier in the various degrees of intolerance. The only sure way to keep intolerance from reaching the last degree, is to stop it at the very first degree; and that can be done only by repudiating the principle upon which it proceeds. Two more weeks! See page 59L 