212 acquiescence in their peculiar views of what ought to be, regardless of the wishes of the people. This, while it violates the letter and spirit of the teachings of Chris-tianity, is in perfect keeping with the acts of worldly bishops in the days of Constan-tine and his successors. The same spirit which fathered all the ferocious persecu-tions of the Middle Ages is exhibited in the recent efforts of the Church idolaters, as, for example, the attempt to boycott congressmen into obeying their wish. Below I give a recent editorial from the Boston Daily Globe, as it embraces in a few lines a graphic statement of the dis-graceful wire pulling of an organized minority. - A flood of small petitions and memorials is roll-ing in upon Congress demanding that all appropria-tions of the Government in aid of the Chicago World's Fair shall be made with the proviso that the Fair shall not be opened on Sundays. So bold and dictatorial are some of these memo-rials that Senator Vest was constrained to rise in his seat, last week, and protest that they prac-tically amounted to political blackmail. In many cases they are accompanied by the threat that any member of Congress who shall vote any aid or appropriation for the Columbian Exposition, except with the Sabbatarian proviso, will be systematic-ally boycotted at the polls by the denominational constituencies cited in the memorials. Whatever may be the merits of this question, especially as it relates to .the sale of intoxicating beverages, it is after all a question of expediency and the public morals. Congressmen should be allowed to vote according to their judgment and consciences. Attempts at coercion of any kind savor too much of bigotry and vindictiveness. These memorials are usually addressed to con-gressmen who stand on doubtful ground in the mat-ter of a re-election. The evident intent is coercion, backed by threats of all sorts of political pains and penalties. This device would seem .very natural for political and secular organizations ; but as an attempt to over-ride conscience and moral judg-ments on the part of people ostentatiously claiming to be religious, it is not a little open to criticism. If the opening of the World's Fair meant the closing of the churches, so that those who desired to attend religious ser-vices would be prevented from so doing, the plea of those who assume that they have a monopoly of truth, and who wish to make all who think otherwise bend to their conception, might carry some force. But the opening of the World's Fair does not in any degree interfere with the liberty of those who wish to attend public service; they have all the opportunities they could have otherwise. Hence the question resolves itself into whether or not an intolerant and bigoted monopoly who want to make every one do as they do, shall control matters on this important matter. It is the old spirit of coercion revamped and pressed with the same ten-acity which characterized the actions of the Church in the days of the Inquisition. THE CHURCH AND THE SALOON MARSHALLED UNDER ONE BANNER. I now wish to notice one or two points relevant to this much mooted problem. The conflict of the present hour is unique in that, for the first time in history, we find the clergy and the rumsellers banded together in a common cause. While con-ference, synod, and council of clergymen are busily engaged in passing resolutions, and while a systematic effort to boycott congressmen is being carried on within the sacred precincts of the church, the brew-ers, with equal activity, are working for the same end. A short time since, Rev."Dr. A. H. Henry, of the DeKalb Methodist Episcopal Church, vexed and startled a meeting in Chicago, called under the aus-pices of the American Sabbath Union, by giving publicity to a piece of news not in-tended for circulation in church circles, as  will be seen from the following letter which I republish from THE AMERICAN SENTINEL : "Dr. Henry created a sensation and fore-shadowed his position by declaring that he had seen a circular letter issued by the Beer Brewer's Association, instructing its agents to work for Sunday closing at the Fair, that the opportunity for the sale of beer might be increased." Strange, indeed, is this spectacle ! The temple and the gutter marshalling their forces to prevent thousands of people en-joying the instruction and pure pleasure offered by the great industrial Fair. The Church and the saloon, one loud with threats, the other silent, but no less active; one actuated by a desire to show her ex-ternal power, the other by greed for gain; one representing organized conservatism, bent on showing the world how all-power-ful the ancient edicts of the pagan-Chris-tian Constantine are in the Republic of to-day; the other representing the power of unscrupulous avarice and unlimited wealth. Surely the toiling thousands, whose hope of seeing the World's Exposi-tion hangs upon the Sunday opening, have small chance in this day when the glorious old-time American independence is ex-changed for cringing sycophancy which bows before ancient thought, and when gold exerts such a marvelous power in pol-itics. And this leads me to note the insin-cerity manifested in the past few years by the American Sabbath Union in its favor-ite role of special friend of the workingman. When endeavoring to prevent the publica-tion of Sunday newspapers, this dangerous and un-American body has appealed to the laborers and labor organizations for sup-port, on the grounds that the laborer should have one day of rest for enjoyment and improveineTht' now, When an opportunity is to be offered which rarely comes twice in the lifetime of a toiler, which would fill the tired, aching heart with joy, and enrich the mind with useful knowledge, an opportunity to see the world in miniature, carrying with it great educational value, this same organization is found laboring as zealously as the Chicago saloons to prevent tens of thou-sands of people from enjoying this splen-did treat; for the fact must not be over-looked that Sunday is the only day of the week when tens of thousands of working men and women will have an opportunity to enjoy the Fair. The plea advanced that the employees should have one day of rest would have force if it were not coupled with the insistence that that day be Sunday; but the demand that a special day be observed, and that day the only day in seven on which hundreds of thousands of other working -people could possibly attend, reveals most palpably the true inwardness of those persons. who would deceive the working masses into the be- lief that they are their special friends. the shallowness of the pretense is apparent to the dullest observer. If they were sincere in seeking the closing of the Fair one day in the week for the simple purpose of giving the attaches of the Exposition a day of rest, they would be ready to unite with those who are so ably advocating following the example of France and clos- ing the Fair on Monday, as this would give the employees the one day of rest, while it would also allow tens of thousands to enjoy the wonderful sights and be benefited by this unequalled opportunity to see the world in miniature who other-wise would be deprived of this important education and beneficent recreation. More- over, the receipts would be immensely in-creased by this arrangement, as Mondays at expositions are always blue days, sparsely attended; while Sunday, for the reason given above, would be one of the heaviest, if not the heaviest, day of the week. Finally, closing on Monday would enable the scrubbers to cleanse the grounds and clean the machinery. It will also be observed that no one need attend who does not wish to do so. The pleas advanced by the members of the Sabbath Union do not carry the ring of an honest solicitude for the laboring people, when they would, by their provision, rule out thousands of laboring men, women, and girls from the privilege of enjoying the Exposition, to where they would secure rest for one attache. Honesty and sincerity are as pleasing when found among gentlemen of the cloth as among those who have less opportunity to study ethics, and the position of the leaders of the American Sabbath Union does not savor of either honesty or sin-cerity. The closing of the World's Fair would be a crime against the poor. SUNDAY CLOSING WOULD BE A CRIME AGAINST MORALITY. It would also be a crime against moral-ity. This is a serious charge, but I feel confident that a brief examination of the facts will convince any thoughtful and unbiased mind of its absolute truth. Why do the churches want the World's Fair closed on Sunday ? First, to as nearly as possible force people to occupy their scantily filled pews. Second, because it is a step in the well-laid plan on the,  part of the ultra-reDgionists to unite, 'Church and State aid re-establish a 'Christian theocracy. Why do the brewers want the World's Fair closed on Sunday ? To turn into their coffers millions of dollars which will be spent by people who, having nothing to do and no place to go, will frequent or hunt out places where liquor is sold, pro-vided the Fair is closed. And it is also a well known fact that the brothels and the . gambling hells are always leagued with any effort made by the saloon; for they are a trinity of moral death which flourish together; and the closing of the Fair on Sunday in rum-dominated Chicago would mean a harvest for the saloon, the brothel, and the gambling hell. Now let us look at the problem squarely, honestly, and with all prejudice, for the moment, cast aside. First, the World's Fair will, in the very nature of things, be instructive and therefore valuable. The millions who at-tend will learn more than they could otherwise gain from years of reading or months of travel, and what they learn will never be forgotten. It will be a place where, without injuring or in any way preventing those disposed to worship God in churches, millions of people can Ł obtain helpful enjoyment and enduring instruction. In other words, the effect of the Fair, it is Łfair to presume, will be of immense value from an educational point of view. It will be a most enjoyable way of learning great, glorious, and vital truths. This is universally conceded to be the influence expected to be exerted by it on visitors who attend on week days; and if beneficent on week days, what shall we say of Sunday ? Will not the influence be as fine and uplifting for those who do not wish to attend church, or those who, after attending church in the morning, wish to improve themselves in 