56 A.M.JEJELICA.N Vol. 8. No. 7. nw YonK, FEBRUARY 16, 1893. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN StorrINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the postroffice. THE latest word from the "Adventist cases " at Paris, Tenn., is this : " The re-maining case for possible trial at this term of court was continued yesterday on affidavit by the Attorney-General that the State could not safely go to trial because of the absence of important witnesses. It is almost certain that no conviction can ever be had in the case. The charge of the Judge in the Dortch case was such as to make it almost impossible to convict any one of Sunday work unless the work were done in an exceedingly open and public manner." THE present status of the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee is worthy of careful notice. These cases have attracted the attention of candid, clear-minded, and able, lawyers and legis-lators. These men, having a correct view of the purpose and intent of law and leg-islation, realize the error, the inequity, the inconsistency of existing law under which such persecutions can be had. To have called to the defense of truth, those who love truth, and right, and justice, for their own sake is much. But the greater thing yet remains for all,Što still stand for its defense in the coming day of its seeming defeat and ignominy. PROSECUTIONS for working on Sunday are gradually becoming the recognized order of the day,Šthe arraignment of six men for violation of the Sunday law, on February 5, in this city, is recorded as fol- lows :Š Louis Prague, of Prague Bros., shirt manufac-turers, No. 474 Broadway, and Philip Krulewitch, a clothing manufacturer, No. 524 Broadway, were arraigned in the Tombs Police Court yesterday, charged with working on Sunday. Prague had thirty hands working and Krulewitch three. They swore that they observed Saturday as a holiday, and were discharged. Three Sabbath-breakers were also arraigned in the Jefferson Market Police Court, viz.: Max Krouse, No. 20 Sixth Avenue; Joseph Leventhan, No. 64 Sixth Avenue, and Bernard Pellstickers, of No. 116 Sixth Avenue. The last named keeps a saloon and was charged with violating the excise law. The others are clothing dealers. Justice Koch held all in $100 each for trial in the Court of Special Sessions. Patrick Shea, of No. 511 Pearl Street, a foreman in the employ of F. M. Hausling, was in the Tombs Police Court yesterday, charged with violating the Sunday law in continuing the work of tearing down the buildings Nos. 64 to 68 Broadway. Shea was held in $300 for examination by Justice Ryan. Those who obtained their discharge by swearing that they were observers of the  seventh day were subjected to civil sur-veillance of their religion precisely the same in character, though not in kind, as they would have been forced to submit to in Russia. And as to those who were held, where is the distinction between the unwarrantable authority exercised over them here and similar arrests, for the sake of religion, in the dominion of the Czar ? COMMENTING on the growing tendency toward the strict enforcement of Sunday laws in this city the New York Sun says : Many of the Jewish people living here, who keep their own Sabbath on the seventh day of the week, complain of the wrongfulness of enforcing the Sunday law against them, thus compelling them to refrain from business and labor during two days of every week or more than one-quarter of each month. . . . Two Jewish storekeepers have been arrested this week for selling goods on Sunday, and both of them were held in bail by the Justice of the Jeffer-son Market Court. Two Jewish manufacturers were also arrested this week for running their fac-tories on Sunday, and both of them were dis-charged by the Justice of the Tombs Police Court. The respective Justices differed in their interpreta-tion of the laws. It is evident from these facts that the Sunday laws are in an unsatisfactory state. In holding the two storekeepers on Monday, Jus-tice Koch told them that he regretted the necessity of doing so. "No law," he said, "should exist which discriminates between people of different religions. You people keep your Sabbath, and a law obliging you to stop business on another day, and thus lose two days in the week, appears to me unjust." In this city the Jews, who now number over one-sixth of the whole population, are desirous of se-curing a revision of the Sunday laws, and some of the leading men among them are preparing to seek relief from the State legislature. The Sun has heretofore indicated the correct basis upon which relief should be had,Šnamely the entire repeal of all Sun-day laws. But if this should be asked of the State legislature would the Sun now uphold this large proportion of the pop-ulation in its just and wise request ? Some late editorial utterances of the Sun go to show that it would not. IN its issue of January 29, the New York Sun said in reference to the Sunday opening of the World's Fair:Š No, Congress must insist, whether in the inter-ests of religion and reverence or in obedience to the custom and sentiment of the American people, that the Chicago Fair shall be closed on Sunday if it is to receive pecuniary aid and official recogni-tion from the Government of the United States. Close the Chicago Fair on Sunday I Close it tight! The Sun said in an editorial paragraph, on October 7, 1892. The Woman Suffragists have resolved in favor of opening the Chicago Fair on Sundays. The Fair grounds are already open to visitors, and the attendance is increasing. On a recent Sunday fifteen thousand persons passed through the turn-stile. During the week the average daily attend-ance was three thousand. Most of the visitors to the park on Sunday are laboring men and their families. The worthy Col. Elliott F. Shepard is in Chicago workingŠyea striving with the brethrenŠto keep the Fair closed against the workingman. Colonel Shepard is a good man. What becomes of the keen edge of the  Sun's irony in this paragraph when com-pared with its editorial shout in January Š" Close the Chicago Fair on Sunday " against the workingmen ! " Close it tight !" The Sun once itemized its editorial views about the efforts of the Barbers' International Union to obtain Sunday laws, forbidding Sunday work in barber shops, thus :Š Why should the Barbers' International Union ask the State legislature to enact laws prohibiting all the barbers of the United States from plying their razors on Sunday ? There is no law in any State requiring barbers to engage in Sunday shav-ing. Every barber in the country is at liberty to refuse to shave anybody, or trim anybody's beard, or cut anybody's locks on Sunday. Any barber has the right to close and bar his shop every Sun-day of the year. The International Barbers' Union had better let the legislatures of the States attend to public affairs while its members regulate their own business. This is sound doctrine. The Sun should have applied the same doctrine to legis-lation for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and, realizing the fact that there is no law in Illinois requiring exhib-itors at the World's Fair to exhibit on Sunday, been willing that every exhibitor should exercise his individual right to close his exhibit every Sunday if he saw fit. Has the Sun forgotten to apply its own injunction and let Congress attend to public affairs, while the exhibitors at the World's Fair attend to their own business ? THE excitement on the question of Sun-day closing of theaters in Denver seems to have been felt as far as Oakland, Cal., for: The German-American Political Club held a meeting and adopted the following resolutions:Š " WHEREAS, A movement is under way, insti-gated by certain parties, having for its object the closing of the theaters of Oakland on Sundays, therefore be it `Resolved, That we, as citizens of this great Re- public, most energetically protest against what we conceive to be an infringement upon our rights and liberties; and, furthermore, that we consider the visiting of a decent theater on Sunday an innocent recreation after six days of labor and toil; and we further think such efforts are contrary to the Con-stitution of the United States, which does not rec-ognize State religion, and consequently can not endorse a one-sided edict for the keeping of Sunday, which we consider a day of rest." The question is not as to whether it is a proper or a profitable way to spend Sun-day, or any other evening, at the theater. But it is a very important question by what right either the ministerial alliance or the city ordinances shall say that the Denverites, or the German-Americans of Oakland, may not go to the theater if they see fit on any evening they choose. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c. 44 100 to 249 " " " " <, - - 75c. 260 to 499  ,. .. It it " '' 70e. t< 500 to  999 " " `  . ft tt '' .. 65c. " 1000 or more ft " it " - .. - 60e. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 