AMERICAN SENTINEL. 3t3 Church and State. By Rev. Arthur S. Burrows.  THE fourth principle for which a Baptist Church stands is, that we refuse and oppose all connection be-tween Church and State, believing that the State has no right to control religion. Conscience must be left un-trammeled and so protected as the inalienable right of all, mankind being accountable to God only for its exer- REV. ARTHUR S. BURROWS. ercise. Each is to follow personal conviction of duty in obeying God, without interference, and each is bound to extend the same right to all others without distinction We believe that civil government is of divine appointment for common human good [Rom. 13:1-5], that we are to render tribute and honor where due [Romans 13:6, 7], and that we are to pray for rulers and magistrates [1 Tim. 2:1-4]; but we claim that Jesus Christ, whom God has exalted as King of kings and Lord of lords, is the prince of the converted conscience [James 4:12]. Baptists stand for religious freedom among all citi-zens and repel all State distinctions for political ends. Soul freedom is the bulwark of religious liberty, the inev-itable outgrowth of the New Testament principle that each must hear for himself, must repent for himself, must believe for himself, must confess Christ for himself, must be baptized on his own confession [Romans 14:22]. We come into this world one by one, we must go to Christ one by one for his pardoning grace, and we leave this world one by one to be rewarded according to our works if we be Christ's. and to be judged if we be not Christ's [2 Corinthians 5 :10]. Hence the State has no authority over the religious beliefs and observances of men, whether orthodox or heretic, atheist or heathen.* ** Ł  4 Ł THE best thing that any individual can do for the Sabbath, is to keep it holy. *From "For What Does a Baptist Church Stand?" by Rev. Arthur S. Burrows, pastor 1st Baptist Church, Charleston, Mass. If the Trumpet Should Sound. From the "Ram's Horn," Chicago. l'he Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout wi,h the voice of the Arch-angel and with the trump of God. ihess. 4:16. THAT is one of the few prophecies which are unful-filled. Unlike some of those of old, it is not veiled in the language of mysticism and symbol. It is as plain and explicit as words of one syllable can make it. It is as sure of being fulfilled as those prophecies have been which foretold, with surprising minuteness, the birth of Christ and his impressive death. It is as sure of being fulfilled as was that prophecy concerning the destruction of Jeru-salem, which, indeed, came to pass with shocking realism. What if the trump should sound to-day, or when Christ-mas bells peal in celebration of the nine hundredth anni-versary of Christ's birth, what would Gabriel and his host of angels find were they to bring to theŁ great in-gathering the nations of earth from the east, and the west, and the south, and the north? Tearful vision for the Master. They would bring him a thousand million souls, two thirds of the world's num-ber who, nineteen centuries after his death and resurrec-tion at Calvary, never heard that he had lived. He would also find his nominal church, not one and united as he charged it to be, but broken up into one hundred and eighty or more distinct sects or divisions, working (so far as they work at all), without practical harmony and often with warring envy. He would find three thousand churches in America alone belonging to what are known as the more evangelical bodies-absolutely-without -a sin_ gle accession by confession of faith last year. He would find the world in which the church moves and is supposed to exercise its influence, plunging in a frenzied pursuit of riches, or pleasure, or empty fame. He would find, in short, just about such a scene as our artist pictures on page one. If the trump should sound there would not be mountains nor hills enough in the world to hide the ter-rified throng who would call upon these to hide them, but who are living from moment to moment as if life was an everlasting play day or a dream. It will yet appear that it is a solemn reality. ¨1 ¨ ¨4- Applied Christianity. "APPLIED CHRISTIANITY" is a phrase that is made much use of just now in discussions relating to social and political themes. It is spoken of as if it were a sort of new science, that needed to be quite fully explained before ordinary people could be expected to grasp its meaning. But the Bible constitutes a text-book on applied Christianity, and anyone who will read and believe what it says, will know exactly what applied Christianity is; and on the other hand, whoever will not seek to this 