332 CAW SMTV'r VOL. 9, No. 42. Evicted Tenants. THE city of Montreal, Canada, is under the control of the Roman Catholic Church. Here, the church, though influenced to some extent by the presence of Protestants in the city, has matters somewhat to her liking. Of course, she cannot punish heretics with civil pains and penalties as of old, since an appeal to the higher courts of the Dominion which are under English influence, usually brings relief, though persons have been fined for refusing to remove the hat at the passing of a Cath-olic procession, and for crossing a street occupied by a church parade. While the church is limited in the use of one of her two potent weaponsŠthe civil lawŠshe uses the other, the ecclesi-astical boycott, for all it is worth. And it is worth millions. It is quite generally understood that the Roman Catholic Church does make mer-chandise of the souls of men in collecting millions upon millions of dollars annually from her deluded votaries for the hasten-ing of the souls of men through the ter-rible flames of purgatory. While this trading in the souls of men brings in this enormous revenue, the church does not le* the body escape untaxed, as appears from an investigation of her burial laws now in force in Montreal. In order to appreciate the situation there it must be borne in mind that the church teaches that the bodies of Roman Catholics must be buried in ground consecrated by the church, from which are excluded the contaminating bones of heretics. To be buried outside of this consecrated ground is regarded by the faithful as the greatest of calamities. With this idea in mind, the reader will understand how it is pos-sible for the Roman Catholic Church to impose on the people in the manlier indi-cated by the following facts:Š The church authorities in charge of the Catholic cemetery of Montreal, like the authorities of non-Catholic burial grounds, sell burial plots. But here the likeness ends. Not satisfied with the revenue col-lected by chasing the soul through purga-tory, so long as there are living friends to pay for the chasing, the church now starts in pursuit of the body and levies on it as long as there are living friends to pay the tax, after which the bones are chased out of the cemetery and dumped with others in a nameless grave. Notwithstanding relatives have paid from four to twenty dollars for a resting place for the body of the deceased, still, at the end of every five years, they are taxed an amount equal to the first cost of the plot; and if for any reason the relatives fail to raise the amount, they must bear the shame and endure the sorrow of having the body of a loving father or mother, the remains of a companion sister or brother, or the sacred dust of an angel-faced child, disin-terred and mingled with the bones of hun-dreds of other " evicted tenants " in a potter's field, Š a nameless grave. A wanderer in a foreign land, on returning home and paying a visit to a mother's grave, would find the marble slab gone, and in its place another, marking the grave of a stranger. But, says the non-Catholic, let the Cath-olic bury his relatives where the merce-nary hand of Rome will not disturb their dust. But the church has taught them that this is to exchange a life in paradise for the pains of hell. There is no escape from this tyranny, but separation from  the " holy mother church," which means to the Catholic the loss of everything. Thus it is seen that the church corrals the souls of men in purgatory and taxes them until the day of judgment, and in like manner corrals their bodies in " con-secrated " ground and taxes them until exhumed by the sexton's pick, or " the trump of God." Verily, the Roman Cath-olic Church, at least in Montreal, literally fulfills the description of Revelation 18, and makes merchandise of the " slaves, [Greek, bodies] and souls of men." Oh, that the deluded victims of the pa-pacy would flee this tyranny and refuse longer to permit "the church" to make mer-chandise of both body and soul ! Let them trust in Him who said, " I am the resur-rection and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live" (John 11 : 25), and who has prom-ised that even the unconsecrated sea shall give up her dead. "And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, . . . and they were judged [not according to their burial place, but] according to their works." Rev. 20:13. Papacy in Europe.* ( Concluded.) As I am writing these lines, our daily papers are publishing an encyclical letter of the popeŠhis swan's song, as some sayŠwhich exhibits that wonderful crafti-ness of which I have just spoken. It is an appeal for reunion, specially directed to the Greek and nglican churches. "Speaking to those nations which have for the last three centuries been separated from the church, the pope shows that there is no certain rule of faith and au-thority left to them. A large number among them have overthrown the very foundations of Christianity by denying the divinity of Christ and the inspiration of the Scriptures." Is it not the wonder of wonders that the man who incarnates that awful system by which the Bible has been burned, and its disciples, even to this day, persecuted to death ; that system which has established tradition above the Bible, has contradicted every Bible doctrine and tried to silence every Bible preacher, should now dare to stand before the world as the advocate of the Bible againstŠthe Protestants ! And yet, it is, alas ! but too true that Protes-tantism to a large extent is no more the religion of the Bible. This accounts for the boldness of Rome, and for her success.f We, the French Evangelical Christians, can never be deceived by this pretended "angel of light." We know that Rome is the responsible instigator of those very evils against which our deluded people are trying to find a remedy in her. We know that immorality, infidelity, lawlessness, are the offspring of Roman Catholicism. Idolatry and atheism are not so far apart as it seems, and the same people may pass * By Rev. R. Saillicns, Paris, France, in Missionary Review of the World, for October, t While, in his encyclical letters, the pope extols the Bible, he has forbidden the circulation of a translation of the gospels made by a stanch Roman Catholic, Henri Lasserre, and ap-proved by a number of bishops At first the circulation was permitted, and more than 100,000 copies were sold (the gospels alone) at the high price of four francs per copy (eighty cents). The church took alarm at this evident thirst for the Word on the part of the people, and a papal order was issued forbidding the book. Henri Lasserre at once submitted, and is now in Rome trying to reverse the papal will, but without success. As a matter of fact, there is not, in papal countries, a Bible  or a New Testament to be bought in booksellers' shops, or from colporteurs, except the Protestant versions. And yet in England and in America, where it would be impossible to take the Bible away from the pc.ople, Rome tries to pass herself off as the defender of the Bible! with astonishing swiftness from the one to the other. I shall give, on this point, the testimony of a priest. A little time ago I visited the great shrine of the Virgin at Lourdes, a little town in the Pyrenees, where the " Mother of God " is said to have appeared to a young shepherdess. A beautiful cathe-dral, which has cost one million dollars and more, has been erected near the spot; the grotto from which the miraculous water springs has been decked with marble, and every sign of lavish and idolatrous devo-tion may be seen there. On the day I was present, over twelve thousand pilgrims had come, by a hundred trains, from all parts of France, some having travelled five or six hundred miles. At the railway station young men belonging to the patri-cian familiesŠyoung dukes, counts, and barons of the purest bloodŠwere in atten-dance with sedan-chairs and portative beds, to take the sick and lame from the trains and carry them to the shrine, thus gaining for themselves indulgences. I shall never forget the sight of this motley crowd surrounding the beds of the sick, and many among themselves bearing marks of leprosy or some other foul dis-easeŠmen, women, children, twelve thou-sand of them, hugely,  pressed in front of the cave, lifting up their arms to the gilded statue, crying, shouting, singing, led by the priests! I shall never forget these women kissing the ground, raising up with dust on their lips, then kneeling down to kiss the ground again ; others stooping on the fountain to drink a little water. I saw a poor paralytic carried by four stout priests into a little recess in the rock, and there plunged bodily in the cold water, while he was shouting to the virgin with an earnestness, an eagerness, which reminded one of Baal's prophets. . . . My eyes were moist with tears as I beheld this host of my countrymen thus deluded; meanwhile I vainly waited for a word on the part of those bishops and priestsŠa single wordŠabout Christ and the for-giveness of sins through him. As I was thus looking on with evident emotion a young priest whom I had met in a hotel before came up to me. " You seem to be moved," said he, " by this wonderful sight." " Yes, I am," I answered. " But what moves me is to think that there is so much faith wasted here. To think that twelve thousand people may have found time and money to come so far to seek temporal blessings which they will not receive, while they might in their own homes have received from God himself, through Jesus Christ, eternal life ! " " Do you, sir," said I earnestly to my friendŠ" do you really believe in this ?" The young priest looked at me gravely, and was silent for a while. Then he said : " No, I do not believe that the virgin appeared here, nor that the faith of these poor people will be rewarded. I deplore this superstition as you do; and there are others among us who deplore it also. I believe," he said, growing bold, " that this place is the greatest school of infidelity we have in France. People come here on the promptings of their ignorant parish priest, full of expectations. They have,-in some cases." borrowed money for the journey. They have laid all their stakes on this card. They pray, they sing, they drink the water, they dip themselves into it, . . . but they are not healed. Then they lose faith, not only in Lourdes, 