198 AMERICAN SENTINEL. cratic as applicable to Israel of old and meaning to us something impossible and absurd. Call the nation in the days of the judges a theocratic judiciary and when the kings reigned a theocratic monarchy and I am agreed. All then that I ask for our land is that it be a theocratic republic." "We cannot leave the Filipinos to themselves or drop them into the seething hostility of the European nations. They are our wards. Let it be troublesome and expensive, let it be contrary to the spirit of the Con-stitution; the days of expansion have come, the light of truth must shine into earth's dark places, and the bless-ings of peace must be shared with the oppressed, for there is a law higher than the Constitution and a ruler above the kings of the earth."ŠRev. G. Shaw, Presby-terian, Cambridge, Mass. "The present convention is called at a very oppor-tune time. Everything seems to be in an unsettled con-dition. Our country, whether for good or evil, has been launched out as a great world power. Questions of the greatest moment are being discussed and settled, which a year or more ago did not occupy ournainds at all. I firmly believe it is for good, if we, as a Christian nation, do our duty. I can see that it will be for our evil and ruin if we do not act as we should act; then will we as a nation come into condemnation." "I believe we are the most Christian power upon the earth, and God has used this nation to destroy the power of Spain, which has ever stood across the onward march of his kingdom. I believe our nation has been called not only to liberate millions of the inhabitants of the Philippine islands, but also to Christianize these people and carry to them God's blessings." "Now a nation which undertakes this high duty needs to be firmly fixed on the solid rock foundation. There needs to be no fear at home. Weneed also to have our Government on the Christian basis. It is the Chris-tian idea which stirs us. It is not the atheistic, it is not the materialistic, it is not the secular thought that has sent us out in this warŠit is the Christian idea, and our President has gloriously lifted all to that level. This being true, the Government ought to be Christian. We should as a nation recognize all authorities of Jehovah; we should honor the Son, who has been appointed the mediatorial king, and all our legislation should be based on the Word of God. I believe this must be done at home ere our country will come into the blessings God has for us. I believe this is necessary in order to solve all the questions of capital and labor, and every other question in our land." "It seems to me also, in order for permanency and stability, and in logical recognition of the blessings we enjoy, we must thus crown Jesus Christ as King. I be-lieve the course of events will compel such a recognition. The nations of the earth will demand that we thus come up on this unmistakable ground that our beloved -country will be first to 'Crown Him Lord of all.' God grant that we may act at once ere someone else less favored than we receive this prize." "The adoption of our Constitution in its present sec-ular and atheistic form was a most unnatural thing and marks a break of fearful moment. If we would to-day recognize God in the Constitution it certainly would bring us into line with our national political existence . up until the Revolution." "If we do not thus honor God and serve him as a nation our doom is fixed."ŠRev. S. McNaugher. "The Supreme Court has decided that this is a Chris-tian nation. The Bible is the text-book of Christianity. The fact of a Christian civilization must rest on the recognition of the Bible. . . . If ours is a Christian nation, then the authoritative code of Christianity, which is the Bible, should be expressed in our constitu-tional symbols."ŠRev. Dr. Hershey, Presbyterian, Boston. "Because the Sabbath, as a weekly civil rest day, is a national institution, indispensable to the national life, and one to which society has a natural right, gov-ernment should shield it from harm. You cannot have the Sabbath without Sabbath laws. The right to enjoy a rest day is a very precious right; and demands protec-tion in the law of the land. For without legal protec-tion the greed of corporations will force men reluctantly into continuous toil." "Furthermore, we cannot have a civil rest day unless we have a Sabbath of religious worship, as under the divine command. That is, to maintain the right of man to a day of rest, it is necessary to show that the Sabbath is a divine institution, ordained by God for man's good.ŠRev. A. H. Plumb, Congregationalist, Roxbury, Mass. "The disease from which the nation is most suffering is 'Fatty Degeneration of the Conscience.' This is caused byŠ "(a) Lust of wealth and the enormous povyer of wealth massed in great corporations. It seems as if nothing could stand before it. "(b) Lust of position. Men seem ready to sell their souls merely to be in prominent positions. "(c) Lust of power. Seen in boss-rule in the cities, etc. This is the root of much trouble in which the nation now finds itself. "`Weakened vitality of the nation and powerlessness to throw off the disease,' the result of three causes. "(a) Failure to realize the truth that the nation is a moral personality, subject to the same moral laws as in-dividuals. It is treated as if it had no soul, no con-science. 'It will do in mass what individuals would shudder at the very thought of doing.' "(b) Putting the state in many ways in the place of God, the old Greek theory made sovereign over the con-science. . . . "(c) Subserviency to party. Party to many be-comes the state. Note the cases of Senators Perkins and White. "What is the remedy? Re-enthronement of conscience in individual and national life."ŠRev. Benj. F. True-blood, Sec. American Peace Society. "A Christian nation should recognize Christ the King in order to have an undeniably legal basis for its Christian laws, institutions and usages, in the funda-mental law of the land. . . . Just as a pagan nation, when enacting a constitution, will adopt a pagan in-strument, and as a Mohammedan people will incorporate Mohammedanism in their fundamental law, and as a Roman papal country will embody Romanism in their enacted constitution, so our Protestant Christian nation ought to embody a formal recognition of the authority 