AMERICAN SENTINEL. 29. ---:Ł each producer, producer, there is now one general office, the Trust's. These advantages show themselves upon the ledger, and are the basis of goodly dividends. " But, under this system, what has become of the in-dividual? Free comps ition gave a capitalist the right to fix the prices of his goods, the right to choose his field of operation, the right to determine the rate and volume and character of his product. The Trust denies him this right, usurps so much of his power, and destroys to this extent his business individuality. The fundamental con-ception of the Trust isŠCapital. It does not admit su-perior ability; where capital is equal, power is equal. It can curtail the influence of the ablest, repress his special faculty, by forcing him to submit to the dictation of the richest. Its effect is distinctly leveling. " The Trust is thus the natural child of the competi-tive system, just as the Union is. The workman is sink-ing his individual interest in the interest of the Union, and the employer is finding his individual interest in the interest of the Trust." 11,4-4 Church and State. BY M. E. KELLOGG. WHEN the union of the State with the Church was first formed in the days of Constantine, it no doubt ap-peared to the dignitaries of the Church that the Church would reap great advantages thereby, and that there would be no drawbacks to the Church. So far as the Church was relieved from direct persecution, and in her gain of great popularity and increase of worldly honor and power, the Church calculated rightly ; but, at the same time, the transfer of its dependence from God to the State destroyed the spirituality of the Church. In another way, also, the Church clogged its own wheels by its union with the State. When the Church united to the State, it yielded up certain of its rights. A union of the Church with the State is a game of give and take. When the bargain was first consummated, the Emperor Constan-tine became also the absolute umpire in all matters per-taining to the Church. He was to be consulted in refer-ence to the appointment of the bishops of the different dioceses of the empire, and in Church matters generally. Other emperors and kings have claimed the same privileges, even to this day. Naturally there have been differences of opinion in regard to who shouldŁ be ap-pointed, especially since the Papacy was established as a sovereign and political power and the bishops became actual princes; and this often led to confficts of author-ity in the State. The history of the troubles and wars arising from the conflicts between the civil powers and the pope and bishops, form no inconsiderable part of Eu-ropean history. All these difficulties would never have arisen had there been no mixture of thecivil and religious powers. These conflicts have not ceased; to-day they fre-quently break out in Germany, Hungary, Italy, and France. Lately there has been a cabinet crisis in France involving this very question. The Radicals took the ground that the French priests have no right to hold a  congress or convention, because they are State officials. This is true because, since Church and State are not yet entirely severed in France, the priests in their appoint-ment must be sanctioned by the State, and they are also paid by the State. There was much discussion in the Chambers, and it was disclosed that the government had warned the priests that they must use no more such lan-guage as they had used in the late church council at Rheims. The Radicals were defeated; but the event has drawn aside the curtain long enough for us to see that it is not the best state of affairs for a Church to be so united to the State that the State can direct its policy; but it must be so when the Church consents to receive aid from the State. A paid servant must do his, employer's bid-ding. A Church and State union is really a kind of a mutual concession of both parties by which each party agrees to allow the other party to mind the other party's business! On the main principles of union they agree well, but the quarrelling comes in when the unavoidable and vexing details which are its product are being carried out. This plan, with all its vexatious consequences, has been on trial for centuries, and its results have been evil and only evil. The fathers of our nation were students of history. They saw these evils, and determined to avoid them by entirely separating Church and State in this country. Under this system, both Church and State have prospered. But the Church is not satisfied. Many American Christians long to have the agis of the Govern-ment thrown over the Church. They hope thus to be able to dictate to the.State, and, of course, they may to some extent. But they forget that such a plan will also allow the State to dictate to the Church. They would think it a grand thing to have the State enforce their Church dogmas; but should the State refuse to sanction the election of a bishop, the appointment of a presiding elder, the installation of a pastor, or throw out a caution as to what priests or ministers might or might not say in a convention, they would not enjoy it so well. Yet all this would come in time. They ought to look at both sides of the question, and study the disadvantages as well as the supposed benefits, before they commit themselves to a Church and State theory. Why do they not do this? Has history no voice, or are those who seek a union of the Church with the State blind to reason and deaf to the voice of history? -16- -4 -4, A PREACHER of this city, David James Burrell, D. D., is trying to work up a general protest of the churches against the methods of the daily newspapers, and against the Sunday newspapers altogether. As a justification he declares " We have a right because we have the power." " We are strong enough to have our way in New York City; and New York City pitches the time for the other cities of the land. Let us act." This principle, or rather want of principle, that might makes right, is fast becom-ing the accepted justification of the main efforts of the church leaders. But it is altogether antichristian. 