342 AMETEMICA.N VoL. 9, No. 43. come a Roman Catholic. When he reached Virginia he found the English Episcopal Church established by law, and also a legal requirement that, in becoming a cit-izen, he should take the English oath of supremacy. This he could not do consis-tently with his new religious convictions. He was willing, as all the papists in Eng-land were, to take the oath of allegiance, which involved merely the support of the kingly prerogative, but not that of su-premacy, which denied the authority of the pope. Consequently he did not unite himself with the colonists. But being delighted with the climate, soil, and scenery about the Chesapeake Bay and Potomac River, he formed the design of obtaining a charter from King Charles authorizing him to make a settlement there, in entire disregard of the rights of the Virginia colony. Upon that question, being a monarchist, he, of course, took sides with the kingŠboth having an equal disregard for the rights of the people when they came in conflict with the prerogatives of royalty. He relied manifestly upon his well-known devotion to these princi-ples for his success with the king. And in this he was not disappointed; for Charles was not only disposed to oblige him personally, but was resolved upon punishing the seditious colonists of Vir-ginia, notwithstanding they rigidly main-tained the religious worship established by the laws of England. RELIGIOUS TOLERATION A MATTER OF NECESSITY. The charter to Lord Baltimore was granted in 1632; but in consequence of his death it was transferred to his son, who took his title. It granted the tract of country lying on both sides of the Chesapeake Bay and north of the Po-tomac, up to the fortieth parallel of lati-tudeŠthe whole of which was within the limits of the Virginia colony.' This char-ter contained the celebrated provision that while Christianity was made the law of the colony, yet no preference should be given " to any sect," but " equality in religious rights, not less than in civil freedom," was secured.' This constitutes the groundwork of the Roman Catholic claim of toleration in the United States. A critical examination of it will demon-strate not only that this claim is ground-less, but also what was understood by Charles I. and the elder Lord Baltimore by giving security to civil freedom in MarylandŠin other words, by granting the right of legislation to those Roman Catholics who should emigrate to the colony. The English oath of supremacy had been established one hundred years before the date of this charter. This oath re- quired that every subject should recognize the king as the supreme head of the .Church of England; that the pope of Rome had no more jurisdiction than any other bishop; and that obedience to him should be renounced.' This was not only the law in England, but it was also the law in the colony of Virginia. It was be- cause of this that Lord Baltimore-  could not become a citizen of the latter colony. Now when this, and the further fact that the territory granted to him was within the limits of the Virginia colony, are ob-served, it will be seen that he could have 4  "History of Virginia," by Howison, vol. i., p. 270; "History of the United States," by Bancroft, vol. i., pp. 238-241. Bancroft, p. 243. 6  "History of England," by Rapin, vol. vii., p. 480. accomplished no possible object designed by him without a provision for religious toleration in his charter. He was about to undertake a settlement in a region of the New World where there was an exist-ing form of religion established by law, which, in his conscience, he entirely repu-diatedŠwhich he had renounced only four years before as contrary to the law of God, and which, if he remained true to his religious convictions and papal obedi-ence, he would feel it his duty not merely to oppose, but to exterminate. Like other papists of that day, and the advocates of the pope's infallibility now, he favored religious toleration in a Protestant country Šthat is, such toleration as would enable him to maintain the cause of the papacy in the midst of Protestantism as the means of rooting out the Protestant religion, and securing the establishment of the Roman Catholic by law. His only means of get-ting rid of the oath of supremacy in the colony of Virginia was to get the king so far to set it aside, without authority of law and by his royal will alone, as to allow him to colonize part of the territory with Roman CatholicsŠthis being, at that time, the only possible means of introduc-ing that classs of population into the colonies. Hence, the provision for reli-gious toleration was a matter of necessity, not choice, with Lord Baltimore. On the part of the king there was one principal object to be attained by the establishment of the new colony. As Lord Baltimore was a thorough monarch-ist, it was expected of him that he would check the tendency among the Virginia colonists toward popular liberty, and so employ the right of legislation granted to the Maryland colonists as to preserve the monarchical principle; which Charles well understood to be an established fea-ture of the papal system. This object was so near the heart of Charles that he was quite wiving that the established reli-gion should be sacrificed, if it could be done in no other way. Although he had no power by the law of England to set aside the oath of supremacy, yet he could even venture to defy the authority of Parliament in order to punish the Virginia colonists for daring to assert their just rights as Englishmen. He may, indeed, have had, and possibly did have, another motive beyond this; the subversion of the English Church in the colonies and the establishment of the Roman Catholic by law. It is very well known to the readers of English history that both Charles I. and his father, James I., while professedly Protestants, were inclined to favor the papists as far as they dared to ga. During the reign of Charles the laws were not executed against them, and they were allowed to go unpunished for refusing to take the oath of supremacy, whenever they consented to swear allegiance to him.' By this latter oath they assured them- selves of his royal favor to such an extent that they contributed greatly toward the general policy of his administration. They were allowed publicly to celebrate mass at Somerset-house, especially under the royal protection. A papal nuncio resided in London, and his house was their gen- eral rendezvous. The queen was an ac-knowledged and fanatical papist. It is, therefore, quite certain that they mate-rially aided the convocation and Arch-bishop Laud in implanting in the mind of Charles an- intense hatred of the Pres- 7 ft,apin, vol. xi., p. 89.  byterians and Puritans.' And as the influence of the latter was beginning, about that time, to create a sentiment in the Plymouth colony, like that in Vir-ginia, in favor of the principles of popular government, it was probably an easy matter for Lord Baltimore to obtain from Charles the charter of 1632. Both of them thought alike upon the political questions likely to be involved in the settlement of the new colony; and these were consid-ered by Charles as of more consequence than the religious worship established by the English law. Thus, when all these facts are taken into account, the conclusion is a natural if not unavoidable oneŠthat the insertion of the provision in favor of religious tol-eration in the Maryland charter was alone for the objects and purposes already sug-. gested. So far as Lord Baltimore himself was concerned, it was undoubtedly a necessity with him. He did not take it in that form because he favored religious toleration in a broad and liberal sense, even if he did so favor it, but because it was the only mode by which he could maintain Roman Catholicism in opposition to the existing law of the Virginia colony. By precisely the same process of reason-ing as may have influenced him, Pope Pius IX. is in favor of religious toleration in the United States, but not at Rome; and so with his hierarchy all over the world.ŠThe Papacy and the Civil Power, pp. 672-680; Nelson & Phillips, New York, 1876. Not Even Toleration. THE people of the State of Maryland seem to have made up their minds that liberty to worship God according to the dictates of the individual conscience is a thing of the past. Oct. 6 and 7, in the year of our Lord, 1894, home Seventh-day Adventists were worshiping in their own house of worship, in the village of Shady Side, not far from the capital, when their place was surrounded by a mob of men who threw bricks and stones against the house, and through the windows, making such a noise that it was impossible for the minister to go on with the service. The house of worship was considerably dam-aged, and one of the brethren was very roughly handled by some of the men en-gaged in making the disturbance. The minister was informed that if he did not leave the place, he would be treated to a rope around his neck; and many other like things. All this occurred on the first date men-tioned, which was the Sabbath, and the Adventist people were informed that their meetings must be discontinued or they would be broken up. They attempted to hold meeting again on Sunday evening, and the mob again appeared, some of the men going into the house and publicly insulting the minister. On this occasion the brethren took the precaution to secure the names of fifteen or twenty of the leaders of the mob, and they were reported to the authorities. Fifteen of the men were arrested and brought before the court on Monday, the 8th, but were immedi-ately discharged on a technicality. Many of the men implicated in this lawless busi-ness were members of so-called Protestant churches of the place; but while these men escape justice, the poor Adventist 8/bid., vol. x., p. 435; " History of the Rebellion," by the Earl of Clarendon, Oxford ed., vol. 1., p. 243. 