140 AMR-RICAN giNTFITIVitgra. Vol.. 9. IsPo. 18. firm. or individual whose name is hereto attached, each firm to be represented by one person only, shall vote that this agreement come to an end in not less than sixty days from date of such meeting, then this agree-ment shall be null and void. The meeting thus called to be held at the town of Etna,, it being the most central point. 7th. ThisŁ agreement not to be binding until signed by Ail of the following firms mid individuals: Alex. Parker & Sons; George Buchner, Joseph Stephens, and E. Miller, of Etna; J. Camp & Co., H. J. Diggles, J. W. Wheeler, and El F. Reichman & Co., Fort Jones; Dbnny 'lir &Co., Callahan: John Quigley, Ora Fino. 8th. That this- agreement be presented to all persons doing business in the towns above described, and their signatures solicited, also for all adjoining towns and their cooperation also solicited. 9th. That if any penalties are imposed according to this agreement, said money shall be used for some public benefit to be determined on by at least a four-fifths vote of all the parties to this agreement, one vote for each party. 10th. That a copy of this agreement be published in the Yreka Journal and Scott Valley News, and that pay for same be made by an equal assessment on all parties hereto subscribed, and that each one agrees to pay his share of same. Where there is no boycotting or com-bining to force others out of business because they themselves do not desire to do business, there can, of course, be no valid objection to such a mutual under-standing, provided individual business men or firms see fit to agree among them-selves regarding the closing of their stores or shops on Sunday or any other day. This agreement is reprinted as an example of a remarkable development of the spirit of organized Sunday observance in a State which has no Sunday laws. The True Ground of Opposition. WE are prepared to believe that the record of popery, both in the remote and immediate past, is such as to warrant the belief that it has not given up the design of subjecting the governments of the earth to the triple crowned head of the Catholic Church. It is moreover apparent from the special favors extended to the French Republic, the unusual grace bestowed by the pope upon our great national enter-prise, the World's Fair, and the specially friendly tone in which he has spoken of all republics, both by himself and through his delegates for several years last past, that his hope, desire and design are to secure a nucleus for gathering temporal power in some republican land. But though we are thus persuaded of his delib-erate purpose, we do not by any means look with favor upon an organized effort to destroy the Catholic Church, or deny them the privileges we claim for ourselves. The true ground of opposition to the claims of temporal sovereignty and papal infallibility, is the genuine and broad lib-erality embraced in the Golden Rule. One kind of threatened bondage can not be successfully averted, by accepting and placing ourselves in the power of another kind of bondage. It has been said, as the result of years of judicial experience, that hard cases make bad precedents; and hence we should not seek to bend the gen-eral principles of freedom and open, manly warfare, to make them fit to our notions of the papal case. Apply to it what we apply to all other cases of kindred charac- er, and there stand until the battle for freedom and right has ended in the con-summation devoutly to be wishedŠthe disenthrallment of the world. Ł . Whenever people find it necessary to band together in the dark to accomplish their purposes, and considerable numbers of our citizens are found thus banded to-gether, the times are rife with danger; and the more the disposition to thus se- cretly and darkly work becomes apparent, the more should those who love light get right out into its full blaze, and refuse to be compromised, hampered, corrupted, or misled by any methods, organizations, petty -plans, or influences, which do not love the light, and do not seek open and manly encounters, in the presence and knowledge of the world. Herein are safety and consistency to be found.ŠThe Patriot, April 12, 1894. Offended Feelings. A SPANISH correspondent reports that the Protestant churches in some of the provinces have been closed, and a church in Madrid has been required to close its front entrance, and use the side door, as the open doors on the street constituted an offense against the religious sentiments of the people. Offended feelings hare played a great part in the history of religious persecu-tions. It is human nature to take offense because some one has the temerity to differ from its opinions; and because the great majority of .men in all ages have clung to the natural disposition, religious historyŠCatholic and Protestant alikeŠhas to record manifestations of intolerance in every chapter. In an old volume, published about a century ago, Rev. John Macgowan, of London, gave some of the shifting scenes in modern Church history. In answer to the question, "Has any sect besides the papists been found to persecute those who differed from them ?" he says :Š Yes, every sect who has, at any time been happy enough to grasp the reins of government for the time being. The worthy papists bore the bell of orthodoxy for the space of twelve hundred and sixty years, during which time much blood was shed by open mas-sacres, secret assassinations, pretended judiciaries, acts of bloody faith ; and at last to finish the bloody reign of antichrist, England, France, the Netherlands, and the valleys of Piedmont swam with the gore of such who would believe the Bible sooner than the voice of the priests. Queen Mary's reign furnished the orthodox in her day, with a fine opportunity of discovering their zeal for the Church, by murdering those who believed and obeyed the Bible ; but her reign being short, and Elizabeth ascending the throne upon her dethise, the other scale rose uppermost, and the Protestants, in their turn, became orthodox, C. e., got the government into their hands. Oh, the violence of reputed orthodoxy? Those same gentlemen were no sooner emerged from prison than they also let the world know that they were not to be differed from with impunity; that the formula of their faith and worship must be regarded with as implicit obedience as that in the former reign imposed by the papists. Now the Presbyterians, Independents, and other Congregationalists-felt the weight of their rage, or, if you please, zeal for orthodoxy and the good of the Church. Now the prison-keepers and their friend, Master Ketch, had pretty near as good a run of trade as in the reign of Mary. And now the wilds of America began to be well peopled with English Prot-estants who oppressed dissenters; and the good Epis-copalians at home kept the fleece to themselves and had all the good of the Church before them. But those said Presbyterians and Independents had no sooner crossed the ocean for conscience' sake, and found themselves secure from Episcopalian rage, than they themselves commenced orthodox, and set up their own formula as the standard of religion, to which they required as implicit submission from others as the good bishops of England had ere while done for them-selves; and now the poor antipedo-Baptists and Quakers were taught, that a mittimus is a mittimus whether it is signed by a papist, an Episcopalian or a Presbyterian, and that sentence of death is to be dreaded as much from the mouth of the latter as of the former. Those same dissenters who had so lately found Old England too hot for themselves, by the glowings of priestly zeal for orthodoxy, soon made New England too hot for the poor Quakers and anti-pedo-Baptists ; who, to escape the rage for presbytery, fled, the one to Pennsylvania and the other to Rhode Island, that they might not be compelled to worship God according to other people's consciences and con-trary to their own. This is human nature, and a sorry pie- ture it makes. Yet nowadays we hear about offenses agains4 religious sentiment even in professedly Protestant circles. The tendency toward regulating people's conduct by law in religious observances is increasingly manifest. It is now urged that men must be made to respect Sunday, just as it was formerly thought that re-spect for the communion or baptism must be enforced. Religious sentiment may be offended and provoked to retaliation, but Christian sen-timent never. Can we imagine such a thing of the Saviour, as that he should become offended and make somebody feel the penalty of differing from him ? He was meek, gentle, long-suffering. He gave his back to the smiters, and his cheeks to them that plucked off the hair; nor did he hide his face from shame and spitting. This is the spirit which is given to those who will let the human nature die, and become partakers of the divine nature. This is Christianity. Is it not time for Christians to follow Christ ?ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. Application of the Principles of Equity. IN favor of the exemption of churches from taxation, a favorite argument urged is that the edifice and property are sacred and hence beyond the reach of ordinary claims on individuals or corporate bodies. The error arises from the confusion of two ideas which should always be kept sepa-rate and distinct, viz: the Church as a divine institution, a religious cult, and the church as a number of individuals u,nited in opinion and brought together either for worship or the inculcation of certain doc-trines. Upon the former the State can have no power, for it is established in the heart and soul of man, and has neither habitation nor outward visible form. It is a spiritual principle and can no more be taxed than can air, light, the odor of flowers, or the singing of birds. But the individuals, under whatever name known, who occupy property or buildings for worship or for the spread of their religious opinions are amenable to all the claims, dues and penalties exacted from any other body. When a church is weak in numbers and cannot afford to erect a house of worship no one dreams of opposing the just payment of rent for a suitable place of meeting. When an evan-gelist holds religious services in a public hall, who would ask that he be given the privilege of rent free? When that weak congregation has increased in numbers, or this evangelist has secured a sufficient fol-lowing, and a church building is required, a site is solicited and paid for, the edifice is erected and also paid for. The lot was taxed when in possession of its former owner, but lo, when the building is opened for worship by a number of such individ-uals, the taxes cease, and have to be paid by the remaining portion of the commu-nity. Now, by what chain of reason can such a system be justified? The building is admittedly set apart for sacred purposes, but it is for the convenience, not of God, who dwells not in temples made by hands;  but of a class of the community who have sufficient money to pay for the luxury of meeting within a building, rather than in the open fields. The members do not cease to be citizens by becoming worship-ers, and do not leave their duties as such behind them at the church door. That lot and that building are owned by indi-vidual men and women, and hence liable 