AMERICAN SENTINEL. 295 "THE race question" is appearing again as an issue in American politics. In the municipal campaign lust concluded in Baltimore this was the leading issue. "A white man's city" was the campaign cry of the demo-crats. Beside this issue, it is said all national and state issues shrank into insignificance. Just what issues were settled by the civil war is, after all, a matter of much uncertainty. * RECENTLY there was a divorce in "high society," in this city, followed immediately by the remarriage of one of the parties with another distinguished member of "society." Just what ground existed for the divorce the papers did not state, but the impression carried was that no adequate ground existed. It was stated that the officiating clergyman did not understand the situa-tion when he married the divorced individual, and that but for the high standing of the parties concerned they would not have been able thus successfully to defy public sentiment and modern social proprieties. * * We are as far as any from defending polygamy; but it might well be inquired how much better such "consec-utive polygamy" as is tolerated without much disap-proval in "high society," is than the polygamy of con-gressman-elect Roberts, of Utah, against which society has so loudly raised its voice in virtuous indigna-tion. Where consistency is wanting, there is something wrong. THE Government has forbidden the transmission through the mails of certain anti-expansionist docu-ments prepared by Mr. Edward Atkinson, of Boston, and designed by him for circulation among the officers and men of the American forces at Manila. This prohi-bition is made on the ground that the documents are treasonable in character, though they are in large part made up of extracts from the Congressional Record. It has been expected that Mr. Atkinson would be prose-cuted on a charge of treason, but the Government has taken no action thus far in this direction. * * * We wonder, and we question seriously, whether the  Government would be willing to transmit in the mails copies of the Declaration of Independence, directed to the people of the Philippines, and translated if necessary into their tongue, with those passages emphasized which set forth the equal unalienable rights of all men by crea-tion, and the truth that the just powers of civil govern-ment are derived from the consent of the governed. From the expansionist standpoint, we know of no more treasonable document than this. * * * IF there is one thing that more than another is cal-culated to weaken the moral influence of this nation among other nations of the world, it is the assumption of moral superiority contained in the talk about the rapacity of the nations of Europe, which would be ready to fall like greedy dogs upon the defenseless Philippines if the United States should withdraw. The Chicago Times-Herald, of May 2, speaking on this point, makes use of the phrase, "the territorial greed of less conscien-tious nations," and this is only a sample of what is found everywhere in the Łpublic utterances of the expansionist party. * While other nations are simply greedy land grab-bers, whose motives in war do not rise above the love of conquest, "we" are moved to take up arms by high mo-tives of regard for humanity and disinterested benevo-lence. We thank God that we are not as other nations, even as the publican nations across the water; and this assumed contrast in moral character is flaunted before the nations of the Old World, and that at the very time when this nation is crushing a people who are fighting for independence and the privilege of government by the consent of the governed. * * What effect must this naturally have upon the minds of foreign peoples? What feelings must it awaken in their minds? What other than a feeling of disgust, coupled with an intense desire to see this nation hum-bled? The prophecy has been made that this nation is to be humbled; and now that it is so rapidly entering the maelstrom of international strife, it is not at all difficult to see how this is likely to be accomplished. A NEW code of laws is being prepared for Cuba, which will eliminate the old Inquisitorial rule of compelling a prisoner by torture to incriminate himself. This rule has been in force in the island up to the present time. It is to be observed, by the way, that confession by tor-ture is a method resorted to recently by mobs in the United States. 