140 AMERICAN SENTINEL. as the Sabbath; but the law of. God contains no exemp-tionclause. It is morally wrong for anybody in the world to use the seventh day as secular time. for God has declared it to be holy. Sunday, as a sabbath, is a man-made institution; and the same power that embodied exemption clauses in the laws compelling its observance can abrogate such clauses at will whenever public sentiment may demand it. Are lovers of liberty willing to supinely surrender their God-given right to freedom of choice in matters of faith and attendant practices to any man or class of men who assume the place of God in dictating and en-forcing morals? The greatest danger on this point lies "in the fact that the people generally, do not know their danger, and probably will not until this God-given boon shall have been forever lost. THE Pennsylvania State Sabbath Observance Asso-ciation, recently in session at Pittsburg, did not let slip the occasion to point to the destruction of the State Capitol by fire as a manifest judgment of God upon the State for " Sabbath breaking." At least, as expressed by the editor of the Christian Statesman, it looked much as if such were the significance of the occurrence. Inas-much, however, as Pennsylvania has more stringent Sunday laws, and enforces them more rigorously than almost any other State, the query cannot well be avoided, why she should be singled out from her more wicked sister States as the mark of divine retribution. If the event carries any such significance, it may well be that the judgment came on account of the antichristian atti-tude of the State which finds expression in the enactment and enforcing of her Sunday statutes. STATE SENATOR AHEARN, Of New York, has under-taken to provide a remedy for corporations against the decisions of religiously-minded judges, of which an illus-tration was recently furnished by Judge Pryor. He has introduced a bill in the New York legislature to eliminate from the law governing corporate bodies, that provision which requires such associations to declare their times of meeting in the articles of incorporation.  that it does not mean the keeping of any particular day; but merely of "one day in seven." And some say that it is not binding at all, having somehow been dropped out :of the Decalogue at the crucifixion of Christ. How can it be expected that any moral reformation will take place while religious teachers hold such views of "that institution which underlies all morality and true reli-gion." ? 1 1 41 4 4 A "CALL for united prayer for the Lord's day" is to be issued by the Women's Christian Temperance Union and the "Sabbath Associations" in the different States, setting apart April 3-12 as a' period of seeking "for a deeper love and a better observance of the Lord's day, and for the preservation of the civil laws by which its holy rest and quiet have been preserved in most parts of our country." This call, in so far as itrelates to "a deeper love and better' observance of the Lord's day," is timely; espe-cially in view of the fact that the members of these organ-izations are laboring under the impression that God's words " the seventh day is the Sabbath" mean that the first day is the Sabbath; that the day which God calls "My holy day" ( isa. 58:13) is the first day of the week; and that Jesus Christ, in affirming his Lordship of the Sabbath (Mark 2:28), answered -the objections of the Pharisees by a reference to the first day of the week. We trust that during this designated season of prayer some of these individuals may become convinced that the Lord really means what He says. THE citizens of Carson, Nevada, are reported to be so well pleased with the partial revival of business and increased circulation of money that have followed the arrival in their midst of the two noted "heroes" of the prize ring, that all opposition among them to the coming "battle," has died out, and it even has the indorsement of the local clergy. In this we have an illustration of the fact that it is not morality, but money, that con-trols affairs in this world; and the men who control the monetary situation of the world, as it is to-day, are more responsible than any others for its wickedness and crime. Ir 0-4- 4 4 IN the annual report of the " New England Sabbath Protective League" for 1896, reference is made to the Sabbath as "that institution which underlies all moral-ity and true religion." Yet there is no other command-ment in the Decalogue which religious people treat so loosely. Any one of the other nine is assumed to mean what it says, and is taken as binding upon mankind just as it reads. No one seems to see any room for question about them. But when we come to the Sabbath com-mandment, which is no less plain, and specifies "the seventh day" as the Sabbath for all mankind, we are told IN an effort to point out a similarity between the American Constitution and the religious system of the Papacy, a writer in the Catholic Standard and Times, of January 23, says that "According to the Constitution every citizen is eligible to the highest position in the gift of the people, and we all know that the highest post in the hierarchy is open to the humblest son of the church. In Church and State fitness and availability and not pedigree is the paramount claim to office." This is probably the reason why Italy has been made to furnish nine tenths of the cardinals and popes. 