THE A.M_BRICA.N SENTINEL. 367 so naively told marks a characteristic human fail-ing. When artificial religion is carried to a hypo-critical extreme a corresponding laxity of consci-entious scruple will be found to offset the irksome-ness of Phariseeism. The finding of one end of a clue is the best of evidence that the other end exists. The refusing of hot water for shaving is naturally followed by the offer of hot water for a toddy. In the make-up of the " unto guid " the other ex-treme is sure to be found. In their effort to do away with personal Sunday shaving the Wesley-ans, in conference in Michigan, are reported to have voted it sacrilege to shave at all; for these idle cups of hot water Satan will be sure to find some mischievous use. The Christian at Work claims that in the en-forcement of Sunday laws discrimination is always made " between doing or having done something for one's self at one's own home, and keeping open a public place for doing the same acts for the pub-lic." Is it true that this discrimination is always made? Was it made in the case of Elder J. W. Scoles, a Seventh-day Adventist of Arkansas, who was convicted and fined for painting his own church building on Sunday; of Allen Weeks, Tined for planting potatoes in his own field on Sunday; of Joseph McCoy, fined for plowing his own farm; James Pool, for hoeing his own garden; James Armstrong for digging his own potatoes; William Fritz for working in his own cabinet shop; and other similar cases in Arkansas? In Georgia, Day Conklin was fined for cutting wood at his own kitchen door, for use in cooking the Sunday morning breakfast for his family, and was threatened with the chain-gang if he repeated the offense. Was his own door a public place, and was he cutting wood for the general public, to cook the public a breakfast? Judge Winn who presided at the trial of this case charged the Grand Jury that for a woman to knit in her own house on Sunday was indictable, and that he who saw the act and made no complaint was particeps There is no hair splitting in this. That is avoided in this judicial expression by cutting off the whole Sunday breaking head just above the shoulders. R. M. King, of Tennessee, has just gone to his death while a sentence of fine and imprisonment was hanging over him, for plowing his own corn in his own field on the first day of the week, when he had conscientiously remembered on the seventh day of the week that " the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord." The truth is that whatever may be the theory, it is the fact, that in the application of religious laws by their upholders and promoters the only rule of practice is " anything to convict." IN a convention of the American Sabbath Union, for Indiana, recently held in Indianapolis, one of the speakers on their regular programme, Stanton J. Peele, made use of the following language :Š Let us labor to reform the individual rather than the law. Let us depend more upon that higher law of man's moral nature for restraint, and less upon human enactments. A correspondent writes that the sentiment was rather a surprise to the managers of the conven-tion. They had expected their chosen speakers to express themselves more in harmony with the principles of law to compel, rather than to depend upon the real power of the gospel to work reform. .4,-.  THE Mirror, of Lake Crystal, Minnesota, reports a meeting of the Religious Liberty Association thus:Š " The Religious Liberty meeting,' held at Garden City the 5th inst., was a success. Much interest was manifested, and the principle held up was equal rights to all, and special favors to none.' If a law is just let it rest with equal force upon every citizen ; if it cannot rest with equal force upon all, without invading the inalienable  rights of man,' erase it from the statutes and let justice have undisputed sway, for injustice is in-equality before the law. Are our liberties in jeop-ardy ? Read the decision of Judge Hammond, of the United States Circuit Court, in the case of R. M. King, of Obion County, Tennessee, and draw your own conclusions." A REMONSTRANCE against closing the World's Fair on Sunday was circulated here Tuesday and Wednesday, and over 400 signatures were secured on Front Street alone, covering a length of 13 feet of legal cap paper. The petition read as follows: " The undersigned citizens of the United States of America, do hereby insist that this Government of these United States is a purely secular Government, in which all its citizens of whatever religious or non religious belief have equal rights. That the absolute separation of Church and State should in all matters under the direction of the Government be maintained. That we insist upon the right of all citizens feeling thus disposed having the right to visit such Exposition on Sundays as well as any other day of the week. That all citizens may have an opportunity to visit such Fair on such days as shall not conflict with their pa, ticular convictions." ŠThe Eye, Snohomish, Washington. 0  THE " Washington League " has been organized in Texas for the purpose, as given in its first " ad-dress to the American people," of antagonizing the encroachments of the Romish Church upon our public school system. This adds another to the long list of organizations already established for this ostensible purpose. Some of these societies are but wolves in sheep's clothing, covering under the vail of opposition to Rome the intent to es-tablish a Protestant hierarchy just as subver-sive of pure religion and civil liberty undefiled, as the power to which they offer defiance. With these are joined others who ignorantly worship at the same shrine, deluded with the idea that they are inspired by patriotism or misled by a mistaken but earnest religious zeal. Some of these organi-zations are secret in character and all are certain, in time to come, to be hot-beds of private and pub-lic violence. The secret semi-military Catholic so-cieties are legion; and a higher intelligence, whether Papal or Satanic makes little difference, is fitting them all, Šboth parties,Šfor a contest sure to come. When will these forces give battle, and what will be the result ?  -0- Ł  THE Paris correspondent of the Mail and Express describes the opening by religious ceremonial of the courts of law in Paris, and elsewhere in France, wherever there is a Court of Appeal. At Paris, the officials and dignitaries of the different courts pass in procession to the Sainte Chapelle which is opened to the public only on this particular occa-sion The choir of Notre Dame and the Archbishop are present and take art in the ceremonies, and the mass of the Holy Ghost is celebrated. The whole affair is said to be very striking and impres-sive. It has been the wont of the most prominent worker for the Sabbath Union to hold up California and France to execration as being the only spots in the civilized world totally devoid of religious law and State religious observance. It would seem that this has been a slander upon France. The National Reformers and Sabbath Unionists have long expressed an earnest hope that the civil courts of this country might be opened with reli-gious exercises. It is evident that this has been an established custom in France, and instead of pointing the finger of Sabbath Union scorn at France any longer it must be held up to us as an example of religious and devotional spirit to be imitated. That these ceremonials are Roman Cath-olic in character cannot be pleaded against them by the " Reformers " for are they not ready, pi o- fessedly so, to join hands with the Roman Cath-olics in the enforcement of Sunday and other reli-gious observances ? Cardinal Gibbons has publicly expressed himself as in sympathy with the pur-poses of the Sabbath Union and Sabbath Observ-ance Department of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, and Archbishop Ireland says, " Thank God we stand together in demanding the faithful observance of Sunday !" Let the Protestant Church, and let all the people, look before they leap into the bottomless pit to-ward which these blind leaders are drawing them. Ł Ł  THE use to which Sunday laws are put, and are to be put in the future still more than now, is well illustrated by the way they are utilized in Russia for the persecution of the Jews. Throughout the Russian Empire the general, legally authorized, market-day is Sunday, but in the towns and cities to which the Jews are restricted, stringent Sun-day laws prohibit all buying and selling on that day. So the desecration of Sunday is made legal to those who profess to observe it, while its strict observance is enforced upon those who deny its sacredness. This is a naked example of the use and purpose of all religious laws, stripped bare of the hypocrit-ical pretense used by those who are promoting the legal enforcement of religion in this country. That this is so is demonstrated by the fact that a signifi-cantly large proportion of the prosecutions thus far, for Sunday labor, have been directed against those whose conscientious scruples require them to ob-serve the seventh day religiously, instead of the first, while those who formally acknowledge the sacredness of the first day of the week are priv-ileged to labor or play on Sunday as they see fit. These prosecutions are of record and their ani-mus is self-evident. That they are what they are constitutes strong circumstantial evidence. Upon which side of the case does this evidence bear ? Ł 0 Ł THE National Swine Breeders' Association at a meeting in Chicago have made a plea to the Chris-tian world for the acceptance of American pork. As the highest evidence that they could bring of the perfect health, pure blood, and sound morals, of the American hog, they advertised the tender solicitude of the Swine Breeders' Association for the moral character, religious sensibility, and fu-ture possibilities of the swine of America, by the passage of 'this resolution:Š Whereas: The proposed Sabbath opening would deprive the animals on exhibition of the rest which is in accordance with the laws of nature and God's plan in the institution of the Sabbath, and which is so much needed in order that they may appear at their best on the remaining six days, therefore Resolved, That we, the members of the National Swine Breeders' Association assembled in Chicago, respectfully and earnestly petition the proper au-thorities that the Columbian Exposition be closed on the Sabbath day, that we may be spared the stain of a conspicuous and flagrant act of disobe-dience to God. Henceforth no " Christian nation " can consist-ently deny admittance to the "Christian" hog, and no citizen of any " Christian nation " can consist-ently refuse to eat American Sunday-keeping pork. Lecture Bureau of the National Re- ligious Liberty Association. THE Lecture Bureau of the National Religious Liberty Association is composed of competent lec-turers in various parts of the United States, and any one desiring lectures on the subject of re-ligious liberty and the relation of Church and State, may secure a lecturer by corresponding with Allen Moon, the Secretary of the Bureau, 28 College Place, Chicago, Illinois. EVERY man has a right to his own religious belief. 