34 THE A.IVIER.ICAN SENTINEL. kingship or reign was always spoken of pro-spectively. The very petition relied upon by the writer quoted above, disproves his point; " Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom." If he were reigning a king at that timeŠif he had already come into his king-domŠthen the language of the petition was very inappropriate. He was born of the lin-eage of David, but he has not yet taken his throne and his kingdom. Let us examine the Scriptures on this point. In Luke 19 it is recorded that Jesus "spoke a parable, because he was nigh to Jerusalem, and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear." He rep-resented himself thus: " A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return. . . . And it came to pass, that when he was returned, hav-ing received the kingdom," then he reckoned with his servants, and destroyed his enemies. Of course the "far country" into which he went to receive his kingdom, is Heaven. He receives it from the hand of his Father. The kingdom is on the earth; here he commits the talents to his servants; here his citizens reject his authority;, here he will come to reckon with his servants; here he will destroy his enemies. Here he had to come to take "on him the seed of Abraham," and to be born heir to David's throne. But the gift he receives in Heaven, and has not received it yet. Certainly he did not have it on the cross nor in the grave. It is also proved by the prophet Daniel that he had to go into the presence of his Father to receive the kingdom. This opens the sec-ond point. 2. They misinterpret the prophecies. Dan. 7 :13, 14, reads:Š " I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him. And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and lan-guages, should serve him; his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away." This proves that he shall receive his domin- ion at the throne of the Ancient of days, in Heaven. But that scene is laid after, not be-fore, his resurrection and ascension. By re-ferring to verses 9, 10, it is seen that this part of the vision of Daniel is fulfilled in the time of the Judgment: "The Judgment was set, and the books were opened." And with this agree the words of Rev. 11:15-18. The an-nouncement of verse 15,Š" The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ; and he shall reign for-ever and ever,"Šis much quoted by National Reformers, but they utterly ignore the fact that it is made under the seventh trumpet, which closes up this dispensation. In this chronology of this trumpet, expositors are well agreed. It is also located by verse 18: "And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they phould be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name,  small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth." There can be no question about the Judgment; it is not a past event. When he will give reward, Jesus him-self informs us: "For the. Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works." Matt. 16:27. And again: "Thou shalt be recompensed at the resurrection of the just." Luke 14:14. In Rev. 11:18 the expression is used, "and thy wrath is come." This leads us to quote again from a writer in the Christian Nation of March 10, 1886. He said:Š "The careless reader of the word of God seems to see two opposite and irreconcilable representations of the divine character. On the one hand, severe holiness, exact justice, supreme law, resistless wrath; on the other hand winning patience, tender mercy, infinite love, ?boundless grace. Even the Saviour has a twofold characterŠhimself a paradox, whose most startling contradiction is the wrath of the Lamb." The writer of the above has proved himself a very careless reader of the word. The care-ful reader of the book -of Revelation knows that it is given in lines or series of symbols, each and all culminating in one point, the Judgment, the coming of Christ, and the end of this world. Turning to Rev. 6:14-17 we read :Š "And the heaven departed as a scroll when it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out of their places. And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captions, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every freeman, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains; and said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb ; for the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be able to stand ?" Here we see the condition of things on the earth when the day of the wrath of the Lamb comes. To claim that the day of his wrath comes during his priesthood and mediation is the sheerest absurdity; it is a gross perver-sion of the Scriptures. But it seems that no absurdity is too great to be set forth by these model Reformers. Paul's words of hope and promise to the Thessalonians also locate this day of wrath: "Seeing it is a righteous thing with God to recompense tribulation to them that trouble you; and to you who are troubled [to recompense] rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels, in flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ, who shall be punished with everlasting destruction," etc. 2 Thess. 1 : 6-9. No truth is more clearly taught than this, that Christ will come to reward his saints and to punish his enemies. But the "day of his wrath " does not comeŠhe will not appear to take vengeance on his foesŠwhile he is medi-ator or intercessor. There is no paradox in the case. It is simply a question of time, as to when he fulfills the several offices assigned to him by his Father. To forward their illu-sive theories and schemes, the National Re- formers present the work of Christ, and even himself, as a paradoxŠa "most startling con-tradiction "Šwhen the contradiction is all their own. We Must trace a little further the gift of the nations to Christ. See Ps. 2 : 7-9. It says :-- "Thou art my Son; this day have I begot-ten thee. Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." He does not convert them; he breaks them and dashes them in pieces. How is this? He does not receive the gift until the Judg-ment, until his mediation is closed, when " the day of salvation " is ended, and the " day of his wrath is come." That we are not mis-taken in this view is further and fully proved by the following scriptures:Š "The Lord [Jehovah] said unto my Lord [Adonai], Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool." Ps. 110 : 1. He sits at his Father's right handŠhe is sit-ting there nowŠas priest or mediator, and will continue to sit there until the time comes to take authority over the nations, to put off the robes of his priesthood, and to "put on the garments of vengeance." Isa. 59 :17. See Paul's comment on this: " But this man [Christ], after he had offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand: of God; from henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his footstool." Hob. 10:12, 13. That is, till his foes be put under his feet ; till, the heathen and the uttermost parts of the earth shall be given to him; until the kingdoms of this world are become his. But, mark; while he is sitting on the right hand of the Majesty in the heavens, a priest or mediator, he is ex-pecting till his foes are made his footstool. He is looking forward to the fulfillment of the promise of the Father, to give him the king-dom and the dominion under the whole heaven. We think none can fail to see the harmony of the testimony on this point. The nations are not yet given to Christ, and he will never receive the sovereignty by the votes of men; he cannot be " enthroned " by legislative en-actments. The proof in this article is complete in itself, yet there is much to be said in confir-mation of this view1  and we will resume it next month. J. H. W. The Logic of It. THE National Reformers insist that the law must give the people the rest of the Sabbath. And not only give it to them, but compel them to take it. By the authority of civil law they must take the Sabbath rest whether or not they wish it. But in commenting on the meeting of locomotive engineers, held on a Sunday, the Statesman said:Š " Have they yet to learn that the Sabbath cannot be had for rest, unless we keep it sacred for worship?" By putting "this and that together," we shall learn that it is the intention of our Łmodel Re-formers to give us a legal or compulsory Sab- 