94 THE AMETICAN in seven, making him a free man one-seventh of his time, as much his own master as is the million-aire upon that day. He may wisely choose to go to church thereon, or he may prefer to go to the groves, or to the sea, or into some quiet nook for reading and meditation; he is a free agent and may do as he chooses with his time, always knowing that having chosen his way, he must meet its out-come at the end. This mild admission that every man " is a free agent and may do as he chooses with his time," does not accord very well with the general appeals for Sunday laws, which nearly all advocates, including the Doctor himself, base upon the custom of men doing as they please on Sunday. That is just what Sunday laws are designed to prevent,Šin fact it is their prime object. But there .are times in the discussion of the question when it is expedient to put a mild phase on this ideal reform. It will not do to keep the " solitary confinement " idea too exclusively in view. W. N. GLENN. Oakland, California. The Blair Sunday Bill. THERE are several semi-religious organ-izations and numerous newspapers de-voted to the work of procuring legisla-tion, State and national, in the interest of religious dogma and ecclesiasticism. The entering wedge is whittled down to a very fine point and presented as the Blair Sun-day-rest bill. This measure proposes ab-solute restriction upon all manner of sec-ular work upon Sunday in the Territories, the District of Columbia, interstate com-merce, the mail service, and such other .places and branches of service as are under Government jurisdiction. The Blair bill is the mildest form yet proposed for religious legislation; but its true significance lies in its being an in-troduction for a system of statutory re-ligion that would neutralize our free in-stitutions and substitute therefor an ec-clesiasticism that would re-inaugurate a reign of bigotry and persecution. Eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty; and we had better put up with some incon-venience than to encourage a policy that is in its nature and all its developments inimical to the religious freedom that we now enjoy at such a vast expenditure of life and treasure. There are two enemies to free government ; one is despotism, and another is anarchy, but an equally fatal tendency is that of bigotry and intoler-ance, and the latter shows out prominently in the spirit and management of those who are pressing the Sunday laws upon Congress.---Osborne, Kansas, News. A CHURCH which has not enterprise enough to teach its own religion, in its own way, in its own hours, on Sunday, and in its own households, and through its own missions, does not deserve to be allowed to tack itself on the State.ŠNew York Independent. i4t.A.ŁriorT.A.r.; RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government -to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to, use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO . Petitions Presented in Congress. ON Monday, March 3, and Wednesday, March 5, monster petitions were presented in the House and Senate against the pas-sage of the Blair Sunday-rest bill for the District of Columbia, the Blair amendment to the Constitution, embodying the en-forcement of the principles of the Chris-tian religion in the public schools or any other measure of religious legislation. In the House the petitions were presented by Representative O'Donnell, and in the Senate by Senator Stockbridge. The num-ber of individual signatures to the House petition amounted to 253,227, and to the Senate 308,377. Individual signatures of residents of the District of Columbia, numbering 7,945, were presented in the House against the Breckinridge local Sunday bill for the District. Experience in the Field. W. C. WALSTON, of Vermont, writes, in the Review and Herald: "My work con-sists in circulating the petition, circulat-ing subscriptions for the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, selling Civil Government and Re-ligion, and the National Sunday Law, and circulating other literature in opposition to religious legislation.- I have a variety of experiences, as I meet persons of differ-ent minds and views ; but it is most aston-ishing how few there are, who are in-formed in regard to the Blair bills. * * * " The first field I canvassed was my old home town. I took nearly every leading person's subscription for the SENTINEL, and sold several copies of Civil Govern-ment and Religion. I have sold this pamphlet to every clergyman I have visited, with one exception, and to nearly every lawyer. I first -visited a man of large influence, who said his attention had not been called particularly to the Blair bills, and he should want to consider the matter fully, before making any move. I left him Civil Government and Religion,  and the NatiOiaal Sunday Law to read;  and again visited him. He received Me cordi,  ally, and stated that he had read theni with interest and profit. He Said he was himself opposed to all forms of State re-ligion, and should be strongly opposed to the Blair bills. He also said he corre-sponded with one of our State Senators, and would write him his views in regard to the bills in full. " I realize that this is an important work, and it needs much wisdom and the help of God, to conduct it aright." Such an expression of their experience, and the result of their work, as this, is desired by the Secretary of the Associa-tion, from the workers throughout the field generally. WHILE the Blair Sunday-observance bill now before Congress is drawing the attention of church people that way, the Legislature of South Dakota is kicking up a rumpus with the prohibition bill it is considering. The objectionable feature of the latter bill is that it prohibits the use of fermented wine for sacramental pur-poses. The- writer is one of a large class that believes that the Bible does not re-quire that fermented wine be used at the communion table. We understand, how-ever, that the rules of the Catholic Church require fermented wine, and the clergy-men of the Episcopal Church are divided on the subject. This being the case, it seems as though the bill if passed, would be declared unconstutional, on the ground that it interfered "with the religious rights and privileges of the Church and in-dividual." These words were taken from an interview of Bishop M. N. Gilbert, of the Episcopal Church, a pronounced temperance man. It seems to us that the Dakota prohibitionists are carrying things too far. Every temperance man, with the exception of extremists, is satis-fied to confine his opposition to the liquor business to the abuse of liquor, and does not care to interfere with its legitimate use. So long as the use of fermented wine for sacramental purposes is at least an open question, it does not seem like quite the proper thing to decide with such positiveness. When the abuses of liquor are among the things of the past, it will be time enough to so regulate its use.ŠLitchfield, Minnesota, Review. THE friends of liberty must not for one moment forget that the advocates of Na-tional Sunday legislation are working night and day to secure the enactment of the Blair Sunday-rest bill. This bill is really in the interest of the Church and of the Church only, but the crafty schemers engineering it have done all they could to deceive the people into the belief that its object is "to secure to the people the priv-ileges of rest and of religious worship" on Sunday, "free from disturbance by others," just as though existing laws did not guar-antee this freedom from disturbance on all days of the week ! Beware of the Protest-ant Jesuits !ŠFair Play. C. ELDREDGE, W. H. 1VIcKEE, President. Secretary. 