AMERICAN SENTINEL. 717 of the country; and will be glad to give our subscribers the benefit of this reduction on any paper or magazine they may wish to secure. Write us for what you want, and we will be glad to quote you lowest rates. Don't be afraid of "bothering" us. True we are busyŠalways busy, but never so busy that it is not a pleasure for us to accommodate our friends. All the  publications named in our clubbing list are first-class, and can be relied upon as being as good as any of their kind. Let us save you some money when you are ready to order your papers and magazines for the year to come. Ow II 4 4 The Difference. IN conversation with an admirer of the SENTINEL a few days ago, we were shown a periodical that had in its prospectus the following:Š "Any one sending us the price of this paper will receive in addition to the year's subscription, four beautiful pictures (fully described in another column) worthy to adorn the walls of any home." The suggestion was offered that this might be a pointer to us of a plan we could adopt as an inducement `to secure and retain subscriptions for the SENTINEL. The incident gives us an opportunity to express ourselves on the subject. Let us look at this particular case a moment. The paper in question was only fifty cents a year, and the pictures were such as would ordinarily retail in a book store at from fifteen to twenty-five cents, but which really did not cost over two cents each. This latter fact is, however, not generally known, and a large class of peo-ple jump at the chance to get. as they suppose, something for nothing. It was the pictures not the paper that se-cured the subscription. This is emphatically an age of book-and-paper mak-ing. The words of the wise man were never so true as now.Š"of making books there is no end." Indeed, there is to-day more reading-matter thrust upon the public than it can judiciously utilize; and, in order to dispose of it to advantage, it seems almost a necessity for the pro-prietors to resort to sensationalism and a pretense of giving something for nothing. Now in regard to the AMERICAN SENTINEL. The only excuse we plead for its existence is that we believe it bears to the peoplefrom week to week a message of momentous importanceŠof vital interest to every man, woman, and child in all the civilized world. We therefore want the paper's mission to stand clearly in the forefront, hid by no subterfuge. We want subscribers for the AMERICAN SENTINEL because of the intrinsic value of the matter it contains. We do not want them on any other basis. The constituency of this paper support it:because of the principles in defense of which it stands. With:all their heart they believe these principles are true; and as an evidence of what they will do to give them to others, we  have only to refer to what was done in the way of increas-ing the SENTINEL'S circulation during our late special offer, which is familiar to all our readers. When our friends work for the SENTINEL, we want them to do so from a sense that they are engaging in real genuine missionary work. We want them to tell their friends and neighbors with an earnestness and tenderness that carries conviction, that there is in the SENTINEL something from week to week that vitally interests them; for it gives with a certain sound the signal of danger, and points out the way of escape from the perils with which this world stands face to face. "Just Lovely, "IT is lots better than I thought it would be," says one of our patrons who purchased one of our Combi-nation Bibles. Another, aŁ minister, writes: "I have been using the S. S. Teachers' Combination Bible nearly, two years; am more pleased with it daily. The Revised Version feature of it is 'just the thing,' and if I were going to purchase a Bible to-morrow, you may depend upon it, I would get the S. S. Teachers' Combination Bible." See advertisement on last page of this paper. We want agents to help us sell this excellent Bible, to whom most liberal discounts are offered. Send to us for information as to how to become an agent, terms, etc., Time- is short. The holiday trade is now on, and this Bible makes a splendid present to a husband, a wife, a parent, a child, a more distant relative, to anybody. Write to us. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, 44 Six months, - $1.00. .50 44  Three - ..25 ADDRESS, ArlER1CAN SENTINEL,  39 Bond Street, New York. 