APRIL 25, 1895. A\2N 135 THE SUNDAY LAW IN NORWAY. LIKE all "-Christian nations," Norway has a Sunday law on her statute books, but it never has, to my knowledge, been used to in-fringe upon the liberties of the people. Her Sundays are like the " Continental Sunday," spent mostly in pleasure seeking. Of late there has been a movement on foot in behalf of the working classes, which has re allied in the enactment of a factory law. It must be admitted that the law has some good features, but in their misguided zeal and influenced by. " "The Society for the Promotion of the Right Use of Sunday," the legislators have inserted a paragraph prohibiting ordinary labor on Sundays and festival days. Under this act the manager of the Seventh-day Adventist publishing house in Christiania has lately been fined forty kroner, the com-plaint being made by the bishop. A refusal to pay the fine was entered. A statement setting forth- our reasons for resting on the Sabbath and working on Sunday was prepared and submitted to the Home Office; and a tract, " Religious .Liberty.  and Sunday Laws," was mailed to judges, lawyers, editors, etc— to enlighten them on this important subject. On our appearing before the magistrate, the police sergeant agreed to suspend the fine until the decision of the Home Office came to hand. On the 1.7t1i of March the following commu-nication was received :Š The Local Inspector's Office, March 16, 1895. Under date of March 14, 1895, the Home Office has, in accordance with the Factory Act, Section 27, 2nd clause, and by the , recommendation of the Chief In-Bisector of Factories, given the " Scandinavian Pub-House'" permissioff until_further notice` to do such work _as:the business requires, froin six o'clock Saturday evening until ten o'clock Sunday eveningŠlitswever, not on Easter and WhitsundayŠon the con dition that only such employes a belong to the Sev-entit-day Adventist denomination be allowed to work, and' that these haire the holiday rest stipulated in the Factory Act on another day; further, that no machinery be used, and that the society in all things observe such directions as the police may deem necessary to avoid making offense. TRAP-JENSEN, Local Inspector. Why the 'Home Office could give permission to, work on Sunday "in accordance with the Factory Act, Section '27," was because the paragraph has this exemption clause: "Except . other circumstances make it [the work] unavoidably necessary." In conversa-tion with the secretary Of the Home Office he admitted that the keeping of the seventh day.  is a circumstance that justifies our working on Sunday. They claimed all the time that the law was not religious, that the only intent of it was surcease for the laborer. And on this claim we also based our right to work on Sunday. We had, of .course the right to hold them to their law. 'But mark now the condition: Only laborers belonging to the Seventh-day Advent-ist denomination must be employed on Sun-day. Why this distinction if the law is only civil ? Now we have a few employs not of our faith.; and in drawing this line, in making this distinction, the nature of the law has been plainly revealedŠthat Sunday is the object of protection, not the laborer. But could we accept an exemption in our favor only ? No. Have we the right to work on Sunday? Yes; divine right. The Lord says; "Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." rive we the right to employ anyone on Sunday who deSires to be employed? God has given us this right, and no earthly power has it to give. After interviewing the kcal inspector and  presenting the principles before him, the fol-lowing protest was entered:Š TAR': TRAP-JENSEN, Local Inspector, Ł Christiania, Referring to our interview of to-day, we wish to submit the following statement that you may the bet-ter be able to understand our position in regard to this matter If the Factory Act, Section 27, does not deny our right to work on Sunday, then we believe that this right also holds good for such of our workers not of our faith, and who also take their,rest on Saturday. For us to close the office on Sunday would make us a party to forcing them into keeping a day which they have no regard for seeing they work on it. It would also make us accessory in using a Ł law whose intent is to protect the worker (not Sunday) to rob him of one-sixth of his time and thereby cut him off from one day's earnings. Referring you to the resolution handed you this morning, that " we cannot in conscience also close our office to our employes on Sunday, nor can we refuse to allow them to work on Sunday if they desire to do so,"Šwe had in mind all of our employes, both those who work here now and those who may work for us later, no matter to what denomination they belong. Further, that we do not compel any employe to work on Sunday, as they themselves can testify, but that they have liberty to go to church or be free en-tirely. Hoping that you may see the justness of our posi-tion, we remain, Yours respectfully, THE SCANDINAVIAN PUBLISHING HOUSE, C. CASTBERG, Sec. Whether the authorities have taken any notice of this protest or not we do not know. Of course the employs are prohibited from coming to work here on Sunday. But no ar-rests have been made yet. Norway is in the midst of a political contest that takes nearly all the public attention. Before this article reaches you we may have had a change in the cabinet, and with the new heads of the differ-ent government offices we may also have a change of sentiment. Be this as it may, we know that the time has come in Norway and in fact everywhere when liberty in Christ is to be maintained at the cost of the loss of civil liberty. But we do not fear the trials when we have Jesus Christ. At most the persecu-tion can last only a little while. The end is not far off. If faithful, we shall soon stand on the sea of glass, having gained " the vic-tory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name," singing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, a song of triumph and victory. C. CASTBERG. THEY ARE FREE_ Governor Turney Pardons the Seventh-Day Adventists. LAST Tuesday Governor Turney pardoned the remaining five Adventists who have been lying out their cost in the county jail. They are Elder G. W. Colcord, W. S. Burchard, M. C. Sturdevant, D. C. Plumb, E. S. Abbott. This disposes of these cases until the July term of Circuit Court. A number of indict-ments have been found against others of these Graysville Adventists and they are under bond to be tried at the next term for Sabbath-breaking. In fact, it is understood that these indictments reach every male Adventist at Graysville. In the meantime bills are pending in the legislature affording relief to these people, and it is hoped that a way will be found to stop these prosecutions. It would certainly be a wise thing for the county to encourage these people who are bringing capital and prosperity into the community, instead of throwing such obstacles in their way as will result in driving them from us. The pardon was granted upon the recom-mendation of Judge Parks.ŠDayton (Tenn.) Republican, April .12, PERSECUTION IS GROWING. RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION seems to be grow-ing in the United States. The latest instance is in a town in Tennessee where a prosperous Seventh-day Adventist academy has been prac-tically broken up by the imprisonment of the teachers for violation of the Sunday laws. That this is religious persecution is shown by the fact that in the same town and county and State railroad trains run every Sunday, iron-works are operated seven days in the week, and innumerable forms of work and play are indulged in by the people without molestation, simply because no denial is made of the re-ligious dogma that Sunday is the Sabbath of the Lord. But when a religious sect teaches that Saturday is the Sabbath, its members are persecuted and imprisoned though otherwise they are the best citizens in the land. The people who believe in religious liberty should rally to the defense of these persecuted people ; for the liberty of all is endangered. As the Age has previously remarked, the A. P. A. society will find in Tennessee a broad and consistent field of labor and one which will relieve the society of the odium of having no apparent object other than that of dividing the workingmen into hostile political camps. ŠThe Age, Boulder; Colo., April 3. WIPE THEM FROM THE STATUTE BOOKS. (From the Jewish Spectator, March 29.) IT seems that Judge Parks, of the Circuit Court at Dayton, Tenn. in pronouncing judg-ment upon the nine Seventh-day Adventists, felt that a wrong was perpetrated by render-ing a verdict pronouncing those men .guilty of having violated the Sunday laws of the State of Tennessee. Evidently he is a fair-minded man, who recognizes in that kind of legislation an anomaly a menace to the free-dom of conscience. In the course of his re-marks, whilst upon the bench, he said := If I were to express my private feelings, however, I might say that there is nothing I regard with snore concern or solicitude than an encroachment of legisla-tive enactment upon the perSonal rights of the indi-vidual in matters of conscience. That there is a limit in these matters beyond which legislation cannot rightfully go will be conceded by every man. Where is that limit ? This is a question which even the en-lightened civilization of the nineteenth century, it seems, cannot answer. Human laws are of neces-sity imperfect. One class of individuals will claim that their rights are encroached upon in this way; an-other, in that way, and so on. The only answer " the enlightened civiliza-tion of the nineteenth century" can give is: Abolish the obnoxious, unjust laws, wipe them from the statute books of the States in which they are found. They are the vestiges still remaining of the union of Church and State, and honest judges will not be compelled to enforce penalties whilst they in their own judgment firmly believe that no wrong, no immorality, no injury have been done. As will be seen in the columns of our supplement, an effort has been made to introduce into the legislature of New York, a bill exempting those who keep the Saturday-Sabbath from the compulsory observance of the Sunday. What-ever. fate may befall this bill, we do not con-sider it a wise measure; special legislation for a special class is not in keeping with the mod-ern science of civil government. If the maxim is true, Lex est ratio summa, that " law is the perfection of reason," and that justice is not to be ignored and denied by any law in the democratic government of a nation, then both reason and justice demand that Sunday laws be annulled in every State. 