56 ANIAE SIEN9r Nib..L. VOL. 11, No. 7. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 13, 1896. far ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL eel have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE term " Christian nation," in the article on page 53 from Christian Work, is evidently used only in an accommodated sense. Even if all the people were Christians in very truth, it still would not, as our contemporary shows, be a Christian nation. Nor can we agree that it would be such even had the Government power to establish the Christian religion. A national profession of Christianity would it-self prove that the nation was not Christian. The article should be carefully read, however, as should also the editorial, " Casual Obiter Dictum," on page 50. To THE view of one not an observer of any weekly religious day, the effort of the clergy-men to secure the enforcement of Sunday observance presents itself thus: " They are cock-sure that God will punish us for a dese-cration of the sabbath, but for fear that he won't do it, they want a civil law that will enable them to go to a justice of the peace on Monday morning, and have us arrested and put in jail for neglecting the blessed privilege of going to church to hear ourselves abused by the minister for thinking for ourselves, or be put to sleep by a droning sermon." It can be easily guessed how much such efforts on the part of the clergymen do to make Christians of the unconverted. IN connection with what is said on page 55, concerning the arrest of innocent women and little children by an agent of the City Vigil-ance League for the enforcement of Sunday observance, it should be noted that while public opinion severely condemns such pro-ceedings, that condemnation does not provide a remedy for the evil. While there is a law which appeals to religious zealŠzeal for Sun-dayŠand invites exhibitions of the same in the process of its enforcement, there will al-ways be found fanatics and bigots ready to take advantage of the situation. And as the public become accustomed to such exhibitions, their condemnation is less frequently or strongly expressed. Let the law be changed so that it will not invite religious zealots to be its defenders. This is the only effective remedy. Hog. ELIJAH MORSE, of Massachusetts, who introduced recently into the House of Repre-sentatives the proposed religious amendment to the Constitution, has come to the front again with a bill to Christianize the Ottoman Empire. It provides for the appointment by the President of a citizen of the United States who shall enter into negotiations with the  heads of Christian nations throughout the world with a view to the organization of " an internatic nal Christian commission." This commission is to elect "a Christian without regard to denomination or nationality, to be provisional President of Turkey, the different divisions of the Ottoman Empire, as at present constituted, to be remanded into or treated as territories, which will be admitted as Christian states into the new Chris-tian power, to be entitled the United States of Turkey, after the manner of the State of Utah, whenever polygamy and conqueSt by the sword as religious institutions or practices shall have been abandoned. " " This measure, " sa3s the World, " has been divised by some zealous Massachusetts Christians," who, it is said, are soon to meet in this city and organize an association for its advancement. It is, of course, chiefly note-worthy as an indication of the kind of legis-lation, which may be expected when legislators become subservient to demands that may be made by the Church. TH E Catholic Review of the 25th ult. has the following:Š " The Faith of Our Fathers " has been printed in the point alphabet used by the blind. It makes two immense volumes. The first edition of fifty copies cost MO. It will be distributed by the Maryland School for the Blind, and copies will be offered to public libraries and to institutions for the blind. This book is one of the most artful Roman Catholic works extant, and is well calculated to deceive the unwary. The physically blind of our land ought not to be suffered to be made also spiritually blind by the arts of Car-dinal Gibbons. The vital, essential truths of Protestantism should be placed in their hands and that right speedily. THE " National Reform " doctrine of gov-ernmental accountability to the moral law, could it be carried into effect, would be but a scheme to rob justice of its due and thwart the decrees of God. For God's plan of moral government for the world is based upon in-dividual accountability, and that only, as is seen from the fact that there is no other sal-vation offered than individual salvation. The Word of God nowhere intimates any purpose on his part to save an earthly government. But it does plainly state that in the final day he will reward every person according to his deeds; and if some individuals could have the responsibility for some of their deeds shifted from their shoulders to the " government," on the ground of having performed them in the capacity of government officials, they would go free, while it would remain for God to deal with the intangible specter of civil government, apart from his dealings with mankind as individuals. It must be obvious to every intelligent, unbiased mind that after individual accountability has been reckoned with at, the bar of final judgment, there will be no accountability left to be considered.  Individuals may delude themselves with ideas of governmental responsibility, but they can-not deceive God nor cheat justice of the small-est fraction of its righful due. " FATHER " WALTER ELLIOTT, the Paulist missionary, is still engaged in working for the " conversion " of Protestants. He appeared recently in Turtle Creek, a suburb of Pitts-burg and, as usual, invited questions. He was asked one evening why it should make his blood boil to think that honest people be-lieved the Bible to be the divine rule of faith. The priest replied that he had never used such words, and that his blood never had boiled, so far as he knew. The following evening he was asked, If your blood has never boiled, why did you say in the Catholic World, of April, 1895, " It makes one's blood boil to think of honest people being fooled with such a preposterous delusion as that the private interpretation of the Bible is the divine rule of faith " ? " Father " Elliott had to admit reluctantly that he had used those words in the Catholic World of that date, but said that he ought not to have done so and was sorry for it. However, it is none the less true that such is Roman Catholic sentiment concerning not only the private interpretation of the Bible, but the Bible itself, and any or all interpretations of it except that by " the church." A SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST missionary in Russia writes to the Present Truth, of Lon-don, saying:.---, One of our Gelman churches in the South, of some forty members, has of late been forbidden to assemble on the Sabbath. As they persisted, the whole church was imprisoned twice, twenty-four hours each time, and then they have four times been fitted fifty Cents (2s.) each, and threatened that in case they do not pay their fine, everything they have will be sold; but their trust is in the Lord. This is only the logical outcome of State regulation of sabbath observance. One reason why Sunday work by Sabbatarians is objected to in various places is, that it is " of perni-cious example," " immoral," etc. It was said in Western Tennessee, " We are not going to have you Adventists teaching our children, by your example, that Sunday is not the Sab-bath, and that Saturday is." The observ-ance of the day as sacred to rest and worship certainly teaches that it is the Sabbath; hence, if government prohibits Sunday work because Ł of its testimony again'St Sunchiy sacredness, it is only logical that it shall also forbid Sabbath rest. AMERICAN SENTINEL Set for the defense of liberty of, conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year. - - - In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75 25 and under 50 " 66 44 1 46 60c  " 50 and under 100 " 44 44 1 44 55c  100 or more 44 1 " 50, To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " 15e Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 