274 THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. ing the laws of the State. But it seems that this man had done no more than all his neighbors had done, that is, chop a little wood for immediate use, as a necessity. In fact, one of the witnesses it is said, has frequently driven his team all day Sun-day to be at the market in Atlanta early Monday morning." " What is the reason for the conviction, then ? " Simply this: The poor man happened to have a conscience which led him to observe Sat-urday, the seventh day of the week, instead of Sunday, the first day or the week. He is a good citizen, pays all his honest debts, and is respected by all as a man. But it seems that the people of that vicinity have a corner on religion and are determined that no one shall indulge in a belief that is not received from them. At least, one would think so from the plea made before the jury by the State's attorney. They wanted to teach the defendant that he could not come into that county and overturn the Sabbath of their forefathers. " You may talk about your jute bagging trusts and sugar trusts, but a religious trust is the most dangerous of all, and the more detrimental to the interests of the country, because it is more tyran-nical and generates more bad blood. If this man, Conklin, had not actually violated the law of the State, and the State's witness failed to show that lie had, on what principle of right and justice was he thus deprived of his hard earnings, to say noth-ing of being subjected to the odium of being thus arraigned as a criminal? " The State's attorneys took a religious view of the case," continued Mr. Corliss. "They con-tended that the Adventists were trying to displace the Sabbath of our forefathers, and to overturn the religion of all past generations. Colonel T. L. Lewis, of Alpharetta, and Colonel Philipps, of Marietta, argued that it was unjust to punish the man for working on Sunday, as his conscience led him to observe Saturday as the Sabbath, and he had kept it sacred. They also claimed that he was chopping wood for household purposes. But he was convicted ; and, to show their appreciation of his condition, as Conklin is very poor, Colonel Philipps and Colonel Lewis each gave him $10 towards paying his fine." An Inadmissible Admission. THE Cumberland Presbyterian Church, at its General Assembly in Kansas City, last May, amongst its resolutions passed the following on the subject of, the' liquor traffic:Š Resolved, That, admitting that it is a crime, it can-not be legalized without sin. It cannot be licensed without legalizing it. Therefore to vote for license is sin. This is a fair sample of the predicament into which men get when they undertake to create sins. It is probable that to their own satisfaction, that General Assembly has decided that to vote for license is sin. And, probably, that General Assembly is prepared to deal with the man who votes for a license as with a sinner, and to con- sign him to the place where, all sinners are to go, except they repent. But, have they proved that to vote for license is sin ? The conclusion in a syllogism is always as good as the premises, but it is never any bet- ter, and it can't be any better. What then, is the premise in this one? Major : Admitting that it is a crime, it cannot be legalized without sin, Minor : ft cannot be licensed without legal- izing it. Therefore to vote for license is sin. The whole thing depends upon the major, "ad-mitting that it is a crime." But suppose that is not admitted, then what? Then neither the minor nor the conclusion follows. So that all that syllogism amounts to, and all that the resolu-tion amounts to in fact is, that if it be admitted that to vote for license is sin, then it is sin. But even that doesn't follow, because it may be admitted that a certain thing is sin when there may be no sin about it. More than this. A thing may be admitted to be a crime and yet it be not sin at all. It is a crime in nearly every State in this Union to work on Sunday, and a good many.  people are doing their best to make it a- crime anywhere in all the Nation. But to work on Sunday is not sin. An act may be a crime and yet not in any way a sin.  To be a Christian in the days of Paul, in theAlornan Empire, was to be guilty of the, high- est crime Š cr imen mai estatis. But there were multitudes of people who committed that crime and yet were sinless in it. Crime is a violation,  of human lawŠa law of the State. And human lawsŠlaws of the State Šmay forbid that which is right, as the Roman Empire did when it prohibited the worship of any gods but such as were recognized by the Roman law; and as the different States of this Union do when they prohibit work on Sunday. For the Christians to worship God in the Roman Empire in the first two centuries was a crime, but it was not sin. For people to work on Sun-day in nearly all the States is a crime, but it is not sin. Consequently, admitting a thing to be a crime does not at all admit it to be sin. It may be sin. But whether it is does not at all depend upon men's admitting that it is, but upon whether God says it is. If God says a thing is sin, it is sin, whether it be admitted or not, and whether it be a crime or not. And what God does not say is sin is not sin, even though it be admitted to be a crime. We freely admit that the liquor traffic is sin, whether it is a crime or not depends upon what the State laws say. The liquor traffic is a crime in this country only in Iowa, Kansas, and Maine. In none of the other States is it a crime, be-cause the State does not prohibit it. Again : This resolution says, " Admitting that it is a crime, it can't be legalized without sin." But whether it is a crime or not, depends upon whether it is legal or not. If it is legalized, it is not crime. If it is forbidden, it is crime. Consequently, the admission is not admissible un-less the law declares the fact, and if the law de-clares it, then it is a crime whether it be ad-mitted or not. This resolution illustrates the absurdities into which men run when they confound crime and sin, and religious with civil things, as the third party prohibition element does. It also shows what the SENTINEL has constantly affirmed, that, if prohibition were secured upon the basis upon which it is demanded by the third party pro-hibition element, the condition of affairs would actually be worse than they are now. Prohibi-tion, on a civil basis, is right. But prohibition upon a religious basis,Šthe liquor traffic prohib-ited because it is irreligious or because it is im-moral, or because it is a sin,Šwould introduce into the body politic such a confusion of ele-ments as would, in a little while, prove the rem-edy to be ten thousand times worse than the 'disease, A, T9 tj, Senator Douglas and the Clergymen. IN 1854 there were 3,050 ministers in New England, who were'practical "National Reform-ers." They believed that government was not an institution " of the people, by the people, and for the people," and that governments do not " de-rive their just powers from the consent of the governed ; " But they believed all power is of God ; and that the ministry, as God's representa-tive on earth, is the fountain whence flows all power and authority. Then, as now, they attempted to dictate to Con- gress, civil policy. They claimed the right to re-prove, rebuke, and denounce with all authority and doctrine. So against the " Nebraska bill " they exercised that right thus :Š "'Po the Hon. Senate and House of Representatives of the United States, in Congress assembledŠ "The undersigned clergymen of different religious denominations in New England, as ministers of the gospel of Jesus Christ, hereby in the name of Al-mighty God, and in his presence, do solemnly pro-test against the passage of what is known as the Nebraska bill. We protest against it as a great moral wrong, exposing us to the righteous judgments of the Almighty." But congress would recognize them only as citi-zens, and not as judges to pronounce the verdict and dire decrees of Jehovah. For this offense twenty-five ministers, assembled in Chicago, passed resolutions charging Congress with disrespect to man and God. Here is their own statement of Air divine prerogative :Š "Resolved first, That the ministry is the divinely-appointed institution for the declaration and enforce-ment of God's will upon all points of moral and re-ligious truth ; and that as such, it is their duty to re-prove, rebuke, and exhort, with all authority and doctrine." In a letter dated April 6, 1854, Stephen A. Douglas replied :Š " I understand your position to be this: that you are ministers of the gospel ; ' that the min- istry is the divinely-appointed institution for the declaration and enforcement of God's will upon all points of moral and religious truth;' that this divinely-appointed institution' is empowered to declare' what questions of a civil, political, judicial, or legislative character, do involve `points of moral and religious truth ; ' and that, clothed with all authority and doctrine,' this divinely-appointed institution' proceeds to issue its mandates to the Congress of the United States in the name of the Almighty God.' This being your position, I must be permitted to say to you, in all Christian kindness, that I differ with you widely, radically, and fundamentally, in respect to the nature and extent of your rights, duties, and powers, as ministers of the gospel. If the claims of this divinely-appointed institution ' shall be enforced, and the various public functionaries shall yield their judgment to your supervision, and their consciences to your keeping, there will be nolimit to your temporal power except your own wise discretion and virtuous forbearance. If your 'divinely-appointed institution' has the power to prescribe the mode and the terms for the organization of Nebraska, I see no reason why your authority may not be extended over the whole continent. " The will of the people, expressed in obedience to the forms and provisions of the Constitution, is the supreme law of the land. But your office as ministers is not prov ided for in the Constitution. Nowhere in the Constitution or laws of any of the States, or of the United States, is there to be found a provision constituting or recognizing you 