11-1 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 107 Plain Talk by a Chicago Divine. IN a sermon on the subject of religious liberty, published in the Inter-Ocean, of February 9,, Rev. Geo. W. Ballenger, pastor of, the First Evangelical Church of South Chicago, said :Š "You can fetter the limbs, lacerate the flesh, and torture the body, but the con:,  science cries, ' I will be free.' The people of God love this freedom of conscience so dearly that in the history of the past they have chosen to suffer every imaginable kind of persecution that blind zeal and satanic, hatred could inflict, millions choos-ing death in the most horrible manner, rather than recant and surrender their Bight to worship God according to the dictates of conscience. And firmly believ-ing that there are many at the present time who guard the wealth of conscience with as much sacredness, and would suffer equally as much now as did our ancestors in the Dark Ages rather than hush the voice of conscience and surrender their God-given rights, I am in favor of re-ligious liberty alike for all. I am decid-edly opposed to the present attempt on the part of manyŠand some ,of them high in the churchŠto secure legislation on purely religious matters, which can not but result in religious persecution. These so-called reforms demand the careful study of 'the American people at the present time. Especially does it become the press-ing duty of the clergy to acquaint them-selves with the signs of the times. I am compelled to believe there is a necessity for rallying in defense of the United States Hof America;--which guarantees to every man the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. " The venomous head of the persecuting monster can be seen to-day in the King case now -pending in the District Court of the United States. The treatment. which this Christian man and many more of the members of his denomination in Tennessee, Georgia, and Arkansas, have' received, is enough to mantle the Cheek of every true American with shame, andftre the Nation with just indignation. The evi-dence in the case proves him a Christian; the law, which is unconstitutional, treats him like a felon;, and while the secular press, north and South, and many states-men, East and West, have in positiVe terms expressed their 'indignation at this out-rageous persecution, flake shame to' my. self as a Christian minister that my breth-ren of the ministry, and members of the Christian churches have not protested in behalf of these our brethren. Have de-nominational lines so diVided us and priestly creeds so separated us that the common brotherhood of— Christ is lost sight of.? And is the Church of Atherica so great a backslider in heart that it must resort to the civil law in order to protect .its", doctrines ? Beware of that man or :body of men, no matter how exalted their 1 position or high sounding their title, who move in legislative halls, seeking thereby to secure the strong arm of the law to enforce their creed upon a free people!" Another Sunday-Law Convention. THE American Sabbath Union recently held a convention in Boston for the pur-pose of organizing, an auxiliary State association. Such an organization was effected, and bears the name of the Mas-sachusetts Sabbath Association. The fol-lowing officers were elected :Š President, Hon. Rufus S. Frost; Vice-Presidents, Ex-Governor W. Claflin, Rev. A. S. Gumbart, Hon. Newton Talbot, Mr. Robert Gilchrist, Mr. C. B. Botsford; State Secretary, Rev. George A. Craw-ford, D. D. ; Treasurer, Rev, W. C. Wood; Board of Managers, Rev. J. H. Twombly, D. D., Rev. W. R. Clark, D. D., Rev. A. H. Plumb, D. D., Rev. R. J. Adams, D. D., Rev. M. D. Kneeland, D. D., Rev. A. A. Miner, D. D. After such a striking array of Reverends and D. D.'s as officers and, directors, it would seem a trifle difficult for the Sab-bath Union to continue as of old, to de-clare that the movement is not in any sense a clerical one, but that it is only the effort of the poor overworked laboring man to secure his rest. Nevertheless, even this manifestation of assurance has, through much practice, become habitual to the Union, and so, if it should be re-peated here in Massachusetts, there would still be "nothing new under the sun." The convention delivered itself of the usual number of speeches against Sunday newspapers and Sunday travel, and all sorts of Sunday work; and resulted in the appointment of a committee to intercede with the Massachusetts Legislature for such a change in the State Sunday laws as will prohibit, the publication of the Sunday papers, the great," competitors of the Sunday sermon." The Chair announced as the committee to petition the Legislature relative to the publication of Sunday papers, the follow-ing Rev. Dr. Cook, Rev. Dr. Miner, Rev. Dr. Gordon, Rev. Dr. Thomas, Rev. Dr. Brodbeck, Rev. Dr. Chadbourne, Hon. Jonathan A. Lane, and Hon. E, H. Dunn, with power to fill vacancies. Another list of Rev. D. D.'s, which makes the poor-overworked-laboring-man plea look as though it were smitten with consumption. When these Reverend gen-tlemen are lecturing before popular audi-ences, for the purpose of arousing sym-pathy and support for their Sunday-law schemes, one would often think, to hear them, that they had so utterly forgotten themselves and their own clerical inter-ests, and had so completely become en rap-port with the hard-fisted toilers, that they stood there before the people, the person-ification of the combined interests of or-ganized labor, a sort Of a national Knights of Labor combination, boiled down to 'one man. When, however, you hear them, in their own convention, tell the real rea- son why they want these Sunday laws, this rose-tinted illusion of supernal un-selfishness quickly vanishes, and it is seen that they, too, are men of like passions with common humanity, and even (shall I say it ?), with all the persecutors and inquisitors of old. Not a word about the interests of the poor toilers then, only in so far as they can twine that so-called interest into the support of their own Sunday-law schemes. All is about the post-offices, and the Sunday papers, and the Sunday trains being competitors of the churches, and so for this reason they must be controlled by law. The first resolution passed by this Bos-ton Convention was as follows:Š Resolved, That we believe that when Christ said, " The Sabbath was made for man," he uttered a principle of perpetual validity. We deprecate that theological instruction which severs all connection between the Lord's day and the principle of one day's rest in seven as recognized in the Revelation at the creation, and in the fourth commandment. And yet, no organization in the world has ever done so much to " sever the con-nection " between the Sabbath of to-day, and the divine commandment at creation and at Sinai, as the American Sabbath Union. They have everywhere insisted that there really was no necessary connec-tion between them, that there really were two separate Sabbaths, the "civil Ameri-can Sabbath," and the religious Sabbath, i. e., the Sabbath resting on the divine commandment. Ł They have everywhere insisted that these two Sabbaths were so totally sepa-rate in nature that the civil American Sabbath could and should be enforced by law, without these laws being religious laws or in any way affecting the religious Sabbath. When we have denied that total separation, and have declared that Sunday laws were religious laws in disguise, they have ever said we wore unfair, and that we misrepresented them. Now a convention of the American Sab-bath Union, right while it is working for stricter laws to enforce Sunday observance, declares that we, are right, and have been right all the time, and that they too dep-recate all attempts to sever the connection between the Sabbath and the divine com-mandment. Well, we are glad they have acknowl-edged it; but it must be remembered that this was all done in their own convention before their own people. Undoubtedly the American Sabbath Union will play the civil Sunday-law game before the pub-lic here in Massachusetts as it has done elsewhere. In fact, one of the prominent speakers in that convention has already done so very adroitly, from the Tremont Temple platform, since the convention. The next resolution passed by the' con-vention reads as follows _Resolved, That we believe that the substitution of the first day of the week for the seventh day, as 'a Sabbath, with undiminished moral obligation, was intended by "the Lord of the Sabbath" as a per- 