364 AlkflE,EZICA.N SmNrr INIEILto VoL. 9, No. 46. kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty. Behold, I come as a thief."'  Thus it is seen that the great and over-powering delusions of the last days, that shall deceive and sweep down to everlast-ing destruction all who are not rooted and grounded in the truth of God,Šall who do not stand firmly on the divine declaration, "The dead know not anything,"Šwill come through what is known as modern Spiritualism, which is nothing more and nothing less than ancient witchcraft or devil worship in a new garb, the better to deceive the people to their eternal ruin. Alexander Campbell on the Morality of Sunday Laws. [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell, the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself "Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word -of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] MR. TIMOTHY tells us in his first num-ber that his " object is the preservation of the public morals." From this sen-tence and others of similar import, it is insinuated that my efforts are leveled against the public morals. Now I would think that a man of Mr. T.'s sense of honor whould not deal so much in dark innuendoes. Let him plainly assert that I am an enemy to public morals, that I de-light in immorality and wickedness, as my native element, and that I aim at the extirpation of all moral order, and not like the crafty Ulysses attempt,Š"Spar-gere votes in vulgum ambiguas." But is it so, that T. and all those who have opposed me, have really, and in fact, identified the existing custom of fining men for Sabbath-breaking, with morality, so that he who opposeth this practice is thereby to be branded immoral and pro-fane ? Do' they think so ? Then they must think, that all those who do not fine men for all such vices as drunkenness, profanity, and Sabbath-breaking, are im-moral and profane; and those who speak or write against fines and imprisonments, as means of moralizing, are accounted as apostles of immorality and to be treated as demoralizers of society. Such views suit the latitude of Madrid or Goa; they are not suitable to the cli-mate of Pennsylvania. But perhaps they do not think so; they merely intend to hold up to odium him whom they are con-scious they cannot refute. Upon this hypothesis, perverse are their hearts, and immoral,their efforts. Let us hope better things of Mr. T. and suppose that it is with him, the cant of his colleagues; rather let us impute it to a defect in his 7  Rev. 16:13-15. understanding, than to any perversity of heart. And is it not a defect, a great defect inŁ the understanding of any man, to hold anything human, so sacred, as to suppose it immoral or profane to call it in question ? Is it not a defect in the under-standing of any man to think that the law of 1794 and morality stand or fall together ? Is it not a defect in the understanding of any man to think that before the law of '94 and the existence of moral societies there was little or no morality in the State of Pennsylvania ? Is it not a defect in the understanding of any man to suppose that either moral societies, or inquisitions have ameliorated society, or reduced the quantum of actual wickedness*0  From such views, and from such 'only, can all those dark innuendoes proceed. I choose rather to attribute them to the head than to the heart of so good a man as Timothy. It is, then, the opinion of Timothy and his colleagues, that he that opposeth the moral association of West Middletown, or the law of 1794, is in that very act im-moral and profane. But seeing I consider moral societies a moral evil, and the laws under which they act, as immoral in their tendency (how-ever well intended), the query is: whether I may not with as much propriety, and with as high a claim on the faith of the community, as T., say that "my object is the preservation of the public morals." Have I not said and demonstrated that he who pockets the four dollars taken from the Sabbath-breaker, is as great a sinner as he who violates the Sabbath ? It would then seem that I am moved to oppose the " moral association " from a conviction that they are immoral in their tendon° ŠCandidus (Alexander Campbell), in Washington (Pa.) Reporter, April 23, 1821. "The Hebrew Republic." WE publish in this issue under "Signifi-cant Paragraphs " a quotation from a New Jersey editor who professes to speak for the People's Party. His views of the mis- sion of the People's Party will delight National Reformers, who are working so earnestly and successfully for the estab-lishment of a theocracy in America, modeled after the theocracy of Israel. He regards the People's Party as the agent in the creation of the government repre-sented by the stone cut out of the moun-tain without hands, of Dan. 2 : 47. The "Ancient of Days," referred to in Dan. 7:13, is also interpreted to refer to a rep-resentative form of government such as the People's Party are to make out of the American Republic. Here is his argu- ment :Š The name [Ancient of Days] alludes to the fact that it is to be a government modeled after the Hebrew republic in which the masses chose their rulers, and Moses instructed them to " choose men who fear God and hate covetousness." Now there are about as many errors in the above statement as are to be found in the average National Reform Association utterance of the same length. The follow-ing aro some of the mistakes:, 1. The " Ancient of Days " does not refer to a form of government, but to God, the Father, who delivers to the " Son of man " a, kingdom. Dan. 7 : 9, 10, 13, 14. Rev. 11 : 15. Luke 1 : 31-35. 2. There never was such a thing as a " Hebrew republic." The government of Israel was a theocracy. 1 Sam: 8: 6, 7,  also 10: 19. Moses was chosen of God. Ex. 3:16. 3. The " masses " did not choose their rulers in the theocracy of Israel. Ex. 18: 25, 26. 4. Moses did not instruct them to choose rulers. Ex. 18: 17, 21, 22. 5. Moses himself chose the seventy rulers. Ex. 18 : 25, 26. 6. The editor has misquoted the scrip-ture he here misapplies. 7. The scripture is quoted as the words of Moses to the masses, when in fact they are (when properly quoted) the words of Jethro addressed to Moses. Ex. 18 : 17-23. There are enough errors in this para-graph, and of a suitable kind, to recom-mend their author to a place among the vice-presidents of the National Reform Association. Our excuse for noticing this matter is that the utterances of this professed spokesman of the People's Party are ex-actly in harmony with the views of that combination of churches, masking under the title of Sabbath Associations, and Na-tional Reform Association, which is at-tempting to force upon men a day not the Sabbath, and which has worked, and is working, to deform the nation; and estab-lish a man-made theocracy in the image of the papacy. God's Work a Work of Love. LAST week I said that the true follower of God entreated, not compelled, men to turn and serve their Creator, and that it was the love of God that constrained him to do this. I want to show that this is the way God would have his work done. He is a God of love, and everything he does for man is done through love to . him. God loves the sinner, but he hates the sin. He begs men to turn to him and live. His words are: " Turn ye, turn ye, from your evil ways; for why will ye die?" But first let us see what is the character of God. This we find given by God him-self in Ex. 34 : 6 and 7, in these words : "The Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, long-suffering, and abundant in goodness and truth, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and trans-gression and sin, and that will by no means clear the guilty; visiting the in-iquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon the children's children, unto the third and fourth generation." It is seen, then, that God is a just God. His character is love, and being just, he will have his work done in justice; his work will be a work of love. In his deal-ings with the children of Israel his love is shown throughout; although he led them into hard places at times, yet it was for their good, he knowing what was best for them. They were a rebellious people, but in all of God's dealings with them he never tried to force them to serve him. He won their love through manifesting his love in his dealings with them. When they were in slavery in Egypt, God appeared to Moses, his servant, in a burning bush, and spoke to him in these words : " I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their taskmasters; for I know their sorows; and I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of that land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey. . . . Now, therefore, be- 