NOW READY! THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. WE do not mean that a National Sunday Law is now ready, but that a treatise under this name, prepared by Alonzo T. Jones, is now ready for circulation. This pamphlet contains the arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, and in oppositon to the Blair Sunday-rest bell, which Mr. Jones presented before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, Dec. 13, 1888. Mr. Wilbur_F, Crafts has pronounced the report as published "MIGHTY INTERESTING READING," And Mr. Jones's comments will Make it more so. His argument is enlarged to what it would have been without Senator Blair's interruption, objections, and counter-arguments, and is accom-panied with answers to all of his objections and counter-arguments. As the Sunday question is now a living issue, this treatise will be interesting to all classes, especially legislators, lawyers, judges, and other public men. The argument is Based on Scripture and History, Constitution and Law, Showing the limits of the civil power, the unconstitutionality of the Sunday bill, an analysis of the Sunday laws and other religious legislation of the different States, the Sunday-law movement of the fourth century, the Sunday-law movement of the nineteenth century, the methods used in securing indorsemcnts to the petition for the Blair Sunday bill, and the workings of such Sunday laws as are proposed for the United States. The work contains one hundred and ninety-two pages. Price, 25 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Or OAKLAND, CAL. TEN LECTURES ON NASAL CATARRH Its Nature, Causes, Prevention, and Cure, and Diseases of the Throat, Eye, and Ear, due to Nasal Catarrh ; with a chapter of CHOICE PRESCRIPTIONS BY J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., Medical Superintendent of the Largest Medical and Surgical Sanitarium in the World. The work consists of 120 pages, and is embellished with a colored frontis-piece and SIX BEAUTIFULLY COLORED PLATES, besides many illustrative cuts of the throat and nasal cavity in health and disease. This little work costs only 30 cents, and is in great demand. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Or OAKLAND, CAL THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 7 THE field secretary of the American Sabbath Union is Rev. W. F. Crafts, of this city. Down at Washington City the other day, in a sermon on the Sunday-law question, he held up a back-wards saw which he says he got at Nazareth, in Palestine, and which is emblematic of the course of certain leaders in the Sunday movement, and informed his au-dience that it was such a saw as that that Christ laid down "Sat-urday nights" at the close of his week's work, and preparatory to his weekly rest on Sunday. And everybody knows, or ought to know, that Christ never worked on Saturday and never kept Sun-day while he was in this world. Everybody knows, or ought to know, that Saturday was the Sab-bath in Christ's day; and that he rested instead of worked on that day. Sunday, we are informed by the theologians, is kept in memory of Christ's resurrection; and it is hardly likely that he commemorated his own resurrec-tion before that event occurred. Query : In that statement did Mr. Crafts manifest his own ig-norance, or did he presume upon the ignorance of his audience ? If the latter, was it honest ? If the former, ought he not to learn before he takes it upon himself to teach? 0 IT is announced from Rome that Monseigneur Satolli, who recently returned to Rome from this country, has assured the Pope that " the Washington gov-ernment looks favorably upon the idea of having a duly accredited diplomatic representative at the Vatican." There is little room for doubt that this is true. The cry of "rum, Romanism, and re-bellion" defeated one candidate for the presidency in this coun-try, and forewarned by that cir-cumstance each presidential pos-sibility is now determined that nothing of the kind shall happen in his case. But there is abso-lutely no reason why this country should have a representative at the papal court. The crafty Leo desires it because it would be an acknowledgment from one of the greatest powers of earth that he is of right a temporal prince, and that he is unjustly deprived of his dominions. But that is something that this country has no right to acknowledge ; nor would our officials so much as think of doing so were it not for the political influence exercised  in this country by the minions of a foreign pretender to a usurped throne in Italy. DECEMBER 9-11, the American Sabbath Union held its first an-niversary in this city. The at- tendance was about fifty. Papers were read, speeches were made, and eighteen resolutions were passed. One paper "prepared ex-pressly for the occasion," but not presented, was entitled " Some Lessons Learned During the Past Year." If that paper was pre-pared by the field secretary we should like very much to see it or hear it read, especially if he gave an impartial account of cer-tain things which we know that he learned. The Union decided to establish the headquarters of the field secretary in Washington City. This is in order that he may be on the spot to superin-tend the passing of the Sunday laws which they demand. 0 THE statement of Dr. Schaff that Sunday laws are a connect-ing link between church and State is a truth that can be demon-strated by more than one line of argument embodying proofs as strong as Holy Writ. Wherever there are Sunday laws, therefore, there is a union of church and State. This is one great reason why the AMERICAN SENTINEL is so uncompromisingly opposed to Sunday laws. Any union of church and State is only evil, and any laws or governmental forms that comprise any connect-ing link between the two are wrong. THE morality as derived from religion which the State needs will be best supplied by the con-finement of its agency to things temporal and the entire omission on its part of any attempt to ad-minister things spiritual. The State can do religion no favor so great as to have nothing to do with it, and itself no favor so great as to let religion alone. The moment the two are put in alliance with each other both are injured.ŠSamuel T. Spear, D. D. 0 "THE law of love being the foundation of the government of God, the happiness of all intelli-gent beings depends upon their perfect accord-with its great prin-ciples of righteousness. God de-sires from all his creatures the service of love, --- service that springs from an appreciation of his character. He takes no pleas-ure in a forced obedience; and to all he grants freedom of will, that they may render him volun-tary service." THE BEST DUPLICATINC INKS FOR USE WITH " CYCLOSTYLE," "MIMEOGRAPH," " COPYGRAPH." Or any Duplicating Process in which a Stencil is used, are the Celebrated " Redding Inks." They Dry Fast, will not Blur nor Clog the sten-cil, Dry or Harden on Roller or Pallet, and Tire in every way A SUPERIOR ARTICLE. Send for Price Lists and Samples of Work Done with these Inks. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Or OAKLAND, CAL. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET Neat, cheap, serviceable. They perfectly secure pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it cannot fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely at-tached to any part of the clothing. A small invest-ment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. - No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens . . . 10c. No. 2. Russia leather for, 3 pens . . . 15c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BONA STREET, NEW YORE. Or OAKLAND, CAL. PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE A THIRTY-TWO PAGE MONTHLY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dissemination of true temperance princi-ples. and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is emphatically A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE, Containing what everybody wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is unlimited, embracing everything that in any way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted to farmers, me-chanics, and housekeepers, who have but little leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with profit by all. Price, $1.00 per year, or with the 800-page premium book Š " Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temperance," containing household and cook ing recipesŠ post-paid for $1.40. Address, PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL, OAKLAND, CAL. WATERMAN'S IDEAL FOUNTAIN PEN. HAS THE MOST RELIABLE arrangement for feed-in g the ink from the reservoir to the pen. It has the same sure principle of operation (capillary attraction) and simple construction (a split) that have been used by the ordinary dip pen for 5,000 years to carry the ink to the paper. Remember it is a combination of the BEST ma-terial, workmanship, -and principle of. operation. Dont waste your time or shorten your life with any other. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 I3410) STREET, NEW YORE, Or OAKLAND, CAL. 