58 A.AirmaiCA.N.  SIRN°11  IN   !HMI., VOL. 9, No. 8. gerous heresy is that of a sovereign who separates himself from part of his subjects, because they believe not according to his belief.f Similar pleas had before been made by the parties oppressed, but never before had the principle been announced by the party in power. The enunciation and defense of a principle by the party who holds the power to violate it, is the surest pledge that the principle is held in genuine sincerity. The description of the state of peace and quietness in Italy above given, applies to Italy, but not to Rome; to the dominions of Theodoric and the Ostrogoths, but not to the city of the pope and the Catholics. In A. D. 499, there was a papal election. As there were, as usual, rival candidatesŠSymmachus and LaurentiusŠthere was a civil war. " The two factions encountered with the fiercest hostility; the clergy, the Senate, and the populace were divided; " the streets of the city " ran with blood, as in the days of republican strife." t The contestants were so evenly matched, and the violent strife continued so long, that the leading men of both parties per-suaded the candidates to go to Theodoric at Ravenna, and submit to his judgment their claims. Theodoric's love of justice and of the rights of the people, readily and simply enough decided that the can-didate who had the most votes should be counted elected; and if the votes were evenly divided, then the candidate who had been first ordained. Symmachus se-cured the office. A council was held by Symmachus, which met the first of March, 499, and passed a decree "almost in the terms of the old Roman law, severely con-demning all ecclesiastical ambition, all canvassing either to obtain subscriptions, or administration of oaths, or promises, for the papacy" during the lifetime of a pope. But such election methods as these were now so prevalent that this law was of as little value in controlling the meth-ods of the aspiring candidates for the bishopric, as in the days of the republic the same kind of laws were for the can-didates to the consulship. Laurentius, though defeated at this time, did not discontinue his efforts to obtain the office. For four years he watched for opportunities, and carried on an intrigue to displace Symmachus, and in 503 brought a series of heavy charges against him. The accusation was brought before the judgment-seat of Theodoric, supported by certain Roman females of rank, who had been suborned, it was said, by the enemies of Symmachus. Symmachus was sum-moned to Ravenna and confined at Rim-ini," but escaped and returned to Rome. Meantime, Laurentius had entered the city, and when Symmachus returned, " the sanguinary tumults between the two parties broke out with greater fury; " priests were slain, monasteries set on fire, and nuns treated with the utmost in-dignity. The Senate petitioned Theodoric to send a visitor to judge the cause of Symmachus in the crimes laid against him. The king finding that that matter was only a church quarrel, appointed one of their own num-ber, the bishop of Altimo, who so clearly favored Laurentius that his partisanship only made the contention worse. Again Theodoric was petitioned to interfere, but he declined to assume any jurisdiction, and told them to settle it among them- t Milman's "History of Latin Christianity," book iii, chap. lit, par, 8, from the end. selves; but as there was so much disturb-ance of the peace, and it was so long con-tinued, Theodoric commanded them to reach some sort of settlement that would stop their fighting, and restore public order. A council was therefore called. As Symmachus was on his way to the council, "he was attacked by the adverse party; showers of stones fell around him; many presbyters and others of his follow-ers were severely wounded; the pontiff himself only escaped under the protection of the Gothic guard," § and took refuge in the church of St. Peter. The danger to which he was then exposed he made an excuse for not appearing at the council. The most of the council was favorable to Symmachus and to the pretensions of the bishop of Rome at this time, and there-fore were glad of any excuse that would relieve them from judging him. How-ever, they went through the form of sum-moning him three times; all of which he declined. Then the council sent deputies to state to Theodoric the condition of affairs, "saying to him that the authority of the king might compel Symmachus to appear, but that the council had not such authority." Theodoric replied that "with respect to the cause of Symmachus, he had assembled them to judge him, but yet left them at full liberty to judge him or not, providing they could by any other means put a stop to the present calamities, and restore the wished-for tranquility to the city of Rome." The majority of the council declared Symmachus "absolved in the sight of men, whether guilty or innocent in the sight of God," for the reason that "no assembly of bishops has power to judge the pope; he is accountable for his actions to God alone." JJ They then commanded all, under penalty of excommunication, to accept this judgment, and submit to the authority of Symmachus, and acknowledge him "for lawful bishop of the holy city of Rome." Ł FROM the foregoing facts as to both sides, the condition of civilization among the " barbarians " and that among the Catholics in the city of Rome, there can be no difficulty in deciding where civil-ization, and civil order, and peace, and good of every kind, really dwelt. All the blessings of civilization and enlightened principles were found with the " barba-rians ; " while the violence, the strife, and the determination to be chief, that belong to barbarians, were all found in the Cath-olic Church, led on by her chief leaders, and in the city of her sole possession and government. The " barbarians " gave to Italy all the blessings of enlightened civ-ilization. The Catholic Church gave to Rome such violence, strife, and bloodshed as could hardly be outdone by barbarians. Nor was this scene in Rome merely a spas-modic affairŠthis had been the customary procedure in the election of a pope for more than a hundred years. Ł AND this barbarism of the church in Rome was only the same sort as that which prevailed in the church throughout the empire where there were no heretic " barbarians " to keep order. In the eastern part of the empire the church had everything her own way, with no "bar-barian " heretics to check her barbarism anywhere, and the results were corres- § Id., par. 14. pondingly barbaric. By the council of Chalcedon, A. D. 451, the faith of the world was finally " settled," and all were forbidden, under severe penalties, "to dispute concerning the faith." But in such barbarism as pervaded all the Cath-olic Church, neither "the faith," nor laws, nor penalties were of any avail. And there were more and more violent disputes over "the faith" than there had been even before, for the monks were now the ones who took the lead in the contro-versies and the consequent rioting and barbarism. In Jerusalem a certain Theodosius was at the head of the army of monks, who made him bishop, and in acts of violence, pillage, and murder, he fairly outdid the perfectly lawless bandits of the country. The very scenes of the Saviour's mercies ran with blood, shed in his name by his ferocious self-called disciples." * In Alexandria "the bishop was not only murdered in the baptistry, but his body was treated with shameless indignities, and other enormities were perpetrated which might have appalled a cannibal." And the monkish horde then elected as bishop one of their own number, Timothy the Weasel, a disciple of Dioscorus. f Soon there was added to all this, another point which increased the fearful warfare. In the Catholic churches it was customary to sing what was called the Trisagion, or Thrice-Holy. It was, originally, the "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts" of Isaiah vi, 3; but at the time of the council of Chalcedon, it had been changed, and was used by the council thus : " Holy God, Holy Mighty, Holy Immortal, have mercy on us." At Antioch, in 477, a third monk, Peter the Fuller, " led a proces-sion, chiefly of monastics, through the streets," loudly singing the Thrice-Holy, with the addition, " Who was crucified for us." It was orthodox to sing it as the council of Chalcedon had used it, with the understanding that the three " Holies " referred respectively to the three persons of the Trinity. It was heresy to sing it with the later addition. In A. D. 511, two hordes of monks on the two sides of the question met in Con-stantinople. " The two black-cowled armies watched each other for several months, working in secret on their re-spective partisans. At length they came to a rupture. . . . The Monophysite monks in the Church of the Archangel within the -palace, broke out after the Thrice-Holy' with the burden added at Antioch by Peter the Fuller, ' who was crucified for us.' The orthodox monks, backed by the rabble of Constantinople, endeavored to expel them from the church ; they were not content with hurling curses against each other, sticks and stones began their work. There was a wild, fierce fray; the divine presence of the emperor lost its awe; he could not maintain the peace. The bishop Macedonius either took the lead, or was compelled to lead the tumult. Men, women, and children poured out from all quarters; the monks with their archimandrites at the head of the raging multitude, echoed back their religious war-cry." t These are but samples of the repeatedŠit might almost be said the continuousŠ *Milman's "History of Latin Christianity," book iii, chap. 1, par. 5. t Id. Some writers call him Timothy the Cat; but whether "weasel" or " cat," the distinction is not material, as either fitly describes his disposition, though both would not exag-gerate it. t Id., par. 81. t Id., par. 11. p Bower's "History of the Popes," Symmachus, pars. 9, 10. 