MARcit 4 -180-1, AftfirMELICAN SVNTINVIL., fti of action that are entirely inconsistent with individual liberty and the sacred rights of the family. The bill seems to be, in some measure, a substitute for the act passed in 1874, but with additional powers and limita-tions that make it a dangerous and vicious bill." After describing a number of sections of the bill, the report continues :Š The bill invades the privacy of the domestic circle and supersedes the authority of the parent in the edu-cation of children of tender age, and substitutes there-for persons authorized by act of the legislature to dis-charge these delicate and important duties. Although section three tolerates education in the family circle, it does not leave that to the choice and discretion of the parent, but provides that that teach-ing shall be under the supervision and. control of a " school commissioner or a superintendent of schools, by whatever name known in the city or the State." The same section also graciously provides that in case a child is taught at home, the instruction in the branches specified in the bill shall be at least equiva-lent to that given in the public schools. There is also a provision that, in case of the physical or mental condition of a child being such as to render its attendance at school inexpedient or impracticable, a physician's certificate may remit the penalty. The general effect of the bill is to bring all matters of education, whether in the family circle or in public or private schools, under the supervision of school superintendents or school commissioners. The neglect of the duty of educating children according to these public officials is made a misdemeanor. This bill proceeds upon the theory that the artificial and intangible body known as " the government " is a better guardian of children than those to whom they owe their existence, and that the most ignorant and incompetent public school teacher in the State is quali-fied to train any young child, while the most refined, intelligent, virtuous, and loving mother of that child, if for any reason she fails to obtain the consent of the school authorities, is not competent for that purpose. It calls for interference between parent and child at precisely that tender age when the character of the latter is unformed, and when it is in the most need of parental guidance and teaching. An attempt to en-force the provisions of this bill will be likely to lead to violence and breaches of the peace. However desirable general education may be, it never can be desirable to invade the rights of parents and the sanctity of the family in the manner proposed by this act, under the guise of public instruction. The bill specifies certain fundamental subjects of education as essential to fit a child as a member of the State. True education consists in the harmonious and symmetrical development of mind and character, and both should proceed together as far as practicable. In most cases no one is as likely to know the character of children as well as parents, and only in exceptional cases should be taken from them the absolute right to determine what and what kind of education they shall receive. The object of the public school system is to aid parents in the education of their children and not to override the parental control or usurp its place. The bill reduces parents to the humiliating position of being obliged to obtain the consent of the school au-thorities before they can teach their own childre,n, or select a teacher for them at home, and to the risk of fine and imprisonment if they act without such con-sent. Such legislation as this tends to destroy indi-viduality and 8nbstitates therefor State control in mat-ters that should always belong to the individual. It is a long step in the direction of Socialism, where all property and all individuals are placed under the di-rection of government. Dr. Kittridge, of this city, recently said: "The home is the grandest university in the world, and to its wise and religious education we owe, more than to any educating influence, the scholars and patriots and benefactors of our race." This we believe to be a true statement of the value of the home and home influ-ence; and whatever evils may exist touching the edu-cation of certain classes of our citizens, those evils cannot by any possibility justify the subversion of the homes, and home control of children, which serve to lay the foundation for all that is best and holiest in our lives and our country, The tendency of this bill, if enforced, will be to weaken parental authority over the children, and divide responsibibily between the parents and the State authorities for their education. It is in the line of the most vicious class of legislation with which we are afflictedŠthat of State interference and control in matters with which the State of right ought not to in-terfere. However paternal the government may be, in this field it should keep its hands off. Whatever maybe said in favor of enforced education of those whose education is entirely and grossly neglected, nothing can justify the public scrutiny and control of family edutcation as contemplated by this act. We therefore submit the following:Š Resolved, That the Union League Club deems this bill in the particulars mentioned a menacing invasion of the sacred rights of the family, in the matter of the education of children, and we request the members of  the legislature so to vote as to defeat the passage of the bill. Signed by E. B. Hinsdale, chairman; Edward FL Ammidown, R. M. Gallaway, Cephas Brainerd, Clar-ence C. Buel, John Jay Knox, D, B. St. John Roosa. M. M. BUDLONG, Secretary. Union League Club House, January 28, 1890. Such are the purposes, the objects, and the aims of the National League for the Protection of American Institutions, John Jay, president, James M. King, D. D., general secretary. As the legislation which it proposes is dangerous and vicious legislation, so the league which proposes it is a dangerous and vicious league. In-stead of its being for the " protection," it is rather for the destruction of American institutions. Therefore the best thing the American people can ever do is to protect American institutions themselves, by giv-ing no place to the dangerous and vicious designs of this dangerous and vicious National League for the Protection of American Institutions. A. T. J. A Plea Before a Georgia Jury. IN the trial of Messrs McCutchen and Keck, in Gainesville, Ga., for Sunday labor, which resulted in the disagreement of the jury, and the setting of the case for retrial in May, no legal counsel was em-ployed and Mr. McCutchen occupied nearly an hour and a half in an address to the jury. This address was an earnest and effective presentation of the truths and principles which apply in the case; only a condensed statement of the points made can be given here. The counsel for the State had previously cited the law and read the statutes upon which the action was brought. Taking advantage of the fact that the statutes use the three expres-sions " Sunday," " Sabbath," and " Lord's day," the defendant, in his plea before the jury, declared that the work in question was not done on the Sabbath, or Lord's day, and, that, as by the very language of the statute and the indictment the realm of the Lord's things had been entered, it was proper to go the Lord's Word---the only competent authorityŠto show what the Lord's day is. He contended that the labor in question had not been done on the Lord's day or the Sabbath, The Lord's day and Sabbath are synonymous. They are the seventh day, But Sunday is the first day, and statutory law cannot make them the same or decide that they are the same. Neither are statutes competent to decide the question as between Sunday and Sabbath. There is but one book com-petent to speak upon that subject. The speaker called for the emirt Bible and re-minded the jury that it was the identical book upon which the witnesses had been sworn; from that book he read in the 20th chapter of Exodus, beginning at the .eighth verse, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy, six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." This, the only competent authority, expressly states that the seventh day is the Sabbath day. Sunday is the first day. This is the concurrent testimony of history. Pagan and Christian recognize Sunday to be the first day of the week. The seventh day and the first day are distinct days, the Sabbath is one, Sunday is the other, there-fore, that Sabbath and Sunday are differ-ent days must be conceded. Sunday is a pagan institution. The fact that the day is called Sun day shows this to be so. This work is charged to have been done  on the Sabbath, the Lord's day. What day is the Sabbath ? The seventh day. Upon what day of the week did Nov. 19, 1893 fall, the day in which it is charged this violation of the statute of Georgia took place ? The first day. The question then necessarily arises as to whether the seventh day is still the Sabbath day. When a law is once enacted it remains in force until repealed. The only authority competent to repeal the law is the one that made it. You are bound to admit that the seventh day of the week is still the Sabbath unless it has been abrogated, and by divine au-thority. If there has been no such repeal it is a fact that the same day is the Sab-bath to-day that was the Sabbath in the days of Moses. Here the speaker entered into a detailed consideration of the passages of scripture in the New Testament referring to the first day of the week, showing in each case, from the context, that it was not the Sabbath to which reference was made. Many texts were also quoted and analyzed which spoke of the Sabbath, and contained intrinsic evidence that reference was not intended to the first day of the week. Thus the Bible was shown to give recip-rocal testimony that the first day of the week is not the Sabbath, and the Sabbath is not the first day of the week. The speaker brought explicit evidence that Christ left no record of a repeal of the law of the Sabbath, and that he and his apostles and followers observed the same seventh day during the life of Christ upon earth and a• ter his crucifixion. He showed it to be the unanimous testimony of Scripture that the day remained the same. The custom of the apostles as to the observance of the Sabbath as found in the Acts of the Apostles was stated in detail. Indeed, in one place Paul preached in the synagogue for seventy-eight con-secutive Sabbaths. If Paul preached to the Jews in the synagogue and on the Sabbath, it was necessarily on the sev-enth day. That he also himself actu-ally observed the day, Acts 28: 17, is con-clusive proof, when he says : "Men and brethren though I have committed nothing against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I delivered prisoner from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans." He was addressing the Jews. He was a Jew. It was the custom of themselves and their fathers to observe the seventh day. Then in declaring that he had com-mitted nothing at all against their custom he made a positive statement that he ob-served the same day they did. This is amply sufficient to show which day the Sabbath day is both formerly, latterly, and all the way along. He who dares to say that that everlasting and eternal code in which is inscribed the Sab-bath law may be changed or altered takes away the standard of all morality reli-gion and right. In Matthew 5: 17 is direct testimony that this law has not been changed : " Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." The law of God, therefore, remains invio-late. The Sabbath has not been changed. We have not violated it, but after keeping it in conformity with scriptural direction, have worked on the first day of the week. " As another demonstration of the identity of the Lord's day and the seventh day of the week, take two other statements 