310 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. thing for which governments are estab-lished to prevent, this comes within the rightful jurisdiction of civil government, and a failure to prohibit it is to give it legal sanction. The absence of law prohibiting a practice, when that practice comes within the jurisdiction of civil government, is to give the practice the sanction and protection of government. To illustrate : The govern-ment has no law against murder. A man is murdered, and his friends bring the murderer before the authorities for pun-ishment ; but they are told the State has no law against murder, and orders are given that the murderer be set at liberty. By this the government sanctions the act of murder. A failure to prohibit the act makes the government responsible for it. Thus it is with the invasion of the rights of the first wife by her husband's taking other wives. A failure on the part (of the government to prohibit it gives the act the sanction of the government, and, having by its failure to prohibit the act given legal sanction to it, it cannot con-tradict itself by declaring the marriage illegal at some subsequent time in order to secure to the woman her rights. The law ought therefore to prohibit polygamy that it may be faithful to its duty of se-curing to its citizens their natural rights. Neither can the plea that polygamy is practiced as a part of the religion of the Mormon, affect the argument. No relig-ious practices, however sacred in the eyes of the believer, can receive the sanction of a just government, if they infringe upon the,-rights of others. Again, to protect the Mormons in their practice of polygamy on account of their religious convictions, and prohibit the same practice among others, would be class legis-lation, which is opposed to the principles of free government. If polygamy is permitted in Utah, it must be permitted in every State and Territory in the Union. If this permission is granted the Mormon it must be granted the " Gentile ; " and, since the " Gentile " has not the religious convictions which alone make order possible in a po-lygamous society, it would be destructive of the family relation, and, through that, destructive of civilized government itself. For these reasons, we arraign this whole system as unnatural, an infringement of human rights, a menace to the good order of society, and maintain that it may be suppressed by law without infringing any principle of religious liberty, and must be suppressed in order to preserve civil lib- ,erty. A. F. BALLENGER: THE opinion delivered by Mr. Justice Cassody is, to our understanding, clear and conclusive. Bible-reading in public schools has the form and intention of re-ligious worship; and this being the fact, then to compel the people by taxation to erect and support public schools, in which such reading is a practice, is to compel them by law to erect and support places of worship.ŠNew York Independent. 2404T..81:rICIPZedkr-f)  RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the inŁ estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. The Massing of the Forces. IN an address delivered at the Lakeside Assembly, in August, Miss Frances E. Willard thanked God for the marshalling of the National Reform soldiery " march-ing as for war." At such a time, when reinforcements are so rapidly joining themselves to the ranks of the party which assumes to be the army of moral reform, it does not come amiss to enumerate the detachments of which this marching host is composed. Dr. McAllister says of these gathering forces, in the preface to his " Manual of Christian Civil Government : "Š These days of) peace do not call patriots to the battle-field. The God of nations is blessing us with rest from war. But the Christian patriot's ear catches stirring calls to more strenuous and mo-mentous conflicts than any "battle of the warriors" with its " confused noise, and garments rolled in blood." The enemies of our national Christianity are both powerful and active. They have begun their attack. Our Christian institutions of Govern-ment are at stake. And the same love of country that would summon the patriot to the field of battle, summons him now to the field of moral conflict, where the friends and foes of our American na-tional Christianity,  are deploying and skirmishing, and must soon come to the decisive engagement. The issue is stated here. Although by implication, still it is direct implication. What is it ? It is between " American national Christianity " and the Christian-ity of the Bible,ŠGod's religion pure and undefiled, which savoreth not of the things which be of this world. In whatever country it has been estab-lished, and by whatever name it has been called, whether it has been the Church of Rome, the Greek Church, the Church of England, or the American national Chris-tianity, the intent and effect of the organ-ization of a " national Christianity " has invariably been to uphold the " traditions of men,". and maintain them in the face of the divinely spoken truth of the word of God. This is the case now. Can the result be expected to differ from past similar conflicts ? It cannot, except in de- gree. And this is the only way in which it will differ. Prophecy shows it surely, clearly, definitely. But then the end comes. Here is the final deliverance, and the right does triumph eternally. Sin and wrong die with the wicked and the unjust, and exist no longer. The joy of eternal bliss and the grandeur of heavenly perfection are then attained. But these hosts, who call to one another with such sounding of the trumpet, and gather with such worldly pomp and pageantry, truly and literally an " army with banners," should stop and ask themselves who is it that will be called " great in the kingdom of heaven ?" and who is it that " in no case shall enter " therein ? Did not He in whose name they profess to assemble, accept the crown of thorns as a lowly symbol of his ministering service to mortality ? and did He not most sternly reprove his disciples when they spoke the things which savored of this world ? And who did He say should be with him in his kingdom ? Was it not the persecuted, the peacemakers, the pure in heart, the merci-ful, the meek, the mourners, the poor in spirit, and those that hunger and thirst after righteousness ? Are those terse sen-tences, in which Christ named the host of the blessed, descriptive of the serried ranks that march as for war in behalf of a " national Christianity ?" Let them who would choose between the mortal error into which the Jews fell at the first coming of Christ, (when they in their vainglory of race, and pride of the world looked for him to assume an earthly scepter, and his true kingdom which is not of time and death), take thought not to fall into such an error at his second coming. At that time the Jews stood for a distinctively national Christianity, with the Messiah as their earthly king. Who is it that stands sim-ilarly, for a distinctively " American na-tional Christianity " ? It is the National Reform party, that for twenty-seven years has been a growing power in this country. Who is it with clear-voiced utterance, " local, State, national, and world-wide " in the scope of its influence, says that Christ shall be king of this transitory, sin-defiled world,Š King of its despotic and corrupt courtsŠof its camps of license and violenceŠof its commercial robbery and injustice,ŠKing of its tyrannical and extortionate customs, and of its imperfect Constitutions,Šand that through the gate-way of political corruption Christ shall enter the realm of lawŠhuman law ? It is the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, in unison with the National Re-form party. Next to this detachment from the moth-erhood of the State, comes a maidenly con-tingent of human loveliness, fit only for a war of roses indeed, which steps in deli-cately, stately trippings to the martial music of National Reform. With the sweetest and loveliest and last C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 