AMERICAN SENTINEL. 229 The present revolution is a revolt against these measures of progress and hope. The church authorities brought volunteers from Colombia on the north and from Peru on the south, with large promises that they have failed to fulfill, as they did in Mexico the promises they made to Maximilian, which induced him to turn back from his way to Europe and safety to defeat and death. If the news received at Guayaquil is correct, the revolution is crushed.. In the first onset at Quito, the capital, it seemed about to carry all before it at one rush. Over two hundred refugees sought the protection of our flag at the mini3ter's house. Poverty and wealth were glad to sleep together on the same floor; for victory for the rebels meant confiscation of goods and heads of all they chose to take. But our feet and hearts grew light, with troops and bands and flags in Guayaquil yes-terday. This revolution being put down, other measures of progress will immediately be enacted and put in force. The civil marriage law will legitimatize thousands of marriages and tens of thousands of children. Alfaro is a good fighter, but also singularly conciliatory to de-feated foes. Room among the free and progressive governments of the people, by the people, and for the people, for the high Andean republic of Ecuador! -44  All Too True. BY H. F. PHELPS. THE following truthful and pathetic word picture of the inglorious conquest now being waged in the far East, by a nation that has made such high professions and boasts of being a Christian nation, are from the St. Paul Globe (St. Paul, Minn.), dated March 29:Š "War at its best has more of pathos than of glory. When it is waged against oppression or when principles of honor are at stake, its triumphs are shadowed by its sacrifices. When the forces of a maturing civilization, great through freedom, are exerted to crush a dawning impulse to liberty, there is little left to war but sadness. For the blood which is being poured out in the trenches at Manila no adequate return is apparent. Men like gal-lant Colonel Egbert and Lieutenant Krayenbuhl [men from St. Paul] have offered up their lives, and to what purpose? To show that the American soldier is able to die a soldier's death. Such proof was not wanted. Death is too high a price to prove a valor that is not ques-tioned. And if not for this, what then? To force our freedom upon people who have their own ideas of liberty? Freedom against freedom! History has nothing to show in parallel. Men have fought to oppress and have gloried in their triumph, but never before has liberty been offered in volleys. Obedient to his duty, fighting in contravention to every principle of his life and education, the American soldier at Manila is the noblest sacrifice that war's annals can show. "It is the pity of it all that is most apparent now,, Free blood is cementing bonds that, call them by what name you will, represent in the end only slavery. Why ours to bear this burden? The present policy in theŁ Philippines can be excused only on the ground of selfish-ness. Yet selfishness has been disclaimed. The war isŁ not one of conquest, the country is told. There is talk of manifest destiny, and the progress of civilization,Šcatch phrases that mean nothing. The truth is that all this sacrifice of life is to an end that the American people can never indorse and which even its authors are afraid to admit. In the day of reckoning, all evasions will be cleared away and the responsibility, either for a gigantic blunder or for an attempt at aggrandizement, will be fixed. . . . This is the day for only regret, for pity for the Filipino dead in the trenches, for the boy in blue falling in the advance." Union of Church and State Condemned by Old Testament. Prophecies. BY B. W. NOEL, M.A.*  "Tuus speaketh the Lord of Hosts, saying, Behold the man whose name is The Branch; and he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the Lord." Zech. 6:12, 13. The church is God's building, in which every stone is a living stone, of which every part is the holy dwelling-place of the Spirit; of which no man forms a part who does not hold fast his bold con-fession of Christ, and his joyful confidence in him to the end. This temple is to be completed by Christ, by his Spirit, and by such means as he alone originates. Un-less, therefore, the means employed by the union with the State for the promotion of the welfare of the church are such as have his authority (which they are not), they are contrary to his will, as declared by this predic-tion. Of this church there are, further, three things de-clared by the prophets which condemn the union as now existing in our country. 1. ,Let us recall a part of the prophetic vision which was presented to Nebuchadnezzar, and which is thus de-scribed by Daniel: "Thou sawest till that a stone was cut out without hands, which smote the image upon his. feet that were of iron and clay, and break them to pieces. Then was the iron, the clay, the brass, the sil-ver, and the gold, broken to pieces together, and became like the chaff of the summer threshing-floors; and the wind carried them away, that no place was found for them; and, the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth." Dan. 2: 34, 35. The four metals composing the image being declared to be four great successive kingdoms, the prophet Daniel thus expounded the symbolic fact that the stone "Ex-clergyman of the Church of England. 