TkIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 125 avail themselves of the privilege of working six days. God grants it, the Constitution permits it, justice and equality and necessity demand it. Thousands of them cannot support and educate their families if the privilege of working the six days is taken from them. They hold, and justly, too, that they have the same right to observe the seventh day that others have to observe the first day. Numbers do not and cannot regulate wor-ship to God. If this were so, no Christian would have the right to worship Jehovah in a heathen land. Just as long as the seventh-day man does not work any ill to.the life, property, chastity, or reputation of his first-day neighbor, or interfere with his worship, ho has as much right to labor on the first day as the first-day man has to labor on the seventh day. This is simple right and justice, and it would be just the same if the large majority were seventh-day keepers. But how would a Sunday law affectthese Sabba-tarians? It would take from them one-sixth of their time. In effect, it levies a tax of sixteen and two-thirds per cent. upon the seventh-day man, which it does not up on the first-day man. In all other respects, except that of the day to be observed, both classes sustain the same relation to the Government. But civil laws which designate a day to be kept by all, when there is difference in faith and practice, thereby discriminate be-tween class and class, elevating and favoring one, and correspondingly depressing and oppressing the other. Such laws are in favor of a particular religion and particular dogmas. The State, there-fore, and not the Sabbntarians, is responsible for the hardship, unless the Roman Catholic claim is true, that the individual has no right to choose his religion. As a natural result of his religion, the Jew would suffer no more hardship than the Sunday-keeping Christian. Each could work six days, each could observe one. But if Sunday is protected by law, hardship does come to the seventh-day keeper as the result of such legislation solely. Therefore we are just in saying that the State in enforcing Sunday laws places a tax upon the seventh-day keeper of six-teen and two-thirds per cent., which it does not place upon the first-day keeper. But what is the trouble with the Sabbatarian, that he should thus be discriminated against? He is God-fearing, conscientious, honest, sober, upright. He only asks what is taught by the golden rule, " What-soever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." To this class the Sunday law is a robbery, a robbery that enriches no one, that benefits no one; a robbery the only effect of which is to increase the arrogancy of what is rapidly becoming a dominant and proud hierarchy. Can any Christian, or any man even, indorse such injustice? M. C. w. Ł eŁ Too Good to Be True. IN the preface to Miss Frances E. Willard's new book, "Glimpses of Fitly Years," she says:Š "The wise ones tell us that we utterly change once in every seven years, so that from the vantage-ground of life's serene meridian, I have looked back upon the seven persons whom I know most about: the welcome child, the romping girl, the happy student, the roving teacher, the tireless traveler, the temperance organ-izer, and, lastly, the politician and advocate of wom-an's rights 1" And then, without a break, without an inter-vening word, in the very next sentence she says :Š "Since all these are sweetly dead and gone, why should not their biographies and epitaphs, perchance  their eulogies, be written by their best-informed and most indulgent critic? " What is Miss Willard as the "politician and advocate of woman's rights" sweetly dead and gone? It seems "too good to be true." We feared from the circumstances of the case that Miss Willard, as the politician and organizer of woman's rights, so far from being sweetly dead and gone, was just in the prime and vigor of her political and woman's rights career. But since herself has recorded, with her own hand, that she, as the politician and advocate of woman's rights, is indeed sweetly dead and gone, we gratefully accept the statement. Yet, for all this, we cannot avoid a lingering sense of doubt and mystification about it all. Let not anyone misconstrue anything here said in the slightest degree as the expression of a wish that Miss Willard, her actual, real self, were dead and gone, either sweetly or otherwise. All that we mean is that we are glad to have the statement under her own hand that that part of her which she describes as the "politician and advocate of woman's rights," is sweetly dead and gone. We sincerely hope that it may indeed be true. The Aims of Rome. By our form of government all the laws have their source, both theoretically and practically, in the will of the people, and are, therefore, of human origin. The Constitution of the United States was ordained and established by the peo-ple, "in order to form a more perfect union, es-tablish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-vide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-selves and our posterity." Considered collect-ively, these objects include everything necessary to the happiness, prosperity, and elevation of a Nation ; and, with the supreme and sovereign au-thority of the American people to preserve them for nearly a century, they have, thus far, proved to be much more conducive to these ends than any of the forms of government where kings, or popes, or potentates of any name or rank, have been re-garded as the only "fountains of justice." This belief cannot be delusion, in view of the present condition of the world and of the practical re-sults before us. If it is, it is a delusion which the people of the United States have cherished, and will, it is hoped, continue to cherish, with all the fervor of the intensest patriotism. It would be unjust to say that among the number of those who do cherish it, there are not many Roman Catholic laymen, and now and then a priest, who have found shelter under our institutions from European misgovernment and monarchial oppres-sion. There are, undoubtedly, many of this class who do not believe, when told, that the Papacy is now endeavoring, by the most active and per-sistent efforts, to substitute an ecclesiastical gov-ernment for this government of the peopleŠa grand " Holy Empire" for this free and popular republic which it has cost so much blood and treasure to establish and maintain. Restrained by the sincerity of their own intentions from sus-pecting others, they never stop a moment to in-quire to what probable or possible point they may be led by the uninquiring obedience to their hierarchy which is demanded of them. And the hierarchy, taking advantage of their silence, and construing it into acquiescence, let no opportu-nity escape to build up an ecclesiastical power, comprehensive enough to absorb all those powers  of the Government and the people which the Pope shall consider to be in opposition to the law of God! These foreign-born ecclesiastics have moved forward in their work with great caution and cir-cumspection. Whenever they have been enabled to employ the pen of a native citizen, they have done so, in order that, while secure in their own reticence for the time being, they could observe the effect produced. As early as 1849, Dr. 0. A. BrownsonŠwho had abandoned Protestant-ism under the pretense that it was necessary to human happiness that the whole world should be subjected to ecclesiastical governmentŠdid not hesitate to utter, in behalf of the Papacy, such doctrines as would, if established in this country, upheave the Government of the United States, and that of every State in the Union, from their foundations. In an article on "Authority and Liberty," he pointed out the absolute and plenary authority of God over all things spiritual and temporal, and denied that any body or commu-nity of men, as men, "has any rightful authority either in spirituals or temporals." As a conse-quence, he insisted that "all merely human au-thorities are usurpations, and their acts are with-out obligation, null and void from the beginning;" in other and more practical words, that the au-thority of the people of the United States over the Government is usurpation, and that all the con-stitutions and laws they have ordained and en-acted by this authority " are without obligation, null and void from the beginning ! " All "right to command," whether of parent, pastor, prince, individuals, or communities, he centers in the Pope, as " the vicar of God " on earth, and in him alone. He insists that, through the Pope, and by virtue of his authority, " religion must found the State; " and that the only " absolute and unlimited free-dom" consists in "absolute and unconditional subjection to God ; " that is, to his vicar, the Pope, who alone is authorized to declare his will. Everything contrary to thisŠnotwithstanding the Constitution ot the United States and that of every State in the Union are contrary to itŠhe pronounces to be " nonsense, or blasphemy." This author is so much dissatisfied with the structure of the Government under which he was born, and by which he is allowed the liberty of speech and of the press, even to the extent of as-sailing its most cherished provisions, as to insist that the Papacy alone possesses the only divine authority ever conferred upon an earthly tribu-nal, to make laws for the government of mankind; and that in submitting to it we submit to God, " and are freed from all human authority ;" be-cause whatsoever it teaches and commands, in ref-erence to all spiritual and temporal things, must be, and is, infallibly true. Therefore, "in the temporal order," according to him, the authority of the Papacy "is nothing but the assertion over the State of the divine sovereignty," which it rep-resents. And hence, all the authority derived from the people which does not bring the State into this condition of obedience and subserviency to the Papacy "is despotic, because it is author-ity without right, will unregulated by reason, power disjoined from justice." And, further pur-suing the same idea in opposition to the funda-mental principle of all popular and representa-tive government, he continues thus :Š " Withdraw the supremacy of the church from the temporal order, and you deprive the State of that sanction; by asserting that it does not hold from God, and is not amenable to his law, you give the State simply a human basis, and have in it only a human 