THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 130 would consider it an abridgment of his liberties which he would defend with his life, should the Catholic attempt to make him conform to all the fast days and other peculiar rites of the Catholic Church, still he would attempt the same abridgment of the liberties of the agnostic or the be-liever in some other faith by making him conform to the peculiar observance of the church, to whose creed he is a subscriber. " If the church, as a whole, has a right to enforce the observance of Sunday, the Catholic Church has the right to ask for the enforced observance of Lent and other of its fast days, and the most hot-headed advocate of enforced Sunday observance will deny that. But, gentlemen, when you deny that, you admit that in absolute justice you have no right to enforce the strict observance of Sunday, and your only remaining argument is strength, which, when used against you, you are pleased to call persecution. "These facts are commended to the careful perusal of all. They are not writ-ten in an argumentative vein, but are simply statements of facts which can be gainsaid by no one. They are written from the standpoint of a church member, but one who believes in protecting his liberties by protecting those of others." What It Means. THE Catholic Universe says :Š Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, the senior editor of the Christian Statesman, Pittsburg, evidently does all within his power to establish lines of common ac-tion in which Catholics and Protestants as Chris-tians and Americans can join. It is a worthy programme, and our best wishes to our good friend in it. Mr. Crafts quotes this in his paper evi-dently as a compliment. He may so con-sider it, but we ask, Is it? He professes to be a Protestant; but a true Protestant is one who protests against the errors, cor-ruptions, and false doctrines of the Papal Church. Such was the origin of the term. The term grew out of the great Reforma-tion of the sixteenth century, when the Christian princes of Germany at the diet of Spires, drew up a protest against the persistent efforts of the Romanists to stop the further progress o1 the Reformation, re-establish the papal hierarchy, and deny to all the freedom of speech and liberty of conscience in religious matters. They de-clared their adherence to the holy Script-ures as "the sure rule of all doctrine and life," and this "without anything added thereto." This protest gave the reform-ers the name of Protestants, and its prin-ciples are the very essence of Protestantism. But Mr. Crafts, with not a few others, is doing his utmost to establish lines of common action between the two bodies. The adherents to the Papacy evidently have an eye on him, approve his "worthy (?) programme," and to all appearances consider him a very dutiful (grand) son. But what does this mean, that Catholicism can call a professed Protestant "our good friend," and extend to him its "best wishes"? It must mean one of two things; either that Catholicism has changed, or that the Protestant has ceased to protest and is a Protestant only in name. Which is it ? All know that Roman Catholicism has not changed. It still clings to tradition as tenaciously as ever. Its desire for su-premacy is as great as ever. It still be-lieves in persecuting and punishing here-tics, and in dictating the religious belief  and controlling the consciences of men. Everywhere it seeks to establish itself in government, and only where it lacks the power does it fail to assert its sway and enforce upon the people the ceremonies of its ritual and the support of its clergy. The conclusion is therefore inevitable that it is the Protestant who has changed. The only line of common action which a professed Protestant could establish for himself and Catholics, as Christians, to join in, would be one common to Catholi-cism, and foreign and destructive to true Protestantism. And such is the fact in the case in hand. Mr. Crafts has not only indorsed the papal theory of goverment, but, as the Catholic Universe says, is doing all in his power to establish that which can be nothing more nor less than this very thing. That theory is the theocratic theory, or one in which God is declared to be the ruler. But the declaration is a lie, for God is simply said to be the ruler, while men do all the legislating, and not only tell what God wants done and what not done, but take it upon themselves to arm themselves with the vengeance which belongs only to him, and mete out punish-ment to whomsoever they declare has offended the Most High. This is the papal theory of government. It i, simply the putting of man in the place of God, and is well described in 2 Thessalonians, second chapter, where the apostle, speaking of the man of sin, says : "Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God; showing himself that he is God." The papal theory maintains that the "true faith" should be established, pro-tected and enforced by law. Mr. Crafts and the National Reform Association hold the same. That theory claims the right of the Church to say what men shall believe, and to dictate to the State what punish-ment shall be meted out to those who refuse to conform to the faith prescribed. Mr. Crafts and National Reformers advo-cate the same theory. They hold that all men should be compelled under pains and penalties of law to be religious enough to keep Sunday, the badge of their religion, at least. The papal theory denies the right of the freedom of speech and the press. Mr. Crafts upbraids certain reli-gious people with whom he differs, for exercising this right. (See his " Sabbath for Man," page 262, edition 1885). This theory justifies religious persecution. Mr. Crafts holds that in enacting religious laws, which conflict (as all such laws are bound to do) with the faith and practice of some, "the only constitutional or sen-sible" policy is to "let the insignificantly small minority . . suffer the loss" of certain of their inalienable rights.Š./b. The papal theory is that Church and State should join hands to enforce the law of God as interpreted by the Church. So, in the Christian Statesman, of April 2, 1892, Mr. Crafts says : " The Nation and patri-otism should strike hands with religion in securing obedience to the fourth com-mandment," which he interprets as teach-ing Sunday keeping, as does also the Pa-pacy. This is sufficient. We need not further extend the list of parallels. The likeness must be apparent to all. That line of work to which Mr. Crafts is devoting his best energies is but a programme for the making in this country of a veritable im-age to the Papacy of the Old World. And as Paul foresaw the rise of the one, so the  Apostle John on the Isle of Patmos f ore-saw the formation of the other. (Rev. 13: 11-18) Carried down past the time when.  the Papacy was to receive its deadly wound (the taking of the Pope prisoner by the French army in 1798), he heard certain ones " saying to them that dwell upon the earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by the sword, and did live." To him it was fu-ture. To us it is a living reality. But no true Protestant can join in any such movement, nor bow the knee to any such image when it is made. Like the German princes they will still protest, and like the loyal captives of Judah before the image which Nebuchadnezzar erected in the plain of Dura, they will not bow down though death stare them in the face. There is still need for the spirit of true Protestant-ism to be aroused, and that its voice should be heard in the land. The forces of evil are abroad, spying out the liberties of the people; the conflict between truth and error is not yet ended; there are still wolves in sheep's clothing. Loyalty to God and the right only will meet divine approval and win an immortal crown. W. A. COLCORD. Beware of the First Step I COMPULSORY compliance to a church dogma does not and can not make converts to that dogma. Human nature is such that the effect would be the reverse. Conviction does not grow out of compul-sory observances. That is a truth many people can not grasp. Even if such were the case, the principle is wrong. Reli-gions are given all the liberty conceivable. They are ŁIree to practice and preach any doctrine they please, so long as their prac-tice and preaching are not in conflict with the laws of the land. The theory of this Government, carried out to the letter, is that all shall have per-fect liberty, within the laws, but that no law shall be -enacted establishing any re-ligious doctrine or practice. The idea is that religion and government shall be en-tirely separateŠthat neither shall encroach upon the rights of the other. But religions, it seems, will never be satisfied with the liberties they enjoy, but persistently continue to endeavor to en-croach upon the province of government with the purpose of securing the reins and guiding the course of governmental affairs Šthat is, to make the government and church domination one, or, reduced to church mathematics, one and one make one, and that one to be the church. They do not expect to reach that desideratum at one jump, but little by little, so that the people will surrender their liberties in such small lots as to be almost impercept-ible, and to call forth but little opposition at each step. They have labored inces-santly for and accomplished in many States the first precedent. That is in the enactment of Sunday laws. These enact-ments, however, have not been secured on the plea of " religious observance," but simply as a physical necessity. But the religious idea, the idea that the laws shall force a religious observance, is at the bot-tom of it, and the motive of many advo-cates of Sunday laws is that there shall be a union of Church and State, however slight that union may be, and that a start is everything, and with that start a fur-ther and firmer welding together is the next step. A precedent results in won- 