AMERICAN SENTINEL. 167 darkness; but the prince of evil is not dead, and until he is chained in the pit, tyranny will not be forever past. Already Pharisaic councils have gathered together, and have said, "Something must be done to stop this agitation of the Sabbath question. If it is let alone, we shall suffer national overthrow, we shall go back to anarchy and ruin." Already righteous men have been thrust in prison, have worked in the chain gang, have been sentenced to the stocks, and there are efforts being put forth to revive blue Sunday laws, and to secure general legislation on this question. The voice of the Pharisaic council has been heard in all lands. In free Switzerland men have languished in prison for their loyalty to God's word. In Russia the Stundists and Baptists have suffered cruel persecution, and the old cry has its echo in Europe and America. The dragon is wroth with the remnant of God's peo-ple, and has instigated church and state leaders to carry on his war against the Christ in the person of his saints. Let society rub its sleepy eyes; for it was while men slept that the enemy sowed his tares. As Americans, we have prided ourselves on the absolute freedom we have at-tained, that has been guaranteed to us by our Constitu-tion, by our Declaration of Independence, and by the spirit of our institutions and principles. Secure in the exercise of our rights, we have slumbered and slept, and have forgotten that "eternal vigilance is the price of lib-erty." The lessons of history have been forgotten, the principles once so dear to Americans have been ignored. We have ceased to read history, ceased to discuss prob-lems of vital importance to the maintenance of our free institutions, and the enemy, seeing our indifference, has taken advantage of our false security, and woven about us his old net of despotism. The very fact that men are ready to enslave foreign captives, endangers the free citizens at home; for we reap what we sow. The very fact that there is a clamoring for a law that will oppress a class of conscientious wor-shipers of God, concerning whom no fault can be found, save concerning the law of their God, proves how frail is the barrier against a sea of persecution and oppres-sion. He who binds his brother's conscience enchains his own. Those who declared that it was unsafe to let Christ alone, and who nailed him to the cross, were themselves crucified by the Romans they feared would come and takeaway their place and nation, if Christ were not put to death. It is not yet too late to hush this Pharasaic cry against God's work and workers. Let all open their neglected Bibles, and ask for the guidance of the unerring Spirit, and hear the voice of the True Shepherd, and take their stand where he leadeth, lest haply they be found to fight against God: "for if this work be of God, ye cannot overthrow it." It may suffer a seeming defeat. Laws may be made whereby its advocates may suffer and die. Men crucified the Lord, but in three days he rose tri-umphant over death and the grave, and was exalted far  above all principalities and powers. God's witnesses may be slain, and men may be so deceived as to think that in killing them they are doing God service; but their blood will be required at their hands, and after all it will be found that their work of death accomplished noth-ing against the truth, but wrought simply their own ruin. The judgment will set, the books will be opened, and whatsoever has been done against God's people, will be recorded as done unto the Prince of life and glory. "In-asmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." The least that men and nations can do for God's work and workers, is to let them alone. "Every man shall give account of himself to God." F. E. B. Ix a letter from Rev. J. D. Kingsbury, commissioner to Cuba from the American Missionary Association, written to the Congregationalist, are stated the follow-ing interesting facts concerning the present religious conditions in Cuba:Š "The religious condition of Cuba is in a state of transition. The priests have been in full control. Every acre of land was valued at its sale and paid on that valuation ever after a certain percentage each year to the church. This was the only land tax. The league between the church and the state made it impossible for any Protestant faith to get foothold, and being in sole possession the Catholic Church laid a heavy tax on everything. It was so expensive to be married that many Cubans were never married. The cost of baptisms and funerals and burials and seats in the house of God and for masses was in the aggregate very large. There-fore the church was rich, its priests affluent and inde-pendent, insolent and tyrannical. Now the land tax is not collectible and all currents turn away from the priesthood." "I went by appointment to Bolondron to find out whether the people would favor the Protestant faith. My co-laborer was having a similar service in Guana-b acha. I was met by the mayor of the city and all the city officials with a brass band playing welcoming music. Three little flower girls in white presented me with flowers. "Then the throng of people, fully two hundred, marched to the mansion of Dr. Fernandes, where there was an address of welcome, and I responded. Then a sumptuous breakfast; then a service in which I set forth the freedom and largeness of the Protestant faith and worship. And all the people said, 'That is the religion we want.' I could have organized a church of a hundred members that day. "We went back to the train in procession, and I received their tender farewells, which were so hearty and affectionate that they can never be forgotten. Strong men, who could utter themselves in no other way, em-braced me in their arms. There is a deep and profound significance in those words which ring to-day through the Pearl of the Antilles: 'Viva Cuba Libre! Viva Cuba Libre!'" "Cuba libre" means very little unless it means Cuba Protestant. 