AMERICAN SENTINEL. 655 death? How, then, can the same patriotic American demand that the Filipinos should surrender and accept American sovereignty under circumstances exactly par-allel? And that parallel will not be shaken by any learned international law technicalities, which do not touch the moral element of the subject. THE imperialist organs and orators are chorusing the declaration that "the President is just as much bound to quell an insurrection or rebellion in Luzon as in Massachusetts or Pennsylvania." How can there be a "rebellion" where there are neither citizens nor sub-jects? How can there be an "insurrection" where there is no allegiance? The people of Massachusetts acknowl-edge citizenship in and allegiance to the United States. They are living under laws which they helped to make. They pay taxes which they helped to vote and of which they receive the benefit. The flag is their flag. The army is their army. Can the same be truly said of the Filipinos, who have a government and flag and allegi-ance of their own, and who have never ratified nor rec-ognized their sale by Spain?ŠN. Y. World. A CABLE dispatch dated at Paris, October 22, gives information that the French government has recognized the necessity of taking energetic measures against Jesuit conspiracies:Š "M. Millerand, Minister of Commerce, and M. Bau-din, Minister of Public Works, the Socialist members of the Cabinet, made speeches at Ivry to-day, in which they declared that the government was determined to proceed energetically to enforce the laws against reli-gious congregations, especially the Jesuits. M. Baudin was particularly violent in his denunciations of the con-gregations, declaring that they were at the bottom of the Royalist conspiracy and that they were a veritable danger to the maintenance of the republic." SUNDAY-OBSERVING missionaries in Central Africa, writes a missionary from that district, a Seventh-day Baptist, "have never let the natives know that Sunday is the first day. They all teach that it is the seventh day; hence they are all on pins and needles as to what course I shall take." And this is a plain confession on their part that they know very well that the seventh day is the Sabbath of Scripture, and that these simple-minded natives, guided by Scripture statements on the subject, would never think of keeping the first day of the week. Counting the People by Machinery. FACTS .ABOUT EAdH PERSON WELL BE TABULATE') FOB THE CENSUS BY ELECTRICITY. Our first census, made in 1795, showed the popula-tion of the United States to be five million, and the count cost Uncle Sam, who was comparatively poor then, one cent for each person. It is estimated that the twelfth census, to be made in June, 1900, will show that our people number seventy-five million, and that the item of clerk hire, in the Census Bureau alone, will exceed five million dollars. Clifford Howard, writing of "How the Next Census Will Be Taken," in the November Ladies' Home Journal, says that "although the work of enum-eration will be completed by the first of July, it will probably be two or even three months later before the last of the schedules are received at the Census Office; for not only must they all be first examined by the su-pervisors, but in many cases they will probably require revision because of some error or informality. The actual counting of the people will not be done until the schedules are turned into the Census Office. The enum-erators simply gather the facts, and the office force in Washington does the counting and the compiling, which is done by electricity. In one hundred days all the facts relating to seventy-five million people will be tabulated." TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Drab on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small-quantities and any kind a good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S-1-i:NTIN=., Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. PENSION CommissioNER EvANs says that his bureau has on file 20,000 applications for pensions arising from the Spanish war,Ša number which implies that more than half the total American forces engaged in that brief campaign were killed, wounded, or disabled. This of course is a palpable fraud. Single Copy, Per Year LC " Six months - " " Three months ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York,  