NOVEMBER 26, 1896. A.T4-attir(cA.N.  smwrIETrivithi, 371 sent nearly three million of young people whose force of character will make them the country's governors before many a moon has passed. That grand exhibition of young manhood and womanhood is the clearest omen yet seen of the coming time when Christ, whose right it is to reign, shall be supreme on Cap-itol Hill." The foregoing is taken from pages 286 and 289 of the Society's "Official Report." The reader may ask, Why call it a "National Re-formers" scene? The answer will be made plain. Let the description of the scene con-tinue. "The trustees of the United Societies filled one stone outpost. Justice Harlan's strong face and giant form' was conspicuous in the fair setting of the topmost row of the chorus. The speaker's stand was filled with Dr. Clark, Secretary Baer, Chairman Smith, Director Foster, Dr. McCrory, of Pennsylvania [Dr. McCrory is one of the Directors of the. Na-tional Reform Association, a contributing editor of the Christian Statesman, and Pres-ident of the Pennsylvania Christian Endeavor Society], and Dr. J. Z. Tyler, of Ohio. 'Holy, holy, holy!' fit opening chorus that! And how the over four thousand young voices bore that .glorious hymn to heaven. Dr. McCrory offered prayer, and then Dr. Clark made a brief address." Presenting the Banner. Dr. Clark is the founder and President of the Christian Endeavor Society, and the oc-casion is the presentation of the "Christian Citizenship Banner," which is presented an-nually to the local society that has been the most active in the modern church movement known as "Christian Citizenship." One of the principal objects of this movement is the enforcement of Sunday laws. In presenting this banner Dr. Clark said in part:Š Just a word before I Łpresent the banner to the Local Union that has reported the best work in pro-moting Christian Citizenship. What a glorious spec-tacle is thisŠthese tens of thousands I I think this scene will be photographed upon our minds as long as we live. We shall never forget the. sight at the Capitol of the nation. It means that Christian En-deavor stands for Christian Citizenship. That is the significance of this meeting. . . . Many cities have done excellently, but Cleveland excelled them all. . . . In the name of the United Societies I present this banner to the representative of Cleveland, Rev. J. Z. Tyler, D. D., who will accept it in the name of the fair city by the lake. Dr. Tyler, in his speech accepting the ban-ner, said:Š No clearer demonstration of the divine touch upon the heart of him who has led us in this movement, can be found anywhere than in the suggestion that Christian Endeavor shall give special attention to Christian Citizenship. Following Dr. Tyler's speech, the "Official Report" gives this description of the scene in its next phase:Š After these stirring exercises came the praise serv-ice. Of course the Marine Band made matchless music. Of course the regiments of Endeavorers faithfully applauded every patriotic piece, gayly swinging flags and hats and umbrellas to the more sprightly tunes, such as "Yankee Doodle." And of course Mr. Foster's tremendous chorus took hold on the very heavens. The international hymn, "America," "There is a Royal Banner," Dr. S. F. Smith's "The Cross and Victory," and Mr. Foster's own "Loyal Soldiers,"Šthose were the songs they sung.  Finally came the march down historic Pennsylvania Avenue. The Marine Band led the way with inspir-ing strains. There followed the trustees of the United Societies. Dr. Tyler (one of the trustees) bore his Christian Citizenship banner. In the center were the officers of the United Society. Very appropriately there followed the noble Committee of '96, and then came the mighty army of Endeavorers, pouring down Capitol Hill in an endless stream. "What a spectacle!" What momentous  meaning in these marching thousands with the millions they represent. Marching be-hind a banner which embodies the blighting principles of National Reform, of State-churchism, of Roman Catholicism, of the "image of the beast." What a scene for the vision of the student of prophecy is this mighty arm of twenty-five federated churches, fifty thousand strong, the representatives of many millions more, with crusader enthusiasm, marching in confident expectation that through "Christian Citizen-ship," through human law, they are to bring Christ to reign as king on Capitol Hill!.  "Christian Citizenship." Thursday evening preceding the scenes here described was devoted to the subject of "Christian Citizenship." Fifty-three pages of the "Official Report" are devoted to a re-port of the addresses on this theme, with the following introduction :Š Under two mammoth tents, in half a dozen churches. and within one great hall of the city, thou-sands of Christian Endeavorers gathered to raise songs of praise to God, and to listen to addresses by distinguished speakers on the duties of Christian Citizenship. A few quotations from the speeches will convince the reader that this movement em-bodies the principles Of National Reform which the SENTINEL has been exposing from its first number:Š If we are praying for the preservation of our Sab-bath, we must demand the nomination and election of men who will uphold its sanctity.ŠOfficial Report, p. 105. The trouble at the garden of Eden was that Adam and Eve went out and Satan stayed in. Here we must-stay in and put Satan out, and we will have Paradise regained:  What. are some. of those, evils-which threaten to spoil the Almighty's design in America? What are some of the devils which Chris-tian Citizenship should cast out? . . . The second great evil which on account of its direful effect may be called a devil is Sabbath desecration.  Upon our national sky are clouds as black and threat-ening as ever threw their shadows or rolled their thunders over a people. Place your ear to the ground and you will hear voices that bode no good to our country. . . . Let it ["Christian Citizenship"] stand for the Sabbath. Let it apply the gospel, and all of it, to the faith of the nation. ŠPp. 107, 108. Taking an interest in politics does not mean that the minister of the gospel should bring politics into the pulpit, but it does mean that he should take his pulpit into politics. It does not mean that he should bring politics into church, but it does mean, most emphatically, that the church should be translated into political power.ŠP. 109. Any Endeavorer may be as much a missionary of God in American politics as in the forests of Africa. ŠP. 117. To the Christian, Endeavorer, politics means an in-strument of righteousness. and party but the scaffold-ing around the rising kingdom of God.ŠP. 111. To whom should our country look to give us these ["a new conception of patriotism, a comprehension of civic duty"] but to us, her Christian Young people? . . . With our sisters we will strike hands that this country shall cast out her devils, and, sitting at the feet of Jesus, be clothed and in her right mind. We will no longer be silence-keepers to hell, but we will live for God; we will fight for God. And when we can no longer fight we will pray for the mildew of God's wrath on "whosoever worketh abomina-tion," or would delay the coming of the kingdom of God . . . We will force respect for the Sab-bath.ŠP. 123. A Great Change Has Come. The next recorded speech is that delivered by Dr. J. T. McCrory, one of the directors of the National Reform Association, a con-tributing editor of the Christian Statesman, its official organ, and president of the Penn-sylvania Christian Endeavor Association. This speaker saw everything to encourage the heart of a National Reformer. A great change had come over the Christian Endeavor  movement. This change was noted by Chair-man Page, who presided at the Christian Cit-izenship meeting held in Central Hall. He said thatŠ A few years ago it might have been necessary to apologize for introducing the subject, "Christian Cit-izenship," into a Christian Endeavor meeting, but it was now a timely topic.ŠP. 129. Dr. McCrory, referring to this same change in sentiment, said Let me call your attention to the fact that the as-pect of the cross is undergoing a great change in this regard. There was a time, not so long ago either, when the cross was viewed almost exclusively in ref-erence to the salvation of the individual. . . . Now, if I understand it aright, it is one purpose of this great Endeavor movement to enthrone Christ in our national life. . . . Over yonder in Scotland they have just been engaged in doing honor to the memory of the martyrs of former centuries. Who are these men? They are the men who sought in their day to get Christ into national life, and they lost their heads for it. They stood, in their day, for what they called "the crown rights of King Jesus." The same thing precisely that the Christian Citizen-ship movement of Christian Endeavor stands for in this country to day.ŠP. 127. From the same official report, we find oth-ers speaking as follows:Š It will only be when Christian men, whose thought has been quickened by the divine life and energized by the Holy Spirit, are elevated to the places of trust and honor and lauded as heroes by the patriotic sen-timent of the Republic that Christian Citizenship will have reached the acme of its claims, and the govern-ment will become in fact as well as in name a Chris-tian government ŠP. 139. Stand by every business man who closes store or factory on Sunday. Patronize him as far as possible. Bring all possible pressure to bear upon any who re-fuse to close.ŠP. 303. We have a right to make and enforce human stat-utes that call for the observance of the laws of God. As "a -matter of fact, we hav6-  -in every Stgte in the Union but one, what might be called fairly good Sab-bath laws. . . . Let us see to it that laws now in existence are enforced. . . . The home mission problem in all the denominations will be largely solved as soon as Sabbath laws are enforced.ŠPp. 304, 305. The foregoing quotations are sufficient to sustain the assertion that the "Christian En-deavor Society" has been transformed into a great "National Reform" Endeavor Society, engaged in disseminating with startling rap-idity among the rank and file of the twenty-five confederate churches which it represents, the cruel, persecuting principles of State-enforced religion. No one who has not attended these "Chris-tian Citizenship" meetings can begin to real-ize the zeal and enthusiasm manifested. These gatherings are composed largely of young people between the ages of twenty and forty who are thoroughly persuaded that their organization is destined to usher in the king-dom of God, a millennium of righteousness, when He whose right it is will come and reign. This strong incentive, together with the fact that they have coupled with this movement some worthy objects such as tem-perance reform, etc., make of them a zealous host hardly second in misdirected enthusiasm to the Crusaders of the Middle Ages. The National Reform movement, in this new form, is as much more dangerous than the original National Reform Association, as the influence of this powerful federation exceeds that of the old National Reform organization. The words of the Author of Liberty should arouse every friend of true Christsanity and of human freedom. "Can ye not discern the signs of the times ?" A. F. B. "To defend the complete independence of the religious conscience is one of the first du-ties of religion."ŠDe Pressense. 