AMERICAN SENTINEL. 153 in its navy. Our present fleet of ships and the number of officers and men in the service are too small to meet the growing demand upon the country's sea power." His recommendations, which are likely to be adopted by Congress, are: four first-class battle-ships; three armored cruisers of 13,000 tons each; six smaller cruis-ers; eight to twelve gunboats. Ł Ł SECRETARY-OF-WAR ROOT has gone to Cuba to in-vestigate the situation, and, according to report, to feel the temper of the people on the subject of annexation. With the experience of Porto Rico before their eyes, the Cubans will not be likely to favor annexation without a guarantee of free trade with the United States; which, of course, would be just as objectionable to certain of the money powers in the United States as it is in the case of Porto Rico. A Call for the Inquisition. IN a recent issue of a local paper printed in Greenwich, Ohio, appeared the following:Š "AN OPEN LETTER." "I meant all I said as to minors, and am ready to circulate a petition to-morrow praying the State of Ohio to give us a law compelling minors to attend at the church of their choice the Lord's day school; giving the marshal of our municipality the responsible duty to see it executed, assigning to their nearest school those who have no choice, and making it a misdemeanor for any one to hinder or oppose the full execution of the same, with fines and imprisonment. "Sickness or removal the only excuse for not being present at roll call every Sunday, making all parents guilty of a crime and misdemeanor who do not do all in their power to send their children to Sunday school; making the municipality furnish needful clothing to the needy ones. "Am ready to discuss the same with any one who desires at any time or place. "Respectfully submitted, "H. T. MEAD." The ordinary reader will discover at once that back of these words lies the inquisition in full. Without it how could it be determined when a child was too ill to attend Sunday school; or whether parents did all in their power to send their children to the same. We are surely nearing the fulfillment of the prophetic words of the Patmos seer concerning the lamblike power which should speak as a dragon: "And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast [the papacy] before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to wor-ship the first beast [or papacy], whose deadly wound [the loss of power to enforce its worship] was healed." ŠRev. 13:12. The spirit is already working in the hearts of men;  and all that remains is a little more time in which to mold public sentiment. Then we shall see and feel all the force of the prophet's words. H. H. BURKHOLDER. Bellville, Ohio, February 20. Methodists Attempt Persecution in Arizona. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: We begin to see the need of religious liberty literature here. A short time ago the Methodist minister and the Methodist bishop of this district tried three times to have some of our brethren [S. D. Adventists] in Solomonville arrested for Sunday work and for holding meetings in a public building there; but the judge finally got tired of them and asked them if the Adventists had molested them in any way. They said, "No." Then he asked them if the Adventists had interrupted their services or religious meetings; and they said, "No." Then he said, "You go home and mind your business and let them alone." Nevertheless, they came into our meetings and de-manded to know who was responsible for holding them, as they were going to have him arrested. The reply, given by the congregation, was, "It is all of us; arrest us all." So you see that the enemy, who "was wroth with the woman and went to make war with the rem-nant of her seed, who keep the commandments of God and have the testimony of Jesus," has not forgotten us here in Arizona. C. D. M. WILLIAMS. Tucson, Arizona, Feb. 23. Sunday Enforced in Knoxville, Tenn. IN the Knoxville (Tenn.) Sentinel, February 26, an account is given of the enforced observance of Sunday in this city. Among other things it says, "For the first time in many years the Sabbath(?) was yesterday passed in Knoxville with nearly every business feature of the day closed." Saloons, soda founts, cigar stores, fruit stands, and in fact, almost every place where a nickel could be spent presented a "cold shoulder"Ša closed doorŠto the would-be purchaser. This condition of affairs which rendered the observ-ance of the holy(?) day quiet and peaceful,resulted from a special order, issued by Chief of Police J. J. Atkins, Saturday afternoon. The order provides that the State law, which closes places of business on Sunday, must be enforced. The enforcement of this law means that not even a cigar nor a package of chewing gum can be purchased on Sunday, and drug stores are allowed to sell nothing but drugs. The police made vigilant efforts to detect violations 