354 THE SENTINEL. Answer: "This is not true, and never was true in any sense." 2. "This is what he really believes and wishes", he and his sect, and not that each individual shall select his own day of public rest and his own day of labor." Question: (1) Is this true in any sense ? That is, Do you "really believe and wish" what he says you do ? Answer: " I never did believe or wish for such a thing," (2). Do you really believe and wish what he says you do not, that is, that " each individual shall select his own day of public rest and his own day of labor " ? Answer: " I believe God has set apart the day ; but so far as human government is concerned, each indi-vidual should be left free to rest or to work." (3). To the best of your knowledge and belief, is that which the Judge here says, a true statement of the belief and wishes of your sect upon this point ? Answer: "I never knew of any of my sect believ-ing or wishing for such a thing." 3. "His real complaint is that his adversaries on this point have the advantage of usage and custom, and the laws formed on that usage and custom, not that religious freedom has been denied to him." Question: (1) Is it true in any sense that your real complaint is that the Sunday observers have the advantage? Answer: " It is not." (2). Is it your real and unqualified complaint that religious freedom has been denied you ? Answer: "That is the real complaint." 4. " He does not belong to the class that would abrogate all laws for a day of rest." Question: It is presumed that human laws only are here referred to, therefore do you believe in the rightfulness of human laws enforcing a day of week-ly rest? or do you indeed believe that all human laws enforcing a day of rest ought to be abrogated? Answer: "I believe all laws enforcing a day of rest ought to be abolished." 5. " He professes the sanctifying influence of the fourth commandment, the literal observance of which by himself and all men is the distinguishing demand of his own peculiar sect." Question: (1) Is it the distinguishing, or any other kind of, demand, of yourself, that the literal, or any other, observance of the fourth command-ment shall be enforced upon yourself or anybody else by any form of human law? Answer: "No, it is not." (2). To the best of your knowledge and belief, is any such thing the distinguishing, or any other kind of, demand of your " own peculiar sect " ? Answer: "So far as my knowledge goes, it is not. And I don't believe it ever was in any case." Yours truly, (Signed,) R. M. KING. As for the Seventh-day Adventists, as a denomination, or a "sect," or a "peculiar sect," there is something to be said also. The Seventh-day Adventists have a record upon this subject, which is plain and unmistakable. Nor is it merely a record in the common acceptation of the term. It is a public record : public, too, in the sense that it is a part of the record of the Senate of the United States. De-cember 13, 1888, the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor held a hearing upon the bill for a national Sunday law, which had been introduced in the Senate by Senator Blair, chairman of this committee. At that hearing the Seventh-day Adventists were officially represented. In the argument that was there made by them in the person of their official representative, this very point was brought out clearly and distinctly more than once, and we here present their po-sition as stated in that argument, and as since published by themselves, and which has thus been made open to all who have a mind to read upon the subject. We quote Senator Blair.ŠWould it answer your objection in that regard, if, instead of saying " the Lord's day," we should say " Sunday " ? Mr. Jones.ŠNo sir. Because the underlying prin-ciple, the sole basis, of Sunday, is ecclesiastical, and legislation in regard to it is ecclesiastical legislation. I shall come more fully to the question you ask presently. Now, do not misunderstand us on this point. We are Seventh-day Adventists; but if this bill were in favor of enforcing the observance of the seventh day as the Lord's day, we would opposeit just as much as we oppose it as it is now, for the reason that civil government has nothing to do with what we owe to God, or whether we owe anything or not, or whether we pay it or not, . . . therefore, we say that if this bill were framed in behalf of the real Sabbath of the Lord, the seventh day, the day which we observe, if this bill proposed to promote its observance, or to compel men to do no work upon that day, we would oppose it just as strongly as we oppose it now; and I would stand here at this table and argue precisely as I am arguing against this, and upon the same prin-ciple,Šthe principle established by Jesus Christ,Šthat with that which is God's the civil government never can of right have anything to do. That duty rests solely between man and God; and if any man does not render it to God, he is responsible only to God, and not to any man, nor; to any ,organization or assembly of men, for his failure or refusal to render it to God. And any power that undertakes to punish any man for his failure or refusal to render to God what is God's, puts itself in the place of God. Any government which attempts it, sets itself against the word of Christ, and is :therefore antichristian. This Sunday bill proposes to have this Government do just that thing, and therefore, I say, without any reflection upon the author of the bill, this national Sunday bill which is under discussion here to-day is antichristian. But in saying this, I am not singling out this contemplated law as worse than all other Sunday laws in the world. There never was a Sunday law that was not antichristian, and there never can be one that will not be antichristian. Senator Blair.ŠYou oppose all the Sunday laws of the country, then ? Mr. Jones.ŠYes, sir. Senator Blair.ŠYou are againstfall Sunday laws? Mr. Jones.ŠYes, sir; we are against every Sunday law that was ever made in this world, from the first enacted by Constantine to this one now proposed; and we would be equally against a Sabbath law if it were proposed; for that would be antichristian, too. Senator Blair.ŠState and national, alike ? Mr. Jones.ŠState and national, sir. Again:Š Senator Blair.ŠIn other words, you take the ground that for the good of society, irrespective of the reli-gious aspect of the question, society may not require abstinence from labor on the Sabbath, if it disturbs others? Mr. Jones.ŠAs to its disturbing others, I have proved that it does not. The body of your question states my position exactly. Senator Blair.ŠYou are logical all the way through that there shall be no Sabbath. Again :Š Senator Blair.ŠI do not see from what you are stating, but that Christ recognized an existing law, and that it is continuing at the present time. You say that it is one day, and they say that,it is another. Mr. Jones.ŠBut they are after a law to enforce the observance of the first day of the week as the Lord's day, when they confess that the Lord never gave any command in regard to it. The commandment which God gave says that the "seventh day is the Sabbath." Senator Blair.ŠIs it still the Sabbath? Mr. Jones.ŠCertainly, and we keep it; but we deny the right of any civil government to compel any man either to keep it or not to keep it. Senator Blair.ŠThe civil government of the Jews compelled its observance ? Mr. Jones :ŠThat was a theocracy. Again :Š Senator Blair.ŠYou are entirely logical, because you say there should be no Sunday legislation by State or Nation either. Mr. Jones.ŠOf course I am logical, all the way through. I want to show you the wicked principle upon which this whole system is founded, and the reason I do this is because the last step is involved in  the first one. If you allow this principle and this movement to take the first step, those who get the power will see in the end that they take the last step That is the danger. Again :Š Senator Blair.ŠYour proposition is to strike out the Sabbath from the Constitution and condition of society in these modern times ? Mr. Jones.ŠNo sir. Senator Blair.ŠCertainly, so far as its existence and enactment and enforcement by law are concerned. Mr. Jones.ŠYes, sir, by civil law. Again:Š Senator Blair.ŠYou would abolish the Sabbath, anyway? Mr. Jones.ŠYes, in the civil law. Senator Blair.ŠYou would abolish any Sabbath from human practice which shall be in the form of law, un-less the individual here and there sees fit to observe it ? Mr. Jones.ŠCertainly; that is a matter between man and his God. Again: There was a proposition made to insert an exemption clause, and upon this point we have the following words:Š Senator Blair.ŠYou care not whether it is put in or not? Mr. Jones.ŠThere is no right whatever in the legisla-tion; and we will never accept an exemption clause as an equivalent to our opposition to the law. It is not to obtain relief for ourselves that we oppose the law. B is the principle of the whole subject of the legis-lation to which we object; and an exemption clause would not modify our objection in the least. Senator Blair.ŠYou differ from Dr. Lewis? Mr. Jones.ŠYes, sir, we will never accept an ex-emption clause, as tending in the least to modify our opposition to the law. We as firmly and fully deny the right of the State to legislate upon the subject with an exemption clause as without it. . . . Senator Blair.ŠYou object to it? Mr. Jones.ŠWe object to the whole principle of the proposed legislation. We go to the root of the matter, and deny the right of Congress to enact it. Senator Blair.ŠYou say that the proposed exemp-tion does not make it any better? Mr. Jones.ŠNot a bit. Nor is this the only record in the case. February 18, 1890, the House Committee on District of Columbia held a hearing on a Sunday bill introduced by Hon. W. C. P. Breckinridge, for the District of Co-lumbia. The Seventh-day Adventists of the District of Columbia were heard be-fore this committee. From the verbatim report of the speeches made by them that day, we quote again Mr. Corliss.ŠMr. Chairman: I have little time for preliminaries, and none for personalities, I have, however, some arguments to present against the bill under consideration, merely pausing to say that I thank the last speaker (Mr. Crafts) for his confession of lack of argument in support of the bill, which he has shown in the fact of his having indulged in per-sonalities the most of the time allowed to him. I can use my time to better advantage. I will use only a half-hour, then yield a half-hour to Mr. Jones, of New York. Mr. McKee, also, has a brief, which he will present for consideration. The Chairman.ŠWe desire to know in whose behalf you appear? Mr. thrliss.ŠI reside in this city, sir, with my family. I speak in behalf of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Washington, of which I am, at present, the Pastor ; as a citizen of the United States ; and as a resident of this District. I appear, not as has been affirmed before you, to speak in behalf of a Saturday Sabbath. Far from it, Gentlemen of the Committee. If this bill, No. 3,854, were to have in-corporated into it, instead of " Sunday, or the first day of the week," the words, " Saturday, or the seventh day of the week," there is no one who would oppose it stronger than I. And I would oppose it just as strongly as I do in its present form, for the reason that it is not sectarianism that calls us here to-day; but we see in this bill a principle of religious legislation that is dangerous, not to our liberties in particular, but 