ALONZO T. JONES, }. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. - EDITORS. "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 21, 1895. NUMBER 8.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THE " MONITOR," THE PROPHECIES AND THE BEAST. IN further consideration of the complaints made by the Monitor against the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and commented upon in these col-umns last week, we notice first that it says:Š The prophecies though are the most alarming char-acteristic of the sect [to which the SENTINEL belongs]. Ordinary people and politicians are compelled to wait for the morrow to see what it will bring; but the AMERICAN SENTINEL Call pierce the future, and by chapter and verse construct the horoscope of the next century. Why should the prophecies be an alarming characteristic of any sect, or of anybody, or of anything? Is not the greater part of the Bible made up of prophecies? To respect the prophecies is only to respect the Bible. To believe the prophecies is to believe the Bible. To despise the prophecies is to despise the Bible. To make light of the prophecies is to make light of the Word of God. Is it then that the prophecies are an alarming thing to the Monitor, because the Bible is an alarming thing to Catholicism and the papacy alto-gether? As for our not being compelled to wait for the morrow to see what it will bring forth, like ordinary people and politicians, but by chapter and verse being able to know the fu-ture, why should that be counted a reproach to us or anybody else? It is written: " Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he reveal-eth his secret unto his servants the prophets." Amos 3: 7. Then when God has revealed things, why should it be considered an alarm-ing or a reproachful thing that somebody should know them? And if " ordinary people and politicians" do not know the things that are revealed by the Lord, and therefore do not know what the morrow will bring, is it not because ordinary things and politics, rather than the wisdom of the Lord, occupy their minds and attention? When God has revealed the things that the morrow will bring, then  ought not ordinary people and politicians to know as well as anybody else what the morrow will bring, and ought not all to know, who have any respect for God and his Word? The Lord has been revealing the things of the morrow ever since the day in which he told Noah of the coming floodŠyes, even from the day when Enoch, " the seventh from Adam," prophesied, saying: " Behold, the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his saints, to execute judgment upon all, and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly com-mitted, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him." Jude 14. In the book of Daniel the world-powers are described, and the history of the world is out-lined, from the days of Babylon of old until the last day and the end of the world itself. There is clearly pointed out the then coming succession of the empire of Medo-Persia to that of Babylon; the succession of the empire of Grecia to that of Persia; of Rome to Gre-cia; the division of Rome into the ten parts, caused by the barbarians; the rise of the pa-pacy as a world-power among these, and its uprooting of three of them; and the continu-ance of the papacy until it shall be destroyed and given to the burning flame at the coming of the Lord in the clouds of heaven. Now it would have been perfectly easy for any man who lived at any time in these periods, who had these prophecies and believed them, to know and to tell what would be in suc-ceeding centuries; and this, not from any wisdom or knowledge of his own, but simply by believing the Word of God. In the book of Revelation the field of prophecy is opened with Rome at the time of Christ's sojourn upon the earth; and, with many particulars added, the time is again cov-ered till the end of the world and the destruc-tion of the papacy in flaming fire at the coming of the Lord in the clouds of 'heaven. And to anyone who will read these prophecies and believe them, it will not be at all difficult to know what the morrow will bring. We confess that we do carefully study these prophecies; and we do implicitly believe them; and we are happy to be able to say that by them we do know what the morrow will bring. But with him to whom some of these things were first revealed, we freely say, " But as for me, this secret is not revealed to me for any wis-dom that I have more than any living" (Dan.  2: 30); it is open and free to all equally with us, and, equally with us, all can know who will read the prophecies and believe them. The Monitor would do far better to study and believe these prophecies than to be publishing that " the prophecies are the most alarming characteristic" of any sect, or sneering at the ability of anybody to pierce the future and know what the morrow will bring. Quoting from the SENTINEL, and comment- ing as he goes, the editor of the Monitor con-tinues as follows:Š The SENTINEL was established in 1886 to combat the organized attempt, first represented in the National Reform Association alone, and later, in the solid com-bination of the popular Protestantism of the whole country, to fasten upon the National Government the recognition and maintenance of the forms of religion Što accomplish the union of religion and the national power. The establishment of the paper was a most peculiar move, as we are told on the next page that the editor knew that the movementŠwhatever it was, we haven't the faintest ideaŠwould succeed, and what is more, would be followed by the triumph of the church of Rome. Yes, we did know from the beginning that that movement would succeed, and that its success would be followed by the triumph of the church of Rome in this country, and through this triumph it would triumph in Europe and all the world; and this we an-nounced long before Leo XIII. had publicly announced his scheme to accomplish this very thing in this very way. How it can be that the editor of the Monitor "has not the faintest idea" of what this movement was, immediately after having quoted our statement of just what the move-ment was, is a question worth asking; but that he may be fully informed on this point, we will say that there is a book now on the press which gives the full history of the move-ment and its success, and the first steps of the papacy toward her coming triumph upon the success of that movement, and as soon as this book is ready we shall send a copy to the Monitor for the editor's special information and use. Concerning the establishment of the SEN-TINEL being "a most peculiar move," in view of the fact that " the editor knew that the movement would succeed," it must be re-marked that this is another queer notion of the editor of the Monitor. What would be the use of starting a paper to oppose a movement that had in it no element of success? The SEN-TINEL was started to oppose the movement, 