156 AMERICAN SENTINEL. question" at issue when it attempts to hide behind such an "undoubtedly," without even a reference, much less a quotation, from the Word of God. Is that teaching young people to build their faith on the Scriptures? Is that loose way of avoiding a vital issue preparing young people to be stalwart Sabbath reformers? . . . All this comes because the Golden Rule does not dare to follow the Bible and the example of Christ in keeping the Sabbath. How that Protestantism, so-called, which denies the miraculous in Scripture, is . putting a weapon into the hands of Rome, may be seen by the following from the Catholic Standard and Times:Š " The example in Bible-smashing set by the Rev. Dr. Lyman Abbott, is becoming contagious. Not only did he continue his iconoclastic work last Sunday by attack-ing the character of the CanticleOf Canticles (the Prot-estant Song of Solomon), but another Congregationalist minister, the Rev. Dr. William Lloyd, of New York, de-clared his disbelief in Balaam's ass having actuallyspoken to the,  prophet. " 'I believe,' he said, 'that this talking took place in the prophet's own mind. His conscience put the words into -the dumb animal's mouth. The angel in his pathway was also a phantom conjured by his guilty conscience.' "Rationalism is evidently gaining on Protestantism with giant strides." ) Ł 44 ME editor of the leading organ of American Method-ism, who recently created a "scene" at a meeting of Methodist ministers, by declaring that the English Bible is not infallible, now says that what he said was nothing but "a truism old as the centuries." But if it was noth-ing anyway, why did he take the trouble to bring it be-fore a meeting of three hundred Methodist ministers? We would suppose that such an assemblage would hardly need to be reminded of a "truism old as the cen-turies." In this position Dr. Buckley is indorsed by Lyman Abbott, and the latter is in turn approved by " Bob " Ingersoll. When men deny the infallibility of the Bible, English or otherwise, they place themselves in a line which has an applauding atheist at the other end of it. IT would doubtless be generally conceded that in the process of arresting a man and haling him to the police station, there is nothing which savors of observance of the "sabbath." Yet some people are so anxious that everybody shall keep Sunday that they would furnish extra work for the police force on that day in arresting such as do not want to keep it. Like the man who was determined to have peace even if he had to fight for it, they are determined to have Sunday rest even if they have to make Sunday work to get it. Is it because po-licemen are supposed to have no souls or to be excused  from the requirements of divine law, that they are thus shut out from "sabbath" observance in the interests of "sabbath" observance? IN view of the complaints made nowadays by Rome's prelates about the "perversion" of history by "Protest-ant historians," it may be interesting to know what they would regard as proper history. Here is a sample, taken from an address by Cardinal Moran, Archbishop of Sydney:Š " But, in the thirteenth century, the burghers and citizens successfully asserted their claim of liberty, and broad and solid were laid the foundations of what we cherish to-day as our most precious political heritage. `For Northern Europe,' says Mr. Harrison, 'the thir-teenth century is the era of the definite establishment of rich, free, self-governing " The Papacy will not be satisfied with anything short of " history " which will eulogize the Dark Ages. THE New York World, of February 28, very properly takes exception to opposition directed against a Cabinet appointee on account of his religious belief; and defends him by quoting the First Amendment to the Constitution, which forbids religious legislation by Congress and any congressional abridgment of freedom of speech. What the World should have quoted, however, is that clause of the Constitution which forbids any religious test in determin-ing the fitness of a candidate for public office. There would be less open disregard of the Constitution if there were less ignorance on the part of the people respecting the constitutional safeguards of their rights. IT is announced from Washington, D. C., that news has been received from Rome that the Pope is preparing a bull addressed to the Catholic hierarchy in the United States calling for a "plenary council" in Baltimore on May 1. This has been done, it is said, by the special ad-yice of Satolli. Mgr. Martinelli will preside at the Coun-cil, and will be vested with plenary powers, giving him ecclesiastical preeminence over all other prelates in this country while the session continues. The subjects which will receive special attention, it is said, are public instruc-tion, nationalism, and papdl doctrine on the subject of secret societies. A KANSAS legislator named Walters has, if report be true, introduced in the law-making body of his State, a bill to give statutory force to the Ten Commandments_ In support of his bill he said that "the men of the pres-ent generation have become doubters and scoffers," and that "having no fear of punishment beyond the grave,. they continually violate the law given on Mount Sinai." Religious people are nowadays getting so intoxicated with the idea, of making people moral by law, that there is not much reason to doubt the truth of this report. 