SVNT1NEL. 4.; and what is i'ny house, that thou Nast brought me hitherto ? And this was yet a small thing in thy sight, 0 Lord God; but thou hast spoken also of thy servant's house for a great while to come." "For thou hast confirmed to thyself thy people Israel to be a people unto thee forever." This promise to David, like the promise to Abraham, was a promise to Christ (they were in fact the same promise), as we learn from Luke 1: 3.: -33 : " And, be-hold, thou shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring forth a son, and shalt call his name Jesus. He shall be great, and shall be called the Son of the Highest; and the Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David. And he shall reign over the house of Jacob for ever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." This ex-plains how the house of David was to be es-tablished forever, his line was to end in Christ, who will finally take the kingdom and rule over it "forever, even forever and ever." But what then has become of the throne and kingdom of David ? is an inquiry that naturally arises at this point. The Scrip-tures answer this question also. After the death of Solomon ten tribes revolted against his son Rehoboam. The history is thus recorded in 1 Kings 12 : 16-20 :Š so when all Israel saw that the king hearkened not unto them, the people answered the king say-ing, What portion have we in David ? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse; to your tents, 0 ISrael, now see to thine own house, David. So Israel departed unto their tents. But as for the children of Israel which dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them. . . , So Israel rebelled against the house of David until this day. And it came to pass that when all Israel heard that Jeroboam was come again, that they sent and called him unto the congregation, and made him king over all Israel: there was none that followed the house of David but the tribe of Judah only. The ten tribes made Jeroboam king and he ruled over Israel, but Rehoboam reigned in Jerusalem. The kingdom was never again united, but the two divisions existed with varying fortunes, until 721 B. c., when Israel became subject to Assyria. Judah continued an independent kingdom until 588 B. c., when it became subject to Babylon and was ever after simply a province of some foreign power. And this was in exact accord with the word of the Lord by Ezekiel. Near the last of the reign of Zedekiah the Lord sent to him this word :Š And thou, profane wicked, prince of Israel, whose day is come when iniquity shall have an end. Thus saith the Lord God; reinove the diadem and take off the crown, this shall not be the same: ex-alt him that is low, and abase him that is high. I will overturn, overturn, overturn it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him. Ezek. 21: 25-27. God would endure their wickedness no longer. The people had rejected the Lord that he should not reign over them (1 Sam. 8 : 7), and demanded a king; but their kings had only led them into sin ; and now the Lord declared that the kingdom should be no more until he come whose  right it is, he to whom the promise was made, and he would give it to him. That this is Christ we have already seen. No believer in the Scriptures will deny this. All then that remains is to ascertain when this promise, of giving the kingdom to Christ, is to be fulfilled. It could not be fulfilled by a spiritual reign or dominion, for the promise was, " The Lord shall give unto him the throne of his father David." David ruled over, not a spirit-ual but a literal kingdom; it follows that his throne is a literal and not a spirit-ual throne. And, according to the proph-ecy the power which that throne repre-sents is to be no more " till he come whose right it is." This forever cuts off the claim of those who rule professedly as vicegerents of Christ, for Christ has not yet come in the sense contemplated in the promise; and until he does come the power of that throne can not be exercised. Christ himself tells us when he will take that throne. He says :Š When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory: and before him shall be gathered all nations : and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats: and he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left. Then shall the King say to those on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world. Matt. 25: 31-34. The kingdom prepared from the founda-tion of the world, is the dominion given to Adam and by him lost through sin,Šthe dominion promised to Abraham and to his seed, which the apostle declares is Christ, and renewed from time to time from Abraham till the annunciation. That kingdom, as all men know, has not yet been given to Christ; and when the time comes the promise will be fulfilled, not by political action, not by men assum-ing to rule by divine right, not by human organizations, with high sounding and highly religious names, but by God the father, whose the promise is; and his alone is the power to fulfill it. C. P. B. "Where Lies the Difficulty?" REV. J. P. MILLS, the Chicago Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, writing to the Christian Statesman under date of Oct. 10, 1891, attempts to answer the charge of neglect made by Rev. W. F Crafts in the matter of petitions against the open-ing of the World's Fair on Sunday. He insists that the small number of petitions sent in was not due to his neglect in the matter of mailing necessary papers, before a certain date. Mr. Mills's defense and explanation seems to us valid, and he is undoubtedly correct when he says; the "failure to petition must be traced, there-fore to some other cause. Mr. Crafts says in a recent article that many of the societies ho has organized have not petitioned; he says, ' not more than one-half.' To my  certain knowledge not one in twenty-five of them sent in their petitions; not mole  than six came, though he twice notified me that about four per week should reach us. Mrs. Bateham's recent letter in the Statesman also indicates that there has been a wonderful failure to send in peti-tions. Where lies the difficulty " This failure is perfectly natural. People generally, even religious people, have not regard enough for Sunday, nor faith enough in any efforts that may be made to close the exhibition, nor a sufficiently strong de-sire to have it closed, to be enthusiastic about the petitions. People believe what they have been taught, that " there is no Sabbath under the gospel," and hence they can not regard Sunday as sacred.ŠSabbath Outlook. Are They Birds of a Feather? WITH the introduction, " The infidel scheme fails,Š saloon-keepers in Chicago favor closing the World's Fair on Sun-day," the Mail and Express thus chronicles openly the alliance of the saloon-keepers and liquor element with the American Sab-bath Union, and its coadjutors, to close the World's Fair on Sunday:Š The efforts on the part of the officers of the infidel society known as the American Secular Union, to enlist the aid of the saloon-keepers in the proposed mass-meeting to oppose the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, has failed. Nine-tenths of the saloon-men said they were heartily in sympathy with the movement to close the Fair on Sunday. It is worthy of consideration, such an alliance as this. It must be a powerful motive which can bring about-a coalition between elements supposed to be so antag-onistic, and lead them to make common cause in the support of a movement bearing the name of a moral reform. Have the sa-loon-keepers repented of the evil of their ways? Have they realized the monstrous iniquity of their calling, and come to a tardy realization of the fact that they have really no tenable, civil right to continue the man-ufacture and sale of brain-crazing and body-destroying poisons,Š to the destruc-tion of myriads of their fellows, bringing the sufferings of poverty and the pangs of heart-breaking sorrow upon helpless women and little children? Have they made open confession, and signified their intention of withdrawing forever from the business of supplying patients for the in-sane asylums; inmates for the workhouses, jails, and penitentiaries; subjects for the morgue and the dissecting-table; occupants for the nameless graves of the potter's field; and candidates for the eternal death which is the fate of drunkards and others who "shall not inherit the kingdom of God"? If they have repented, their re-pentance will be followed by works, and they will cease the manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquors, not only on Sun-day and during the World's Fair, but on all days and for all time. They have ex-pressed no such purpose. They have not 