216 AMERICAN SENTINEL. FOR violation of the Sunday saloon law in Crystal Falls, Mich., five saloon keepers were fined $25 and an-other was fined $50. Ł Ł Im is reported that 5,000 Mormons have recently emigrated from the United States to Mexico, where they have been granted special concessions. Ł , Ł AN application for the revocation of the license under which the Dewey Theater in New York City is run, made by the New York Sabbath Committee because the theater had violated the Sunday law, was refused by 1 the justice appealed to because the papers in the case had not been served on the right parties. Ł THE Wilmington Methodist Episcopal conference at Wilmington, Del., March 27, adopted a resolution con-demning the army canteen and the use and sale of liquor in new possessions of this Government; also a resolu-tion requesting the general conference to censure Presi-dent McKinley for setting aside the anti-canteen law. Ł A SUIT against Christian Science "healers" has been instituted in Baltimore, by a man whom their treat-ment failed to heal of a diseased leg. The victim wants $20,000 damages. An exchange which mentions the case appropriately remarks that "if a man is satisfied with absent treatment, he ought not to complain if the cure is absent also." Ł Ł AN exchange announces that "Mayor Parkinson of Moundsville, W.. Va., has given out the information that he will soon adopt the Sheldon idea for municipal government, and run the city 'as Jesus would." There is a difference between trying to edit a newspaper upon this principle and trying to run a city government by ,ft, which will be discovered if the mayor carries his idea into effect. Ł Ł Ł RELIGIOUS liberty is steadily gaining ground in Argentina. News from that once priest-ridden country says that "a recent army order releases soldiers from  the obligation of attending Roman Catholic worship. The minister of education has proposed the reading of the Bible in public schools. A public educator of con-siderable distinction has boldly recommended attend-ance at Protestant services. Religious gatherings in the open air are now permitted on the principal squares of the capital." Ł RoMan Catholics object to the reading of the Bible in the public schools, because the Bible is in itself against the Catholic religion. They would not object to it if the readings were from the Douay (Catholic) version, and accompanied by the "interpretations" and "explanations" made by Catholic theologians. The introduction of simple Bible reading in the schools of Catholic Argentina is therefore an improvement over the old system of Catholic education, though it is 'of course an injustice to Catholics and others to give the Protestant religion the, support of the overnment. State education, like the state itself, can properly be only secular. THE pope is about to issue another encyclical, the theme Sf which will be a plea for general peace through-out the world. What the czar's conference has thus far so signally failed to do, the pope will endeavor to ac-complish through his personal influence and that of his church in all lands. The Catholic Mirror says of it: "The encyclical will deal with theprospects of peace held out by the Hague conference, and the disappointmenta that followed on the South African war. It will con-tain an appeal to all governments, whether Roman Catholic or not, to join in fresh endeavors to avert war. It will also direct Catholic archbishops and bishops to-contribute with all their power to the diffusion of the principles of peace and arbitration." Ł Does this mean that the Roman pontiff is prepared to make peace with the Italian government? If not, and the quarrel over the temporal power is to be con-tinued, it seems to us that the pope's effort will be, largely nullified by the influence of a bad example. - Ł a  THE Rev. N. D. Hillis, pastor of. Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, in a recent sermon denounced the Presbyte-rian doctrines of predestination and eternal torment, as being utterly repugnant to the Christian conception of God. Dr. Hillis being a member of the Chicago pres-bytery, his attack upon Presbyterian doctrine has caused much stir and comment in Presbyterian and other religious circles; and it is stated that unless 'Dr. Hillis promptly withdraws from the Presbyterian com-munion, as he is said to contemplate doing, he will be subjected to discipline by that church. 