AMERICAN SENTINEL. 721 "I should not think it would have been very fashion-able to fight duels after that," smiled Milly Brown. "Indeed it was not. But though this man did some good deeds, his record is marred by acts of folly. He was a very vain man, and dearly loved to make a show. Once when he had occasion to go to Lyons, he had a reg-ular house built for himself to ride in; of course there was only one room in it, but he had it furnished just as elegantly and expensively as a palace. This little house he had carried on men's shouldersŠwith himself inside of it;Šthere were eighteen men chosen for this work, and he could walk about or lie down at any time he chose." "I don't see how he could get through the city gates with such a big concern," said practical Jack, with a puz-zled look. "I'll tell you how they did it," smiled his teacher, "they just went to work and tore the walls down to make a gate big enough for the big gentleman to pass through! and if they came to any ditches, they either had to fill them up or build a bridge over them." "Row grand! exclaimed Milly Brown. He must have felt just like a fairy prince. I tell you, I wish I could ride around that way!" Professor Carman smiled as he said: "Well, but Milly, remember that the cardinal was getting to be an old man now, and he was sick at the time; this is the only excuse for his vanity that I can make. I will venture to say that he did not look at all like a fairy prince; age and gray hairs and wrinkles do not become fairies, Milly. "At last," continued the teacher, "this great man died. He was great indeed, as the world esteems great-ness." "I don't see how King Louis ever did without him," said Harry Ray. "Poor Louis died in a few short months afterward. I dare say he found the burdens he had to bear too much to carry alone. Though he only said coolly, when told of his friend's death, 'There is a great politician gone!"' King Louis died at the age of forty-two, in the year 1643Šjust thirty-three years to a day after the death of his father, Henry of Navarre. "Next week," said Professor Carman, as he dismissed the class, "we will take up the history of France under King Louis XIV." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. In the Army. JACK thought he would like to be a soldier. He had read about great wars, and men who were called great because they had led great armies to fight and kill their fellowmen. The sound of a drum always set Jack's feet to step-ping off the music, and made him wish he was big enough to be a soldier. He was always ready to run after a pro-cession that had a band of music. Jack's mother was sorry that he had such notions. She thought war was an awful thing. She said men ought to help one another, and that it was a great sin for them to spend their time trying to kill each other. One day Jack was thinking over his favorite dream about war, and about being great, and at last he ex-claimed, "Mother, I do wish I could soon be old enough. to be a soldier." "Why, Jack, you are old enough to be a soldier," said his mother, seriously. "Yes, I suppose I might be a drummer boy," said Jack dryly. "I have read of drummer boys being only twelve years old. But I want to carry a gun or a sword." "We are now at peace with the world," replied Mrs. Stark, "but there is a war that goes on all the time, with an enemy that none of us can see. I do wish you would become a good soldier in that war." "What war is that, mother?" asked Jack, and he seemed to be very much interested all at once. "I didn't know there was any war now." "I mean the war against sin,Šbad thoughts, naughty words, and ugly acts. The enemy that carries on thiS wicked war against us is Satan. We cannot see him, and for this reason he beats us many times. The worst of it is that we too often help him to fight against ourselves, when we ought to be always against him. It is a poor soldier who turns against himself and against the army to which he belongs." "But I don't quite understand how we help the en-emy," said Jack. "Well, I will tell you," replied his mother. "Satan knows that as long as he can get us to tell lies, or quar-rel with each other, or steal, or cheat, even in little things, he can defeat us. As long as any of us do selfish things, we cannot have eternal life, and that is what our enemy wants to keep from us." Jack became more and more interested as his mother told him that he could now be a soldier in God's army, which is fighting a much greater battle than the greatest matt could fight. God wants little boys and girls for sol-diers just as much as he wants men and women; and they can win just as great victories. Who will be a soldier for Christ? It is much better to fight to save men than to fight to kill them. The boy or girl who, by Christ's help, keeps from doing wrong, is greater than the captain that takes a city.ŠSelected. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to theinhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. 