OF' LIDE12.1. 733 law of rest for all, while, do the other hand, all such legislation was earnestly opposed, especially by the French members of the congress, as involving in-fringement of personal liberty. It was urged by them that after all such laws could not be enforced, except so far as they accorded with the customs and convictions of the people, and that reliance for the procuring of Sunday rest must be placed upon the good will of employers. It was conceded, however, by both sides, that it was the duty of the state to set the example of ac-cording Sunday rest to all engaged in the public service, save in cases of real necessity. This ques-, tion (which seemed for a time likely to divide the congress) was finally settled by the adoption of a resolution affirming the right of the civil law to in-tervene in favor of the SundayŁrest, but refraining from expressing any judgment as to the application of this principle in different countries; the circum-stances of each country must be left to decide as to whether and to what extent the State should thus intervene. THE DESTRUCTION OF PEKING. FROM the Michigan Christian Advocate of Nov. 17, we take the f011oWing description' which pictures the present state of the former Chinese capital, after having fallen a prey to the armed forces of the Christian nations:" " Peking has been almost as thoroughly destroyed as Jerusalem of old. In the northern city were foUr allied banks supposed to be as-safe as the Bank of England. All are destroyed and the bank bills thrown into the streets, burned, or carried off as 'souvenirs. The _city gates and towns have been burned or leveled with the ground. The temple of heaven. has been turned into a military camp. The palaces of princes and the handsOme dwellings of the rich have either been razed of transformed into dwelling plates for. foreigners and headquarters for officers. The sacred temples and altars where mighty pagans worshiped, haV'e been turned into stables for horses, doors to sacred retreats-have been Ł throwh,open wide, and tablets to deified ancestor's have-been cast down or sent to museums in foreign lands. Around the base of the marble altars rinder-pested cattle have been cremated in .the very urns thal were used for- Ithperial sacrifice. Surely _the departed sages will turn, in 'their graves if they know that thoSe azure dOrries have been' blackened by the smoke of-burning-.beasts umfitior the table of foreign devil 1 The emperor's hall of fasting is a storage room for the army, and cart-loads of loot are sold at auc-tion for a song in its courts. Theworl'd-fathed libra-ries have been torn to pieces, costly Volumes which can never be replaced destroyed, and innumerable essays,  and documents thrown to the four winds or turned into firewood for troops. The famous Han, Lin University is- so completely demolished that only two of its spacious halls out of twenty-five re-main. In the southern division,  of the city, where the anti-foreign sentiment has always been more pronounced than elsewhere, and where, nick-names for all persons not Chinese reached the lowest line of the vocabulary, the, encroachments of military devices and modern inveptions are conspicuous and complete. "The hated railroads, electric cars, and telegraph lines penetrate its spacious squares and thread its ancient streets, and large portions of its sacred soil, no foot of which could ever be purchased for missionary purposes, will hereafter be ,obtainable for foreigners' uses as foreigners may desire or ask, " The forbidden city,' too, which no foreigner was ever allowed to enter, has been made as common as any other part, the British field artillery having three months ago penetrated its inmost recesses and fired a salute of one and twenty guns to indicate that 'the occupation in force of ,the innermost shrine of Chinese exclusiveness was now completely accom-plished. Thus was added the last touch to the pun-ishment of Peking." THE Catholic-Mirror reports that an informal con-ference was held in Philadelphia, Sept. 16, to con-sider steps to be taken for the formation of the proposed Catholic federation in this country. A committee was appointed to issue- a call to the va-rious national Catholic Organizations to select dele-gates to a preliminary meeting, which is to be held Thanksgiving day in New York City. A COMMITTEE of Congregationalist ministers has been appointed to wait on the Chicago Board of Education and request that the recent order given by the board, opposing' the reading of the Bible in the public schools, be reconsidered. " IT is the church and not the ballot-box that will decide the nations future," says the Michigan Christian Advocate. The future, of the nation de-pends upon the kind of education the people have received and; not upon the ballots .,by which their sentiments' are carried into etfect 