E ICAN ENTIN "IF ANY .MAN REAR MY WORDS, AND RELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 4, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 5. Single Copy, 8 cents. The Ameripan Sentinel is published in the interests ,of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it allay know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have ,not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay 'for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) Din the Lord Jesus make a mistake in regard to the way in which true reform should be conducted and ac-complished in the world? It is certain that all people look upon the mission and work of Christ in the world as having been at least intended to be reformatory. Was His mission and work then truly reformatory or not? Did He proceed upon correct principles? did He employ right methods to accomplish real reform? or were His principles and methods altogether wrong? These are not captious questions. They are not asked lightly. We are asking the questions seriously; and we ask that they be considered seriously. These are questions that need to be carefully and seriously consid-ered, especially by all who profess to believe in ChristŠby all who profess to have any respect for Him as a Re-former. We are asking these questions just now, for the es-pecial benefit of the Christian Endeavor Societies, the Christian Citizenship Leagues, the Christian Temperance Unions, and the combined Christian churches of the whole country. And this with especial reference to the princi-ples which they have adopted and the methods which they employ. The principles entertained and the meth-ods employed by these people as would-be reformers, are not at all those of Christ when He was on earth. The conditions existing when Jesus Christ was on earth were just such oonditions as are now upon the earthŠonly somewhat worse. The evils which then pre-vailedŠprivate and public, individual and governmental Šwere precisely such as are now prevalent in the United States. There was corruption in government every- where, whether municipal or national. Yet He did not, nor did He direct His disciples to, enter into an agitation for either municipal or national reform. He did not en-gage Himself, nor did He direct His disciples to engage, in the formation of any societies, leagues, unions, or fed-erations, "to enthrone Christ in every town and city in the" Empire, nor to cause Him "to reign supreme on the Capitoline Hill." When a multitude of people were unanimous in the opinion that He should be King of His own city and His owntcountry, which by the way were at the time gov-erned by outrageously immoral men, He would not for a moment countenance their movement, but left the whole company and went away to the mountain alone. When at another time the personage whose "seat" was at the Capital of the Empire, who really reigned on the Capitoline Hill, and who at the same time reigned in fearful unrighteousness, voluntarily offered to bestow upon Christ the power over all the kingdoms, and indeed over his whole Empire; according to much the same ar-rangement as these now propose to have-Him reign on Capitol Hill, He unhesitatingly refused the offer. There was tyranny of capital : and when one who was thus oppressed came to Jesus asking Him to direct an equable division of the capital, He refused to inter-fere, saying: "Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you? Take heed and beware of covetousness; for a man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things which he possesseth." The social evil was sadly prevalent. Some Pharisees employing the PharisaicŠnow the ParkhurstianŠmethod to suppress it, captured and brought to him a guilty one, "taken in the very act," and demanded what He had to say as to stoning her to death. He answered, "He that is without sin among you, let him cast the first stone at her." "Being convicted by their own conscience they went out one by one" till all were gone and the criminal was left alone with Jesus. Then Jesus said to her, "Woman, hath no man condemned thee? She said, No man, Lord.' And Jesus said unto her, 'Neither do I condemn thee; go, and sin no more.'" 