THE ANI811ICAN SENTINEL. work. They have shown this in that they refused to confine themselves to moral influences in their work, and morality can be advanced only by moral laws. But the moral law is the law of God, and moral laws can be enforced only by the moral governor, that is, God himself. All that men have to do in the line of the moral law is to persuade men to keep it. The refusal of the American Sabbath Union, which was represented at Minneapolis, to use only moral means in their work, stamps their move-ment as not a Christian work. They are not working to advance the gospel, but simply to compel men by force and arms to conform to their ideas. It matters not by what name they call themselves, they certainly have no right to the name " Christian " so far as their efforts to secure Sunday laws is concerned. Ł The Sabbath Union and its Work. THE Cuyahoga County Sabbath Convention was held at Music Hall, Friday morning, under the auspices of the American Sabbath Union. What a nice, smooth-sounding name that is, to be sure! "American Sabbath Union!" How it lulls the people to sleep with a sense of perfect security; for surely these exceptionally nice peo-ple who compose the "American Sabbath Union " can do nothing which the average American citi-zen dare criticise! And yet nothing more forci-bly illustrates the dire necessity of patriotic in-struction in the school-room, from the lecture platform, and from that most influential of all public teachers, the independent, fearless, and honest newspapers of the country. The Cuyahoga County Sabbath Convention is one of the most thoroughly un-American gather-ings, both in point of purpose and sentiments ex-pressed, that has ever taken place in this city. The object of the convention, plainly and simply stated, is to compel the citizens of Cleveland, the State of Ohio, and the United States of America, to observe the Sabbath, commonly called Sunday, according to the dictates and rules laid down by the American Sabbath Union. Of course the Constitution of the United States plainly provides that Church and State shall be forever kept sep-arate, but the Sabbath Union does not ask for a union of Church and State. Oh, no It simply demands of the National Government that it en-force upon the people the strict observance of a National Christian Sabbath. The whole spirit of the convention may be summed up in the expression of Judge Dickey, who in a fine (?) burst of eloquence expressed the ridiculous and insolent sentiment that if people who emigrate to this country do not conform to the " American Sabbath," they should be refused admittance. According to this patriotic idea the observance of the " American Sabbath," as pro-vided by the rules laid down by the American Sabbath Union, is the chief qualification of Amer-ican citizenship. The American Union wishes to be distinctly understood on this question. It de-nies that there is or ever has been such an institu-tion as an American Sabbath. The Sabbath and all religions are prominent in the Constitution' of the United States only by their entire absence. The Christian Sabbath has absolutely no authority whatever to bind the con-science of an American citizen. The Constitution guarantees perfect religious liberty and equality before the law of all its citizens. That the rights of citizens in this respect are so often infringed upon— and sometimes openly denied, is simply be- Cause they have allowed such religious organiza-tions as the "American Sabbath Union" to in-fluence legislation, with hardly a protest. If the people want their rights they must assert them. Unless they do this, and promptly, they will awake some fine morning to find themselves bound hand and foot with religious fetters as galling as ever caused our fathers to flee from their native land and found a new world, a Constitution and Government having for its watchword the perfect and absolute religious liberty of the individual, and the everlasting separation of Church and State ! The population of this country is made up of "every nation under the whole heaven," and each one has a right to enjoy his own religion without asking permission of prophet, priest, or king, or even a majority of his neighbors. The fact that the Christians are more numerous does not give them license to trample on the rights guaranteed the citizen by the Constitution, nor authority to force the people into Ł religious ob-servances at the dictation of the American Sab-bath Union or any other religious organization.ŠAmerican Union, Cleveland, 0. A Timely Warning. WHILE so many of the ministers of the various churches are using voice and pen to further the interests of National Reform, it is refreshing to find occasionally one who has the independence to denounce the attempt which is being made to unite Church and State, and the manhood to de-clare for religious liberty as at present guaran-teed in our National Constitution. Rev. Mr. Mitchelmore, of Central City, Nebraska, is one of the few ministers who do not believe in the Blair bills, nor indeed in any such legislation. In a discourse preached Sunday, June 23, and pub- lished in the Merrick County Republic of June 28, this gentleman took for his text Ex. 20: 8, " Re- member the Sabbath-day to keep it holy," and, after remarking that the Sabbath was made for man and that the man who does not rest one day each week suffers loss, he said:Š " My religion is made up of the ten commandments. Upon the first four there can never be any human legislation. I am responsible to God alone for the ob-servance of these. And so I say as a Christian, as a citizen, as an American, you must not touch these. There can never properly be any union of Church and State ; it is an unholy and unnatural alliance. If you will look back in American history you will see our forefathers leaving the mother country because-of this very unholy alliance. " Bunyan, you will remember, lay for twelve years in Bedford jail because he preached differently than the tenets of the Church of England required and be-cause he would not give money to its support. " So I might cite numerous examples. I know it is claimed that our forefathers persecuted others when they got to this country, but in this connection rte-lieve they have been too harshly criticised. Alas ! when they got here they found the same power ready to persecute that they were fleeing from. And they were persecuted and persecuted, and I want to say that the same spirit of intolerance is not dead. It exists to-day and only wants an excuseŠthe law to back itŠto cause as much suffering as in the dark days of the past. "I can cite you a case that occurred in the State of Arkansas in the year 1887, where a young man was thrown into jail for worshipping God, according to the dictates of his conscience, on Saturday. While he languished in confinement his wife and child died and his little property wasted. His suffering was none the less terrible because it occurred in this en-lightened day and age. I could refer you, alas, to other similar cases, but I forbear. It shows you that old intolerance is not dead. As a further evidence of this there are a class of people trying to enact a Sun- day law in free America, and if they succeed in doing so you need have no doubts but that they will enforce it. And the bill which is now before Congress, and to which I am opposed, always was opposed and al-ways will be opposed, is called the Blair bill. " I cannot begin to do this subject justice in the time allotted to me this morning. The Saviour said, `My kingdom is not of this world, else my servants would fight.' It is apparent that the people who are pushing this bill through so quietly, so religiously, are not of his kingdom. See to it that the time never comes when there is a union of Church and State in this country. Fight against it not only yourselves, but teach your children to loathe and war against this monster evil which has filled the past with woe and tears." Such warnings are none too frequent, nor have they begun to come too soon. The danger is a grave one, and everyone who loves liberty and true Christianity should help to sound the alarm. .  The Danger Not Passed. THOSE who imagine that the danger of a Sunday law is passed for the present, simply be-cause the Blair bill is dead, should read both the the secular and religious newspapers published throughout the length and breadth of the land. This question is being more widely discussed than ever. People everywhere are taking sides, some for and some against Sunday legislation, and for various reasons the tide seems to be run-ning in favor of some such measure as the Blair bill. With a great majority this is not a matter of conscience but a matter of policy. It is asserted that the railroads are favoring the cessation of Sunday work because they find that they can do all their business in six days and do it at less ex-pense than they can by running on Sunday. It is also urged that other branches of business can also effect a saving in this way. Of course this argument, if true, will prove potent, not only with railroads but with many in other kinds of busi-ness, and when one man makes up his mind to rest on Sunday it is only human nature that .he should want others to rest likewise, for they are not willing that others should conduct business upon days when they are not engaged in it; hence the outlook is not only for Sunday laws, but for exceedingly stringent Sunday laws. It fol-lows that the work of warning the people against the schemes of the National Reformers must be done quickly.ŠSigns of time Times. 0 Ł  ACCORDING to the Christian Statesman of July 4, " one chief purpose of the Blair Sunday-Rest bill is to set the Government itself, in its Post-office Department and at other points, in a right attitude toward the Sabbath?" Ah ! we thought Šno, we did not think, but it has been very per-sistently claimed, that the main object of the bill was to give the men employed in inter-state com-merce and in the mail service a weekly day of rest for their health. The Statesman is neither as wise as a serpent nor as harmless as a dove, for it is try-ing to secure religious legislation and has not the wisdom to disguise the fact. The American Sabbath Union is working for the same thing, but tries to conceal its real purpose, and proposes to give the people a sort of a religious pill so sugar-coated with "civil sabbath" arguments that they won't know what they are taking till they have swallowed it. AMONG all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the viola-tion of what Government denominated the law of God.Š U. S. Senate Report, 1829. 