218 A.M..1EatICA.N VoL. 8, No. 28. not only the buildings but also Jackson Park. . Ł . " I look upon the move as high treason against God's divine government and the accepted laws of the land, and in this request I voice a half-million people of Indiana, of whom a large per cent. will abandon their attendance at the Fair, if the gates are open on the Lord's day. " Your humble servant, " J. R. DAY." t This Mr. Day is the secretary of the Indiana division of the Christian Endeavor SocietyŠthat is, of this kind of Christian endeavor. But what kind of Christian endeavor is that which appeals to a man to settle a conflict between them and the powers of darkness. What a delightsome figure would be cut anyhow, by the Presi-dent of the United States endeavoring to settle a decisive conflict between the friends of God and the powers of darkness ! "Resolved, That the Prohibition Party of Iowa, in State convention assembled, do most emphatically protest against such action [the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday], and that we ask President Cleveland to use the power vested in him to enforce the law of Congress to prevent this sin against high heaven, and rebel-lion against the Government of the United States." § " In Wisconsin, when the mayor of the capital refused to prohibit a prize fight on the Sabbath, the governor ordered the troops to take possession of the stage and grounds, and bayonets prohibited lawless-ness. Let President Cleveland order the U. S. troops to guard the gates of the World's Fair on Sabbath, and keep them closed if need be." V By the evidences presented in these notes, it is as plain as'_ A B 0 to every:  body that Christianity and the Sunday movement are two directly antagonistic things. The one is Christianity, the other is deviltry. The one is salvation, the other is destruction. These are the two ways: which way do you take ? J. Politics and Religion. ALL Sunday laws are religious legisla-tion. Common sense tells us that if we are under any obligation to keep Sunday as a Sabbath day, it is a religious obliga-tion, and that only. For in the nature of things, from a secular standpoint, we are under no more obligations to our neigh-bors to refrain from work on Sunday than on Monday. The United States Constitu-tion says in the First Amendment: "Con-gress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." There can be no other meaning to this than that each citizen shall have a right to believe in, and act out any religion he may see fit, or no religion if he chooses. Again, Article 14, constitutional amend-ment says: " No State shall make or en-force any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." Now when any State makes any law in regard to religion and enforces it on any citizen of the United States, that State is violating the Constitution in two points. First, in making an unconstitutional law, tLetter printed in Christian, Statesman, June 3, 1893. §Iowa State Prohibition Convention, June 1, 1893. II Wilbur F, Crafts' speech in Boston, reported in Christian Statesman, June 8, 1893, by "Rev." J. M. Foster. and second, by enforcing an unconstitu-tional law. If Congress and our different State leg-islatures can do this thing in open vio-lation of the Constitution, not only of the United States, but of nearly every State in the Union as they have done, where is our liberty ? Can they not with the same propriety prohibit free press, free speech or any other right which the people hold dear as life ? Not only this, but the Na-tional Reform Association knows full well that all such legislation is in open violation of the Constitution. For as be-fore stated, they have been clamoring for the last thirty years for a change in the Constitution so they could legislate on such religious questions. So they know now when asking for Sunday laws that they are unconstitutional, and they are asking our law-makers to make laws that are contrary to law; and then while lob-bying in our Congress, howl anarchy at those who oppose such lawless legislation. ŠCarey Smith, in People's Call. Chicago Correspondence. Wanamaker & Brown Against the World's Fair. TEE United States having failed in its attempt, through the courts, to secure the Sunday closing of the World's Fair and the enforcement of the Sunday closing proviso attached to the World's Fair ap-propriation, Ex-Postmaster Gen. Wana-maker, through the corporation name, Wanamaker & Brown, has begun a suit asking for an injunction against the Sun-day opening of the Fair. This snit was heard June 30, before Judge Jenkins of the United States Circuit Court. Attor-ney Edwin Walker appeared for the World's Fair; and for Wanamaker & Brown, Gen. Green B. Raum, of pension office notoriety, Major C. H. Blackburn, D. McKinzie Cleland, and Commissioner Hundley. The plea of the petitioners for an injunction was based on the represen-tation that they were stockholders in the Columbian Exposition to the amount of $5,000 and that their interest was jeopar-dized, and the value of their stock depre-ciated, by the action of the directors in opening the gates on Sunday; and, hold-ing that the Sunday opening was in vio-lation of law, their remedy lay in obtain-ing an injunction which should require the directors to close on Sunday and com-ply with the provisions of the law. The continual reiteration by the coun-sel, for Wanamaker & Brown, of the phrase, " enforcement of the law," led Judge Jenkins to inquire what law was meant. General Raum then read the .ouvenir coin act, upon which the Judge remarked that he did not call that a law, but that it was a gift upon a condition, and while the condition had been violated, no law had been broken. As the case was brought upon entirely technical legal grounds, there was very little scope for the expression of moral and religious views and sentiments, or to bring them to bear upon the matter with any force. When General Raum remarked that the moral sentiment of the people of this country revolted against the evasion of the Sunday closing proviso attached to the souvenir appropriation, Judge Jen-kins reminded him that that was a phase of the question which had no bearing upon technical points raised in the plead-ings. The entire forenoon was occupied in the consideration of the matter and the court was addressed by Attorney Walker, for the World's Fair corporation; General Raum, and Commissioner Hundley, for Wanamaker & Brown. Judge Jenkins took the case under advisement and will render his decision Friday, July 7. The public has taken no interest what-ever in this case; it being universally understood and believed that the decision of the matter by the Court of Appeals would supercede all other action which may be taken in the premises. The World's Fair is open seven days in the week, despite all the attempts which have been made to close it by law; yet equal, if not greater, results in the furtherance of the cause of legal religion and the super-ficial observance of religious forms have been attained possibly, by the present con-dition of things, than would have been gained had the Fair been strictly closed according to the terms of the proviso and the expectation of those who secured its passage. They themselves, of course, do not see this fact. They are in a measure ignorant of what it is that they them-selves purpose to accomplish. They are clearly unaware of the impossibility of securing the strict religious observance of Sunday in this or any other country from a correct and Christian standpoint. They seem to be blind to the fact that in this, history, the nature of man, biblical teach-ing, and prophecy, are all against them, although they are not aware of it. They should know that the only thing which they can possibly accomplish is a super-ficial and hypocritical veneer of pretended religious observance, This they have gained. This in an increasing degree, is all that they ever will gain, and its prog-ress is marked in the matter of the Sun-day opening of the World's Fair. Im-pelled by the influence of a body of reli-gionists, Congress committed itself to the attempt to compel the observance of a religious form at the World's Fair and upon all who should attend it. The ac-tion was taken in the interest of religion, for the observance of a day set apart by religious belief and feeling. That action of Congress has not been respected, but in failing to respect it the opposite course has been taken upon the plea that the same interests would be better subserved, and the needs of religion be met in a greater degree by opening than by clos-ing. The case now stands, that as one body of religionists, and the Congress of the United States under its influence, had decided that the people and the Govern-ment of this country must religiously and reverently respect a certain day by a par-ticular form of observance, the World's Fair management supported by the peo-ple at large, and certain courts of the United States, have decided that these same religious interests and reverential purposes will be better subserved by an opposite course. According to this, the World's Fair is open on Sundays, and sacred music and religious addressee are presented there for the benefit of the people, and the World's Fair corporation becomes, one day in the week, a medium through which religious teaching is sup-posed to be presented to the people. A particular example of this was given last Sunday in the observance of " Pa-triotic Sunday," in Festival Hall on the Fair grounds. The past week the chap-lains of the United States army have been assembled at the Art Institute as one of 