Rqual and 6.xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Cersue.ion, Neligious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 8, 1892. NUMBER 35. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 I3onn Sr., NEW YORE. iniered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. 'I3oLLmA.N, W. H. WEBB. CONCERNING the demand for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, the Spo-kane, Wash., Chronicle says:Š It is the old fight of the hyper-puritans upon opening libraries, museums, art galleries, parks and gardens on Sunday. It is nothing short of social tyranny, and is the more intolerant, because it assumes to stand for absolute right in the matter, And it is in this assumption that the danger to liberty of conscience lurks. If an arrogant and aggressive minority can dictate to the majority in this matter, what may we not expect when by success,  in this they shall have added to their num-bers those who are always to be found on the winning side, if they can only find out which side it is, and so shall have become the majority ? Will not their intolerance increase with their numbers and power? Š0Š THERE is nothing more dangerous to re-ligious liberty than the assumption by poWerful organizations of a divine right to rule their fellow men. It is for this reason that the National Reform Associa-tion and the American Sabbath Union are a most serious menace to freedom of conscience in this country. They assume to be the divinely authorized interpreters of God's law; and they aspire to be its ad-ministrators. They are simply imitating the Papacy, and no doubt the likeness will be true throughout. By the Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892, and by the act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, the Government has vir-tually pledged to these organizations the support of the civil power. But such a use of civil power is illegitimate, and is to  be opposed by all who are not prepared to surrender their soul-liberty. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL does not be-lieve in anarchy. It is a patriotic and re-ligious duty to yield cheerful obedience to civil rulers in civil things. By the very act of making men social beings, mutu-ally dependent upon one another, and under mutual obligations 'each to respect the equal rights of the other, God or-dained civil government, that the weak might be protected against the aggressions of the strong, that unlawful greed and oppression might be restrained, and that civil order might be maintained. But the ordinance of civil government gives man no authority in spiritual things. Š0Š IT is evident that inasmuch as civil gov-ernment can not by any possibility free any man from the obligations which God has laid upon him, and can abate nothing from the penalty of the divine law, it can rightfully exercise no authority whatever over any man touching his duty toward' his Creator. Let government once invade the domain of conscience and it will surely dominate it, thus setting God aside and usurping his authority. Indeed the mere assumption by any man or by any set of men of the right to dictate in matters of religious faith or practice is a denial of the moral sovereignty of the Creator. -0-- CHRISTIANS of all ages and of all creeds have claimed for themselves religious liberty; but sad to say very many pro-fessing to be followers of Christ have not been willing that others should enjoy equal freedom; while some not Chris-tians have clearly seen and fully recog-nized the principle that the moral sover-eignty of the Creator renders absolutely essential the free moral agency of the creature. No man ever stated this prin-ciple more clearly than did the deist, Thomas Paine; and his clear vision on this subject, ought to put to shame those who, while calling themselves Christians,  are afraid to trust God with the adminis- tration of his own moral government. Paine said :Š There is a single idea which, if it strikes rightly upon the mind, either in a legal or a religious sense, will prevent any man, or any body of men, or any go.vernment, from going wrong on the sub-ject of religion; which is, that before any human institutions of government were known in the world, there existed, if I may so express it, a com-pact between God and man, from the beginning of time; and that as the relation and condition which man in his individual person stands in toward his Maker can not be changed by any human laws or human authority, that religious devotion, which is a part of this compact, can not so much as be made a subject of human laws PAINE was an infidel, and his name is cast out as evil because of his denial of the Christian religion; nevertheless he fully recognized the moral sovereignty. of God. What then should be thought of those who, while claiming faith in Chris-tianity, deny that sovereignty which Paine acknowledged and which is the very basis of Christianity ? Are they better than Paine ? Are they not worse ? for do they not by their intolerance so misrepresent Christianity as to turn men away from it and cause them to become infidels ? Before the Christianity of Christ, even in-fidelity stands with uncovered head; it admires even though it does not embrace. But in the presence of the miscalled Christianity that would coerce all that it can not convert, unbelief is hard and de-fiant. Whose is the responsibility ? and whose the final retribution ? Š0Š THE worst infidelity is that which be-trays our Lord in the house of his friends; that under the guise of friendship mis-represents his teachings, and in his name seizes power which he himself refused, and which he never authorized his follow-ers to exercise in his behalf. Christ now, as of old, hides himself from those who, instead of crowning him sovereign in their own hearts, and introducing him to others as " the chiefest among ten thou-sand, the one altogether lovely," seek to 