360 Alt_lb7i ELI C fH.IN VOL. 8, No. 45. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 16, 1893. i ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari. able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. A BARBERS' Sunday-closing ordinance, passed by the common council of Omaha, has been vetoed by the mayor. A SPECIAL dispatch from Victoria, B. C., of Oct. 7, says :Š A remarkable thing in connection with the Rath-drown homicide trial to-day is the fact that when it was sought to introduce the dying statement of the dead man, Jones, an objection was made, and sustained by the court, on the ground that it had been taken on Sunday, and it was therefore thrown out. This is an excellent example of how legal Sunday observance may defeat the ends of justice. IN the last of October a conference of Russian Church men was called to meet in Moscow to discuss methods for the dispo-sition of dissenters, with especial reference to Stundists and Baptists. Two similar assemblies have been held before and the suggestions of the previous conferences have been followed by the government. It would seem that nothing remains for these dissenting sects but exile or extinc-tion. These are object lessons. That which they teach should not be belittled. IN the case of Sadie Means, who was expelled from the Second Presbyterian Church at Columbia, S. C., for working in the telephone exchange on Sunday, the South Carolina Synod at Clinton, on the 4th inst., ordered that the action of the Charleston Presbytery in the case be an-nulled and that the session of church in Columbia, " restore Sadie M. Means to all her rights and privileges as a member in full communion by said church." No-tice of appeal to the General Assembly was given. AT the Baptist ministers' meeting, held in the Twenty-third Street Baptist Church, in this city, on Monday Oct. 6, Rev. Dr. Hiscox, of Saratoga, read a paper on " The Transferance of the Sabbath." The paper presented was somewhat similar in form of treatment of the subject to that read on the occasion reported by a corres-pondent in last week's issue. Dr. Hiscox showed the utter unreliability of all, and the completely mistaken application of most, of the New Testament texts quoted to uphold the idea of Sabbath transfer-ance. The reading was listened to with general respect. A few were very uneasy in their seats, and one young divine was overheard to remark, " Twaddle ! " with about the same subvocal unction with  which he would ordinarily say " Amen." The moderator remarked when the paper was finished that it had left him as regards the question, in that state of mind now made historic by the classic expression, " Where am I at" ? All discussion of the paper was deferred until the next meeting, Monday, Nov. 13. THE Nashville Christian Advocate, in commenting upon the Nebraska white-capping affair, in which a local Woman's Christian Temperance Union, attempted by means of switches and tar and feathers to show its disapprobation of certain young women, says :Š This Nebraska episode, though happening in an out of the way place, is an admirable illustration of what will inevitably follow when the friends of good morals lose confidence in the supremacy of spiritual forces, and resort to physical instruments for overthrowing the evils that afflict society. This is true, and applies no less to courts and policemen's clubs, than to whitecaps and their switches and tar and feathers. THE constitution of this State is to be revised by a constitutional convention chosen for that purpose at the late elec-tion. The League for the Protection of American Institutions proposes to bring before this convention the question of the appropriation of public funds for sectarian purposes. In a recent letter sent out by the league, it is stated that millions of dollars have been appropriated in this State for such purposes, and a tabular statement shows that between 1884 and 1893 over $12,000,000 have been appropri-ated in this way ; $5,500,000 to Roman Catholic institutions, $365,000 to Protest-ant institutions, a little over $1,000,000 to Hebrew institutions, and $4,700,000 to " undenominational " institutions, which, it may be assumed, are generally under non-Roman Catholic control. Commenting upon these facts, the Out-look calls upon Roman Catholics and Protestants to unite their forces in a de-mand on this convention that it shall en-graft upon the new constitution the fun-damental principle that all funds raised by taxation from the public shall be ex-pended under the control of the public. This is, however, too much to expect of Roman Catholics. It is true that Cardinal Gibbons has declared that the Roman Catholic Church in the United States does not believe in governmental subsidies for Roman Catholic institutions. But as ac-tions speak louder than even the words of a cardinal, nobody believes that he means it in other than a Pickwickian sense. The action of the constitutional convention on this point will be awaited with interest. The Catholics of New York can be relied on to give the lie sooner or later to the declaration of the cardinal. However, as they do not control the convention they may not have opportunity to do this until the new constitution shall be submitted to  the people. Then the fine hand of Jesuit cunning will certainly be discerned " knif-ing" that instrument at the polls, in case it shall contain a provision excluding po-pish institutions from the State crib. That some professed Protestants will not do the same, because their institutions will also be deprived of their share of public pap, is by no means certain. APROPOS of what has lately been said in the SENTINEL in regard to military reli-gion, is the following, taken from the San Francisco Chronicle:Š The first military company of the League of the Cross, the local temperance society of Catholic boys, has been organized. The members of the society in the cathedral parish have taken the lead in the matter, and their company is already started with a membership of between thirty and forty boys. They have not yet elected their officers, but that will probably be done at the next meeting. The first drill will take place next Monday night in one of the National Guard armories, in all probabil-ity. Col. William P. Sullivan has the matter of drill-ing the boys in band, and will choose drill masters for all the, company. The question of priority has been definitely set-tled. The boys of St. Mary's Cathedral will not be the first company in rank unless they earn the honor. It has been decided to make that company first which succeeds in securing the most charter members. Arrangements have not yet been made for uniforms and arms, but they will be made without difficulty at the proper time. This week  companies will be formed in the other parishes of the city. The Protestant Sunday-schools have set the example in this. Need they be sur-prised if it be followed ? and will it be any wonder if these juvenile organizations come to emulate and at length to antago-nize each other ? What are the possibili-ties of such an education and training ? AT Centerville, Md., Nov. 9, the case against Charles Ford was dismissed at the request of the complainants, they pay-ing the costs. Judge Robinson refused to continue the other cases pending the de-cision of the Judefind case by the Court of Appeals, unless the defendants would agree to abide by that decision when ren-dered. The cases were accordingly set for trial. THE Catholic Mirror articles, on " The Christian Sabbath," reprinted in the SEN-TINEL some weeks ago, have now been printed in tract form as No. 113 of the Bible Students'Library. Thirty-two pages; price, 4 cents. Usual discount in large quantities. Address, Pacifiic Press, 43 Bond Street, New York, or, Oakland, Cal. Those who desire these articles for immedi-ate use, and would prefer, can obtain them at 4 cents per set by ordering Nos. 37, 38, 39, and 40 of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Ł Single copy, per yecur, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 66 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c " 100 to 249 " 44 66 4i 64 - - 75e " 250 to 499 " 66 44 64 " .. - 70c 44 500 to 999 " if 46 64 - - 65c 1000 or more 60, To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 64 64 66 