Ł *D.  E`o   64.6  QV":  5t-?all We _Slag to  ,at,,p By DLr.L30.GHG:  Is the title of a new book addressed particularly to non-medical readers, in language exempt from those tech-nicalities which are so frequently found in medical works. The question 41: Ł Ł Ł 45. 351. AMERICAN SENTINTIT,. Ł Et ALIIOST A rIAN,e\S' A frank talk  to a boy who was "almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad concerning himself, purely, yet with scien-tific accuracy. Price, postpaid, - - 25c. ALI1OST A WOrlAN-,..,e=— Every mother should prepare her daughter for Ł the changes that accompany development into wo-manhood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction; they neglect this duty and invalidism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary in-struction, in the form of a mother's talk with her daughter. Price, postpaid, - - 25c. CHILD CONFIDENCE REWARDED. A little booklet which demonstrates the practical value of teaching to children the truth regarding the origin of life. Price, postpaid, - - 10c. One of many testimonials:- Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young children, and developing boys and girls, and my heart goes up in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading "Almost a Man," "Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my thoughts are higher."-Nellie P. Witham, Olympia, Wash. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Shall we Use Neat as  a Diet? is not alone prominent before the medical profession, but the public are seeking the solution of this problem. "SHALL WE SLAY TO EAT" endeavors to present plain, unvarnished facts, without exaggeration, trusting to the power of simple truth to win its own recognition. Price, postpaid, paper covers, 25c. 44 Ł board " 40c. PACIFIC PRESS PUB CO., 39 Bond St., New York. <37. Ł , . : *-1ŁŁŁŁŁ - Ł IMPORTANT TRACTS. Elihu on the Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 42. A brief but clear and forcible setting forth of the Bible argu-ment on the Sabbath question. $1.00 per 100. Which Day Do You Keep and Why? B. S. L., No. 48. By G. W. Amadon. A clear, pithy tract, good for busy people. It gives God's answers to man's excuses for not obeying Him. 50 cents per 100. From Sabbath to Sunday. B. S. L., No. 95. Among other important testimony concerning the Sabbath question, this tract contains "Father" En-right's $1,000 challenge for Bible proof of the sacred-ness of Sunday. It is unanswerable. 50 cents per 100. Who Changed the Sabbath? B. S. L., No. 107. This is one of the best numbers of the Library, and has been thoroughly revised. It contains the testi-mony of Protestant and Roman Catholic authorities bearing on this great subject, which is now agitating so many minds. The plain testimony of the Script-ures and history is also clearly presented in answer to this important question. $1.50 per 100. The Identical Seventh Day. B. S. L., No. 114. There are three common objections brought against the Bible Sabbath: (1) The round world; (2) lost time; (3) the seventh part of time. These objections are candidly considered and clearly answered in this little tract of sixteen pages. $1.00 per 100. New Testament Sabbath. B. S. L., No. 137. The different texts in the New Testament referring to the first day of the week, and thought by many to prove its sacredness, are all examined carefully. "The New Testament Example for the Seventh Day;" "Which Day is the Seventh or Sabbath?" and "The Word Sabbath in the New Testament," all receive consideration. It is fully illustrated, and contains sixteen pages. $1.00 per 100. Rome's Arraignment of Sabbath-breakers. B. S. L., No. 150. By "Father" O'Keefe, editor Catholic Mirror, of Baltimore, in reply to seven ser-mons from as many ministers of that city, demand-ing stricter Sunday observance. $1.00 per 100. The Three Sabbaths. A. G. L., No. 58. The Lord's Sabbath, The Jewish Sabbath, The Papal Sabbath. Though the subject is a familiar one, the treatment of it is remarkably terse and refreshing.. You will enjoy reading it, and will receive an inspira-tion therefrom. 50 cents per 100. Historical Facts and Incidents. A. G. L., No. 45. Relative to the Sunday and the Sabbath, illus-trated with photo reproductions from books pub-lished in 1635 and 1636. A history of the Sabbath in a nutshell. $2.00 per 100. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. Ł Ł 