"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 14, 1899. NUMBER 36. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. W Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE early church derived her marvelous power in the earth not from politics, but from Pentecost. , THE law can establish the letter of righteousness; but we are divinely warned that the letter alone "killeth." LET men pass what laws they please; it will still re-main true that "the word of God is not bound," and will prevail in spite of all opposition. IT never does anybody much good to be forced to accept a benefit that he ought to take of his own free will. The law is out of place when it tries to force people to accept an unappreciated blessing. LAws and formalities never kept any institution alive after the spirit of it was dead in the heart of the people. How then can laws be relied on to "save the Sabbath"? WHAT is needed here, and everywhere, is not that laws should be brought to the aid of Christianity, but that Christianity should be brought to the aid of law. When people are made good, they will do right; but no amount of commands to do right can make any person good. BECAUSE "evil men and seducers" are waxing worse, as foretold by the prophet, crime is increasing in the land; and if the law cannot prevent crime from increas-ing, how can it prevent the progress of the moral degen-eracy that is back of the crime? .4 .4  WITH the gospel in the world as the divinely-ap-pointed agency to persuade men to do right, it cannot be the province of the civil law to compel men in the moral sphere. If compulsion is right, persuasion must be wrong; and vice versa. .4 .4 THE only authority which can rightfully speak in matters of religion, is that Authority which is infallible; hence the pope puts forth the claim to infallibility, and "it is at least impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith without erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the church of Rome." • - 4' The Protestant Churches "Buncoed.'' THE Protestant churches in the United States have been almost wholly in favor of the forcible establish-ment of American sovereignty in the Philippines. Their interest in the future of the Philippines, however, has not been that of the politician or financier, looking for new territory from which to acquire new power and riches. The churches have seen in the Philippines a new field for religious enterpriseŠfor the spread of the gospel of salvation by faith. And in the policy of imperialism upon which the Government has entered there, they have seen what they have taken to be a divinely-appointed means of opening this new field before them. In this, as now appears, they have been sadly mistaken. The hand of the national Government that was so con- 