MAY 16, 1895. A.IV111 1EZ,IIcCA.1QT  155 them, their sublime confidence in the integrity of their cause and their devotion to principle is something beautiful. They have the spirit of the old fathers of Israel, in that they meekly submit to persecution for faith's sake. In this day and age, when the obligations of Church and State lie so lightly upon us, and we are too apt to " bend the pregnant hinges of the knee that thrift may follow fawning," it is refreshing to witness such devotion to principle. The trouble is, that on this question the Church and State are at variance. The State has assumed to interpret the Scriptures for us and lay down an iron-clad rule regulating our faith and practice. As has always happened in a union of Church and State, great injus-tice is worked to a body of Christians who cannot agree with the State. Every man should be allowed to interpret the Bible ac-'cording to the guide furnished him by his own reason- and conscience; the Pilgrim Fathers landed on Plymouth Rock to enunciate this truth. Their descendants cannot afford to go backward. The growth of humanity should be towards breadth and freedom. A large number of States have exemption clauses that release all persons who conscien-tiously observe Saturday as the Sabbath from the operations of the Sunday law, thus recog-nizing that the minority have just as many rights as the majority in matters involving religious belief, just so long as they do not trench upon or interfere with the natural rights of others. The State of Tennessee should enact some legislation that will afford these people relief. They are among our best Christian people, thrifty, frugal, God - fearing, law - abiding, obeying in their proper spheres both Church and State, good neighbors, kind fathers and husbands. They are truly imbued with a deep piety and fervor unusual in this age of loose materialism. How any one can feel offended toward them on account of their religious practices is more than the writer, who is not himself an Adventist, can under-stand, Rather should they receive the appro-bation of every right-minded person for their consistent adherence to the plain teaching of the Bible, a book that all Christian denomina-tions profess to revere above everything else on earth, but which seems to have rather fallen into disuse as a moral code of faith and practice. A LETTER TO A CLERICAL FRIEND. Dear Brother : Your kind, earnest letter of Mayl is received. I am pleased to note that you are willing to confess that the scriptural arguments in favor of the seventh day are ." strong and not easily set aside." By your making this honest confession instead of re-sorting to the unworthy quibbling so often employed to evade the plain statements of Scripture on this question, I am encouraged to reason with you out of the Scriptures con-cerning the important questions raised in your last letter. Your first question briefly stated is this : Why is it that men and women who observe Sun-—day as the Sabbath are blessed of God with healing power for both their. spiritual and physical ills, if they are in error regarding the Sabbath? I :take it that this question is asked in all sincerity, and I therefore the more cheerfully undertake to answer it. In the outset, I thank the Lord for the mercy he manifests in blessing the children of men, notwithstand-ing their errors of doctrine. That this is true is clearly shown by the experience of the  apostles. They did not believe that Jesus would die. When the Lord told the apostles that he ﬂ must go unto Jerusalem, and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes, and be killed, and be raised again the third day," Peter voiced the sentiment of the apostles when he answered, " Be it far from thee, Lord; this shall not be unto thee." Matt. 16:21, 22. Now you and I regard a belief in the death and resurrection of Christ as a vital, funda- mental truth, and should anyone profess to work miracles in the name of Christ to-day while denying the fact of his death and resur-rection, we would regard him as an impostor, notwithstanding we were not able to dispute the genuineness of his miracle. And yet Christ, before this time and while his disciples held this great error, called them unto him and " gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast,them out, and to heal all manner of sick-ness and all manner of disease," and then sent them forth with the command: " Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give." Matt. 10:1, 8. Not until after the death and resurrection of Christ did the disciples correct their error regarding the nature of Christ's mission, and then not until he had " upbraided them with their unbelief" (Mark 16: 14), and said to them (Luke 24: 25-27): " 0 fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken: ought not Christ to have suf-fered these things, and to enter into his glory ? And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the Scriptures the things concerning himself." Now I wish to ask you, Brother  ought the disciples, after the light regarding the true nature of Christ's mission had dawned upon them from the Scriptures and revealed to them that their expectation of a glorious, temporal reign of Christ must give way to the truth that his disciples as a despised minority, must long and patiently suffer at the hands of a cruel world ;Šought they to have reasoned thus: " We honestly confess that the Scriptures do seem to teach that Christ must die, but we cannot understand how it can be that we have been so blessed while believing differently. How could we have had the power to heal the sick and cleanse the lepers, if we were in error on this all-important point ?" Oh, Brother  don't use the great mercy of God to you and others to sanctify a dogma of the Church which conflicts with the plain command of God. You have been honest in observing the first day of the week as the Sabbath, as the disciples were honest in believing that Christ would not die but take the kingdom of David and reign over the earth at that time. God has blessed you notwithstanding your errors, and now instead of using that blessing to confirm you in the error, you should accept the truth and praise him for his mercy in blessing you notwithstanding your error. The disciples were blessed while holding to errors because they were honest in the belief of their errors and were willing to exchange them for the truth. Their testimony is, " Did not our heart burn within us, while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the Scriptures ?" Now, you will agree with me that had they rejected the unfolded scriptures, they could not then have claimed the blessing. We are not judged by what we do not know, but by our attitude toward what we might and do know to be truth. If you would but stop and think, your position would prevent anyone's growing in the knowledge of the truth. When additional truth was revealed, the answer would suffice,  " God has blessed me while holding this view, therefore this view must be right and the new view wrong." Two Sabbaths ago, I, with others, was called to pray for the healing of a sister who was afflicted with a chronic disease which dis-qualified her for the care of her family of little ones. We went, and followed the in-struction given in James 5: 14-16, and the suf-ferer was instantly healed. Now, shall I con-clude that I am in error on no point of truth, and when later, I shall find myself in error on some point, shall I refuse to accept the truth and forsake the error, and give as a reason that the Lord blessed me while holding the old position, therefore it must be right ?ŠNo, no; I hold myself in readiness to accept any new truth that is supported by Scripture, and will not point to the fact that God in his infinite mercy blessed me while in error as a reason for rejecting the truth. The Lord has placed his Word above miracles. He says, " If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead." And the Lord has especially warned us against deceptive miracles in the last days, which would be so wonderful as to almost " deceive the very elect." Matt. 24:24. And Paul warns us against " the working of Satan [just before the coming of the Lord] with all power and signs and lying wonders, and with all deceivableness of un-righteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved." 2 Thess. 2: 9, 10. Instead of miracles being the test of Scripture truth, Scripture truth is the test of miracles. " To the law and to the testimony : if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them." Isaiah 8: 20. I have not time to-day to answer your last question, but will answer it in a few days. Yours fraternally, A. F. BALLENGER. MODERN RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION. [From The Progress, Minneapolis, Minn.] GOVERNOR TURNEY, of Tennessee, has re-cently pardoned eight Seventh-day Adventists who were not long since imprisoned for doing work on Sunday, at Dayton, Rhea County, Tenn. In passing sentence, the judge ad-mitted the force of the arguments for the de-fense, the injustice of the law, and the malice of the prosecution. The act of the governor in exercising the pardoning power in this case is upheld by the best sense of the com-monwealth of Tennessee and will be approved by the lovers of justice and liberty every:. where. The Adventists are peaceable and industrious people, and their persecution in Tennessee is due to personal spite on the part of persons who took advantage of an old law that is a disgrace to the statute books of that State. The Adventists make the Bible their rule of conduct and observe the seventh day of the week as a day of rest, according to the fourth commandment as they say, and allege that they cannot conscientiously do otherwise. They accordingly rest on Saturday, and work on other days of the week. Three of the imprisoned men were convicted for digging a well on Sunday; one for cutting wood, one for pulling fodder and one for put-ting wire netting around a vegetable bed. Their terms of imprisonment ranged from twenty to seventy-six days. Judge J. G. Parks who presided, said: " If there were only one of them he would be entitled not only to his honest belief, but to the exercise of that belief, so long as in so doing he did not in- 