788 THE. SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ATLANTA CLERGYMEN PROHIBIT A SUNDAY CONCERT. THE Strauss Grand Orchestra, of Vienna, now touring the United States, recently came in contact with the "American Sabbath" and some of its zeal-ous defenders. The itinerary of the orchestra was such that it could be in Atlanta, Ga., only on Sun-day, December 9, and arrangements were made in advance for a concert to be given in the Grand Opera House in that city on the evening of that day. Atlanta has an organization known as the Evangel-ical Ministers', Association, which 'determined that the concert should not be given. Accordingly, a few days preceding the above date, it adopted reso-lutions condemning Sunday concerts, and appointed 'a committee on " Sabbath desecration " to deal wish this particular concert. The chairman of this com-mittee at once prepared the following memorial to the board of police: "To the Honorable Board of Police Commissioners of the City of Atlanta.- " The Evangelical Ministers' Association of At-lanta respectfully petitions your honorable body that you will interfere in the holding of the Strauss concert which is advertised for next Sunday night at the Grand Opera House. "Believing as we do that such a concert held, on the Sabbath is a desecration of the Lord's day and an open violation of the State law, and will prove an entering wedge to the further desecration of our Christian Sabbath." As the regular meeting of the police board would not occur until after the time appointed for the concert, the chairman of this committee, Dr. Hoi-derby, went in person to members of the board and secured the signatures of a majority, to an order instructing the chief of police to Prevent the giVing of the concert. Notice to' that effect was then issued from the police department to the owner of the opera house. The business manager of the orchestra at once came to the City, and made every effort to conciliate the ministers and to secure per-mission to fill the engagement. He declared that the action of the ministers and the police was un-precedented in the experience of his company, and that it had never entered his mind, in arranging for the, concert on Sunday evening, that it would be a violation of any city or State law. He explained that the concert which Mr. Strauss, proposed to give was Of selections from "the most famous and ele-_ vated of the world's. musical composers; and offered finally to arrange. the program so as to present only such compositions as would' be, " appro-priate to the sacred character of the day." The ministers held another meeting and determined not to recede from their demand. The concert Was then given up, although expense in arranging for it had already been incurred, previous to the action of the ministers, of more than $2,000. The incident brought out the fact that on a recent Sunday evening a musical entertainment-was given by a local band in this same opera,house, and that in the parks of the city bands frequently play on Sunday afternoons. The music at none of these entertainments could be called " sacred," yet nothing has been done to prohibit them. The ministers of Atlanta evidently intended that the " strangers " from Europe shoiild be made to respect'their " Sab-bath" whether those who sojourn permanently in the city do so or not. If there was any reason why the city authorities should have forbidden the giving of the concert, it does not appear in the memorial prepared by the ministers. Their demand is based wholly upon re-ligious grounds, and does not cite a single reason that justified police interference. It appears also that neither in the State Sunday law nor in the ordi-nance of the -city was there anything that could apply to the proposed concert. The law is very stringent in regard to' keeping open places of busi-ness and following one's ordinary calling, but no-where is it intimated that a' concert, is unlawful. The ministers insisted, however, that it was not " a work of charity or of necessity." The manager for the orchestra, while expressing himself as ready to comply with the law, said that he was convinced that the action of the ministers was, far from being either a work of charity or of necessity. It seems that the authorities concerned them-selves very little about the language of the law, but acted simply on the demand of the ministers. This dictation to police officials by ministers whereby they are enabled to force respect for their religioulS" convictions from people who are violating no law and infringing upon no' right of others, is an enter-ing wedge far more dangerous than a Sunday con-cert can possibly be. JOHN D. BRADLEY. PERSUASION, not force, wins men to truth.. 