90 AMERICAN SENTINEL. higher honor than to be recognized as the emblem of that which is noblest in human government. IT is for this reason, and this alone, that the flag can be worthy of honor. This is a great nation, it is true; but mere greatness is not a thing to be honored. Rome was a great nationŠso great that she ruled the worldŠbut we would hardly think of paying homage to the Ro-man eagles. It is goodness, not greatness, that makes anything worthy of recognition; and the flag would be just as worthy of honor were this the weakest and most insignificant nation on earth, but founded on the princi-ples of the Constitution and Declaration of Independence, instead of being, as it is to day, one of the greatest and most influential. But in saluting the flag what thought is uppermost in the minds of the children,Šthat of the principles of civil liberty for which our forefathers con-tended? or of how big and powerful we have grown to be among the nations of the 'earth? * * * THERE is nothing more essential to the welfare of the country than that these principles of civil liberty should be recognized and put in practice by all the people, both young and old. But that the flag salute contributes anything to this lend we have no evidence for believ-ing. On the contrary there is evidence that it tends to revive that sectional animosity which can have no place in free government. Moreover, as an indication of real patriotism, the salute is of no value; it stands only only on a par with formalism in religion. PrinciplesŠthe principles of right and manly conductŠare the things of value. Beside these, all sentimental forms and ceremo-nies sink into insignificance. Sunday in Hawaii. IN Washington, D. C., there is considerable agitation over the matter of opening the Congressional Library on Sundays. One who is well informed upon the situation as regards Sunday opening of libraries, museums, and places of amusement on Sundays in other lands, says that "We would learn something from that little republic out in mid-oceanŠfor the public library in Honolulu is open not simply every week-day, but all day Sunday, having the same hours, from nine o'clock in the morning until ten o'clock in the evening. And yet, Honolulu might well be called a City of Churches and church going people. From personal knowledge during my recent three-months' visit to Hawaii, I can say, no New England village in our own land shows a more strict observance of Sunday than Honolulu." Why, asks this writer, should we have the saloons accessible on Sundays and the libraries closed, as is the general rule in this country? The writer goes on to state that "This is the more remarkable because of the mixed  populationŠJapanese, Chinese, PortugueseŠwho may not care for the Christian Sabbath, but respect the law, in the strict observance of the Sunday as a day of abso-lute rest from all work or business. It seems from this that the best Sunday observance by law is secured where the population are mostly straight-out heathen, making no pretense of regard for Sunday as a sacred day. But is this what is desired by the clergymen and others who are calling for Sunday laws ? Sunday-Closing Movement in Lexington, Ky. THE Lexington (Ky.) Morning Herald, of January 24, reports a meeting held in that city the previous day to inaugurate a movement for Sunday closing of all kinds of business. It was held under the auspices of the Christian Endeavor and Epworth League societies of the city, joined by the W. C. T. U. and Y. M. C. A. The meeting was held in the Central Christian Church, and was "largely attended." The object of the meeting was stated as being "to devise some means of preventing the opening of business houses and saloons on Sunday," which was alleged to be in violation of existing city and State enactments. It was decided that Sunday newspapers should be prohibited, as well as other business enterprises; also that an investigation be made with reference to Sunday mail delivery in the city, with the view of securing its abolition. After this the meeting adjourned until February 6. Whether or not it was claimed that this movement for Sunday closing was of a merely civil character, is not stated. If the claim was made, as is usual on such occa-sions, it was sufficiently refuted by the circumstances of its inauguration.,  A number of purely religious organizations came to-gether in a church building and inaugurated a movement for the compulsory closing of all business on a religious day. Is there anything in this savoring of a union of church and state? For whose benefit is the government of the State of Kentucky run? For the religious societies, or for the whole people? And who is to be benefitted by a forced observance of a religious day? These are live questions, which it belongs to legisla-tors and the whole people to consider. A MOVEMENT is now in progress in New York City "to lessen the amount of Sunday labor, due to the in-creasing tendency to open shops on that day." "Many proprietors say that they would be glad to close, but are forced to keep open by their customers, many of them church people." That is, the fear of losing aŁ  little trade forces them 