AMERICAN SENTINEL. 283 Cardinal Moran a seat in the Federal Convention. But were they equally anxious that no Protestant ecclesiastic should be allowed the same privilege? Not at all; they had no anxiety whatever on that point. Nor were they anxious that religion should be kept out of the provis-ions of the Constitution by which the Federation is to be governed, for it was expressly urged by a "Council of Churches " Š Protestant churches, of courseŠthat the Constitution should contain certain provisions of a reli-gious character. They secured petitions to this end and sent them to the Convention. All they were afraid of was that by the election of Cardinal Moran to a seat in the Convention, some of his religion might get embodied in the Constitution in the place of theirŁ own. The Echo comments as follows :Š "This is all very well as applied to Cardinal Moran, and bears out the predictions already made that his ap-pearance on the political field would arouse sectarian strife and religious controversy and opposition. And it is doubtless well that it should, remembering what the investure with civil authority, of cardinals, popes, and re-ligious ecclesiastics, has resulted in in the past. "But there is a principle involved here which is broader than Cardinal Moran, or even the Roman Catholic Church. If it is impossible to separate the person of Francis Patrick Moran from the position he occupies in the Ro-man Catholic Church, it is just as impossible to separate the persons of Protestant ministers from the positions they occupy in their respective churches. And if Cardinal Moran's ecclesiastical position excludes him from the right to meddle with politics, so does the like position occupied by Protestant ministers also exclude them from the same. "Cardinal Moran has as much right to enter politics as have Protestant ministers. He has as much right to seek to introduce religion into civil affairs as have the ministers who compose the Council of Churches. He has as much right to seek through law to establish the su-premacy of the Roman pontiff as head of the church in the place of Jesus Christ, as have any number of Protest-ant ministers to attempt, by the same means, to estab-lish the Sunday sabbath in the place of the Sabbath of the Bible; for both are alike religious dogmas and there_ fore ruled out of the rightful domain of civil government, and both are alike unscriptural and of the Roman Cath-olic Church. "There can be no escape from the logic of this argu-ment. A thing is not wrong because done by a man pro-fessing the Roman Catholic faith. It is wrong, if wrong at all, because it is wrong in principle. Let not this be forgotten. A wrong principle followed will lead Protest-ants astray just as truly as it will Roman Catholics. Name and profession count for nothing here. Principles operate the same the world over. "Therefore, we say that such a protest as the one above quoted, while good in itself, can come with consis-tency and with good grace only from those religionists who themselves let politics severely alone, and who op-pose, with all their might all attempts to unite Church and State through the introduction of any religious questions whatsoever into civil affairs. Let Protest-ants see to it that they are consistent and truly Prot-estant." THE Pilot, a prominent Catholic journal of Boston, Mass., in its issue of March 13, makes note of the bill be-fore the Kansas legislature to incorporate thee  Ten Com-mandments into the code of that State, and says:Š " What about that [commandment] enjoining to `keep holy the Sabbath day?' According to the Old Testament in which the Decalogue is to be found, the Sabbath day was Saturday. By authority of the Catho-lic Church of our Lord, that day has been changed from Saturday to Sunday without any sanction of the Old Testament. Wherefore, if the legislature of Kansas pass the proposed law, where will the citizens of the State be ' at,' in the event of trying to make men righteous by act of the legislature?" -4-4 Perversion of the Constitution. BY M. E. KELLOGG. WHEN one protests very vigorously that such and such a thing is not so, when there is apparently no occa-sion for such a protest, it at once excites the suspicion that the protestor is liable to the implication of the very thing which he denies; since his own vehement protests are evidently thrust out as fenders to ward off a blow that he feels he is liable to receive. This may be seen in the continual protests and assertions that the proposed union of Christianity and the Government inthis country is not a union of the Church with the State. The pastor of the M. E. Metropolitan Church, of Washington, D. C., at which President McKinley wor-ships, is one of these protestors, and the Sunday evening sermon subsequent to the inauguration, listened to by the President, was devoted to a presentation of the idea that Christianity united to the State is the ideal system, and that by such a union the Constitution is to be car-ried out! As we learn from the Christian Statesman, the discourse was from 2 Kings 11:12 and Rom. 13:1. We will give a few sentences from the synopsis of the sermon as given in the above named paper of April 3:Š " The Christian religion is the foundation of all law and literature, and to be hostile to the Christian religion is to be hostile to the Government in which we dwell. The Constitution provides that Congress shall make no law regulating the establishmentŁ of religion or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof; and that no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification for any office of public trust. These simply secure religious freedom and separation of the Church from the State. They are as a bill of rights, guaranteeing to all the churches full liberty, and forbidding Congress ever to abridge that liberty. 'It is not a union of Church and State, but the union of Christianity and the State, etc." Never was there a more un-American and ridiculous statement made than that hostility to the Christian reli-gion is hostility to the United States Government. Men were hostile to the Christian religion hundreds of years ago; were they therefore hostile to the United States 