SEPTEMBER 5, 1895. NT rxiba,. 275 small slice of meat; the same amount of bread and a slightly larger slice of meat for dinner; half a pone of bread and a little syrup for supper. SOmetimes a small amount of greens at dinner, not half as much as a man would want to eat. The term " meat " means here the side of hogs, almost all fat and heavily salted. The complaint is universal among the men that they do not have enough to eat. As might be expected, the accommodations for sleeping are no better than the rations. At night the convicts are kept in ill-smelling, vermin-infested stockades. There is one such in Atlanta. The convicts are packed together like sardines in a box. A central chain runs through the building, and to this all the con-victs are fastened by the leg-chains which they are required to wear constantly. Many stories are told of shameful neglect of these chained men. In fact, horrors equaling the stories of the sufferings of Russian exiles to Siberia are of every-day occurrence in the chain-gangs and stockades of Georgia. These details are revolting even when we know that the men who suffer these things are justly deprived of their liberty and re-quired to render services to the public; but revolting as are such scenes, they pale before the scenes which are almost certain to be witnessed erelong in the State of Georgia, when honest, God-fearing men shall be driven in the chain-gangs of that State and most barbarously treated for refusal to work upon the divinely-appointed Sabbath of the Lord. Such injustice in milder form has been witnessed already in other States. But Georgia presents an unusually promising field for revolting outrages against religious liberty, from the fact that the laws of that State pro- vide that one guilty of violating the Sunday law, May be " punished by a fine not to ex- ceed $1,000, imprisonment not to exceed six months, to work in the chain-gang upon the public works, or on such other works as the county authorities may employ the chain-gang, not to exceed twelve months; and any one or more of these punishments may be ordered, at the discretion of the judge." Persistent refusal to work in the chain-gang would be counted insurrection, and might be punished with death; and would certainly be punished very severely by the grasping con-tractors. It is fearful to contemplate the probabilities growing out of the Georgia Sun-day law; for.  Seventh-day Adventists con-victed under that law would certainly refuse to work on the Sabbath; and judging by the treatment accorded to other prisoners, they could expect no mercy from their inhuman overseers. And yet we are living in the clos-ing decade of the nineteenth century, in " free America," a so-called Christian land. The question has been asked, " What if Christ should come to London, or Chicago, or to Congress ?" But is it not equally perti- nent to ask, What if he should come to Ten-nessee or Georgia, and there find in prisons, stockades, and chain-gangs, Christian men condemned for loyalty to the " Sabbath of the Lord" ? Would he not say:Š I have come, and the world shall be shaken Like a reed, at the touch of my rod, And the kingdoms of time shall awaken To the voice and the summons of God ; No more through the din of the ages Shall warnings and chidings divine, From the lips of my prophets and sages, Be trampled like pearls before swine. I turn from your altars and arches, And the mocking of steeples and domes, To join in the long, weary marches Of the ones ye have robbed of their homes; share in the sorrows and crosses, Of the naked, the hungry and cold, And dearer to me are their losses Than your gains and your idols of gold. I will wither the might of the spoiler, I will laugh at your dungeons and locks, The tyrant shall yield to the toiler, And your judges eat grass like the ox; For the prayers of the Poor have ascended To be written in lightnings on high, And the wails of your captives have blended With the bolts that must leap from the sky.* " Because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil." But deliverance is none the less cer-tain. The justice of God slumbereth not. TRUE PROTESTANTISM. TRUE Protestantism is that Protestantism which most truly and forcibly protests against the evil principles represented in the religion of the papacy. Those evil principles are older than the papal system, and true Protestantism is older than the Reformation. The most effective protest against error is a statement of the truth; and as actions speak plainer than words, the most effective pre-sentation of divine truth is found in the Christian life. This is true Protestantism, and it is as old as the creation of man. Its effectiveness has been shown in all ages, by the persecution it has brought upon its exemplifiers in the world. It is shown now by the persecution directed against Christian violators of the Sunday law, by those who adhere to the papal doctrine that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that civil power should enforce religious dogmas, while other violators around them are not molested. This Protestantism is not a mere negation, dependent on other doctrines for its existence. It is the living, positive, eternal truth of God. It was first, and the errors of Romanism and of all false religions came afterwards. "By the word of the Lord were the heavens made," and by the same word truth has stood in all ages, stands now, and will stand eternally. The Reformers found that word, and receiving it in faith, they at once became Protestants. It is thus that true Protestants are made to-day. THIS OCCURRED IN NEW YORK. The Law is Supreme. [Evening World, August 26.] A LITTLE child lay dying in a room in a crowded tenement house. By the side of the poor bed sat a pale-faced woman. It was Sunday, but the woman's fingers were busy with her needle. So long as there was day-light, seven days in the week, she must sew constantly upon the garments which later would be sold by greedy merchants at so-called " bargain sales." The merchant would make his goodly profit, for the " bargains " were made possible by the miserable wages paid to the woman and her tired sisters who stitched in other tenements. The little figure on the bed stirred, and a thin little hand was stretched out toward the woman. " Mamma!" " What is it, darling ?" cooed the woman, as she put aside her work for a moment and bent over her child. "I am so hot, mamma. My head is burning up. Give me some water, mamma." " Yes, darling." The mother rose wearily and went out into *James G. Clark, in Arena for December, 1894, the hall to fill a pitcher at the sink there. As she entered the room again she looked out of the window into the crowded street below. Many children were clustered around the back end of an ice wagon. The woman's eyes brightened. She went over to the bed, and, bending over the tiny figure there, said: " Girlie, mamma will get you some ice, and that will make your throat cool. Lie still for a moment; I will be right back." Then, with the nickel which had cost her two hours' hard labor clutched in her hand, she ran down the narrow stairs and into the street. " Give me five cents' worth," she 'said to the iceman. He selected a piece of ice, weighed it and was handing it to her, when a policeman sud-denly appeared from the other side of the wagon and laid his hand upon the man's shoulder. " I arrest you," saith the policeman. "It is after 10 o'clock, and it is against the law to sell ice on Sunday at this hour. You will have to come to the police court with me. And you must come, too," he added to the woman. "My little girl is very sick; I musn't leave her," cried the poor woman, in great distress. " That don't go," said the policeman. " Come along." And she had to go. At the police court the iceman was held for violating the Sunday law. The woman was questioned and told to come back in the morning as a witness. Then she was allowed to go. She hurried back to the tenement where she lived. She ran up-stairs and entered the room. " I was kept away and couldn't get back sooner, darling," she said. " I couldn't get the ice because"  Suddenly the words died on her lips. She knelt down by the bed and took a little wasted hand in hers. Then, raising her face, she gazed up with dry eyes that yet saw nothing and whispered: " Thy will be done, 0 God ! Thou knowest best!" For the child was dead. SOME GEORGIA "LAW." Richmond, Va., Aug. 25, 1895. EDITOR SENTINEL: Your readers will re-member that Prof. E. C. Keck and myself were fined $50 and costs each, or ninety days en the streets in the chain-gang, by the mayor of Gainesville, Ga., nearly two years ago, foi working in our church at that place on Sun-day. The city did not even have an ordinance against Sunday work, but did have one against "disorderly conduct and disturbing the peace," and finding there was no city statute exactly covering our case, the mayor brought it in under this head, and arbitrarily fined us as stated, though the testimony of the witnes es did not by any means prove us guilty of tl e charge, the nearest neighbors swearing that they were not disturbed. There was, and is, .a State -Sunday law in Geo'gia, and whatever offense there was in the Sunday work, was against the State and not against the city at all. The grand jury found a bill of indictment against us, and after a trial in the County Cotirt, which resulted in a disagreement of the jury and a " mistrial; " the case was finally dismissed from court with-out a conviction. The mayor's action was not only making two cases out of the same offense, but it was taking action in a case over which he had no jurisdiction whatever. Hence we appealed the case to the Superior Court, asking that the mayor's judgment be set aside. The best 