796 AMERICAN SENTINEL. by side. But after the Druid priests had been driven away by the emperor, this religion gradually gave place to the gods of Rome, till Christianity found a foot-hold. "During the reign of Vespasian, there was a man named Civilis, who determined that Gaul should be free; so he raised an army and proclaimed a man named Sabinus, emperor. But the rebellion was quelled, and though Sabinus and his faithful wife concealed themselves for nine years in a cave, they were found and beheaded by the cruel emperor. Although he was pronounced the most merciful of any who had preceded him, he did not heed the first principle of love laid down by Him who had said : `Love your enemies, do good to them which persecute you, and pray for them which despitefully use you?' "How long was it before the religion of Christ was taught in Gaul? I would like to make a note of it," asked Rob Billings, who seemed to be making good use of his pencil and note-book. "It was about 160 years after Christ. Some Chris-tians from Asia Minor, heeding their Master's command to go into all the world, settled in the place which is now called Lyons. But a bitter persecution was soon started, Šyou see that the spirit of religious persecution is as old as Satan himself. The more the emperor wanted to please his gods, the more he felt it to be his duty to pun-ish those who differed from him in their religious convic-tions. So they were tortured in every way that cruel men could invent; and all this under the foolish notion that they were pleasing the gods." "How long did this persecution last?" asked Edna Phillips, with a little quaver in her voice, for she was a tender-hearted girl and could never endure to see any of God's creatures suffer. "For about 150 years, off and on," answered Profes-sor Carman, "and then, about the beginning of the fourth century, Constantine declared himself a Chris-tian. "When you and Robert go to Paris, Charlie," said the professor, who knew of their promised visit, you will see a hill just outside the city, called `Montmartre,' or `Mountain of Martyrs."' "We will look for it," said Charlie, writing busily in his note-book. "We will soon begin to introduce dates, which will help us better to keep in mind the events. But we have taken such rapid strides in these first, lessons that we have not found it practicable. But you can remember that we have taken you now, from the first settlement of Marseilles about 600 years before Christ, to the professed conversion of Constantine, about the beginning of the fourth century. "Now I will ask, How many wish to continue' these studies?" "All of us!" shouted a dozen voices at once. "Well, then, I shall expect you all to be present next  Wednesday afternoon, when we will hear something about the Franks." Then the children hurried home to display their note-books to their parents, and to declare that they thought Professor Carman's talks were going to be a great helpŁ to them. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. A Sermon for Children. "Goon morning, children. I am glad to see so many happy faces before me. This is your meeting, and I will therefore expect you to do a good deal of the talking. Now, in the first place, I ask you what it is to be a Chris- tian?" "It is to be like Jesus." "It is to keep the commandments." "It is to be good." "It is to be like Christ." "Very well. Now what do you think would be a good text of the Bible to start with?" "We shall be like him." 1 John 3:2. "As he is, so are we in this world." 1 John 4:17. "He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked." 1 John 2:6. "Very good. You must have studied your Bibles a good deal to have such ready answers." "We attend Sabbath-school, sir." "That's right. Now tell me, if a boy is greedy, and selfish, what do you say of him?" "He is piggish." "He is hoggish." "Can a pig or hog be a Christian?" "No, sir." "If any person acts like a pig or hog, is he a Chris- tian?" "No, sir." "I should say not." "Suppose I write on a slip of paper, This is a Chris- tian,' and tie it on the pig, would that make a Christian of him?" "No, sir." "Suppose I paste the paper on a piggish boy, would it make a Christian of him?" "No, sir. He would be just as piggish as he was before." "Very well. Now, if most of the people who live in this city or country, were greedy, and selfish, and filthy in their habits, what animal would you draw on your slates to show what kind of people they were?" "A pig." "A hog." "That's right. Now, God represents nations by beasts. Do you know of any such spoken of in the Bible?" "Yes, sir. In the book of Daniel Babylon is called `like a lion,' and Med o-Persia 'like a bear.'" 