144 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, MARCH 3, 1898. IT would be very interesting to ob-serve, should the contingency arise, with what measure of zeal our patri-otic bishops and archbishops of the Roman Catholic Church would sup port this country in a war with Spain. A DECISION is expected soon from the Supreme Court of Ohio which will settle the controversy over the ques-tion of whether baseball shall be played in that state on Sunday. The last ruling in the lower courts,Šthat of Judge Ong,Šwas favorable to Sunday games. THOSE persons who find fault with the SENTINEL on the ground that it is a "chronic kicker," should remem-ber that is not the part of a sentinel to cry "All's well," when there is something decidedly wrong. And he who does not know that there is something decidedly wrong in the trend of affairs in this country, is asleep. IN Topeka, Kans., a movement has been started with the object of making the reading of the Bible in the public schools of the city compul-sory. It is reported that "appeals have been made to the Christian par_ eats to attend the annual school meeting in April and to vote for and insist upon the reading of the Bible daily, and that teachers shall be re-quired to teach to the children as their, first lesson in reading, the Ten Commandments." THERE is a stir of "National Re-form" in Atlanta, Ga. Preparations are being made for vigorous work in the distribution of National Reform literature throughout the State. The animus of the movement is shown by a speech recently made by a prom-inent Atlanta lawyer in its behalf, in which he referred to Nehemiah's course in "laying hands" upon Sab-bath desecrators as the proper course to be pursued by reformers now. A RECENT issue of the daily Sun (New York) contained this interesting item:Š "The Baptist Boys' Brigade had its sixth annual reception and review yesterday afternoon in the new Ninth Regiment armory on Fourteenth Street. Eight hundred and eighty boys went through regimental and-company manoeuvres before nearly 7,000 people. The boys were all members of Baptist Sunday schools." And when these boys shall put their military knowledge to practical use, opportunity for which may soon arise, the Sunday schools can make the proud claim of having trained them for the fray, and of saying that they fought "like Baptists." THE hearing on the Sunday Rest Bill for the District of Columbia took place as announced Friday, February 25, before a sub-committee of the Congressional Committee for the Dis-trict. The leading speakers in behalf of the bill were Dr. W. F. Crafts of the "Bureau of Reforms" at Washington, and Mr. Win. A. Gordon, a Washing-ton attorney. Against the bill ap-peared Dr. A. H. Lewis, secretary of the American Sabbath Tract Soc'y, Mr. Geo. B. Wheeler, of the Interna-tional Religious Liberty Ass'n, Gen. Wm. Birney, of Washington, Prof. H. C. Kirk, Pres. Secular League of Washington, and Dr. W. A. Croffut, Sec. Secular Union of New Jersey. Fifty-five minutes were given each side for the presentation of argu-ments. The result seemed to be un-favorable to the bill. A fuller report of the hearing will appear in our next issue. A BILL which is now before Con-gress, and has already passed the House, provides that the water tax shall be remitted to all churches within the jurisdiction of the Com-, missioners of the District of Colum-bia. The water tax will be paid, of course; but it is proposed by this bill that other people than those of the churches shall pay it. This is only in line with the remission of taxes on church property, which is an  established custom; but it calls at-tention to the injustice of that cus-tom. For without doubt it is just as proper to remit the water tax to the churches as it is to remit the tax on church buildings; and just as proper for the public to be obliged to pay all other expenses of running the churches as to pay their water and land taxes. The whole germ of church and state union is in the bill. ONE who is described as "an Amer-icanized Russian," who has been as-sociated with the Nihilists in his na-tive land, is quoted in one of the magazines as saying:Š "A Nihilist is not an anarchist, nor even a Socialist. He is merely one who desires with all his heart, and above everything else in the world, the liberty of speech and action that is the birthright of every living soul, and which is guaranteed to every American by the Constitution of the United States. Oh, you Americans should be the very happiest people on earth, for you have everything that the rest of the world is striving to gain." Yes; so we have in theory, and ac-cording to the Constitution; but we do not prize these things as they are prized by lovers of liberty in foreign lands, and as a result they are fast slipping from our grasp. THE efficiency of the SENTINEL de-pends largely upon the aid of the friends of freedom in sending to it the news from along the skirmish line in all parts of the field. To many who have done this we have replied by letter, expressing our appreciation of their efforts and interest; and to all who have not heard from us per-sonally, we wish hereby to say the same. We assure one and all that the SENTINEL appreciates their aid in Its battle for the liberties of the peo-ple. IT would be good missionary work to send the SENTINEL for a few weeks to some of your W. C. T. U. friends, while we are printing the articles re-lating to W. C. T. U. hiStory. 