TIM AMERICAN SENTINEL. 355 ing proper Sabbath observance. Thus the innate wickedness of this thing be-comes more apparent at each step in its development. C. P. B. Christ vs. Religious Legislation. THE Church and the State were both ordained of God. The Church to teach the gospel and be the light of the world, while the State was commissioned to ex-ercise authority in civil affairs. God is a God of order and not of confusion. He made no mistake when he called both of these organizations into being, and as-signed to each its work. And he did not assign to both the same work. There was to be no occasion for coercion in accom-plishing the work assigned to the Church and in her commission she was authorized to use none. She was to present Jesus as the world's Redeemer and the sinner's only hope and say, Come! The power through which her work was to be per-formed was in Christ and not in the civil government. The weapons of her warfare were not to be carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. The civil government was to use carnal weapons in the protection of those who acted civilly and in the administration of justice upon the uncivil. The judging of civil questions has been committed to the hands of men in this life and it is proper for them to sit in judgment upon such cases; but of religious matters it was said, " Judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light, the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts; and then shall every man have praise of God." Paul was here speaking of the treatment the Christian church was receiving at the hands of her perse-cutors on account of her faith in Christ. He further adds : " But with me it is a very small thing that I should be judged of you or of man's judgment: . . . But he that judgeth me is the Lord." Hence, judging in matters of religion be-fore the Lord comes, who will judge the living and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom, is called by Paul judging before the time, and denounced as all out of place for the civil government, and very wrong. Even Jesus told his disciples that if any one heard his words and believed not, he would not judge him, but that the word which he had spoken should judge him in the last day. Certainly the disciple is not greater than his Lord, and if the Master would not judge those who did not accept his teaching, his followers are not authorized to judge and to imprison their fellow-men because they do not ac-cept their religious views. We have many examples in the Scrip-tures where the civil government has legislated upon religion. But in the instances given, Jesus has ever identified himself with those who were condemned because they would not sacrifice their con-scientious convictions in religious mat-ters, in order to be in harmony with the State. With the three Hebrew worthies in the fiery furnace, there was seen the form of the fourth which was like the Son of God. He sent his angel and closed the lions' mouths when Daniel was con-demned, and cast into their den on ac-count of his faith. In like manner he manifested himself to Paul and Silas, and  to Peter, when they were imprisoned for preaching Jesus. The angel also tells them that they should ignore the com-mand of the State in this and go right on preaching the gospel in its simplicity, though they were few in number and the State was legislating against their reli-gious beliefs. When Stephen was being stoned on account of his faith, and he cast his eyes about him to catch a glance from some sympathizing friend, he was greatly encouraged by seeing the heav-ens opened and beholding Jesus standing at the right hand of God. So now those who may see the power of the State ar-rayed against them because they follow the Master, keeping the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus, have the comforting assurance," Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." As the Saviour said to Saul when he was persecuting the church, " Why perse-mtest thou me ?" so now he says to those who persecute his followers, " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren ye have done it unto me." True religion never seeks to enforce its observance upon others. It seeks only voluntary adherents. Enforced religion is always the result of apostasy. Let those who contemplate lending their in-fluence in support of religious legislation, beware lest haply they be found to fight against God. R. C. PORTER. Christianity and the Common Law. IN another place in this paper it has been pointed out how that in Tennessee the statute is ignored and the theory of " Christianity as the Common law " is used as the authority for the persecutions there for Sunday work. This doctrine of " Christianity as the Common law " is worthy of some attention on its own ac-count; and as this Tennessee history fur-nishes a living example we take this opportunity to show what the doctrine really amounts to. It is an undeniable principle of the law that the common law is superseded by the written law. A statute repeals the com-mon law on the same subject : and a Con-stitution supplants the common law on all points upon which the Constitution speaks. 1. As a statute' takes the place of the common law on the same subject, and as the State of Tennessee has a statute on the subject of Sunday work, it follows that any indictment or prosecution, at common law, for Sunday work, is there-fore precluded, and is void. 2. As a Constitution supplants the com-mon law in all points upon which the Con-stitution speaks; as the Constitution of Tennessee expressly declares that "no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship;" and as Christianity is in its every intent and purpose a mode of wor-ship; it follows that when the Supreme Court of Tennessee recognized and estab-lished Christianity as a part of the com-mon law of that State, that court did thereby positively give preference by law to that religion and its modes of worship. But this, being in violation of the express provision of the Constitution, is in itself void. It may be well to give some citations upon this point. The Constitution of California contains substantially the same  provisions as does that of Tennessee. And upon, this same question the Su-preme Court of that State spoke as follows : We often meet with the expression that Chris-tianity is part of the common law. Conceding that this is true, it is not perceived how it can in-fluence the decision of a constitutional question. The Constitution of this State will not tolerate any discrimination or preference in favor of any reli-gion; and so far as the common law conflicts with this provision, it must yield to the Constitution. Our constitutional theory regards all religions, as such, equally entitled to protection, and all equally unentitled to any preference. Before the Constitu-tion they are all equal. When there is no ground or necessity upon which a principle can rest, but a religious one, then the Constitution steps in and says that you shall not enforce it by authority of law. Š9 Lee 513. The Constitution of Ohio has the same provisions, almost word for word, as has the Constitution of Tennessee. And like-wise upon this same question the Supreme Court of that State spoke thus :Š The Constitution of Ohio having declared " that all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of conscience; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience ; that no man shall be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any ministry, against his consent; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious society or mode of worship, and no religious test shall be required as a qualification te any office of trust or profit," it follows that neither Christianity nor any other system of religion is a part of the law of this State. We sometimes hear it said that all religions are tolerated in Ohio; but the expression is not strictly accurate; much less accurate is it to say that one religion is a part of our law, and all others only tolerated. It is not mere toleration that every individual here is pro-tected in his belief or disbelief. He reposes, not upon the leniency of government, or the liberality of any class or sect of men, but upon his natural, indefeasible rights of conscience, which, in the language of the Constitution, are beyond the con-trol or interference of any human authority.Š,2 Ohio Rep., 387. The Constitution of New York is sub-stantially the same; and the Supreme Court of that State annihilates the propo-sition that Christianity is part of the common law, in the following masterly reasoning The maxim that Christianity is part and parcel of the common law has been frequently repeated by judges and text writers ; but few have chosen to examine its truth Or attempted to explain its meaning We have, however, the high authoroity of Lord Mansfield, and his successor, the present Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench, Lord Camp-bell, for stating as its true and only sense, that the law will not permit the essential truths of revealed religion to be ridiculed and reviled. In other words, that blasphemy is an indictable offense at common law. The truth of the maxim in this very partial and limited sense may be admitted. But if we attempt to extend its application, we shall find ourselves obliged to confess that it is un-meaning or untrue. If Christianity is a municipal law, in the proper sense of the term, as it must be if a part of the common law, every person is liable to be punished by the civil power, who refuses to embrace its doctrines and follow its precepts. And if it must be conceded that in this sense the maxim is untrue, it ceases to be intelligible, since a law without a sanction is an absurdity in logic and a nullity in fact. Let it be admitted, however, that Christianity is a part of the common law, in any sense of the maxim which those who assert its truth may choose to attribute to it. The only effect of the admis-sion is to create new difficulties, quite as impossible to overcome as those that have already been stated. How, we would then ask, . . . are we to apply the test which Christianity is said to furnish? It will not be pretended that the common law has supplied us with any definition of Christianity. Yet without a judicial knowledge of what Chris-tianity is, how is it possible to determine whether a particular use, alleged to be pious, is or is not con-sistent with the truths which Christianity reveals ? No religious use has been or can be created, that does not imply the existence and truth of some particular religious doctrine; and hence, when we affirm the validity of a use as pious, we necessarily affirm the truth of the doctrine upon which it is founded. In a country where a definite form of 