200 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JUNE 19, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance; except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SEvriariti. need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is stated that a wealthy citizen of Minneapolis, Minnesota, has announced his intention to spend $50,000, if necessary, to prevent one of the theaters of that city from giving Sunday performances here-after. IN the American Bible Society, at its annual session in this city, it was stated that during the past eight years, 750,000 families in this country have been found without Bibles, and almost 300,000 of these families refused the Bible even as a gift. That is another argument which goes to show how this is ""a Christian Ł 4.  Ł  WE recently selected for our columns an article from one of the great religious papers of this city which we thought ex-ceptionally good, and which we designed printing with proper credit. It was put into type, and came very near getting into the page before we noticed that it con-tained an entire paragraph which had been plagiarized bodily from the Sun. We have no objection to the Sun; indeed we think it a very good paper, but we feel ashamed to think that one of our leading religious papers is compelled to steal edi-torials from a secular paper. It is prob-ably true that there is honor among thieves, that is, among ordinary thieves, but it is scarcely true of literary pirates. ABOUT the only thing in which the ad-vocates of Sunday laws are perfectly agreed among themselves is, that they should have Sunday laws. But when it comes to the basis for the required legis-lation, they find themselves unable to agree. The National Reformers repudiate the idea of the " civil Sabbath." They maintain that the only proper ground for Sunday laws is the law of God, and very properly say that to admit any human authority or civil policy, would be to admit the right of the State to fix, and consequently to change the Sabbath; and to take this position would be virtually to say that were the State to change the day, they would also change their practice in the observance of the day. But many, even among Christian min-isters, assert that there is a civil basis for Sunday laws, and that they ask for such  legislation, not on religious, but on civil and utilitarian grounds. This idea is made prominent by the American Sab-bath Union, and by those who are work-ing in harmony with them. It was the central, thought in a recent Sunday law meeting held in Oakland, California, at which the Council of that city were re-quested to pass a Sunday-closing ordi-nance on purely " civil grounds." But to show the confusion which existed in the minds of the leaders of the meeting it is only necessary to say.that the resolutions adopted, used repeatedly the term "the Christian Sabbath," and closed with these words : " We hereby express our decided conviction that the City Council should, without delay, pass an ordinance that will close all the saloons on the Sabbath day." This shows that it is not the "civil Sab-bath," so called, which they wish to pre-serve, but the religious institution insisted upon by the National Reformers. It also shows the fact that nobody recognizes a " civil Sabbath; " that is, a Sabbath hav-ing any basis other than the authority of the Church or the authority of God. THE President of the American Sabbath Union recommends his Saturday evening paper for Sunday reading. But the one objection that takes precedence of all others against the Sunday newspaper is that the reading of it keeps many people froth church, and that those who read it and go to church are very much hindered in their devotions, and their listening to the sermon while at church. Now will not the reading of Mr. Shepard's Saturday evening paper on Sunday have the same effect ? And if so, will the American Sab-bath Union advocate the abolition of Mr. Shepard's Saturday evening paper ? If not, why not ? THE Converted Catholic of this city says that " it is painfully true that former priests, and even converted priests, will receive ample compensation for their services in denouncing Popery in all its phases, and especially if they speak of the immorality and wickedness of Jesuit priests and nuns, but they can starve if they try to preach the gospel to the Roman Catholics." This simply shows that the contest between Catholics and Protestants is no longer one of principle but is simply a fight for advantage. This is further shown by the fact that Protestants are so ready to adopt Catholic methods and in-voke the aid of the civil power to advance their interests. REV. THOMAS DIXON, JR.5  pastor of the Twenty-third Street Baptist Church; of this city, is credited with the .following sensible utterance concerning the Sunday paper :Š In my humble opinion the Sunday newspaper has come to stay. It is useless to rave and talk wild  talk on this subject. You cannot destroy it. It has a mission. Why not cease our efforts to de-stroy, and seek to convert it and make its great cylinders to. throb with the great truth of the living God, and send its messages of love and faith circling round the world ? The Sunday newspaper is no rival, of the pulpit. To be candid, I would rather, myself, read a live newspaper than listen to a dead man try to preach. The preacher who cannot hold his own against cold type is not called to preach, and the sooner he quits trying to preach, the better for him and the better for the cause he represents. The only answer that can be given to Mr. Dixon's query is that the gospel which the Sunday-law advocates proclaim is not one which seeks to convert, but one which seeks to compel; it is not a gospel of moral suasion but of physical force. Mr. Dixon's would be the better plan, but it can never be popular with those who having departed from the spirit of the gospel have imbibed the spirit of the In-quisition. UPON the action of the late Presby-terian General Assembly upon the subject of religion and education, the Sun point-edly remarks :Š The Presbyterians want religious in-struction in our public schools. But how can we have it in this repub-lic, where the Church and the State are wholly separate ? What religion shall we teach ? Shall it be Christianity or Bud-dhism, Judaism or the doctrines taught by Jesus ? The Presbyterians assail the Roman Church as the enemy of the school sys-tem; and yet they are joining forces with it in demanding religious education as a necessary part of the public - school sys-tem. THE Pacific Union, a California labor paper, has the following :Š When Mr. Gompers was asked what would be wanted after the eight-hour day, he answered, " More." And then what ? More." But how much more, Mr. Gompers ? " Why, not one iota less than the full fruit of his toil. Put that on your banner." Mr. Gompers does not say who will employ labor under such conditions, nor where the capital is to come from to in-augurate, and to support in their infancy the various enterprises that are b return to the laborer the full fruit of his toil. Such a demand, if general, would bring starvation to hundreds of thousands of homes, that under our present industrial system know no want. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York 