JANUARY 3, 1895. A-IDIMaIC..4k1V SMINTrifILIVMILA. nation" for the everlasting benefit of mankind, it will be an easy conclusion that those who would oppose it will thereby show themselves the enemies of the human race, and whom, in the inter-ests of the race, it will be doing God serv-ice to put out of the world. And thus it will come true indeed that not only what the papacy has done in the past for other nations she will now do for the United States, but also what she has done with individuals who opposed her schemes in the past site will do with those who oppose her schemes now. For we expect nothing else than that this grand scheme of the papacy for the United States and for the world, will suc-ceed both in the United States and in the world. In fact we know that it will suc-ceed; and we never expect to say anything else. This may not be believed by very many people; but it will surely be seen whether it is believed by many or not. We never expected anything else than that the National Reform movement would succeed in its design of having the Na-tional Government committed to the sup-port of "Christianity," and especially of Sunday as the badge of that "Christian-ity." We always said that that movement would succeed; very few of the people believed it, however. Now everybody can see that we were right all the time, whether they believe we knew anything about it or not. We also said all the time that when that movement did succeed, by it the papacy would be exalted and given power in this nation and greater influence with the world than even in the Dark Ages, as there is more of the world now than there was in the times of the Dark Ages. None of this, however, would any of the National Reformers believe; but now they are compelled to see and bemoan the first part of it at least, and we know that all the rest of it will as certainly be seen. Yes, the scheme of the papacy for the United States and for the world, substan-tially as mapped out by Leo XIII., will be a complete success so far as the world is concerned. And by this success, for an hour as it were, the papacy will triumph over the world. And thenŠthen " in one hour" shall her judgment come. This triumph of the papacy over the world, will mark her certain destruction out of the world and from the face of the earth. This apparent triumph of the papacy will mark the assured triumph of Christianity over the papacy for evermore. And now, just as we expected the Na-tional Reform movement to succeed, so we expect this movement of the papacy to succeed. Just as we expected the suc-cess of the National Reform movement to assure the renewed exaltation and short-lived triumph of the papacy, so we now expect this renewed exaltation and short-lived triumph of the papacy to mark the day of her utter destruction. And as we always expected that we ourselves should see the success of the National Reform movement, and so to see it give .renewed power to the papacy, so now we expect that we ourselves shall see the success of this papal movement and in it the appar-ent triumph of the papacy once more over the world, and then her swift and ever-lasting destruction. This we expect to see as certainly as we shall live the nat-ural course of a man's life. In saying this we do not say that we shall see it in seven years nor in ten years, as we have seen the other Ł we do not pretend to say in  what year nor in what number of years we shall see it. We only say that we certainly expect to see it. And as we have certainly seen the other, as we expected, surely we have ground for confidently expecting to see this which is now on the wa Ity. was upon the authority of the Script- ures that we knew the other was certainly coming; and it is upon the authority of the Scriptures that we now know that this is certainly coming. It was by the scripture of Rev. 13 : 11-17, saying that they would make "an image to the beast," that we knew that the National Reform movement would certainly suc-ceed, and we always said so. And now it is on the authority of the scriptures of Rev. 13: 8; Dan. 7 : 21, 22; and Rev. 18:7, that we know that the papal movement, mapped out by Leo XIII., will certainly succeed. And it is upon the authority of Rev. 18, and many other passages of scripture, that we certainly know that this success of the papacy will be her utter perdition. There, in Rev. 18, is pointed out the time when "all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath" of the fornication of "Babylon the great, the mother of har-lots, and abominations of the earth;" when she is glorifying herself and living deliciously; and when the kings of the earth are committing fornication and living deliciously with her; and when, because of this, she congratulates herself and " saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow." And then, the very next word, without a break, is: " Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire, for strong is the Lord God that judgeth her." The reader can read the whole chapter and the nineteenth too, and know the whole story for himself. We always called upon the people to sep-arate entirely from all connection or sym-pathy with the National Reform move-ment, in order, not only that they might be clear of the evil thing itself, but that they might be on ground from which they could consistently, and with all their might, oppose the other evils which were certain to follow the success of this. And now, we say to all people, Separate utterly from all that is in any way connected with either the National Reform combination or with the papacy, in order that when "the beast and his image," "Babylon the great," both mother and daughters, sink in everlasting perdition by the just judg-ment of the Lord, you may rise in the triumph of the everlasting salvation of the righteous power of God. And as the scheme of Rome embraces the world and all that is of the world, this simply calls for the complete separation from the world and from all that is in the world or of the worldŠseparated unto God in an everlast-ing covenant that shall not be forgotten, and by the power of an endless life. The AMERICAN SENTINEL has always had a mission in the world and a message for the world; and it has this yet. Our message is briefly comprehended in " the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters. . . . Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because  she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication. . . . If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God." " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities." As for seven years we ceased not to call attention to the workings, and expose the evils both present and prospective, of the National Reform movement; so now, for the rest of the time, we shall not cease to call attention to the workings, and expose the iniquity, of this last grand papal movement. - Ł Ł The W. C. T. U. and the Sunday Law Crusade. THE following report of the " Sabbath Observance" department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, made by Mrs. J. C. Bateham at the national con-vention, held at Cleveland, Ohio, Nov. 17, will narrate the zeal and success with which the union has pushed its Sunday law crusade and its enthusiastic hopes for the future:Š The Sabbath Observance report to the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, in convention at Cleveland, Ohio, to-day [Nov. 17], was presented by Mrs. J. C. Bateham, of Williamsburg, Ky., na tional superintendent. She said: " This being the decennium of this department, we ask what has been accomplished. Ten years ago camp meetings with Sunday excursions, gate fees and sales attached, were common: now they are almost un-known. This was the first evil combated. Then ministers used Sunday trains freely; now they rarely defend it or use them to save week-day time. Sunday funerals, then common, are now uncommon. "When we first assailed the Sunday newspaper, that arch enemy of the Sabbath, nearly every one, ministers included, said: 'Let it alone; it has come to stay; use it, not abuse it ; ' now the Christian press and pulpit are against it, and it defends its low char-acter by saying the best people do not patronize it, and it is forced to cater to the baser element. We be-lieve it will erelong be banished from Christian homes. "Over thirty-five thousand people have signed our Sab-bath observance pledge against Sunday travel and excur-sions, unnecessary labor, the Sunday newspaper, Sun-day purchases, and use of post-offices, and in favor of proper legislation. "For years we were the only national organization for defense of the rest day; now we count .a strong ally in the branches of the American Sabbath Union, and we count it no small thing to have secured the cooperation of all Sabbath associations in recommend-ing the first week of April for special prayer, sermons, and work for the Sabbath. " We were pioneers in the systematic effort to edu-cate and raise the national public sentiment by means of leaflets, and to-day doubtless publish and circulate more than any other organization. Without a dollar of capital, and with but eight hundred dollars given by the national union in ten years, not enough to cover postage, we have sent out nearly nine million pages. We have over one thousand four hundred superin-tendents, who, with all white ribboners, are rapidly molding sentiment. " Places of business, including saloons, have been closed in vast numbers, and baseball and other forms of desecration suppressed. The ministry, once so apa-thetic, now give, at our request, thousands of sermons yearly, and many Sabbath-schools give special instruc-tion. " Our fundamental work of education has been pushed nearly as much by petition as leaflets. Few were at first willing to circulate or sign, deeming it useless, yet the mightiest impulse ever given to Sab-bath reform was when we confronted Congress in '88 with a petition for a Sunday rest law representing ten millions of people. It accomplished far more than we had dared hope, for it brought the reform into the forefront of public interest, from which it has never since dropped. "We were first to point the danger of an open World's Fair and circulate petitions against it, and through the long campaign, though less was said of it, no organization worked more untiringly by letters, telegrams, memorials, and petitions to all parties con-cerned; and while we mourn that through an acci-dental decision the moral effect of closed gates was 