8 AMERICAN SENTINEL. UNLESS the State of Utah recalls Congressman Rob-erts, polygamist, from the seat which it has given him, in the National Legislature, a difficult as well as inter-esting problem will devolve upon the hands of the na-tional authorities. Public sentiment loudly demands that he be debarred from Congress, but in what legal and constitutional way this can be done by Congress it-self does not appear. The question of the personal fit-ness of a candidate for Congress is one left entirely to the people by whose votes he is chosen. The spectacle of the National Government disputing with a "sovereign S tate" over such a question, is a contingency which the framers of the Constitution did not contemplate, and for which that instrument does not provide. It was not supposed that any State would send to Congress as its represen-tative any person whose coming would give a shock to the moral sense of the country at large. * * BUT this contingency has arisen, and in it there is a most important lesson for the American people. By it their attention is again called to an evil which more than any other threatens the welfare of the nation. That evil is not polygamy,Šnot but that polygamy is an evil, and a very great evil; but the greater evil in the case is that of the union of church and state, of which the Mormon system is the embodiment. Utah was taken into the Union when the people of the territory pledged themselves to renounce polygamy; but Utah ought not to have been taken in until its people had pledged them-selves to renounce the union of church and state. If the Mormons had renounced this, the problem of dealing with a polygamous congressman would not now be upon the hands of the American people. * POLYGAMY in Utah is a religious institution. It owes its appearance in politics solely to the fact that the Mormon Church is in politics; or, what is the same thing, that the members of the Mormon church are in politics, not forgetting their religious belief when they cast their votes. If religion in Utah had been kept out of politics, the institution of polygamy would never have found its way to a seat in the law-making assembly of the nation. It would have remained to be dealt with by the laws of Utah, or of any other state in which it might make its appearance. The purity-loving men and women of the nation would not to-day be engaged in the task of circu- lating. petitions and devising means for expelling the monstrosity of polygamy from Congress, under a press-ing sense of obligation to maintain the honor and dig-nity of the nation. * THE lesson in this situation for the American people is that religion and politics should be kept separate. If they fail to see this lesson in it, they will miss the vital point of the whole matter; they will fail to give the evil an effective remedy. They may send Congressman Rob-erts back to Utah and seat an enemy of polygamy in his place; but the way will still remain open for some other religious institution just as dangerous and objectionable as polygamy,, to get into the seat of national legislation. Polygamy is not by any means the only religious insti-tution which aspires to a seat in Congress, where it would work incalculable harm to the reputation and constitu-tion of the Government, and Mormons are not the only ones who do not forget their religion when they cast their votes. The papacy, for example, embodies a union of church and state as complete as-that of Mormonism, and many times more dangerous to free government, be-cause of its subtlety, wisdom, and strength. And there are other powerful churches in the United States which have shown that they are as ready to use political power for religious ends as are the Mormon or papal churches. The only absolute safety lies in keeping religion out of politics, and this can be done only by religious people keeping themselves out of politics, in harmony with their profession as followers of Him whose kingdom is not of this world. * ARCHBISHOP IRELAND, it is announced, will represent the United States at the czar's coming peace congress. A New York paper states that "Ever since his induction into office the President has been anxious to testify his appreciation of Archbishop Ireland's Republicanism, which took the form of strong interviews and speeches made during the campaign of 1896." Now the oppor-tunity has come for him to do this, by making him the national representative at this extraordinary interna-tional gathering. * * * THAT this papal prelate took an active part in the political campaign of '96, on the Republican side, is well known; and doubtless he did much to put the Presi-dent's party under obligation to himself. That is what papal prelates, and prelates of other churches also, go into politics for. They expect to reap a substantial ad-vantage from it for the religious organization which they represent. * * * IF this appointment is made, it will be an honor paid by this Government to the Catholic Church. There is nothing far-fetched about this conclusion; the truth of 