A_MERICAN SENTINEL. 261 had to wait. When we had become still enough,Šwhen we had come to realize that vain is the help of man,Š there came to some of us what we could but recognize as a revelation from God, in the light of which we saw that this great evil had its root in ignorance, and could only be killed by a process of crowding in theknowledge of the truth. The man who sold the drinks; the one whose money was invested in the saloon; the politician who used it for his own selfish promotion to place and power; the poor victim who fed it with his own body and soul, his home, his wife and children; all were in it through ignorance and unbelief. If they could come to know God and his truth as we women knew him, they could never stay as they were; the bartender must stop filling glasses and fly from his business; the brewer and distiller must cease to manufacture; the capitalist to invest his money in it; the aspirant for public honors must become afraid of power and position obtained by such means; and the victim who had become reckless because he was hopeless, must see that there way deliverance for him from the bondage of appetite. It was plain that we could not at once close up the saloons. We had before us a life-long educational pro-cess in principles and truths; we must more thoroughly organize for the purpose of as rapid work as possible, for the need was great enough to excuse the most urgent haste; but the task was so delicate in its nature that haste would be fatal. It was the King's business, and required haste according to the King's calendar; but it was also husbandry of a sort that could not bring a har-vest in a day. At first our hearts had been filled with indignation at the sorrows inflicted upon the women and little children because of the drunken men with whom they had to live; but we had come later on to see that the drunkard was himself a sufferer second to none. His was the agony of a soul who could but feel and see his own degradation and that to which he was dragging his loved ones, and was yet powerless to save himself or them, and we were aroused to the profoundest pity for him, and to most earnest consideration of methods for his deliverance. Out of the efforts to bring all of these various classes of men to see the truth as God had revealed it to us in his Word, and to inspire the despairing with a hope of salvation, there was organized the Evangelistic Depart-ment of the W. C. T. U. The "gospel meeting" came to be a regular institu-tion wherever there was a Union, and women who had never before been able to do anything more public than to teach a Sunday school class, led these meetings, giv-ing the plain gospel message that Christ came to save sinners, of any and all classes; that drunkards, saloon keepers, capitalists, and politicians could never be any worse than sinners, and that therefore the invitation "Whosoever will, may come," was to them. In those days were fulfilled in a remarkable manner the words of Christ when he bade his disciples to go to  the lost sheep, into the highways and hedges and "as ye. go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand." Our women with their Bibles in their hands went from morning until night, for weeks and months and years-(many are still going), into all haunts, of vice and pov-erty, looking after those who were considered lost; hold-ing daily meetings in all' manner of places, railway sta-tions, prisons, cottages, churches, and in market places, wherever they could find a listening ear, preaching Christ and his uttermost salvation. No compromise with evil can be in the interests of Christianity. Romanism As It Is. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. IT may be asked, How is it that the Protestants are-so easily deceived by the Roman Catholic astuteness?' The answer is simple. FirstŠBecause the majority of Protestants have abandoned the use of the weaponsŁ  stored in the celestial armory, the only legitimate arms allowed by God to bring people to the knowledge of the glorious gospel truth; and have resorted to methods of Roman origin, employed by them in the Middle Ages; viz., prison, force, and human laws, to make people Chris-tians; thus acknowledging that their preaching is inef-fectual and powerless to uplift fallen man. Thus imme-diately that Protestantisna stoops to such means to con-vert people from the error of their ways, she becomes papal in everything but the name. SecondŠProtest-ants are deceived by the hypocritical workings of the-mystery of iniquity. In the United States there exists no nominal connec-tion between the church and state; there Catholic prelates,  pose as the fathers of religious liberty; and by rhetorical dissertations and discourses upon the tolerant spirit of the "mother" church; and their denial of the massacres, dark crimes, inquisitorial dramas and persecutions, as-cribed to them, they throw dust into the eyes of the "lib-eral" Protestants, who are as anxious as the Catholics, to narrow the breach which has hitherto separated them. But would the Protestant carefully study the pages of history, in an impartial manner, he will find that the ter-rible crimes committed by Rome, in the name of religion, have been glossed over and underrated by historians, and not exaggerated as Catholics would have us believe. And yet in the face of these historical facts, Protestants will allow themselves to be duped by papish falsehoods; forgetting that one of the principal doctrines of Rome is,.  The end justifies the means. But why look back so far? for we see incidents trans-piring daily which clearly demonstrate the intolerant spirit that saturates the entire Catholic system. In the United States and England, both of which are Protest- 