THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 85 ecy, they see no relation to the Father taking his power to himself; no relation to the sounding of the seventh trumpet, to the judgment of the dead, or the time of giving reward to the prophets. It is their reckless method of quoting Scripture that leads them into their grievous errors; and that is the source of most of the re-ligious errors and schisms of the day. In what sense may it be said that the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ takes to himself his power ? In what sense do the kingdoms become his under the seventh trumpet ? To determine this ques-film we must inquire into the origin and examine the changes of earthly dominion. It is not a doctrine of the Bible, nor of the Church, that God is directly the Crea-tor of every man. He created man the father of the race, and established the laws of generation, by which the race is multi-plied and perpetuated. And, though men become sinners, even desperately wicked, their lives must be respected because life is the highest gift of the Creator. In like manner God established a dominion of man upon the earth in the beginning; and though the dominion has passed into the hands of the wicked, " the powers that be" must be honored, out of respect for their originŠfor the ordinance of God. " And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth." Gen. 1: 26. Hero is the origin. But where is the succession ? We can not imagine that God ever resigned to anybody the right to our proprietorship of the earth. Only a certain extent of power, a limited do- ' minion was conferred upon man. But Adam did not long retain his rule. Be-guiled by Satan, he turned away from his Creator and benefactor, took another for his master and threw away his life. All other blessings, all privileges and rights are comprised in this. When Adam lost his life he had no more to lose. His dominion had passed away. Now the question arises, Did Adam, by his sin, by his transfer of allegiance, resign his dominion to Satan ? The Scrip-tures show that he did. God did not take it back to himself, but put it under a curse. Christ calls Satan "the prince of this world ;" Paul styles him " The god of this world;" and John said, " The whole world lieth in the evil one." (Rev. Ver.) Most de-cisive of all is the evidence afforded by the temptation of Christ. When Satan showed him all the kingdoms of the world, he said, " All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them, for that is delivered unto me ; and to whomsoever I will, I give it. Luke 4 : 6. Jesus had undertaken to destroy the works of the devil; to redeem man and his inheritance from the curse. Eph. 1: 13, 14 ; Ps. 37 :11. To accomplish this object he knew he must lay down his life. But Satan tempts him to take the domin- ion which Adam lost, without passing through death. The honor and wealth of this world have been the bait with which he has lured the sons of Adam to destruc-tion. When Christ took " upon him the seed of Abraham "Šthe nature of Adam, ŠSatan thought to overthrow him by the same means. It is generally considered that Satan's words were false; that it was not in his power to bestow the kingdoms and glory of this world. But, if not, how is he the prince and god of this world ? how is it that the world lieth in the evil one ? and why is it that to love the world., and the things of the world, is to be the enemy of God ? But if Satan's words were false; if he had not become possessed of the do-minion given to Adam, the Saviour cer-tainly knew it, he then knew it was a false pretense. How, then, was it a tempta-tion ? Surely there can be no temptation in a promise which we know is impossible of fulfillment. In this, and in this only, can we find a solution of Rev. 11 :17. This is the rule which the Lord God Almighty takes back to himself ; this is the power which he rescues from the great usurper, and confers upon " the second Adam." Then Satan is bound, and Christ redeems the inheritance and bestows it upon his faithful ones. But what do the National Reformers propose to do ? They propose to take this work into their own hands; to vote the power out of the hands of Satan, and to vote Christ into his kingdom. And anything else? Ah, yes; to vote to themselves all the honor, the power, and the glory of the kingdom, and to dis-franchise all who will not acknowledge their right ! Never was a greater effort made to turn sacred things into a farce. But, to the minority, the farce will end in a tragedy. All the Scriptures show that the history of this present world will end in war and carnage. The kingdoms of this world are the enemies which the Father will give to the Son. See again Ps. 2 : 7-9; 110 : 1 ; Heb. 1 : 13 ; 10 :12, 13. When the king-doms are given to Christ, the nations are angry, and the wrath of God is upon them. Rev. 11:14, 15, 18. When the God of heaven sets up a kingdomŠwhich setting up consists in conferring the do-minion upon his Son, and thus restoring the throne of DavidŠ" it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever." Dan. 2:44. The same is shown in Jer. 25, where " all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth," are caused to drink the wine cup of God's fury. We know that this refers to the consumma-tion, because it is said they shall drink, " and fall, and rise no more." All the kingdoms of this world shall be utterly destroyed, for they are all the enemies of the pure gospel and reign of Christ. And the same is found in Rev. 15 and 16, where the plagues of God's wrath are poured  upon the kings and nations of the earth, which are gathered " to the battle of that great day of God Almighty." The conclusions of the National Reform-ers are based upon wrong interpretations and misapplications of the prophecies, which amount to perversion of the Scrip-tures. But their theories are pleasing to the ambition of bigoted professors, who find it more congenial to their spirits to forcibly compel their neighbors to conform to their opinions, than to conform them-selves to the gospel of peace, and use only " the sword of the Spirit which is the word of God." Individual Service to God. THERE are many who seem to believe that the keeping of the Sabbath is not simply an individual obligation. They seem to think a man is unable to meet the requirements of the fourth commandment of God's law unless his neighbor assists him to keep the Sabbath, by himself re-fraining from all unnecessary work on that day. The great plea made for the enforcement of Sunday laws is that those who desire to keep that day holy are hindered from so doing by the unnecessary work done by those who do not regard the day as the Sabbath. But this claim is not true in the least degree; because if it were true, God would be unjust in his requirements; God re-quires a man to keep the Sabbath holy unto him. The command, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," means much more than simply refraining from secular employment on that day. The cessation of labor is only the outward sign of an inward regard for the holy ordinance of the Sabbath day. Now if the Sabbath can not be kept holy by one man while his neighbor disregards its sacredness, and profanes the holy day by following his ordinary vocation, and at the same time God does require a man to keep it holy; does not God require of a man a thing he can not do unless his neighbor assists him by himself refraining from labor on that day ? If God did re-quire such a thing of a man without guaranteeing to him that his neighbor would do his part by refraining from work on that day, the Almighty would be requiring that which is unjust. On the other hand, if God had made provision that he who has no regard for the Sabbath should be compelled to conform to an out-.  ward observance of that day that he who does reverence the day might be able to keep it holy, then God would compel an outward conformity to his requirement, without inward reverence for the day. Such a thing God never does, it is not his character to coerce; and those who would circumscribe the freedom of others, do not work the works of God. The Almighty is not unjust. " Justice and judgment are the habitation of his 