404 AMERICAN SENTINEL. engaged in this work substantially the same question was presented to them. And they answered it as unmistaka-bly as did the others, and declared in words, and as far as actions could go on the occasion, exactly what the others declared. It came about on this wise. And, by the way, this assembly was the 110th General Assembly of the Presby-terian Church of the United States. In the discussion of what could be done and what could not the done accord-ing to their ideas of Sabbath observance, they naturally came to the point as to what the President of the United States should be allowed to do and what be should not be allowed to do. It was proposed that he use the army and navy as little as possible on Sunday. But, lo and behold, the exclamation went up in a moment, "If Dewey had not struck the blow in Manila BayŠand I claim it was a holy actŠhe might never have --" That was enough; the conclusion was lost in a burst of applause by the assembled ministers. Some one exclaimed, "We as a church have every confidence in the President's abil-ity to direct the armed force of the nation," and "an-other volley of cheers and applause shook the audito-rium." A spectator declared that "it was just as signifi-cant as though a formal vote had been taken on the President's war policy." And it was. But later they "most earnestly recommended to the directors of the Trans-Mississippi Exposition to be opened at Omaha June 1, immediately to decide that its doors shall not be opened to the public on the Lord's day." If these actions mean anything, they mean that the Presbyterian Assembly looks upon the destruction of 400 lives on Sunday as a "holy act," but that they can-not bear such desecration as an exhibition on that day of the fruits of peace and industry. This need not be re-garded as a strange thing. There is an affinity between even the slightest enforcement of religious ideas and the taking of life. The spirit which inspires the one is the inspiration of all the other steps in the career of intoler ance. And every step in that career is animated by the father of lies who "was a murderer from the beginning." It is therefore not remarkable that the first and last steps are avowed at one and the same time. No result of the present war could be so disastrous to America as a relapse on our part from this Christian temper of cosmopolitan love, to an insular and barbar-ous hatred of other nations. Interruption of commerce, loss of property, the sacrifice of some, or even of many, lives, would not be so deplorable; for no one of these, nor all of them combined, could turn back or materially retard that majestic march of civilization in whose van we have been grandly holding our place for more than a century. But if our hearts should be hardened toward men beyond our own borders, if our sympathies should be chilled and our respect turned into suspicion and enmity, we should suffer a loss in our national character that it would require several generations and incalculable  efforts to repair. "Confidence is a plant of slow growth," even between individuals; proportionately more so be-tween communities and nations. And impairment of national, like personal character, is inestimably more serious than of national wealth or even of national do-main.ŠTeunis S. Hamlin, D. D. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. Im is not possible for me to give the chronological order in which the departments of the W. C. T. U. work developed. All I can do is to present them in what might be called their logical order. We had not been long at work for the children until we discovered the ignorant mother and needy home, in which the profligate, careless or absorbed father was an important factor; and this led out to many other dis-coveries which filled our hearts with a great longing after all the powers with which it is possible for the Spirit of God to equip a human being for service. The Department of Work among Mothers was made one of the first subdivisions of the Evangelistic Depart-men,t, and nowhere have we been made to realize in a greater degree than here the force of this evil against which we have dared to array ourselves; for one woman who was intimately associated with the work of this de-partment, while still in active service, was compelled to live through the arraignment, trial and execution of her son for one of the most terrible crimes in history, and is lingering out the life of a heart broken mother, while her sisters who knew and loved her, are continually sending after her in the seclusion from which she never comes, Ł tender thoughts and prayers that all of comfort that can possibly be administered to her from the Holy Spirit of God may be granted until the end. The principle that is at the foundation of our work among mothers, is that of the right of God in every human being, as stated by David in Ps. 127:3: "Children are the heritage of the Lord, and the fruit of the womb is his reward." In connection with this we have taken the statement of Paul in 1 Cor. 3:9, that "we are laborers to-gether with God." In these words of divine authority we have all these years found our inspiration and consola-tion, for we are sure that the blessing of God must follow--every effort that we make to preserve his heritage and to assure his reward to him; and that since he has chosen to be our fellow-laborer, he will be at least as faithful in doing his part as we can be in doing ours. We have been a long time in getting down to the meaning of that "working together with God," but some of us saw years ago that it covered a vast range, touch-ing not only the drink question, but that of food f0;  ody and soul and all habits of thought and action, dress re-form, and every point of education; a field so wide that the only possible provision for it must be found in the whole Gospel for the whole man. 