JANUARY 16, 1896. AMIIEIELICA.N SIENTIINTIELA 23 truths of the Bible that the seventh day is the Chris-tian Sabbath and should be kept instead of the first day? And upon whom do you think it would sooner be enforced than upon those who deduce from the Scriptures unanswerable arguments that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and who have courage and reli-gion enough to live out their convictions. A mistaken religious zeal leads to cruel deeds. Trusting, Sir, that your excellency will have patience with this protest, and assuring you that I remember the exhortation to " pray for kings, and for those in authority," I am, with greatest respect, Your obedient servant, E. W. WEBSTER. The following is his excellency's reply:Š Government House, Trinidad, November 9, 1895, Dear Sir, I am directed by his excellency the governor to ac-knowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th inst., inclosing a pamphlet entitled " The Sabbath Question in the Dominion Parliament." His excellency has been very much interested in the perusal of your letter, and of the publication you in-closed; and I am to thank you for your views on this important question. Believe me, Sir, Your obedient servant. , P. Sec. E. W. Webster, Esq. We promise the readers of the SENTINEL that they shall hear of the final action of the Council. Ł ARRESTED FOR SUNDAY WORK. A CORRESPONDENT in Indiana writes as follows:Š William Bailey, an employ-6 at the C. & E. railroad shops at Huntington, Ind., owns a house and lot at a small place called Brown's Corner, about seven miles from Huntington. The kitchen roof leaking, the rainy weather made it necessary to repair it at once. Being unable to get a day off, on Saturday, the 14th of December, he sent material for repairing the roof out to the Corner by his wife, and on Sunday went home and did the work. For this he was arrested and tried before Justice Scott Cole, at Huntington, and fined $1 and costs, amounting to 828.30. He refused to pay, and filed an appeal bond. Mr. Bailey is not a seventh day keeper. W. H. LErtOEL. The fact that Mr. Bailey is not a Sabbata-rian cuts very little figure in this case. The State has no right to require any man to keep Sunday or any other day; and to do so is persecution whether the victim observes an-other day or not. Ł +1. Ł AN OLD BUT VALUABLE BOOK. We are in receipt of a copy of a modern but faithful reproduction of the oldest his-torical literary and devotional work extant. This book contains an authentic account of the formation of this planet, of the origin of the human family, of the great convulsion of Nature which changed the face of the earth, formed our coal beds, and finally locked in the embrace of never-yeilding ice lands that originally basked under summer skies. From it we learn of the peopling of the earth, discover the origin of the various races of men, behold the rise of civilization and trace the course of empire as westward it takes its way. And last but not least its pages tell of a new heaven and a new earth one day to spring at the divine fiat from the ashes of this present evil world wherein shall dwell only righteousness. And yet the half has not been told; for this book tells the story of the cross, invites the sinner to repentance, offers pardon, and promises eternal life. The reader need not  be told that the work we refer to is the Holy Bible; no other book does all nor a tithe of that which we have here stated, and all other books do any of it only as they draw from this one Book of books. Grand Book ! Glo-rious mission! But this particular copy of the Bible con-tains features all of which are not found, in any copy of the Sacred Writings. It is self-pronouncing, all the proper names being divided into syllables with diacritical marking. Bound with it are copious helps consisting of illustrations, plates, maps, tables, index, concordance, etc., etc., making it one of the most, if not the most, complete teachers' Bible published. This Bible is made by the International Bible agency of this city, to the manager of which we are indebted for an ellegant copy, and who will cheerfully furnish further information upon application. Full particulars, prices, etc., will be furnished also by the Pacific Press Publishing Company, 43 Bond Street, New York. AM SURPRISED," Says Prof. E. A. Shell Presi-dent of the New Y tic State Normal School, Oswego, "that so much that is vale bl for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a price." Yes, The NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY and COMPLETE VEST-POCKET LIBRARY is full of happy surprises. It successfully combines in one small volume of vest-pocket size, A Dictionary of 45,500 words, A Complete Parliamentary Manual, (Based on Roberts' and Cushing's) A Literary Guide, etc. THE VEST-POCKET OR THE WRITING DESK - Simple, - - Handy, - - Just what everybody needs for every-day use, DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows,Š FINE SILK CLOTH, Red edges, - - 25 cents. MOROCCO, Gold edges, - - - 50 cents. EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Mem-orandum, Three - Years Calendar, Stamp Bolder, etc.. - Ł CO cents. All three styles are indexed. ŠADDRESS Š PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO, Ł 43 Bond St., New York City. The Shepherd King (Companion volume to "Good Shepherd.") A Book of Eighty-eight Pages, With Thirty-seven Pictures, Many of which are full-page,. Illustrating the most striking events in the life of David. The whole story is told in a most entertaining manner, and is highly instructive to the young and interesting to the old. Bound in Lithographic illuminated Covers, postpaid, 50e Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO, 43 Bond St., New York. BOOKS FOR THE CHILDREN,  WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find, They are proŁ fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner, The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home:Š LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - $1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size as " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really a companion volume to it, Price, post-paid, $ 1.00 A mother, than whom none can be more careful and p lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child ehould not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Both " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for - ----- Ł $1.7 The Good Shepherd The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong binding. This book, which is 8x104 inches and t  inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations add very much to its educational value Price, only 50 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY STORIES FliON THE UCTS OF THE grOSTLES (Companion volume to "Good Shepherd.") A book of SS pages, with 45 pictures, 22 of which are full-page, representing in a very instructive manner various scenes in the history of Peter, Paul, and others of the Apos-tles. The stories are arranged with special reference to tile little children, Bound in lithographic illuminated covers, postpaid, 50e PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 Been Sr., NEW YORK CITY Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. 