AUGUST' 22, 1895. A-10/11_1L-11,1. CAN-  SMIVT'INIBILA., 259 and power of man. Meanwhile the Sabbath of the LordŠthe seventh day, blessed and sanctified by Him and perfectly adapted to our human needs,Šremains fOr all mankind, a a day of blessing and delight to all who choose its observance, and a sign of their vital con-nection with the one true God, the Creator of heaven and earth. RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION IN CANADA. Darrell, Ont., Aug. 14, 1895. AMERICAN SENTINEL: On August 7, John Mathews, of Selton, Ontario, a Seventh-day Adventist, was summoned to appear before Magistrate Watson, of Ridgetown, Ontario, at 2:30 P. M., Aug. 10, 1895, to answer for the crime of cutting hay on the 7th of July, A. D. 1895, and building a fence, etc., on the 4th - of August, A. D. 1895. 'As the 10th of August would occur on the Sabbath day, Mr. Mathews left his work on the farm, five miles from Ridgetown, and visited the magistrate. He declined to appear on that day as it would be an open violation of the fourth commandment. It was arranged that he should appear on the 12th of August. Nevertheless the case was called Saturday afternoon, with two justices on the bench, and John Mathews' name was called twice. He was 'at that hour engaged in worship with others of like' faith, some twenty miles from Ridgetown. The justice then is-sued a warrant with instruction to bring him by force to court on Tuesday, the 13th of August, at 2 o'clock, P. M. When the case was called yesterday, the crowd was so great that the magistrate's office was too small, and the court adjourned to the old township hall. The large room was soon filled, and great interest was taken in every-thing said and done during the trial. Four witnesses were called. One swore that he was not nearer to Mr. Mathews than forty or fifty rods, still he could see him plain enough, He also swore that he stood at his gate at sundown and saw Mr. Mathews raking hay. This gate is over sixty rods from the said field, and between is a thick grove of maples. He felt disturbed, too. Mr.. Math-ews was called, and here I give his testimony just as. it was taken down in the court records:Š I am the defendant. I am a farmer. I was sum-moned the 7th of August. I am under arrest at the present time. I am charged with working on the Lord's day, July 7, 1895. I kept the day before, July 6, for the Lord's day, and on July 7, I was engaged in farm work. That was the first day of the week. That was not the Lord's day. Saturday comes on the Lord's 'day. How do you know that ? I know that by the old family Bible. Here the Bible, a large book, was produced and admitted as evidence. The question was referred to Elder A. 0. Burrill and he was told that if he wished he could make a plea in its defense. The prosecuting lawyer kept ob-jecting to any Bible proof. He said, "Let the statute settle which is the Lord's day." Mr. Mathews answered again :Š The.reason I did not appear on the summons, it was the Sabbath day. I was cutting hay on July 7, 1895, also raked hay on that day. I am not in partnership with Mr. Watt. I am hired by the year to Mr. WattŠrate, $180; be-gan working for him the 12th of September, 1894. This was a part of the work I was hired to do. I be-lieve it would be wrong to work bn Saturday, because the Bible tells us to keep it holy. I am a farmer; I work for my living. (Signed) JOHN MATHEWS. The case closed here. Mr. Watt objected to a conviction, on 'the ground that Mr. Mathews' act was not prohibited by the statute. Elder Burrill then made a ,strong plea for  the truth. As he closed his argument with an exhortation to the court to consider well what it was doing; that they were called upon to-day to do the same work as the rulers were in the days of our Saviour; that a sentence of conviction would be convicting anew the Lord Jesus, the silence in the large hall was almost painful. We knew that the truth had scored a great victory in Ontario. Justice Watson was greatly perplexed, but he had associated with him another magis-trate, who was satisfied that the law should be enforced. They both were exceedingly kind and considerate, and we believe made their decision as they thought according to the civil statute. Judgment as follows:Š Fine, $5; constable's fee, $5; witnesses' fees, $8; justice's fee, $2.65; total, $20.65. to be paid in ten days, or confinement in county jail at Chatham thirty days. Mr. Mathews immediately refused to pay the fine, and told them that they might as well take him to jail. The court said, "No; you have ten days, then they will be after you." So we have one of our brethren, charged with a crime, taken by criminal war-rant, tried by a criminal court and condemned to prison, left free for ten days to go where he chooses, and his prosecutorsŠpersecutors Šentertaining no fear but that he will be at his place of work ready to be offered when the tenth day comes. May God awaken the liberty-loving people of Ontario to a sense of the dangerous work they are just entering upon, and save this goodly land and its citizens from the disgrace and ignomy that now hangs like a pall over Tennessee and other States of that mighty Union. P. M. HowE. Ł 1- Ł CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP. BY IL E. GIDDINGS. Tim is the theme of the hour, because, to use the language of the movement itself, " Its officers and workers include representatives of all the churches and young people's societies," and plans were laid to have over one hundred thousand lectures delivered June 30, setting forth the objects of the " Christian Citizen-ship League," and exhorting all good people to enlist under its banner. Christian Citizenship is clearly defined in its own literature which is sent out freely to all ministers and workers. The president of the league, E. D. Wheel- ock, 153 La Salle Street, Chicago, says in the New Revival:Š The first league was organized in March, 1894. It has since been incorporated as a National League, and has organized auxiliary leagues in other cities in Illi-nois and other States. The widespread interest in the work has made ne-cessary the publication of an organ, the Christian Cit-izen, which includes among its editors and contribut-ors, Dr. Carlos Martyn, Francis E. Willard, L. L. D., Rev. Chas. H. Parkhurst, D. D., and Prof. Graham Taylor. . . . With a league in every county or city in the Union, every public evil can be overthrown. The cooperation of all Christian people is invoked to this end. " Christian " is a title which belongs to the follower of Christ, and signifies that be is like Christ. The association of such individuals forms the church. The work of the church is to enlighten the world. Its mission, in the words of Christ, is, " Go ye into all the world and preach the gos-pel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." Its field of operation is the moral and intel-ligent nature of man. " Come now, and let us reason together," " though your sins be as  scarlet, they shall be as white as snow." " If ye be willing and obedient." The weapons of its warfare are not carnal, but spiritual. The sword of the Spirit, the Word of God. Its power is that Holy Spirit of promise, to guide into all truth. "No man can come to me except the Father which bath sent me draw him." Its methods moral suasion. "Knowing the terror of the Lord we persuade men." The mission of the State is to maintain civil order in society. " That we may lead a quiet and peaceable life." The field in which the State has a right to operate is the relations between man and man, or the interests of the masses in common. Its power is by human consent. As stated in the Declaration of Independence, govern-ments derive " their just powers from the con-sent of the governed." The proper methods are the sword and mus-ket. "He beareth not the sword in vain." " He is a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil."  With such vastly different missions and widely diverging fields of operation, how can the elements of the Church and State, religion and civil power, or Christianity and civil cit-izenship, be blended to work in harmony to a common end? Here we have a plan given which is neither new or novel. " Christian Citizenship" has a special mes-sage to Christian men, and calls upon them to put their loyalty to Jesus Christ into their politics, to serve him at the caucus and pri-maries, and vote as he would have them vote." " It maintains that to promote righteousness and justice is the duty of every official, from the President down, and that not one of them has any right to do anything which Jesus Christ would not do in his place." " The Church manifestly should not, as an organization, go into politics, but the right-eousness taught by the church should reach to the caucus, primary, city hall, state house and capitol." "Neither the Church or young people's societies can, in their organized capacities, take political action; but every member of every church and society should be so well in-formed concerning public questions as to en-able him intelligently and persistently to oppose corrupt political rule. In these days, ignorance is a disgrace and apathy is treason." ŠChristian Citizenship Literature, New Re-vival, and Document No. .10. " It is not an attempt to bring the Church into politics, or to combine Church and State." ŠDocument No. 10. " The Christian Citizenship League," of Chicago, was favored, on May 26, by a speech from Joseph Cook, of Boston, which it warmly indorsed by its official organ, The Christian Citizen, of June, 1895. Mr. Cook said: "The power to dominate American polities lies in the hands of the five million American Christian voters, and that with the power is the equal responsibil-ity." By indorsement this is Christian Citi-zenship literature. These utterances briefly stated amount to this. The league does not believe in a union of Church and State, and the Church has no right as such to enter politics. But every member of each church and young people's religious society should be informed in the public evils of the State, and the righteousness taught by the Church, that they can become active in the political field purifying the State by infusing the righteousness of the Church through caucus and poles to city hall, state house and capitol. That the Church, with its five million voters, lipids the power to 