30. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. , the young wife's eyes faded out in tearsŠher silvery laugh changed to low, wailing sobs. Pale-faced Misery snatched the roses from her cheeks and planted in their stead her own pallid hue. Sir, how can I go on? At length the cruel law was appeased, and this inoffen-sive citizen (except that he had loved God and sought to obey him) was released from prison and dragged his weary feet to the happy home he had left a few short weeks before. He met his neighbors at the gate bearing a coffin. He asked no questions, his heart told him all, No, not all 1 He, knew notŠhe 'could never knowŠof her lonely hours, of her bitter tears, of the weary watching and waiting, of the ap-peals to God, that God for whom she had'suf-fered so much, for help in the hour of her ex-tremity, of baby's sickness and death. He could not know of these. But he went with them to the quiet country burial-place and saw beside the open grave a little mound with dirt freshly heaped upon it, and then he knew that God had taken both his heart's idols and he was left alone. His grief was too deep for tears. With staring eyes he saw them lower the body of his young wife into the grave. He heard the clods rattle upon the coffin, and it seemed as if they were falling upon his heart. The work was done and they left him with his dead, and then he threw himself down be-tween the graves with an arm across each lit-tle mound, and the tears came in torrents and kept his heart from breaking. And then he sobbed his broken farewell to his darlings and leftArkansas forever. Left it, sir, as hundreds of others are preparing to leave if this General Assembly fails to restore to them the protec-tion of their rights under the Constitution, na-tional and State. On next Monday, at Malvern, six as honest, good, and virpious citizens as live in Arkansas are to be tried as criminals for daring -to wor-ship God in accordance with the dictates of their own consciences; for exercising a right which this Government, under the Constitu-tion, has no power to abridge. Sir, I plead, in the name of justice, in the name of our re-publican institutions, in the name of these in-offensive, God-fearing, God-serving people, our fellow-citizens, and last, sir, in the name of Arkansas, I plead that this bill may pass, and this one foul blot be wiped from the es-cutcheon of our glorious commonwealth. The Christian Cynosure on National Reform. THE Christian Cynosure, it appears, has partially readŠvery partially indeedŠthe December number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and is thereby moved to make some comments upon it, its aim, and its work. As the Cyno-sure is itself an advocate of National Reform, some of its comments are worth a passing notice. Of the SENTINEL the Cynosure says:Š "Its one solo aim is to antagonize and re-sist those who would have our national Con-stitution amended by inserting the single word ' Christian' so as to distinguish between the 'free exercise' of the Christian religion, and the 'free exercise' of child-murder, po-lygamy, assassination, and whatever crimes are called religion. . . The sole object of the promoters [of the Religious Amendment]  being to prevent the Constitution from cover-ing crime." Although one of the editors of the Cynosure is a Vice-President of the National Reform Association, yet that paper has a very poor understanding of the National Reform move- ment, if it really supposes that the design of the Religious Amendment to the Constitution is the insertion of "the single word Christian." Perhaps we can enlighten the Cynosure some- what. We shall try. Therefore we would inform it that in the first National Convention for National Reform that was ever held, a memorial to Congress was adopted, asking for the adoption of measures by that body, for amending the Constitution of the United States. This memorial asked that the Pream-ble to the Constitution should be amended to read as followsŠthe amen dment in brackets:Š CHRISTIANITY THE TEST OF CITIZENSHIP. " We, the people of the United States, [humbly acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among the nations, his revealed will as the supreme law of the land, in order to con-stitute a Christian Government], and in order to form a more perfect union," etc. This of itself is a good deal more than the insertion of "the single word Christian;'" but this is not near all that they propose, not by a long way. This memorial continues:Š"And further, that such changes with re- spect to the oath of office, slavery, and all other matters, should be introduced into the body of the Constitution as may be necessary to give effect to the Amendment, in the Pre-amble." That is to say that the Constitution through-out shall be subjected to a revision so as to make it conform, and give effect, to this amended Ł Preamble. In other words, the whole Constitution shall be revised to suit the National Reformers. It is evident that Na-tional Reform involves a vast deal more than the insertion of "the single word ' Christian'" in the Constitution. If the Cynosure will read the November SENTINEL, 1886, it can get some idea of how much more. The Cynosure needs to be a good deal better acquainted with Na- tional Reform, before it undertakes to com- ment upon the opposition to that movement. Therefore read the SENTINEL, Mr. Editor, read the SENTINEL. Even though it were true that all that is intended by National Reform were the inser-tion of the single word " Christian," we should yet oppose it just as much as we do, so long as the effect of such insertion would be to give to Christians the sole right to citizenship and its privileges and immunities. We have as much regard for Christianity and the Chris-tian name as anybody has, but we do not believe that any set of men have the right to a monopoly of that name, nor under it the monopoly of all human right. But says the Cynosure, the insertion of this " single word " in the Constitution is " to distinguish between* the free exercise' of the Christian religion, and the ' free exercise' of child-murder, polygamy, assassination, and whatever crimes are called religion." In this expression the Cynosure shows as great desti-tution of a knowledge of the Constitution as  in the other it showed of National Reform. Does that paper mean seriously to assert that the Constitution of the United States guaran-tees the free exercise " of child-murder, po-lygamy, assassination," and other " crimes " as it guarantees the free exercise of religion ? Does the Cynosure know no distinction be-tween crime and religion ? if it does not, it is time that it understood that the National Constitution does know such distinction. It might be well also to inform .the Cynosure that there are now both State and -United States laws prohibiting child-murder, polyg-amy, assassination, and other crimes, and even misdemeanors. Therefore if its further statement be true, that the sole object of the promoters of the Religious Amendment is " to prevent the Constitution from covering crime," then the "sole -object" of the National Reformers is wholly purposeless; for when their "sole object" should be accomplished, they would have only what they now have. But to prevent the Constitution from cover-ing crime, is not the sole object of the promot-ers of the Religious Amendment. Their ob-ject is to so amend the Constitution that it shall recognize and define as crime, that which is not and cannot be crime. They want the Constitution so .amended that under it there shall be no distinction between sin and crime; but that all sins shall be crimes, and punish-able by the civil law. If it be admitted that all sin is crime, then we freely confess that the Cynosure is strictly correct in saying that the "sole object" of the promoters of National Reform " is to prevent the Constitution from covering crime." That is, their "sole object" is to so amend the United States Constitution, that under it the National Reformers may put themselves in the place of God to pass upon, to define, and to punish, sin. Then the Cynosure mentions Masonry and Mormonism, and says that these are " a sort of gentlemen whom Our AMERICAN SENTINEL seems to treat with silent respect, though sur-rounded by them." So far as Mormonism is concerned, any person who is a reader of the SENTINEL knows by these words that the Cynosure has not read it to any appreciable extent. As for Masonry, if there were on foot a movement to establish a Masonic hier-archy in this Government, as there is to es;  tablish a National Reform hierarchy; or if we should see in Masonry any such menace to civil and religious liberty, as there is in Na-tional Reform; then we should endeavor to ventilate such iniquity in Masonry, as we do now that in National Reform. But we do not propose to spend any of our time to so little purpose, as the Cynosure has spent all these years. Next, the Cynosure undertakes to tell ex-actly what the National Reformers want. That we may the more clearly set forth these wants we shall number them. 1. " We want- a Bible oath in our courts, and chaplains, and Thanksgivings such as we now have and have had from the first." That is to say, we want a religious amend-ment to the National Constitution, to give us what " we now have," and what we always " have had from the first ! " In other words, they want what they already have, and they 