698 AMERICAN SENTINEL. which shall promise the needed relief. History testifies that it must be so. THE campaign of Henry George, as the representative of Jeffersonian democracy, was by no means the least striking feature of the contest. His scathing denuncia-tion of the party "bosses" and specific charges of base veniality against well-known judges of the State courts, were in themselves extraordinary incidents.. But when we, consider them in connection with the extraordinary homage paid him, after his sudden death, by all classes of the people, they become still more significant. Do the people believe these charges to be true? If so, do they care anything about them? or have they ceased to feel any concern over visible corruption in the offices of public trust? If they do not believe them, why do they hold the man who so emphatically uttered them entitled to the homage of a hero-martyr? * * * IT may not be out of place in this connection to notice some of the statements which the heat of a cam-paign generally brings out, relative to the duty of voting. For instance, it was urged upon the readers of one of the leading city dailies that, "If you fail to vote, you betray your trust as a citizen." What one's "trust as a citizen" is, was not specified, though it may be presumed it was considered to be too well understood to need specifying. It will be generally admitted, no doubt, that the man who lives a life which contributes to the welfare of his fellow men, contributes his just proportion to the sup-port of the State, and by word and example contributes to the general peace and safety, and to the stability of good government, performs the part of a good citizen. But all this will be done by every true Christian, because he is such, irrespective of the question whether he is a voter or not. BUT the argument put forth by this newspaper, taken in connection with certain facts, suggests one or two queries which might properly be made in reply. In al-most immediate connection with it the statement was made that "the only issue [in the campaign] is between government by the people and government by dictators." This was said in view of the certainty that a great many votes would be cast for that which represented govern-ment by dictators. Now all those casting such votes were, by the argument in question, true to their trust as citizens. In other words, the fulfilment of their trust as citizens required that they should seek the overthrow of "government by the people," and the setting up of gov-ernment by a dictator ! It is only necessary to add that an argument which proves too muchproves nothing at all. * THE argument will have to be qualified so as to say  not only that "if you fail to vote," but if you fail to vote the right ticket, "you betray your trust as a citizen." This is really what the statement means. But this only brings us to the question, Which one is the right ticket? Where is the infallible gospel of political salvation, the ten-commandment code of political ethics? There are a great many tickets in the field, and each one claims to represent the cause of right and justice. And as only a small proportion of citizens support any one of them, it may be said upon the authority of this argument that the great majority of citizens are unfaithiul to their trust as such. But this, again, proves more than the political arguer is willing to admit. THERE is only one sure way of being always true to one's trust in every sphere of life, whether that of citizen-ship or any other; and that is to be always a genuine Christian. Being guided by a wisdom and a Spirit infi-nitely higher than those of fallen humanity, the Christian makes no mistake in the side which he espouses. He is found ever on the side which tends to the elevation of his fellow men, the side of peace, of justice, and of truth,Šwhether these be represented by any ticket in the politi-cal field or not. The Wickedness of Sunday Joy. " New York Sun." THE law under which a number of Harvard students were arrested for playing golf on Sunday reads as fol-lows : "Whoever is present at a game, sport, play, or public diversion, except a concert of sabred music or an entertainment given by a religious or charitable society, the proceeds of which, if any, are to be devoted exclu-sively to a religious or charitable purpose, upon the Lord's day, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding $5." It is clear from this that the supreme test of the impro-priety lies in thisŠif the culprit is enjoying himself, he is doing wrong; if he isn't, it is all right. An Inconsistent Lament. "Sabbath Recorder," November 1. THE Christian Endeavor societies of Illinois lately held a convention in Chicago. It represented thirty-four denominations, the "Disciples" leading, as to the number of societies represented. In the matter of resolutions the convention "lamented the vast amount of Sabbath dese-cration" in Illinois and elsewhere, and yet these same "Disciples" who formed so prominent a factor in the convention are untiring in teaching no-Sabbathism. It is their ever ready weapon against God's law and his Sabbath. Having thus done what they can to ignore God in the matter, they "resolve" to "lament" the dese-cration of Sunday! ! How wise and consistent ! 