16 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 4, isoo. WE print several some what lengthy articles this week, but the informa-tion they give is of more than usual importance. How to —make men Sabbath-keep-ers, is a problem many would-be reformers in this country are trying to solve by legislation and vigilance societies. Read the solution pre-sented on page 4 of this issue. JUST now Sunday laws do not seem to be very popular in England. Several London hair dressers were recently prosecuted under the old Sunday law of Charles II., and were fined by the magistrate one penny each without costs. THE year 1900 has been designated by the pope a year of jttbilee, in token of which it was ushered in by midnight masses in the Catholic churches. No doubt it will be a favorable year for the papacy, but we feel safe in predicting that it will be anything but a year of jubilee for the world. As most readers of the SENTINEL are probably aware, there is nothing to mark the first day of January as the time of the beginning of a new year, save that then the sun begins to rise daily higher in the heavensŠa fact which plainly shows the con-nection of this division of time with the pagan idolatry of sun worship. THE London Daily Mail, in a refer-ence to the ill fortune of the British arms in South Africa, mentions that "More than one correspondent traces our recent reverses to the fact that the engagements were begun by us on Sunday." But if this proves anything for the  British with regard to the rightful-ness of Sunday fighting, what does it prove for the Boers who won the victories? And besides, with the his-tory of the Spanish-American war fresh in mind, in which the English-speaking race won brilliant victories on Sunday, can the English com-manders be blamed for regarding Sunday as an opportune day for be-ginning a battle? "This shows," remarks an English exchange, "the folly of trying to prove a thing evil by certain results. The only standard of right and wrong is God's Word." THAT "expansion" has opened a wide field for the papacy, in which to conduct operations for strength-ening her hold on the United States, is one of the plainest facts that enter into the present outlook for, this country. The papacy is given the opportunity of presenting many claims upon the United States, the recognition of which by this Govern-ment must do much to strengthen her authority, and to establish a more intimate and cordial relation-ship between this country and the Vatican. And meanwhile the United States, by the action of its executive and judicial departments of govern-ment, is giving Rome every encour-agement to present all her claims with boldness. RECENTLY an examination of cig-arettes was made by a sanitary com-mission in London, to determine whether, they contained opium, phosphorus, mercury, arsenic, or other unsuspected poison which might account for the deadly results known to ftow the smoking of cig-arettes in many instances. The result of the investigation, as an-nounced by The Lancet, was that the cigarettes were exonerated as giving no fair ground for "an alle-gation of the presence of a substance producing injury to health." And yet there is scarcely a more deadly poison known than oil of nicotine, which is produced wholly from tobacco, of which all cigarettes are  composed. Strange that the sani-. tary experts did not think of hunt-ing for this poison. Tut idea that the kingdom of God is to be set up on the earth through the agency of earthly governments, is a strange as well as a dangerous delusion. Several portions of Script-ure speak very plainly upon this point. One is the prophecy of Daniel 2, in which a stone (the kingdom of God) smites the great image (earthly kingdoms) upon the feet and sweeps the whole image away like chaff, and becomes in its place a mountain fill-ing the whole earth. Another is the prophecy of Revelation 19, which portrays the coming of Christ to the earth to set up his kingdom, and declares that at that time the kings of the earth and their armies will be gathered together to make war against him, and will be overcome and slain. The prophecy of Psalms 2 is equally plain: "Thou [Christ] shalt rule them [the heathen and uttermost parts of the earth] with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." A rude ending it is to the dream of world-wide peace and righteousness to be established by the "benevolent assimilation" of the earth by the "Christian" nations; but it is what time is destined to bring forth, as certainly as that the Word of God is true. And as this is the truth, to entertain the other and more popu-lar view is to follow a delusion which leads only toward destruction. BY the seizure of several flour-laden ships whose cargoes were thought to be, destined for' the Transvaal, on the ground that food stuff intended for one of two bellig-erents may be regarded by the other as "contraband of war," Great Britain has established a precedent which threatens no power so much as herself; since in a European war she would have to depend al most wholly upon America for sup-plies of food. 