11 80 THE AMERICAN St-idN'TINELd. Vol. 7, No. 10. Nuw YORK, MARCH 10, 1892. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE bill to authorize an appropriation of seventy thousand dollars a year to maintain the Metropolitan Museum of Art and keep it open on Sundays, has passed our State Senate. " It ought soon to become law," says the World, "and there is little doubt that it will." NEVER before were the advocates of re-ligious legislation so active or so aggres-sive as now. Both Congress and the sev-eral State Legislatures are being fairly deluged with petitions asking for legisla-tion of a religious character. The most of these petitions are concerning Sunday. -4.- As might have been expected, disestab-lishment of the Church of Wales has been defeated in Parliament. In that country the Established Church is greatly in the minority, but it has the advantage of be-ing entrenched in the law, and so by brute force, holds the whole country un-der tribute to it. However, with the elec-tion of a new Parliament, which can not be long delayed, disestablishment- may come. IN commenting upon the proposed Six-teenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, the Christian at Work says: "This amendment forbids any ap-propriation of public moneys to sectarian purposes. . . . Its adoption would at once solve the vexed public-school question in every State in the Union. It would also render the introduction or passage of such measures as the Freedom-of-Worship Bill impossible." THE Freedom-of-Worship Bill is a meas-ure now before the Legislature of New York which provides that no institution in this State shall receive any State aid unless it is free and open for any denomi-nation to hold religious services for the benefit of such inmates as desire the ser-vices of that particular sect. Of course the object of the bill is to secure the ad-mission of Romish priests to certain insti-tutions supported by the State, but under Protestant control so far as the religious instruction given is concerned. THE religious instruction now given in the institutions, which would be opened to  the priests by this Freedom-of-Worship Bill, is what is known as " unsectarian religious instruction." However, such re-ligious instruction is " unsectarian " only as to Protestants. From a Roman Cath-olic standpoint this so-called " unsecta-rian " instruction is intensely sectarian, for it is anti-papal. THE papal theory of religion is that all religions, 'except the Roman Catholic, are either entirely false or else insufficient for the moral uplifting of man, and for the salvation of the soul, and that the church, that is the Papal Church, is alone author-ized to teach religion. It follows that the teaching of any other religion is itself a denial of the doctrines and claims of Romanism ; in short, such religious instruc-tion is essentially Protestant; and in the very nature of the case it can not be other-wise. THE SENTINEL has not the least sym-pathy with the assumption, that Roman-ism is the only true religion, and that therefore all other religious instruction is insufficient; but it is the right of that church to so hold, and to so teach; and it is manifestly unjust to require Catholics to contribute to the support of schools, and other institutions, in which the falsity of the papal claim is taught. Protestants ought to deny the Roman_assumption; and as far as possible, by proper means fortify the minds of the rising generation against papal superstitions; but they ought to be at the expense themselves, and not ask the Catholics to help foot the bills. THE American State is, or at least pro-fesses to be, purely secular. This is the,  American theory of civil government, and it is the correct theory. The proposed Sixteenth Amendment is not, however, designed to correct such abuses as this; it provides, it is true, that no State shall " use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used for the purpose of founding, main-taining, or aiding, by appropriation, pay-ment for services, expenses or otherwise, any church, religious denomination or re-ligious society, or any institution, society or undertaking which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical con-trol ;" but the well-known views of the promoters of this measure forbid the hope that they intend anything .more than to cut off State appropriations to Roman Catholic institutions. As THE SENTINEL has previously re-marked, concerning this amendment, it might be so construed as to cut off all appropriations for religious purposes. The effect of the amendment, should it be adopted, will all depend upon the turn given to the terms, " sectarian " and " ecclesias-tical." As these terms are now used by many, the amendment would cut off all  State aid to Catholics but leave the doors wide open for the indirect support of that colorless thing called " unsectarian re-ligious instruction." A GOOD deal is being said by both press and pulpit on the subject of marriage and divorce, and the religious press especially is deploring the great increase in. the number of divorces granted. The remedy is supposed to be in the direction of a na-tional divorce law, or at least in the amendment of the divorce laws of the several States. But this never can correct the real difficulty. The fault is not in the laws but in the morals of the people. A change in the laws might make fewer di-vorces but it would not remove the im-morality which gives rise to divorces. It is well to have good marriage and divorce laws; it is better to have good morals. Legislatures can make the laws : individ-uals alone can cultivate the morals. A READER asks to be advised as to the propriety of signing the following pledge, which is being circulated very extensively at the instance of the Voice, of this city :Š We, the undersigned, being profoundly impressed with the aggressive power of the liquor traffic, and the overwehning evils, political, industrial, and moral, growing out of it, believe that a strong in-fluence would be exerted upon public sentiment and a long step taken toward the eradication of those evils if the enemies of the liquor traffic would pre-sent as united -a front as the liquor dealers present 'when their business is attacked. We therefore agree to vote, at the Presidential election in 1892, for the candidates of the Prohibition Party for President and Vice-President, provided thkt the sig-natures of one million voters be secured to this agreement. THE SENTINEL can not better answer this than in the words of holy writ : " He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him." Prov. 18 : 13. As yet, nobody knows what the platform of the Prohibition Party will be, nor who will be its candidates. The man who signs such a pledge is guilty of trea-son to his own manhood, for he abdicates the right to exercise his private judgment. COLERIDGE defines morality thus: "Morality is the body, of which the faith in Christ is the soul." What folly then to talk of enforcing morality by civil law. IT is a contradiction to let a man be free, and force him to do right.ŠF. W. Rob-ertson. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the . United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City 