01110 .1111111,, i— .119,1,111, iill .110111thlk: ilii 11.1.11.410111{11,11'illoi: {Hid P,E111.,  Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 10, 1891. NUMBER 48. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, I3Y TUE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C P BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE You will find it impossible to kill a principle, although you may take the life of the men who confess that principle.ŠAdolph Fischer. -4- " CONCEALMENT, evasion, ambiguity, are the resort of those who cannot remain silent, and yet are afraid to speak. Great openness and. frankness are powerful pre-possessions in favor of the truth." These sentences express facts which are given a loftier significance in the words of the Apostle Paul, " Seeing then that we have such hope, we use great plainness of speech." At no time in the history of the world has there been such an opportunity as at present, for the use of plain speech, in the fear of God, to make clear to the minds of the people the fallacy of the subtle and ambiguous reasonings, by which they are being led to accept man's law in the place of God's law; church creeds in the place of the Bible; and ecclesiastical dogma as the rule of civil affairs. LORD MACAULAY MACAULAY ironically says, that in matters of conscience " majorities are all right when I'm in. the majority; but all wrong when I'm in the minority." To illustrate, take the case of the infi-del. Has he no rights ? He has no con-victions or scruples as to religious observ-ances. Would it be right for the Chris-tian, who might be in the majority, to compel the infidel to observe a Christian institution ? s  It would be all right and proper if it would be right for the infidel,  who might be in the majority, to forbid such observance. But if one is wrong so is the other. It must, therefore, be clear to all, that the only position for the civil government, or local authorities, is simply to protect every man in his rights. If we should try to compel a man who is not a Chris-tian, to act as do the Christians, we should only make a hypocrite of him who otherwise would be a good citizen, and thus he would become a dangerous man, and hence a dangerous citizen. Let us be consistent, and look at this question from the standpoint of the Golden Rule. " Therefore all things, whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." The Rights of the People. IN our study of the opinion of the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Tennessee, as ex-pressed in Judge Hammond's dictum we have had to dwell upon the subject of the rights of the individual with respect to religion and religious observances enforced by law. We have found that in the whole dictum there is nowhere any recognition whatever of any such thing as the rights of the individual conscience; no right of the individual to choose for himself in religion or religious observances. Every-thing must be submitted to the dictates of the majority, it matters not what that majority may declare or demand. In short the will of the majority is made absolute in all things. The State is made supreme and absolute, and the individual is completely swallowed up and absorbed therein. The majority alone have rights, and these are bestowed by the State. This point was merely referred to in the quotation and discussion last week. The point is worthy of fuller examination, therefore we quote :Š The crime is in doing the thing forbidden by law, harmless though it be in itself. Therefore, all that part of the argument that it is not hurtful in itself to work on Sunday, apart from the religious sanctity  of the day, is beside the question. It may be that the courts would hold that repeated -repetitions of a violation of a law forbidding even a harmless. thing, could be a nuisance as tending to a breach of the peace. . . . That is to say a nuisance might be predicated of an act harmless in itself, if the will of the majority had lawfully forbidden the act, and rebellion against that will would be the gravamen of the offense. Now' in view of this statement, please read carefully the following :Š We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, govern-ments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; that whenever any form of government becomes de-structive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new gov-ernment, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness. In declaring that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, there is declared not only the sovereignty of the people, but the entire capability of the people. And in declar-ing the equal and inalienable right of all men to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, there is declared the entire capability of every man to enjoy life, and liberty, and to pursue happiness as he may think best, and he may choose for himself, so long as he interferes with no other man's equal right to the enjoyment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness. This is the only limit that ever can rightly be set to the exercise of this right, and this limit is set in the very declaration itself. Indeed the declaration, in itself, presupposes that men are men indeed, and that as such they are fully capable of deciding for themselves as to what is best for their happiness, and how ) they shall pursue it. Therefore no government, no law, can ever of right forbid the doing of anything that is harmless in itself. Governments are not formed to interfere With or to restrict inalienable rights; but to secure, to guard, to make firm the 