THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 163 `atres and opera. The third column is de-voted to temperance, a boxing match, and Pugilistic challenge, The fourth coltunn is devoted to the Social World, Dinners, Weddings, etc. The fifth col-umn has an interview with a humorist, followed by three minor items of local Matters. Then comes about a column and a half of general advertisements; and nearly a whole coluten of advertisements of theatres and shows. And that is the kind of a paper that is to 'take the place of the Sunday paper! 'That is the kind of a paper that is appro-priate for Sunday reading. But anybody WhOhas ever read any of the great Sunday dailies, knows that in point of real worthy they are as far ahead of the Mail and Ex-. preSs as needs to be imagined. It is true that'Mr. Shepard only says that in his paper there will be found some reading appropri-ate for Stfiday; but that is just as true of any Sunday paper that was ever issued. And it is certain that in the average Sun-day .paper there is more reading that is appropriate for Sunday, and is easier found, than there is in Mr. Shepard's 'paper. But whether there is or not, or *ha-toyer the reading is, our readers can now', form 'an estimate of what kind of a -paper it is that, according to the view of the President of the American Sabbath Union, can appropriately be read on Sun-day. And' by this they can form their own estimate Of the cry that is made by the Araerican Sabbath Union against the Suilday newspaper. A. T. J Plow Far They Propose to Carry It. IN an article on this subject in. last week's SENTINEL, it was shown by quota-tions from an article in the Christian MatesMan, by Rev: N. R. Johnston, that under the proposed National Reform Gov-ernment " the whole moral law as summed up in the ten commandments, and the whole moral Mosaic penal code, would be the rule of action in Congress;, in State Legislatures, and in the courts of justice." It was also shown by the same authority, that these so-called reformers expect by this means to "keep out of office all un-godly and wicked men," that is all who make ne 'profession of Christianity, and that they propose that idol worship, pro-fanity, blasphemy, Sabbath breaking, dis-obedience' to parents, intemperance, po-lygamy, adUltery, prostitution, 'gambling, etc., shall " be puniehed as the divine law ' requires." It is the purpose of the pres-ent article to examine this Matter a little and see What, 'according- to their own showing, would-be the nature of the pun-ishments which National Reformers would in the event of securing the much-coveted poWer, inflict upon those whom they should adjudge guilty of violation of the divine law. Blasphemy is Quo of the-sins which Mr. Johnston says would, under the National  Reforra regime, be punished " as the di-vine law requires." But first what is blas-phemy ? Blasphemy is defined by Web-ster as :Š An indignity offered to God by words or writing; reproachful, contemptuous, or irreverent words ut-tered impiously against God. Profanity, Webster defines thus :Š The quality or character of being profane; pro-faneness ; irreverence; especially the use of profane language; blasphemy..  It appears, therefore, that in the com-mon acceptation of the word, blasphemy is synonymous with profanity; yet Mr. Johnston enumerates profanity as though it were another and different sin. It fol-fows that he must have purposed by the use of the word blasphemy, which in his list of sins to be punished by the State oc-curs after the word profanity, to convey an additional meaning not contained in the word profanity. Let us then inquire what that meaning is. *After giving his own definition of blasphemy, Webster quotes the following from Bouvier :Š Blasphemy is to attribute to God that which is contrary to his nature, and does not belong to him, and to deny what does. In this sense every man who has a dif-ferent conception of God from that which his neighbor has, blasphemes, in the es-timation of that neighbor, if he gives ex-pression to that conception. Thus, in the eyes of the Trinitarian, the Unitarian blasphemes when he denies the divinity of Christ and the personality of the Holy Spirit. Likewise, the literalist blas-phemes, according to the generally ac-cepted idea of. God; when he teaches that God is .a literal' being having body, parts, and passions. The atheist also blas-phemes when he denies the existence of an intelligence commonly known as God, no matter how chaste the words in which that denial may be expressed. Thus, in the sense contained in Bouvier's defini-tion, blasphemy is the assertion of some conception of the Deity which conflicts with the generally accepted conception of the divine Being, or the denial of the pre-vailing, or legal, conception of that Being. This must be what Mr. Johnston means by the use of the word since it is all that is contained in it more than is contained in the word profanity, which he had pre- viously used in, the same enumeration of sins. Let, us then inquire how, under the pro- posed National Reform system of govern-ment, this crime of differing from the majority or from the powers that be as to the being and attributes of Deity would be punished. Mr. Johnston says, " As required by the divine law." Turning then to that law we read (Lev. 24: 16) :Š And he that blasphemeth the name of the Lord, he shall surely be put to death, and all the con-gregation shall certainly stone him: as well the stranger, as he that is born in the land, when he blasphemeth the name of the Lord, shall be put to death. Death by stoning is then 'the penalty which National Reform would inflict for blasphemy, an offense which consists only in thoughts and words either written or spoken. And yet Mr. Johnston and his friends have been very much grieved in, , the past, because they have been accused of desiring a union of Church and State, and because it has been asserted that, in the event of their movement being suc-cessful persecution for conscience' sake must result. Profanity, by which we presume is meant profane 'swearing, or cursing, is also punishable by death by stoning, as will appear by reference to Leviticus 24: 10, 14. Death was also the penalty for Sabbath breaking (Num. 15 : 32-36), for adultery (Lev. 20:10), for disobedience to parents (Dent. 21 : 19-21), and for idol-atry (Dent. 11 : 6-10). According to Mr. Johnston all these would, therefore, under the proposed National Reform Govern-ment, be punished by stoning to death. But some of the sins which Mr. John-ston says would " be punished as the di-vine law requires," were permitted under the theocracy, and no punishment is spec-ified for them in the Old Testament. Po-lygamy, for instance, was quite common in Old Testament times, and it is only in the light of the New Testament that it clearly appears as sin. It follows that if our Reform friends punish polygamy " as the divine law requires " they must punish it according to that which shows it to be sin. Let us see how this would be. According to the New Testament polyg-amy is adultery, and by referring to Mat-thew, 5: 27-30, and comparing it with Mark 9: 43-48 it will be seen that accord-ing to the teaching of Christ adultery is punishable by casting.  into hell fire. The original word used here is gehenna. This is supposed by many to refer to a place of eternal torment, but primarily it referred, as stated by Greenfield, to " the valley of Hinnom, South of Jerusalem, once cele-brated for the horrid worship of Moloch, and afterwards polluted with every species of filth, as well as the carcasses of animals and dead bodies of malefactors; to con:-sume which, in order to avert the pesti-lence which such a mass of corruption would occasion, constant fires were kept burning." This makes it clear that that form, at least, of adultery which is clearly shown only by the New Testament to be adultery, must be punished by burning, if it is to be punished " as the divine law re-quires." And since the fires in the Valley of Hinnom are long since extinct, and men have not access to the lake of fire supposed to be typified by those fires, it follows that they who would attempt to punish sins as the divine law of the New Testament requires, must kindle their own fires just as they were kindled in the six-teenth century at Smithfield to punish violations of the divine law as expounded by the Papal Church and administered by Bloody Mary. 