768 AMERICAN SENTINEL. rors of war about as much as the ones whom their sol-diers were fighting, after all, didn't they?" asked practi-cal Jack. "Almost, Jack; for after peace was declared in 1697 the country was in such a low condition that the high-est wages paid a laborer was only about eight cents a day." "What could they have had to eat? I don't seehow they could have bought themselves food at all." "They lived mostly upon rye porridge. But even though they could not afford meat for themselves, they were obliged to furnish it for the soldiers." "Dear me! I am really weary of hearing about war. I did hope France settled down at last, and didn't need any more soldiers," said Julia March. "It is sad, indeed, Julia, that the pages of history must be so marred. But, 0 no; the war of the 'Spanish Succession' was soon begun, between France and Ger-many,ŠLouis determining that his grandson Philip, should sit upon the Spanish throne, and the emperor of Germany determining that this honor belonged to his son." "What a foolish thing to fight over!" exclaimed Charlie White. "Foolish indeed to fight over for ten years; after some years of fighting, Louis was obliged to endure the humiliation, because England and Germany were both against her,Šof seeing the son of the German emperor take the Spanish throne. The year 1708-9 was noted as being the most terribly cold winter that France had known in many years. Charlie and Rob can understand, because they have seen the River Rhine, and know what a rushing, rapidly flowing river it is, that the weather must have been very cold to lock its surging waters with a key of frost." "I don't see how it could be cold enough for that, professor," said Rob Billings. "It did not look as if it could ever hold still long enough to be frozen." "But the cold weather was not the only trouble. This was a year of horrible famine. Even the king sac-rificed his silver and gold dishes to be made into money, to buy food for the poor. So let us credit him with doing this good deed. "Finally, although at first the fortunes of war turned in favor of Germany, Louis was at last successful, and so his grandson, Philip the Fifth, was seated upon the throne of Spain, and the war of the Spanish Succession came to an end in 1713. "Next week I. will ask Julia March to tell us some-thing about the death of Louis XIV." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STITTTLE. Satellites and Suns. "MARY shined at school to-day 'cause I Celled her how," would fittingly express the position which many people occupy in the world. They seem to shine, but they  borrow all their brilliancy from those more luminous than themselves. They go through life just as the indo-lent student goes through collegeŠnever quite able to stand upon their own merits, wrestling with each difficult Problem until it is mastered, but always depending upon somebody else to light up the dark corners of their inactive minds, and thus help them to "shine." A satellite is never radiant only as the light from some luminous body shines upon it; all the brilliancy which it seems to possess is a mere reflection. When we behold the "moon's full orb" at night, we say it shines; but further investigation proves that all its radiance is borrowed from the sun. There are people in the world who, upon first acquaintance, seem to shine, but their radiance will not bear the test of investigation. These human satellites revolve about, making many good pretensions, and are eager to be among the first to set before the public philanthropic plans, etc., which some star of the first magnitude has perseveringly devised. Such people are to church and society what the drone is to the hive: they occupy space, do a great deal of buzzing, and carefully avoid work. They do not know just what attitude to assume in regard to questions which arise from time to time, which pertain to personal or public good, although weighty consequences may hang upon their decision;Šthese human satellites are decidedly opaque until some influential soul "cell's them how" to shine. They love to be popular, to go with the masses, and to abide by the opinions and decisions of those whom the world recognizes as leaders. And how easy it is to become a satellite,Što do as others do, simply because others do that way, thus casting our influence whichever way will insure to us the greatest social standing. If a temperance or religious question confronts us, instead of searching carefully and prayerfully for ourselves, to know what the Word of God, the only criterion, really teaches, how much more agree-able to the human heart to trace an interlinear wrought out by some popular religious teacher, and thus place ourselves where we may easily be "carried about by every wind of doctrine." Instead of seeking earnestly for God's solution of every problem which comes to us in life's experience, it is so much easier to consult the key of some mortal man, and accept his solution as authority. Ah! the human satellite is the heart unrenewed by the grace of God; it is the abode of darkness. It is like the arc lamp which has no connection with the source of power, but which, the moment the connection is made, sends forth its precious gleams in every direction. The convict in the dungeon cell, wholly shut away from the sunlight which causes the flowers to bloom and flourish just outside the wall, is so near the light, yet knows only darkness. And there is just as really a wall of sin separating the unbelieving soul from the divine rays of the Sun of righteousness, which cause the Christian to grow in grace and in the knowledge of the truth. It is 