"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, JULY 13, 1899. NUMBER 27. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Kr Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for It (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE boldest anarchy is that which sets aside the highest law, which is the law of God. .4 .4 To COMPEL the observance of unjust statutes, is as fatal to good government as to allow the non-observ-ance of just ones. A. PEOPLE who look to no higher source than their legislatures for moral laws, will soon be far below the correct standard of morality in their practise. As "WHATSOEVER is not of faith is sin," and as en-forced Sabbath-keeping is not of faith, such Sabbath observance is sin, and the law which enforces it only serves to make people sin. CHRISTIANITY aims at purification not by casting out men, but by casting evil out of men; it aims not to purify that which is of the world, but to purify men through renunciation of this world. GOD allows every individual to govern himselfŠto be wicked or good, as he may choose; so that whoever is included in the divine government, is governed by his own consent. The Creator is no imperialist. As MORALITY must pertain to the inward thought  and motive as well as the outward act, and as no human law can apply further than the outward act, it is certain that human law is wholly inadequate to conserve the interests of morality. "THE Sabbath was made for man," not for one man more than for another, nor for any particular class of men. All men have an equal right to it, and no one is answerable to another for his use of it. All this is de-nied when the majority makes Sabbath observance a subject of legislation. THE empire of Rome fell when it had carried out to the fullest extent the idea that "Christian institutions" Šand especially Sunday observanceŠmust be protected by law. France fell into the French Revolution when it was amply supported by "props" of this character. The empire of Spain, just dissolvedŠexemplified the same thing. And in the republics of South America, where "Christian institutions"ŠSunday includedŠhad long been most fully and firmly enforced by law, there has been the most complete revolution in government. The truth is, religious legislation, so far from protecting the State, is the sure means, sooner or later, of its dissolu-tion. "Religion in Polities" Illustrated. THE "United Christian Party, which imagines it is working to set up a political government of God on earth," has been organized in Iowa. A press dispatch says of it:Š "A new party has been organized in Iowa. The plat-form is: 'We believe in direct legislation of people, and in order to make a government a government from God through Christ we should be governed in all things, law-making included, by the standard, "What Would Jesus Do?"' 