178 AMERICAN SENTINEL. their feelings protected from disturbance no less than their devotions. But truthŠand religious truth espe-ciallyŠhas always had to make its way in this world by disturbing somebody's feelings. And no person's feelings have been more disturbed than those of the people who were in error. All such "disturbance" is for the, good of mankind. It is especially for the good of those resting in error; if they will but have the meekness to profit by it. Let ideas jostle one against another without restraint in the wide arena of religious controversy. Truth must always be the gainer by it, and error the loser. People who claim the right to,  work on the first day of the week do not claim any right to disturb people and have no wish to disturb them. Religious assemblies are amply protected by law upon all days of the week, and there is no occasion for giving them or any individuals special "protection" on Sunday. "Christian Citizenship" in Practice. WE have presented several Bible studies with the Christian Citizen on the separation of church and state, which can mean nothing else than the separation from the state those who belong to the church. As certainly as those who are united with the church are united with the state, there is in the very nature of things the union of church and state. It may perhaps now be well to take a glance at the history of church and state; as we desire to do everything possible to help those Christian Citizen people. One of the clearest .and most profound productions on the history of church and state is the "Ecclesiastical Researches" of Robert Robinson. A close acquaintance with the Scriptures is nil that is needed to see that this is so. He declares plainly of the early church, that "Christians of all classes had always thought religion independent of secular government;" and that "this is clear to a demonstration by their conduct." "Paganism was the religion of the state, and pontiff was a title annexed to that of emperor. But Christians all disowned by their practice the office of high-priest, while they allowed and obeyed that of imperator. "These Christians ought to be divided into two gen-eral classes. They had all set out with order: but some had degenerated into government; which was a very dis-tinct discipline, and is the true and real seed of every kind of hierarchy. Originally placed by Jesus in a posi-tion of perfect equality, they felt their freedom when they met, and so formed a mutual confederacy against sin: having separately no authority at all, and collectively only that of declaring on due investigation that an indi-vidual had committed a known crime, which by violating the contract discharged them from their obligations to continue in society with him. "If any of the number were chosen to officiate for the rest, the offices did not lift them out of the state of breth- ren into that of rulers. . . . The whole assembly judged whether their officers condueted their affairs prop-erly: and there was perfect order and, liberty but no govi-ernment. "Into some of these congregations came that wrong-headed sort of men, who were half-Jews and who thought,  that Christianity would be mightily improved by insert-ing the Jewish ritual into Christian practice. Of this sort were all the 'saints,' and jeromeexpressly says that what Moses and Aaron and the Levites were among the Jews, that teachers and officers ought to be in the Christian church." "By slow degrees this Jewish theology depraved the church, and subverted the primitive order by losing the old idea of confederacy against vice, and by elevating the servants of the church into inspectors and watchmen, and guides, and masters, and monarchs, who, as they rose, sunk the people in due proportionŠfirst into care-lessness through confidence, next into inability through ignorance, and lastly into the most abject slavery, when tyranny was played off for virtue; and to stamp the peo-ple into dust and ashes was the only method of acquiring distinction and wealth, honor, ease, and everlasting rep-utation. On these piteous ruins rose the saintship o1 Augustine, and Cyprion, and Becket, and the theology converted these dregs of the world into oracles of God. This lust of power and government in the church led directly and inevitably to the lust of power and govern-ment in the state. "Bishops became a legislative power,. and each bishop of a city church exercised this authority in three distinct characters: At home in his own cathedral, assisted by a session of clergy, whom he created and sup-ported, he gave law to his church. In a provincial synod, assisted by other bishops, living within a district of secu-lar division, he gave laws to all the province. In general councils he was one of a body that made laws for the whole empire. Over all in this period was the emperor, who presided as high priest, or as the Emperor Constan-tine used to call himself, bishop or superintendent of the external affairs of the church. "In virtue of this office, old in name and new in prac-tice, the emperor defended the church, not the state; sup-pressed enemies of the church, not those of the empire; called councils, enforced the canons, placed and displaced priests, and became the executive power, not for the ben-efit of .a free commonwealth, but for the support of a dangerous monopoly. Thousands of volumes, ancient,  and modern, have been written to assort and conciliate this kind of government, but it never can be exonerated. "Before this time emperors were not under any obli-gation to think of religion as they were ordered. Their reason and conscience were free, and an emperor might choose his god and his ritual; but now it was understood that he was to obey the church in all matters of religion. This was extremely difficult for the church was divided into two great factions, Arian and Trinitarian [or those who were in power and those who were not], that perse-cuted each other with a mortal hatred. And it was curi- 