92 Ti 4V- AAMIRWAN The " Liberal " victory means a Gov-ernment of the people, by the people, for the people. In many respects the Mormon rule was.good. It is safe to say that the officials were as honest as the average politician ; yet their administration can never be called republican government. The Church ruled the State, and her favor-ites and interests received the first atten-tion: There were loud cries of fraud oh both sides, but the election passed off very quietly and every candid man must admit that the victory was honestly won. Un-doubtedly there were unscrupulous men in both parties and on both tickets, but there were also men whom even their po-litical enemies acknowledge as worthy of the highest trust and confidence. It is very probable that this defeat of the Mor-mon hierarchy will be lasting. The effort was not to overthrow the religion but to break the union of Church and State which was enslaving minds and blighting the Government. Let us not censure the men who have been educated to believe they are doing God service in following the dictates of an ambitious and unscrupulous priesthood. Let us pity their condition; condemn their religio-political system, and try to avoid repeating their mistakes. D. G. HENRY Salt Lake City, February 28: Ł -* Ł  Logic and Law. WE here present to our readers the mat-ter contained in the Brief upon the subject of the District of Columbia Sunday Bill, submitted by Prof. W. H. McKee, secre- tary of the National Religious Liberty As-sociation, Washington, D. C., to the Con- gressional Committee at a hearing Feb-ruary 19, 1890. It is worthy of careful study ; and it will bear the most critical scrutiny. To the Honorable CommitteeA  on the Dis-trict of Columbia :Š GENTLEMEN : In submitting to you this Brief, as a statement of some of the con-siderations why you are asked to report unfavorably upon House Bill 3854, en-titled, "A bill to prevent persons from being forced 'to labor on Sunday," your attention is called to these propositions :-- 1. The legislation asked, is unconstitu-tional, and contrary to the spirit of Amer-ican- institutions. 2, Waiving the question of unconstitu-tionality, Sunday laws F  already exist in force and enforceable, in the District of Columbia, and the measure is one of cumu-lative legislation. Article First, of the amendments to the Constitution, declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." House Bill 3854 embodies a measure which Congress is asked to adopt, as a law  governing the District of Columbia, over which Congress has sole jurisdiction. Therefore, if this measure has in view the establishment of the observance of a re-ligious dogma, or the enforcement of re-ligious reverence for a particular day, because of the supposed divine origin of the observance required, or because a larger or smaller proportion of citizens observe the day religiously, it is a religious measure, outside the pale of civil legisla-tion, and Congress is incompetent to en-tertain it. Three points of internal evidence prove the bill to be religious in its inception, and in its intent. First, the word " secular," in the phrase "to perform any secular labor or business," betrays the reverential spirit in which the bill is framed. The incongruity of the word, in such a connection, in a purely civil statute, will be perfectly patent, if applied to a supposed measure " to pre-vent persons from being forced to labor on the 4th of July," on " to prevent persons from being forced to labor on the 22d of February." 'The various antonymsŠreg-ular, religious, monastic, spiritual, clerical Šof the word " secular," show the char-acter which this term gives to the bill, and unavoidably. No stronger circum-stantial evidence could possibly be required than the unconscious testimony of this expression. Second : The words " except works; of necessity or mercy," are subject, in a lesser degree, to the same construction. The character of phrases, as well -as of human beings, may be determined by the company they keep, and this phrase is one which carries the mind immediately to the con-sideration of religious and Biblical excep-tions, made to the strict application of the divine law for the Sabbath. That is the source of the expression, and its course may be followed through all the religious laws for " Sabbath observance," and the judicial interpretation of them, which have been had. The effect of this phrase, in connection with the preceding word " sec-ular," is cumulative. Third: The exemption clause contains the language, " Who conscientiously be-lieve in and observe any other day." What has a purely civil statute to do with the conscience of man, as regards his conscientious belief in, and observance of, a day of rest ? The moment the domain of conscience- is touched, as such, from that instant the measure is no longer civil. And if, as this exemption shows, there be a class to whose conscience. this bill would work a hardship, and to whose religious convictions it would stand op-posed, then per contra, there ,is another class, the consciences of whomthe meas-ure is intended to favor. It is, therefore, not only legislation on matters of con-science, but class-legislation as well. More than this : What does an exemp-tion clause presuppose ? Is it not a civil  or legal incapacity to meet the require-ments of the law ? If the incapacity arise within the domain of conscience, it is without the civil sphere, and the necessary conclusion is, that the legislation is outside the jurisdiction of human law. These three points might be elaborated. further, but this statement of them is suf- ficient to show that the bill bears within itself conclusive evidence of its religious character, and, if religious, it is not within the purview of Congressional legislation, as contemplated by the Constitution. In measures, as in men, there is an ancestral spirit by which we may know them. What is the heredity of this bill ?ŠIts progenitor in the Senate, is the Blair Sunday-rest bill, which, on its first intro-duction in the Senate of the Fiftieth Con-gress, was plainly entitled, " A bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promoteits observance as a day of religious worship;" and in the Fifty-first Congress, it is called, "A bill to secure to the people the privileges of rest and of religious wor-ship, free from disturbance by others, on the first day of the week." The body of the two bills is the same, except that the incongruous nomenclature in the first has been harmonized in the second, and "First day," "Lord's day," and " Sabbath," made to read, " First day " and " Sunday." Although in the last section of the former bill, the expression " religious observance of the Sabbath day " is omitted, in the second, a neutrality clause, for it is nothing else, is inserted which declares, that "this act shall not be construed to prohibit or sanction labor on Sunday, by individuals who conscientiously believe in and keep any other day, as the Sabbath," etc. It is the same bill resurrected, and attempts the mingling of incongruous elements, which cannot be assimilatedŠthe Sabbath which is Divine, and the Sunday which is human; Sabbath of the moral law, Sunday of the civil law; Sabbath of the Lord thy God, Sunday a religious day by the enact-ment of Constantine, and a dies non, in the statutory nomenclature of the civil law. The very next munch of this family tree is entitled, " An act to punish blas-phemers, swearers, drunkards and Sabbath-breakers," which is openly a religious law. See laws of the District of Columbia,1868, pp. 136-7-8. The family likeness of these three measures, the old Maryland law, adopted into the statutes of the District, the Blair Sunday-rest bill, and the Breck-inridge local Sunday bill, is unmistakable, and, if the original from which the latter two are derived,. is a religious law, the two descendants certainly must be. But, in the bill before this committee, there has been an attempt to separate the civil from the religious, and the claim is made that this measure is consistently for a" civil Sunday." In making good this 