JAN. 12, 1893. SkANTTIINT   11-1,1Lo 13 in mind, there is another " Durborow reso-lution." It has been reprinted once here already, but is worthy of reiteration, and that is House Resolution 177Š To repeal the religious legislation pertaining to the World's Columbian Exposition. WHEREAS the United States Constitution specific-ally states that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof :" There-fore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled, That the act of Congress approved August fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety-two, appropriating five millions of Columbian half dol-lars to provide for celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of America by Chris-topher Columbus by holding an international ex-position of arts, industries, manufactures, and pro-ducts of the soil, mine, and sea in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois, on the condition that the said exposition shall not be opened to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday ; and also that section four of " an act to aid in carrying out the act of Congress ap-proved April twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and ninety, entitled, ' An act to providelfor celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus, by holding an international exposition of the arts, industries, manufactures, and products of the soil, mine, and sea in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illinois,' " be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to leave the matter of Sunday observance entirely within the power of the regularly constituted authorities of the World's Columbian Exposition. This is not another phase of religious legislation. This is not " a new Sabbath law, as inconsistent as the one they are asked to repeal." Will not congressmen repeal a law which they are now told by its authors and supporters is inconsistent with the Constitution they are sworn to support ? W. H. M. Washington, D. C. Misguided Zeal. MANY of our good women in America think they could do much to save this country from the influence of the Catholic Church if they were allowed to take part in political matters, and are working to this end. Besides many of our leading men are being carried away with the same vain hope. In a recent political meeting held by the City Committee of Independent Women Voters of Boston, in which two prominent ministers of that city were the chief speak- ers, this statement was made : We must have the help of women in our polit-ical campaigns in order to save the coun-try for God and righteousness." The ideas advanced were these, that the country was being filled up so fast with Catholics that unless the American wo-men came to be voters in all the affairs of State that this country would soon be a Catholic country. Therefore, the speaker said, we must have the help of women to save the country. All seemed to entirely overlook the fact that if Protestant wo-men were allowed to vote the Catholic women would be entitled to the same privilege, and consequently would help the Catholic cause more than the Ameri-can women would the anti-Catholic. It was plain to be seen that their ideas of saving the country "for God and right-eousness" was by means of religious legis-lation, for said the minister, " I never did a holier duty than that of voting ; " and he added that he had more respect for the common dude than he had for the man who would not vote. Moreover, he said, " The time must come when. we shall have compulsory voting in this country by all its citizens or take away their right of  citizenship in order to save the country in righteousness." All these sentiments were unanimously approved by the large Congregation present. If voting in political matters is " as holy a duty" as a man can do, then it fol-lows that political matters are of equal importance with religious duties, and all religious persons must take a part in the affairs of State; for they are , going to have " compulsory voting " or take away the right of citizenship from all who will not vote. It is plain to be seen from these statements that the religious teachers of this age are fast becoming the leaders in politics ; and when they get the power into their hands bigotry and intolerance will prevail. H. J. FARMAN, The Coming Reform. MANY are the efforts at reform in this morally and politically corrupt age. This fact is of itself a striking evidence of the need of reform. Of the attempts at polit-ical reform, it may be said that many of them are evolved from the struggle for party pre-eminence and personal gain. Of the proposed moral reforms, many are set in motion by zealous, well-meaning people who are sadly mistaken both as to possible results and the means by which to secure practical and permanent reform. There is one prominent peculiarity about the efforts of most moral reformers, and that is they seek reform through civil law. And one peculiarity of such so-called re-forms is that they invariably fail of the professed purpose, and when fully devel-oped always end in the persecution of dis-senters. It is unnecessary to repeat his-tory to demonstrate this point, as it is patent even to ordinary readers. The present is the center of interest. There is a growing mania for some kind of a political church. The churches have so far lost their spiritual power and in-fluence that it may well be said, " Babylon is fallen." The idea was voiced by a lead-ing modern reformer that through Chris-tian politics we must recognize Christ as the great world-force for righteousness and purity. Professed Christians seem to have lost sight of the principle, laid down by the Lord himself, that it is not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." There is a general dis-position to appeal to the civil law making power for the legal enforcement of moral-ity, the power of the Spirit of God being virtually ignored. A few months ago, a certain minister of this city, I suppose in echo of a like suggestion which had been advanced in other places, advocated the organization of a " Civic Church." The object was to unite all, in or out of the existing churches, for the purposes of moral and political re-form. Under the present regime the masses of voters in the churches are loath to forsake their old party affiliations, and the self-styled reformers are unable to concentrate a sufficient force to carry their pet hobbies through an election. Many in the churches may inwardly sympathize with the hobby that may be for the time before the people, but they naturally like to be on the strong side in a political con-test; and fearing that their votes would not sufficiently strengthen the reform to enable it to win, yet might so weaken the old party as to cause it to lose, they dare not take the chances of being left out altogether. So if all reform sympathizers could be brought together in a kind of  church relationship their obligation to work together would be morally strength-ened. In San Francisco, during the recent cam-paign, a scheme was promulgated at a ministers' meeting by which a species of censorship could be placed upon all candi-dates for office, the censors to report upon the character and fitness for office of all such candidates. Of course this committee would be composed of ministers or leading churchmen, and would constitute 'a kind of nominating committee for the faithful. And now comes another California min-ister and proposes to organize in this city a Prohibition Church. He holds out to prohibitionists about the same induce-ments that the Civic Church advocates do to the mass of professed municipal reform-ers, that is, combine in church relation-ship for more effective work. Of the purpose of civil government, he placed the moral and spiritual interests of the people in the van. He said the minister who objects to partisan politics is a hypo-crite, a coward, and an infidel. Of the particular tenets of a Prohibition Church, this leading exponent says that in regard to the fatherhood of God, the divinity of Christ, and the inspiration of the Scriptures, there would perhaps be no deviation from the ordinary views of the orthodox churches. But there was noth-ing definite laid down excepting that the church should take cognizance of the po-litical acts of its members. And this seems to be the trend of the modern idea of reformŠa political church. There are as yet many different ideas about how to get at it effectually, but they all have the same end in view. It is an open question whether so-called Protestantism will succeed in organizing a new church for the purpose of controlling the State, or eventually fall into the lap of the "mother church "Šthe Roman Catholic. The lat-ter has had long experience in that line, has all the necessary machinery in practi-cal running order, and has already the in-side track in the race for governmental recognition. However this may be, the political church is the coming reform," and Church and State, not only in princi-ple but in fact, is the goal. W. N. GLENN. Oakland, Cal., Dec. 80, 1892, Let Each Choose for Himself. PERIODIC rest days are quite numerous among different peoples. The Mohammed-ans worship on Friday, the supposed day of Christ's crucifixion; the Seventh-day Adventists, the Seventh-day Baptists, and other Sabbatarian Christians observe the original Sabbath; while the Catholics and the large majority of modern church societies observe the first day of the week. And now a student of Moody's institute in Chicago informs us that their rest day is Monday not exactly a holy day with them, but a day sacredly set apart for physical rest. This reminds us of the unjust and un-constitutional attempts to make laws de-ciding which day is the proper rest day for all, and then using the governmental machinery to force it upon all. The glory of the Church in America is that we have developed the most prosperous, the most liberal, and the most moral Church in the world by freedom in religionŠby absolute separation of Church and State. And why should we now, after over a century of unparalleled advancement and prosper- 