8EPT1lrillIER t21, 1808. Aminnid ANT gE,'N 293 to give them their rights, she has robbed them of their rights. This is especially illustrated by the whole history of Sunday legislation. The very first law for closing theaters and spectacles on Sunday, the law of A. D. 425, was secured by the Church, as Neander puts it, " that the devotions of the faithful might not be disturbed." He indicates in what way their devotions were disturbed, when he says, "Because people congregate more to the theater than to the church." Profes-sing to protect their right to worship free from all disturbance, the Church really took away their liberty to go elsewhere than to church. While thus denying the right of the common people to amuse themselves as they saw fit on Sunday, they really pro-fessed to do it all in the behalf of the rights of all, and especially of the poor laboring man. The reason given for clos-ing these places of amusement on Sunday, was, "Because Christians ought not to be compelled to attend these games." Of course, no one was compelled, only that they of their own free will engaged to work in these places, and so as they were open on Sunday they had to work. In professing to give them their right to rest which they already had, the Church denied and ignored ther right to work, which was as God-given and inherent as the right to rest. Professedly, it was to benefit the laboring man, but really it was to exalt the Church by destroying the competition between it and the thea-ter,Šin which competition, as Neander admits, " owing to the prevailing passion of the Christians(?) to attend these games," the Church was often worsted. This was the initial effort on the part of the Church to close places of amusement, and so turn the people into the church. The hypoc-risy of it is a type of that of all other like efforts in all times. It is precisely the same thing in the nineteenth century that it was in the fifth. The recent struggle in Toronto, Ontario, to prevent the street cars from running on Sunday, was the effort of the Church to so confine the people and prevent their access to parks and pleasure grounds, as to give them only the choice of the home or the church. All this was done in the name of the rights of the street car em-ploy4s. This is something which is met everywhere, but the hypocrisy of it was never more apparent than in Toronto during the recent agitation for Sunday cars. All the labor organizations of the city declared in favor of Sunday cars. Their representatives appeared on the various platforms of the city nearly every night in earnest conflict with the clergy. This is true even of the Working Women's Protective Association. Miss Joussaye, the president of this association, has again and again appeared on the platform, in able defense of Sunday cars. Here is an extract from the report of a speech deliv-ered by Miss Joussaye, August 24:Š I am present here representing the Working Women's Protective Association in its endeavor to secure Sunday cars. Our organization has pro-nounced in favor of them, and that after a careful consideration of the subject. I wish to ask you as men whether the 6,000 servants girls in this city have no rights ? Are not their privileges and con-veniences just as important as those of the 800 street car men ? [Cries of "Yes, yes," and loud applause.] The ministers and rich men of this city who are fighting against Sunday cars, and who are so solicitous lest a street car man should work on the Sabbath, make the poor white slaves in their basements work for ten hours on the day of rest. [Tremendous applause.] I have been a servant girl and I know whereof I speak, If the fourth com- mandment is to be followed so strictly as these men desire, why do they not notice that it includes the maidservant as well as the manservant and the beasts. Ł Again and again in my presence and hearing, and in the presence and hearing of all these ministers, the official rep-resentatives of labor declared for Sun-day cars, and protested warmly against clerical interference with this business ; and yet the preachers went right on pro-fessing to represent the interest of labor, and to speak for the laboring man. A recent editorial in the Toronto World sets this matter out in its true light. I will give extracts In regard to Sunday labor the railway company has made several important concessions to its em-ployes. These concessions are set out in an agree-ment which the company executed yesterday. The company's men are satisfied with the agree-ment. The Trades and Labor Council, representing the workingmen of Toronto of all trades, is satisfied with the agreement. The street car, employes are satisfied to work under the conditions agreed to by the company. The Trades and Labor Council say the concession to labor is a most valuable one, and in the name of labor they accept it. Labor is sat-isfied. The men who will do the Sunday work are satisfied and willing to do it. Their confreres in other branches of labor are satisfied with the com-pany's treatment of its men. All the labor people of Toronto are satisfied. Why then do the Antis howl about labor ? Why do the clergy in the name of labor protest against Sunday cars? Why all this fuss about labor when labor is sat-isfied ? What fools these Antis are making of themselves crying out against the inhuman blow that is being aimed at labor, while labor all the while is satisfied with everything, and rather likes it too! What have they or their friends ever done for labor? Nothing but talk. And for what purpose this talk ? They are using labor as a catspaw to pull the chestnuts out of the fire. Labor will resent this interference, this insult. . . . The Antis are not only seeking to deprive the workingman of his right to use the public coach on Sunday, but they are protesting against working-men being allowed to manage their own affairs. Isn't it the height of impudence ? Is the employment of labor on Sunday a question for the clergymen of Toronto to decide, or is it a question for labor itself to decide ? We pray that this city will be spared any more maudlin tears over the poor workingman as far as this Sunday car question is concerned. The workingman has settled this affair for him-self. The Church thus professes to be the friend of labor while denying the right of labor. The Church rides in its easy carriages, and sits in its soft pews on Sunday, while forbidding the weary toilers the street car and the parks they so loudly ask for. The Church, preachers, and people, many of them, go away to the seaside and the mountains for a summer airing and out-ing ; and yet when the laboring man wants a little Sunday outing for himself and family, he is told in the most sneer-ing, disrespectful manner that the air of the city street is good enough for him. I will give one or two illustrations of the platform remarks of these pious Antis concerning their friends(?) the "poor la-boring man: "Š F. S. Spence claimed that if the street cars were run they would not be patronized by honest men, but only by the loose fish of the city. Mr. Moore was interrupted in som of his state-ments by cries of, "Give us Sunday street cars and pure air." Mn.MOORS: "You talk about pure air. If you'll keep your mouth shut the air will be that much purer. The common sense of Toronto is not to be overcome by the bawling of a lot of habit s." The audience resented this language and cried the speaker down. The Mayor finally threatened to clear the gallery unless the disorder ceased. MR. MOORE: "And the gallery wouldn't suffer and the city wouldn't suffer if it was cleared outŠif it was cleared of the kind of rubbish that are  attempting to force Sunday cars upon us. If you've got enough sense left, keep quiet. Do you know anything ?" " No-o-o-o-o." And the audience took up the refrain, " and it ascended from pit to gallery and back again, The Church cheers these sentiments and hisses those who oppose them ; then she calls herself the friend of these laboring men who are asking for Sunday cars, and really expect that they will come to her and get converted. These are illustrations not of Christianity but of " Chnrchianity." It is thus the Church reveals her shame, when she seeks and expects to convert the world, not by the power of divine love, but by legal force. G. E. FIFIELD. Religious and Civil Liberty in Pennsyl- vania. [From the chapter on "Civil and Religious Liberty," in "Memoirs of Alexander Campbell."] PRESBYTERIANISM had almost entire con-trol of the population in Western Penn-sylvania, and especially in Washington County. It was naturally to be expected, therefore, that the spirit of the prevailing religion would find expression more or less in the local laws and regulations, and that these in turn would reveal the character and real tendency of this religion. Too inattentive to the probability of this latter result, and too confident in the possession of power, the adherents of the dominant party in Washington County had com-menced, in 1815, a system of espionage and of arbitrary coercion, with respect to the people, which seemed to revive the spirit of the old Puritan codes, and which at the present day no Western community would for a moment endure. This system it was attempted to establish through the agency of what were called " moral socie-ties," organized for the reputable purpose of "suppressing vice and immorality," which seemed, in the estimation of the founders of these societies, to form two different categories. But the nature of these organizations, and the plausibility of the reasons by which it was attempted to justify them, will be best seen from their own records. Thus, it is related that on the 4th day of April, 1815Š " At a meeting of a number of the citi-zens of the borough of Washington, to take into consideration the expediency of forming an association for the suppres-sion of vice and immorality, James Brice was called to the chair, and Obadiah Jen-nings was appointed secretary. Where-upon it was resolved to form an associa-tion for the suppression of immorality." Certain rules were then adopted as the constitution of the " Washington Moral Society." In this constitution it was made the duty of every member "actively to promote the objects of the association by giving information against any one known to be guilty of profane swearing, Sabbath breaking, intoxication, unlawful gaming, keeping a disorderly public house,. or any other active immorality punished by the Commonwealth." It was furtherŁ enjoined upon each member to " assist. and encourage his fellow members in their duty." Regular meetings were also to bes held on the first Monday of May, August,, November and February, at the Presby-terian. meeting-house in the borough of Washington, six members forming a quo-rum. It is recommended also that "simi-lar associations be formed in the different parts of the county." After the constitu-tion, an address " was adopted, which, after setting forth at length the evils of 