274    VoL. 8, No. *35. A1MIIH,1LCAI CAIN-  SMNI-Fr INHaLto pay for their past sins and to prevent their again falling into sin. Now, in the matter of Sunday legisla-tion, and other too, have the professed Protestant churches of the United States remained loyal to the true Protestant, and Christian, doctrine of justification ? or have they gone over bodily to the way and doctrine of the Catholic Church ? Have they remained loyal to the true Protestant and Christian doctrine of jus-tification by the faith of Christ alone or have they gone in the way, and to the doctrine, of the Catholic Church of jus-tification by " the faith of the creed," with " recourse to the help of the law and State authority" to provide the necessary " fear of temporal punishment to act as a check to prevent" the American people from " falling again into sin" ? Which of these have they done ? Everybody knows, from these evidences, that they have forsaken the true Protestant and Christian way, and have gone in the Catholic and antichristian way. AND that all may more fully see how complete is this their apostasy, we insert here Mr. Bryce's scathing arraignment of false Protestantism everywhere, and which is as applicable to this as to all before it :Š The principles which had led the Protestants to sever themselves from the Roman Church, should have taught them to bear with the opinions of others, and warned them from the attempt to con-nect agreement in doctrine or manner of worship with the necessary forms of civil government. Still less ought they to have enforced that agree-ment by civil penalties ; for faith, upon their own showing, had no value save when it was freely given. A church which does not claim to be infal-lible, is bound to allow that some part of the truth may possibly be with its adversaries : a church which permits or encourages human reason to apply itself to revelation, has no right first to argue with people and then to punish them if they are not convinced. But whether it was that men only half saw what they had done, or that finding it hard enough to unrivet priestly fetters, they welcomed all the aid a temporal prince could give. The result was that religion, or rather, religious creed, began to be involved with politics more closely than had ever been the case before. Through the greater part of Christendom, wars of religion raged for a century or more, and down to our own days feelings of theological antipathy continue to affect the rela-tions of the powers of Europe. In almost every country the form of doctrine which triumphed, associated itself with the State, and maintained the despotic system of the Middle Ages, while it for-sook the grounds on which that system had been based. It was thus that there arose national churches, which were to be to the several Protestant coun-tries of Europe that which the Church Catholic had been to the world at large : churches, that is to say, each of which was to be co-extensive with its respective State, was to enjoy landed wealth and exclusive political privilege, and was to be armed with coercive powers against recusants. It was not altogether easy to find a set of theoretical principles on which such churches might be made to rest. For they could not, like the old church, point to the historical transmission of their doc-trines; they could not claim to have in any one man or body of men an infallible organ of divine truth ; they could not even fall back upon general councils, or the argument, whatever it may be worth, "Secures indicat orbis terrarum." But in practice these difficulties were soon got over, for the dominant party in each State, if it was not infallible, was at any rate quite sure that it was right, and could attribute the resistance of other sects to nothing but moral obliquity. The will of the sovereign, as in England, or the will of the majority, as in Holland, Scandinavia, and Scotland, imposed upon each country a peculiar form of worship, and kept up the practices of medieval intolerance without their justificaton. Persecution, which might at least be excused in an infallible Catholic and Apostolic Church, was peculiarly odious when practised by those who were not Catholic, who were no more apostolic than their neighbors, and who had just revolted from the most ancient and venerable authority, in the name of rights which they now denied to  others. If union with the visible church by partici-pation in a material sacrament be necessary to eterna: life, persecution may be held a duty, a kindness to perishing souls. But if the kingdom of heaven be in every sense a kingdom of the spirit, if saving faith be possible out of one visible body and under a diversity of external forms, persecu-tion becomes at once a crime and a folly. Therefore the intolerance of Protestants, if the forms it took were less cruel than those practiced by the Roman Catholic, was far less defensible; for it had seldom anything better to allege on its behalf than motive of political expediency, or more often the mere headstrong passion of a ruler or a faction, to silence the expressions of any opinions but their own. . . . And hence it is not too much to say that the ideas . . . regarding the duty of the magistrate to compel uniformity in doctrine and worship by the civil arm, may all be traced to the relation which that theory established between the Roman Church and the Roman Empire; to the con-ception, in fact, of an Empire Church itself.ŠHoly Roman Empire, Chap. XVIII, par. 8. THUS certain and thus complete by every count and in every sense, is the apostasy of the professed Protestant denominations of the United States, as such. By the persistent action of their ecclesiastical leaders, these denominations, as such, have been carried clear over into the anti-christian way. They have thus become the harlot daughters of " MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOM-INATIONS OF THE EARTH." And now the voice from heaven calls, " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not par-takers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities." Rev. 18:4, 5. A. T. J. Two Sides to the Shield. PROFESSOR HUXLEY, at the opening of Johns Hopkins University, parodying the words of one greater than he, observed : " It is undoubtedly true that man shall not live by bread alone, but by ideas." Unfortunately, pending the final per-fection of " telepathy," or the direct com-munication from one mind to another by mere " cerebration," we can convey ideas only by words. This method is and must always remain imperfect. After the pre-liminary formulation of one's idea, comes the labor of clothing it in articulate lan-guage. Every thinker has experienced a frequent difficulty in performing this work to his own satisfactionŠthat is, in so selecting and adjusting his words that his own mind will recognize in them the precise embodiment of his thought, and neither more nor less. How much harder is it to make sure that the phraseology, in general and particular, shall convey to all who read, the writer's meaning and nothing else. This uncertainty of language, in the most expert hands, has brought infinite trouble on mankind. incalculable has been excited, and oceans of blood have been spilt as the outcome of contro-versies which might have been avoided if either side had understood what the other side meant, or, indeed, in many cases, if it had been quite clear to either what it meant itself by the propositions for which it contended. There is an application of these remarks to the language of President Andrews, of Brown University, quoted in the SENTINEL of the 3d ult., " The artificial separation between what is known as religious and what is known as secular," the learned president pronounces, " if carried to the extreme to be prejudicial to society," and the rightfulness of such a separation to  him is "untrue from a religious point of view and deleterious from a civil and social point of view." Never was the case of the two knights who killed each other to settle the question whether the shield suspended over their heads was of gold or of silver, it being in fact golden on the side turned towards one of them, and sil-ver on the side facing the other, more forcibly recalled to the writer's mind than when he read this passage. Never did the advice of a great philosopher seem more pertinent: " When a man asks you ' Do you think so and so,' " on some a b-stract question, reply by asking him, " What do you mean by ' so and so ? ' In the majority of cases, you will find that he himself attaches no definite idea to the formula which some one has taught him, and which he repeats Poll-parrot-wise." When this learned president speaks of the separation of things secular from things religious, it is in order to ask him what he means by that. It is expedient to tell him that his shield has two sides, that there is a sense in which this separation is not merely " false " in theory, and " dele-terious " in practice, but is absolutely im-possible; and another sense, in which it is not merely right and proper but absolutely essential to the preservation of liberty and the welfare of humanity. From the individual side of the shield this separation can never be made. "Re-ligion's chief concern," says Mr. Matthew Arnold, rightly, " is conduct; and conduct is three-fourths of human life." It is the Christian doctrine that there can be no true religion in any man without its ex-pression in conductŠthat is to say, its daily and hourly application by the man himself to all his secular relations. Under the Mosaic dispensation, there was an external, visible identification of Church and StateŠthat is to say, men were kept in order by physical penalties, inflicted in the name of Deity. In every Christian's heart this identification is equally cox a-pleteŠonly he is constrained to riglat doing not by fear, but love. "Thus sail h the Lord," is with him the standard of conduct. Applying this standard to kis relations with his fellow-man, he finds things secular a part of things religious, and needs no civil penalties or police to keep him straight in the narrow path. But it is plain enough that with such a man as this and such a standard of con-duct as this, the State, the government, whatever name we chose to give to the machinery, whereby the force of society is applied to the individual, can have nothing whatever to do. No occasion for the application of such force to true Christians can possibly arise in these days. Moreover, it is impossible, from the Christian point of view, that religion should be aided in any way by the civil power. Conduct may, indeed, be com-pelled, but no act or course of conduct resulting from compulsion can be in any degree whatever religious according to Christianity. Again, government has no means whatever of ascertaining what conduct is or is not required by religion. The only government that ever had the means of finding this out was that estab-lished by Moses. While the revelation of the divine will, under any given circum-stances, may still come to any individual heart that is ready to receive it, no modern legislature has authority to begin an en-actment with the phrase, " Thus saith the Lord." Two sides, then;  to the shield of " sep- 