0 0 10 0 CO Łttl 10 cc CC cc <IA CC cc co )to <14 Go. I -41 cc cc <14 cc $529,905  $561,9  8 cc cc ct cc cc cc -4( "14 cc cc CO al A_M:81;ZILCAN  37' ical origin, and has nothing at all to do with the claim of the Catholic Church. Like the Sicilian Vespers, and the massacre of St. Bartholomew, it was a purely political persecution against heretics and unbelievers. While it lasted, the Popes ex-erted their utmost efforts to control its action and prevent abuse.ŠCatholicity, Protestantism, and In-fidelity, page 45, On which side of this diabolical trans-action the Pope exerted his efforts to " control action" and " prevent abuse," appears from the following testimony :Š - When the letters of the Pope's legate were read in the assembly of the cardinals, by which he as-sured the Pope that all was transacted by the ex-press will and command of the king, it was imme-diately decreed that the Pope should march with his cardinals to the church of St. Mark, and in the most solemn manner give thanks to God for so great a blessing conferred on the See of Rome and the Christian world; and that, on the Monday after, solemn mass should be celebrated in the church of Minerva, at which the Pope, Gregory XIII., and cardinals were present; and that a jubilee should be published throughout the whole Christian world, and the cause of it declared to be, to return thanks to God for the extirpation of the enemies of the truth and church in France. In the evening the cannons of St. Angelo were fired to testify the public joy; the whole city illuminated with bon-fires; and no one sign of rejoicing omitted that was usually made for the greatest victories obtained in favor of the Roman Church.ŠEncyclopedia- of Religious Knowledge, page 926. The same methods have been used against heretics by idolatrous systems.of religion. When Buddhism had so far gained influence in Hindostan as to en-; d.auger the popularity of the Brahihan system, that sect, "arming themselves with the civil power, so effectually purified Hindostan from the offensive heresy, that scarcely a vestige -of the Buddhist superstition is now to be traced in that country." In so far as any Christian church clam-ors for civil law to enforce any of its dogmas, or usages, however specious their pretense, they are fallen from the grace of God; and when a civil government ac-cedes to such demands it puts a sword into the hand of the Church wherewith to punish dissenters, and it always results in persecution of God's own people, although others also may be made to suffer with them. "The injustice of persecution for con-science' sake must appear plain to every one that possesses the least degree of thought or feeling. `To banish, imprison, plunder, starve, hang, and burn men for religion is not the gospel of Christ; it is the gospel of the devil. Where persecu-tion begins, Christianity ends. Christ never used anything that looked like force or violence, except once; and that was to drive bad men out of the temple, and not to drive them in." A. SMITH. EACH man must accept or reject the Bible for himself, and the consequences of his decision he must abide. It is a matter between his own soul and his God, and the State has no right to exert its influence to turn him either this way or that. Sunday Laws Oppress the Poor. W. J. ROBINSON, D. D., has, in the United Presbyterian, of December 24, 1891, an article, from which the following facts are extracted just as he gave them:Š During the past summer a certain excursion boat, called the Mayflower, plying the rivers about Pittsburg, commenced a series of Sabbath day trips from Pittsburg to McKee's Rocks. Large crowds of pleasure loving Sabbath desecrators availed themselves of the opportunity to spend the Sab-bath in that suburban retreat. The Law and Order Association of Pittsburg and Allegheny promptly made information against the officers and crew of the Mayflower, for violation of the statute of the commonwealth, forbidding worldly employment on the Sabbath. They were duly convicted and fined, according to the statute, by the magistrate. Appeal was taken to the Court of Common Pleas of Allegheny County, on the ground that the de-fendant boat was used as a ferry, and, therefore, came within the exceptions of the act of 1794. Now, to the joy of every lover of good order and decency in our county, the judgment of the lower court was affirmed by the superior. The decision is especially gratifying in the fact of the manifest heartiness with which his honor, Judge Ewing, makes it, and the assurance which is thus given that the judicial authority vested in him is freely wielded against this demoralizing Sabbath excur-sion business. . . . He says: "These Sabbath trips of the Mayflower were palpably- mere pleasure excursions on the part of the passengers, and were mere special excursions given by the boat owners for hire, without the shadow of protec-tion under the proviso to the act. The defendants were clearly performing their ordinary worldly em-ployment, and were not in any sense ferrymen." Upon the mere question of law the Judge was probably correct. It is very likely that the intention of the law-makers was not to except such excursions. But that only proves that Sunday laws, instead of being in the interests of the "toiling masses," the "poor laboring man," as is so persistently plead for them, if rigidly enforced, make it impossible for tens of thousands in our large cities ever to visit the country and receive the bene-fits which come from such recreation; and which are so eagerly sought by those who, by their occupations, are necessarily con-fined within hot offices and dirty shops during the hours of labor, and whose means do not enable them to have bright airy rooms in which to rest and sleep. The cheap, Sunday excursion is about the only recreation within the reach of multitudes, and while it is not perfect it is decidedly preferable to spending the day in the saloon or even in many so-called "homes" in the tenement districts of our cities. If the State will insist upon the people being idle upon one day in the week, whether they want to or not, instead of making it impossible for them to exchange the city for the country for a few hours, it should encourage something of this kind. The better way, however, would be to leave the individual as free upon Sundays as upon other days to do as he wills, and then, what are now troublesome questions would easily adjust themselves. The readiness of our courts to enforce such laws as the Pennsylvania Sunday statute of 1794 is an  evil omen for the rightful liberty of the individual citizen, and a cause for alarm rather than congratulation. C. P. B, Significant Figures. THE following correct and significant table of appropriations by Congress, for six years, for schools under the control of religious bodies, was secured by the Inde-pendent and published September 11, 1890. We republish it now for the information of those who have not seen the figures, or have forgotten them:- 0000 (X) t- CO CD "c1.1 010-CO-r-r 0000 CC, CC CO 0 10 -14,24 o cc in in Oo <ti <11 in- a o~000,n000  ooo c=, • 0 CC- tŁŁ.',0- -.2.rol" eat  EA) 10 c co o 1,C 0 1,C 0 cc CC CS0 Ł ri t. -cie, V GO cb. 10 cra Ca at 6C. 0 0 cCarD..--,0 0 <i4=C9c> 0 0 -31 coca,-1<t4 Ca <14 0 o0-  cc itc- r-1 Cis 0- ,-1 CC -,-1 co at -.-+ •4 0  Ł 0 Ł0.3 Ł 4 c.) a2 :cc sl CI 4-g 8 O cl b,,, 74,12 %-, Ł-t c1-1 2-, Ł g o bt..-. id' a, .A Ł,-t 1--I ŁŁ)4 C.Yr. tc3 0 '-' .--` ql" gzi-...' —O 4,2 Pi3 g Łc3 49,..— m t=',E Pi 1 o'ci 9,1' til ,..,'-' o,..c) E- ..0 boll --, c.) szl Hr.::: gz ;-, 43 4 ,6 ;-. .;74 r-, a g3 pi S-. ''A .1' 0 PI ,zy .i.a C1')Ł,-, ')P a, P24 R.04 O ;., o ct Ł-. "CfLT, 0 ..-. 0 ."C g g ..-. P.. 1=4 gt:1-1QX-'14142.1 X-, <1 THE New York Sun is authority for the following story, which a Catholic paper re-marks, " has a touch of humor in it :" " Officers of the Custom House were sud-denly called upon not long since to decide the proper tariff on the Pope's blessing. A New Yorker while abroad bought two rosaries at eight dollars, for his maid serv-ants, and then expended four dollars in having them sent to Rome for the Pope's blessing. On reaching New York the honest importer explained the whole mat-ter to the customs officers, and said he was willing to pay duty on the full value of the articles. Accordingly he was assessed forty per cent. on rosaries as such, and thirty-five per cent. on the Pope's blessing as an article ' not otherwise provided for.' " THE Catholic Review complains that "the Government in Mexico is ruled by masonic lodges." A bad state of affairs, indeed, for the government should be con-trolled by the people; but since in Mexico it seems to be a choice between secret lodges and a corrupt and scheming priest-hood, the Government is probably better off in the hands of the former. 1-4 cc 1-1 cc 00 cc00 06 cc cc CO CoCo CC, 1-4 CO )0 A-CC, 00 V ccc cwt t- 0 0 (cam   arc- ct CO V 100 73 cc co oz <t 0•  4 0 CC IC cc 2-- cc ai CO IC 10 V 00 t-- CA CA <irt ccc oi o leD cq cc cc ca (xi 