MAROH [got 6 getfulness. The command is, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," but the Senate has forgotten it. The period called Lent has forty days, but this was tempo-rarily forgotten and shortened to five. But if it had been true that Good Fri-day came at the time supposed, why was it necessary for the Senate to adjourn ? Is it the business of the civil rulers to con-form to, all the church fasts or feasts in their official capacity ? Will they show similar respect to Saint Patrick's Day, and to the Hebrew Day of Atonement ? If not, why not ? These questions all belong to the opening chapter in a union of Church and State. The closing chapter will tell of bitter persecution for those who reject the holy days made by Con-gress and obey those given by God him-self. Already the issue is joined between the State and individuals who practice what the law of God commands, namely, keep the seventh day and work the other six. For this they are imprisoned while judges, juries, and politicians pay an ever increasing regard to the festivals of the church which have no authority in the Scriptures. H. E. ROBINSON. Blowing Hot and Cold. THE so-called Christian Reformer, pub-lished in Allegheny, Pa., by the Cove-nanter Publishing Company, and edited, presumably, by Rev. David McAllister, D. D., in commenting on the recent de-cision of the Maryland Court of Appeals in the case of J. W. Judefind, convicted for husking corn on Sunday, says:Š Of course it will seem to Adventists a most unfair and unjust comparison, but the fact is that the vio-lators of Sabbath law are to be dealt with as the vio-lators of other laws on the statute books of our States. We most cordially indorse the following from the Christian Intelligeneer: "The worst enemies of a day of rest and worship are those who enforce the penal-ties of the civil law against persons who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week, and therefore pursue their ordinary vocations on the first day. So long as such persons do not hinder others from enjoy-ing the rest and privilege of Sunday, they are entitled to pursue their own chosen course without let or hin-drance." But the very essence of the breach of our State Sabbath laws is the infringement of the right of other citizens to the enjoyment of the rest and privi-leges of the Lord's day. Adventists may spend the Christian Sabbath, so long as their conduct concerns themselves alone, as they may see fit to spend it. But when their conduct on that day involves the question of the rights and welfare of the social body as against the rights claimed by the Adventists themselves, the courts must enforce what is for the highest good of the social body. And as no true right of any citizen can ever be in conflict with the rights and duties of the social being, so the strict enforcement of all just laws, including Sabbath laws, can never infringe upon the rights of any individual citizen or subject. This is blowing both hot and cold in a single breath. How could husking corn in one's own field, and at a considerable distance from a public road, and that in the quietest manner possible, not from the standing stalk as is sometimes the case, but from a shock, possibly " hinder others from enjoying the rest and priv-ilege of Sunday " ? It could not unless one " privilege " of Sunday is to domineer over others. But we do not grant, how-ever, that any one is under any obligation to be specially quiet in his Sunday work. People have just the same natural, God-given right to work on Sunday that they have to work on other days. There is no more reason why the Adventist should sneak to his Sunday work like a criminal, than there is that the Sunday keeper should hide behind fences and hedges on Mon-day. Nevertheless, as a rule, Adventists are very unobtrusive in their Sunday  work, and do not, as is frequently falsely asserted, make themselves as conspicuous as possible on that day. It is true the Reformer does not make this charge in so many words, but the whole tone of the article is one of insinuation, as though their conduct on Sunday did involve the rights of others. The Reformer continues:Š The maintenance of the Sabbath laws of our States is not to be compared to the enforcement of the fugi-tive slave law, or of any law conflicting with the high standard of Christian morals. It is rather to be com-pared with the law against polygamy. The Mormons plant themselves on the Old Testament scriptures in very much the same way as do the Adventists. In the one case as in the other we have a perversion of the moral laws of the divine Word against the good order of Christian civil government. And while the Mormons, like the Adventists, will complain of in-fringement of religious liberties, the good order of a Christian nation must be upheld against them both. The SENTINEL has more than once shown that Sunday laws and laws against polygamy are not analogous. Moreover, as a question of Christian ethics between the so-called Christian Reformer and the Adventists, the editor of the former knows that " in one case as in the other we have" not " a perversion of the moral laws of the divine Word against the good order of Christian civil government." When it comes to the divine Word the Adventists have everything in their favor. That Word says plainly, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Where, then, is the authority for the first day ? The editor of the Christian (?) Reformer should remember also that other commandment which says, " Thou shalt not bear false witness." c. P. B. Sunday Laws in Switzerland. OUR little freedom loving republic has not escaped the ever-spreading influence of Sunday law agitations. From America, the wave has swept over Europe and, breaking against the Alps, seems to have spent its greatest force in Switzerland. First, lecturers were sent across the At-lantic to agitate the public mind prepara-tory to organized effort. In the past, various Sunday laws have existed in many of the countries of Eu-rope; but in general they have been en-acted as civil measures to protect the laboring masses against the tyranny of capital. As is well known, the European Sunday is a public holiday much more devoted to pleasure than to religion. In Switzerland, the more pious women attend church in the morning, while the men are out at the military targets practicing sharp shooting; and in the afternoon all, from the youngest to the oldest, swarm out to the beer-gardens, pleasure resorts, etc., and regale themselves with music, beer and tobacco. An idea of the proportion of the church-going people may be formed by the fact that in one quarter of Zurich with a population of more than fourteen thousand, from one to two dozen attend chui.ch on Sunday. In France, Sunday is still less a religious day than in Switzer-land. The usual pleasures prevail, and are varied by an occasional bull-fight. All that the masses desire is liberty to use Sunday as they wish. The original design of Sunday laws was to guard this liberty; but the religious Sunday senti-ment, so prevalent in America, is gaining ground here. In 1876 an International Sunday Congress held at Geneva was at-tended by a large number of delegates of renown from the various nations. Since,  local organizations have been formed as centers from which to carry on the war-fare. A journal in French at Genera, and one in German at Basle, have been published for the express purpose of secur-ing better Sunday laws. Of course, the preachers carry on the work. They have kept their readers well informed in regard to the progress of the Sunday movement in America, through reports, extracts from such papers as " The Pearl of Days," etc. Catholics are, also active in the same direction, but, through their own organiza-tion; yet they are in this movement on friendly terms with Protestants, and un-derstand that all are working to the same end. It can readily be seen why the Cath-olics harmonize so well with Protestants in this work, for all that the latter do in honor of Sunday is in honor of the Catho-lic Church. By such a course, Protestants are setting a trap for themselves which Catholics will spring upon them when the opportune moment arrives. This bein the case, it is but natural that they shpuld be as interested and solicitous in this work of Protestants, as the spider was with the fly, when he so politely and meekly entreated, " Will you walk into my parlor ?" The Paris World's Fair in 1889 was seized upon as an occasion for advancing the Sunday cause. The congress there held was well attended and received at-tention from such distinguished persons as President Harrison, Gladstone, etc., who addressed the congress by letter. Later meetings have received attention and encouragement from Emperor Wil-liam and others. Last summer, the Ger-man Reichstag devoted considerable time to the matter of Sunday laws, and the same received attention at Berne. In pro-portion as the rulers find themselves power-less to control the increasing discontent of turbulent millions, they instinctively turn to the Church for the needed help. His-tory is repeating itself. While the masses desire Sunday as a holiday, many of the preachers have some-thing else in view. They profess to be working in the interest of the laboring man; but, as in America, the laboring men occasionally give a practical illustra-tion of the fact that this gratuitous sym-pathy for them is but a decoy, and that there is really another motive behind the movement. The canton of Baselland fur-nishes an illustration of this. The minis-ters worked faithfully in the interests of a cantonal Sunday law, by periodicals, cir-culars, and mass meetings, claiming all the while that such a law was necessary to protect the laboring classes. After having agitated and canvassed the canton they claimed that over five thousand voters called for this law. By this means the legislative body of the canton was led to act on the question. A Sunday law was framed and submitted to popular vote. The astonishing result was that the law was rejected by a sweeping majority, there being but some two thousand votes in favor of it,Šleas than half claimed by the ministers. Thus, when permitted to speak for themselves, the laboring classes showed that they not only had no desire for a Sunday law, but were actually op-posed to it. But the preachers thinking that the people are not sufficiently enlight-ened in the matter are diligently instruct-ing them, and are thus trying to work up a sentiment in favor of Sunday laws that will carry. What has taken place in the canton of 