AMERICAN SENTINEL. 227 mount preaches the principle of non resistance which the state cannot adopt, for one of its functions is to punish the hand that strikes and the thief who has taken the outer garment." An Old Man's Contemplation. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. I'm growing old, my sight is dim, my memory doth fail To bring to mind the good old times, in every small detail. But yet, there's one thing that can ne'er my recollection slip, 'Though tempests fierce have well nigh sunk my weather-beaten ship. Our old-time preachers used to talk of Jesus and his love, Nor did they fear all kinds of vice to manfully reprove : The cross was their attraction every erring soul to win, Since well they knew the Spirit's power alone could cleanse from sin. We never thought in years gone by to ask the civil power To help our churches, rather we made God our strength and tower: Believing He could best convert the sinner from his way, We were content to let the Lord bring in those gone astray. But to convert the people now strange methods are em-ployed, And some, the much prized privilege which we have long enjoyed, Would violate, and under foot would tread the rights of man, To execute what they would call their glorious God given plan. The one great message preached to-day from pulpits one and all, Is to seek legislative powers, to force both great and small To become Christians, and if some to this will not con-sent, Why whips and stocksŠRome's weapons oldŠmust help them to assent. The National Reformers too have aspirations great, Since they, into a paradise our nation would translate: So they petition Congress with an ill directed zeal, To decide that all are Christians, though made against their will. To me these methods all seem strange, I cannot under-stand The deep designs these "reverends" have within their wise heads planned. But then, I am old-fashioned, I suppose behind the times: And my music too discordant to mix with modern chimes. But still I'm half inclined to think the ancient way is best,Š To convert the individuals; they'll then show interest In seeking other souls to gain, by methods all divine, Their weaponsŠlove, nor can they e'er on government recline. Avaunt ye vile usurpers of man's rights, divinely given,. Would ye by human laws attempt to annul the laws of heaven? Do ye profess to daily learn within the Saviour's school?' Strive then to practice in your lives his glorious Golden, Rule. By human statutes ye can ne'er regenerate our land, The Spirit's sword alone should ye wield with a mighty hand. Would ye be faithful to your Lord? place politics aside And seek the heavenly POWER to preachŠChrist Jesus.  crucified. Republica Argentina. IN a paper treating on the subject of privateering, written in 1812, Thomas Jefferson made this st atement of the nature of war:Š "What is war? It is simply a contest between nations as to which can do the most harm to the other. Who-carries on the war? Armies and navies that are made up of individuals. How is a battle gained? By the death of individuals. What produces peace? The distress of individuals occasioned by the conduct of war." - This is true, and this is what war will be to day when, it comes. The worst suffering and distress occasioned by war is not felt by those in the field, but by the people at home. Why the People Want War? IT seems clear enough that the great majority of the-people want war with Spain, but there is evidently a con- siderable diversity of sentiment among them as regards the reason why war should be declared. The New York Christian Advocate comments upon this fact and gives a.  number of illustrations, which are worth considering by sober-minded and peace-loving people. The Advocate says:Š "There have been some remarkable conversations of late. One citizen of good standing was heard to say to another, 'The government must interfere, or it will not succeed in the next election; prosperity lags; any govern-ment that starts a war is bound to be supported; that issue takes precedence of everything else; it has always been so in this country; it has been so in other countries; it always will be so.' Yes,' said his friend, 'and for that reason we free silver men have got to shout for war.' "This explains the unanimity. 'Do you not remem-ber,' said the first, 'what a mad race both parties ran after Cleveland issued his threat respecting Venezuela? Hardly a man dared to lift up his voice in Congress for some weeks, and it was clear as the nose on your face that party competition produced some of that unanimity.' "Another conversation was on this wise: 'We want war; war makes business; thousands of people will be better off very soon if we have war.' How is that?' said his companion. 'Every man that leaves any kind of bu-siness to go to war makes a place for another. A great-deal of work has to be done in the shipyards now, and 