xŁŁ Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł \ \ \"),4\‚& '\Ł.\\` PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY T}U PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING ',loam, OAKLAND, CAL J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. Jorms, J. H. WAGGONER, CORRESPONDING EDITOR. EDITORS. "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 2. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER, 1887. NUMBER 12, T An2eFical2 Bertii2el. Entered at the Past-office in Oakland. WE have rio sympathy with the land theo-ries of Henry George and Dr. McGlynn, but with the following propositions which the Doctor presents in the August number of the North American Review, we heartily agree :Š "Only common schools and common char-ities should be supported by the common treasury. " The doctrine of equal taxation should be applied to all corporations, civil and religious, without exemption in favor of any church, charity, or school, or, in a word, of any insti-tution that is not the property of the people, and controlled for some public and common use by public officials." concerning this doctrine, the Independent makes the following just, comment "It is the only doctrine that is consistent with justice to all the people, or with the fun-damental principles upon which government is organized in this country. If religious seas, whether Catholic or Protestant, choose to establish a system of parochial schools,' for the purpose of teaching therein their pecul-iar religious tenets in connection with secu-lar education, then let them do so at their own ,charges; but let not a dollar of the public money, raised by taxation, either directly or indirectly, be used for the support of these schools. It is enough for the general public to pay the expenses of the public schools or-ganized by the State, without being saddled with those, of private schools for religious propagandism. So, also, in the matter of taxation, there is no good reason why a relig-ious, corporation, owning private property which it controls for its own uses, and which is protected by civil society, should be exempt from taxation any more than a bank or rail-way corporation. Such exemption necessi-tates a heavier rate of taxation upon other property that is taxed ; and -it compels 'the people,by law to contribute to the support of churches, and that, too, as really as if an annual appropriation of public funds were made fOr this purpose. The exemption is un-just on both grounds. Taxation, in order to be equal, should as nearly as possible apply to all private property." It is especially refreshing at thiS time when -National Deform sophistry is clouding the perception of so many men in public posi-tions, to hear this clear utterance froth so in- fluential a journal as the Independent. It will 'be a pod thing to quote ,when the Independent el:maw out on-the _other side. \ An Examination of Principles. THE COlUIIIHS Of the AMERICAN SENTINEL have often contained quotations from the speeches and writings of National Reformers, which have thrown light upon the aims of the National Reform Association. Although none of the statements quoted, some of which are very damaging to the claim for innocence and piety which the Association makes, have been disavowed by the organs of that Associ2  ation, it is possible that some may think that the persons giving utterance to them are not qualified to speak for the Association. Ac-cordingly we have concluded to go to the fountain-head of authority, and set before our readers just what National Reform, so-. called, is, as set forth in its own constitution. Following is the preamble :Š "Believing that Almighty God is the source of all power and authority in civil govern-ment, that the Lord Jesus Christ is the Ruler of Nations, and that the revealed Will of God is of Supreme authority in civil affairs; "Remembering that this country was set-tled by Christian men with Christian ends in view, and that they gave a distinctly Christian character to the institutions which they estab. lished ; "Perceiving the subtle and persevering at-tempts which are made to prohibit the read-ing of the Bible in our Public Schools, to overthrow our Sabbath laws, to corrupt the Filthily, to abolish the Oath, Prayer in our' National and State Legislatures, Days of Fast-ing and Thanksgiving and other Christian features of our institutions, and so to divorce the American Government from all connec-tion with the Christian religion; " Viewing with grave apprehension the cor-ruption of our politics, the legal sanction of the Liquor Traffic, and the disregard of moral and religious character in those who are ex-alted to high places in the nation ; "Believing that a written Constitution ought to contain explicit evidence of the Christian character and purpose of the nation which frames it, and perceiving that the silence of the Constitution of the United States in this respect is used as an argument against all that is Christian in the usage and administration of our Government; "We, citizens of the United States, do asso-ciate ourselves," etc. The object of the Association is given in the second article of the Constitution as fol- lows :Š " The object of this Society shall be to main-tain existing Christian features in the Amer-ican Government; to promote needed Reforms in the aciion of the Government; touching the Sabbath, the institution of the Family, the religious element in Education, the Oath, and. Public Morality as affected by the Liquor Tralfi6 and other kindred evils; and to secure  such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the Nation's al-legiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legel basis in the fundamental law of the land." This preamble and constitution stands in every issue of the Statesman, and is the docu-ment to which National Reformers point with pride as showing the justness of the work in which they are engaged. We propose to ex-amine these articles in detail:- 1. The first statement, namely, "that Al-mighty God is the source of all power and authority in civil government," may be true or false according as it is interpretQd. If it be interpreted to mean that God has ordained that there be civil government among men, or that he himself exercises overruling power, or, as Daniel says, " removeth kings and set-teth up kings," we accept it as true. But if it be interpreted to mean that all civil author-ity comes direct from God, and that he him-self directs and controls civil government, then it is manifestly untrue. Every nation on the earth has a civil government, but there is no nation on earth of which God is direct ruler, nor has there been any such nation since the children of Israel rejected God by choosing a king for themselves. It is a fact, as Paul says, that "the powers that be are or-dained of God; " but it should be remem-, bered that this does not mean that they are necessarily ordained as God's deputies in the moral government of the world, but that it means simply that government in general is in accordance with God's design. Proof, of this is found in the fact that when Paul wrote these words, pagan Rome was mistress of the world, and the Emperor Nero, who represented that greatest of all earthly Governments, was the very embodiment, of wickedness and cru-elty. Yet even the Roman Empire governed by the infamous Nero, was better than anarchy. If it were true that God is the civil gov-ernor of this world, then there would be only one form of government. But the statement that "the powers that be are ordained of God " is universally true. It is as true of the Government of England as of that of the United States, and of the Government of Ger-many and Russia as of that of either of the other countries. All civil authority comes from God; that is,' neither emperors, kings, presidents, or councils would have any author-ity to execute penalty upon the evil-doer, if God had not ordained that civil government 