TFIV AMV,RiICAN S.ENTINVL. 01.  z- National Righteousness. TIiERE is'iio theory so unsound, no argu-anent so ritterlY baseless, as the one which declares that national righteousness can be acquired by a State religion, either in name or in fact. Whether it is "putting God into the Constitution," or putting the Church into the State, or in any way con-necting the two, it is equally false. Yet. such a theory is advanced, under various guises, by many well-meaning persons. They say that by connecting religion with the State it tends to make the State more.  Christian; that is, more jug and gentle, more merciful and peaceful. Now we WiSh to: show how entirely condemned is this false principle by its own actual experience., For instance, in England we unfortu-nately haire a direct union of Church and State.' By thiS union religion is repre-sented in the Government. The bishops of the Established Church have a seat in the House of Lords. It is fair to assume that these Men areŠmost certainly should beŠthe most learned of all the clerical order, and are esteemed as the most devout and the most Christian. Being thus in the Legislature they are in a position of vast -influence; and we might expect, if the underlying' principle were true, that, this influence :would do much in making the State Inere,righteous. But, alas, what do we actually find ?t We find that this vast influence has invariably been used on the side of wrong; and that the Church, in-stead of making the State better, has by the union been the means of making it more barbarous and devilish. We find by examining the votes of these unfortunate tpis14 that they have steadily opposed those reforms which to-day are looked upon ns most necessary and Christian. For example, ,about a century ago our criminal code was most wicked and cruel. Men,and boys were hanged .for such petty larcenies as are now punished by a few days' imprisonment. During the reigns of the. Georges there were added 156 new crimes to which the death penalty was attached: In 1810 a bill was introduced into the House of Lords to the effect that persons should not be killed "for the crime of stealing. property to the amount of five shillings" ($1.25). This bill was rejected, and an archbishop and six bishops voted it clown. Then we find the Church against the abolition of the slave trade. It was opposed: to the education .of the poor when that question was first agitated. It was against Parliamentary Reform; against Catholic Emancipation; and when the British and Foreign Bible Society was formed, it was against that.; In fact, it is hard to find any salutary reform which it did ,not oppose 'by its representatives in the House of Lords. Then, again, on the other hand, when the State has done wrong. the' Church has either been dumb or else egged it on.  Going back to the last century, we find it was these bishops and clergy who, in the words of a leading statesman, "hounded on George III. and Lord North in their stupid and unrighteous resistance to the claim of our American colonies to honest representation and fair taxation." The bishops earnestly supported every measure for carrying on the American war. When Europe was horrified at the wanton greed of gain and at the hypocrisy shown by Christian England in forcing opium on China at the cannon's mouth, no word of remonstranceŠnot a grunt of disapproval Šcame from this bench of bishops. And in all our dreadful foreign policy, in all the incessant and unnecessary wars that England has waged in all parts of the world, this great influence of the Church has not been used to check or to condemn a policy so fearful. The bishops have too often fanned the fierce desire for blood-shed instead of pointing to a more excel-lent way. Thus we see that by actual test the Church has failedŠmost miserably failed to make the State more righteous by being united to it. When it has used its influence, it has invariably done so on the side of wrong. When the State has endeavored to reform, the Church has opposed it; but when the State has done wrong then the Church has either remained dumb or else most valiantly cheered it on. And wherein lies the fault, not that the bishops were sin-ners above all other men, but the fault lies in the principle which declares that the Church can make the State more righteous by being united to it when as a matter of fact the Church, by such a union, becomes the bond-slave of the State. " History repeats itself." The moral of this is; let the clergy of any country in-sinuate themselves into Government affairs and their influence will prove a curse to that Government. Allow certain religionists to shape the Government and Constitution of America to their liking, a condition of things will then be produced similar to the palmy days of the Papacy. FRANK HOPE. London, England. Letter from Salt Lake City. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL : There is such a general interest in the recent " Liberal " or " Gentile " victory in this city, that it may not be out of place to ad-dress a few words to your valuable paper on that subject. The writer had the privi-lege of seeing the entire campaign and at-tending the ward meetings, grand rallies, and parades of both parties, and he faith-fully improved the opportunity. In this campaign, so long and fiercely contested, all old party lines were laid aside and the two factions assumed the names of the " People's Party " and the " Liberals." The former embraced the faithful of the Mormon Church, irrespective of race, edu- cation, or previous political persuasion. The latter embraced all dissenting classes. The wealthy merchant and the poor boot-black trudged side by side through the mud and rain ; the Democrat and the Re-publican helped to bear the " Liberal " banner; the native-born but apostate son of Utah, and the adventurer, had but one emblemŠthe carpet-bag. The East, the West, the North, the South, all aided in the fight and rejoiced in the victory. The naturalized citizens seemed to be moved by the same spirit, and as the vast proces-sion passed one would often see the Ger-man carrying a torch, and the Scandina-vian bearing the motto. The political speakers were character-istic of the two parties. The " People's Party " meetings were addressed by the " apostles," " prophets," and " elders," only they were always introduced as Mr. These meeting were not religious ; they were civil and political, but it was often hard to see the distinction between "Apos-tle " A's sermon in the Tabernacle on Sun-day, and " Mr." A's political speech on Monday. Yet, like the National Reform Sunday, you must call it civil because that is its name. The " Liberal " speakers, on the other hand, were from all classes except the " Saints." To say that they were all good men and actuated by noble motives is to affirm more than could be expected. The tickets presented by the parties will bear the closest study. While the " Liberal " ticket, like the party, was of all classes, good, bad, and indifferent, ir-respective of race, nativity, - or religious belief, the " People's " ticket contained only the names of those who were mem-bers of the " Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints." . True, the tickets were formed in open convention by dele-gates from the various precincts. Yet the careful observer noted the fact that although no one pretended to know who would be nominated by the "Liberals," a daily paper published the " People's " ticket twenty-four hours before the caucus convened. It was no mere guess-work. Every man was named for his respective office, and when the delegates assembled to form the tickets the nominations were ten-dered to the very men named. One gen-tleman, however, declined and another name was put in his place. It is not just to say that these delegates intentionally betrayed their sacred trust. The fault is in the system. These men, many of them of unquestioned integrity, believed, with the National Reformers, that " the kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gate-way of politics," and they embraced the oppor-tunity of carrying their belief into prac-tice. The result is, they have a theocracy with an infallible (9) man at its head, and the Church dictates every political move even while she denies any connection with the State. 