198 THE AMERICAN :SENTINEL,. of the day, and the dangers of making it a holiday. His emphatic declaration was : " Take. religion out of the Sabbath, and it becomes only a foot-ball." He said :Š It is deserving of notice that those who ask that the people should have a holiday, never think of asking that Wednesday should be set apart for that holiday. No; they ask for the Sabbath, for it is thought to be safer to rob God than to rob men. We had noticed the fact ourselves, that when the specious pretext of a civil Sab-bath for the workingman's physical benefit was being held up for the admiration of the public, it was always Sunday, never Wednesday, or any other day but Sun-day. Now we have the admission of one of the Sunday-law champions, and an able one, too, that they mean to enforce the religious observance of the day,Šthe civil feature was only the sugar coating. There was one good suggestion the speaker uttered, which we think applies quite aptly to the movement he is advocating, namely, that " great evils are often, if not always, insidiously developed." This Sunday-law evil is coming to the front in just that way.ŠSigns of the Times. Religion and the State.ŠNo. 1. THE present tendency, in various coun-tries, is to form a closer relation between civil government and religion. The principal reason assigned for this by those who favor the movement is that the constant increase of crime demands a moral remedy to be administered by the civil laws of the commonwealth. This movement generally manifests itself in two ways, namely, in the demand for stricter Sunday laws, and the reading of the Bible in the public schools. In seeking to enact strict Sunday laws, the promoters of the movement deny any wish to change in the least the present re-lation of the Church to the State. Indeed, they unanimously assert that, while it is within the province of the State to guard public morals and promote the interests of the Church, the two departments should forever be kept separate. But, to justify the State in enacting Sunday laws, they declare that to maintain a Sunday rest, is only to insure order and peace in the community, for which it is the duty of every commonweath to provide. Thus, Sunday laws are made to appear as civil or police regulations, and as though they were in no way calculated to interfere with a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God, and as in no sense religious enactments. The same theory maintains that the Bible in the schools is necessary in order that children, who.  are prospective citizens of the commonwealth and therefore the wards of the State, may be educated in morals, without which they cannot prop-erly discharge the responsibilities of citi-zenship soon to be laid upon them. This point is emphasized by the fact that many children have no moral training at home,  and, not being required to attend church, they are, therefore, abandoned to the lia-bility of developing into criminals unless the State steps in to counteract this tend-ency, through the public schools. It certainly is to be regretted, that some children are not trained in virtue and morality, either at home or in the church. Could all have the benefit of a proper religious training from infancy, it would undoubtedly be a safeguard against crime, as well as a stimulus to high attainments in citizenship. But, does it follow that because the Church and the home are unfaithful in the discharge of religious duties, the State should assume their prerogatives, and, in addition to its civil duties, attempt the teaching of religious doctrines ? Doubtless' some are ready to answer this question at once in the affirmative. But there are some principles, underlying this whole matter, which it is well to con-sider, before drawing a final conclusion. Every man has certain natural rights which must necessarily accompany his ex-istence. If man were the creature of a civil government, the same power by which that government could create its subjects, would enable it to create the rights of its subjects. But man, being God's creature, existed long before any civil government, and, of course, his rights also antedato all such governments. On the other hand, civil government is the creature of man, and was created by him, for a single purpose, that of protecting his previously existing rights, given him by his Creator. Civil government, therefore, having no power to bestow these rights, can properly have no authority to infringe them. The only province of civil government, is to protect rights already possessed, and no matter how infinitesimal a man's rights may be, it is the duty of civil government to protect those rights against any en-croachment. For any government to go beyond this, and assume to override or restrict man's God-given rights, is to usurp an authority which belongs only to the Creator of man and his rights. J. 0. CORMS& WE do not vouch for the statement, but it is said that " a saloon man has been found in Washington who closes, his place with prayer. His application for renewal of license having been rejected on the ground that his place bore a bad name, he appeared before the commissioner in his own behalf. In reply to the question, ' Do you shut up promptly at midnight ?' he answered: When ten minutes to twelve comes, I kneel down, say my prayers, and shut up." Prayer:under such conditions would be just about as much of a farce as is the labeling of governments and corporations, Christian, when every-body knows that they are nothing of the kind, and when in the very nature of the case they cannot be Christian. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in stipporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the ,right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-ostimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. Ł OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, HICAGO. IN Arkansas, State Secretary D. Net-tleton has been doing some very effective work for the Association in the distribu-tion of Religious Liberty literature. It is expected that at the session of the Legisla-ture, the coming winter, another effort will be made to increase the stringency of the Sunday laws in that State. IN an editorial on the " True Basis of Sabbath Laws," in its issue of May 29, the Christian Statesman unintentionally draws a comparison which does indeed show conclusively the true basis of civil laws for the observance of Sunday, as it existed in the mind of the writer. The article says :Š The principle of Judaism would make the sev-enth day of the week our civil Sabbath. The prin-ciple of Mohammedanism would make the sixth day our civil day of rest. But our law has no such connection with Judaism or Mohammedanism. It has a connection however with Christianity. Judaism would make the seventh day, Mohammedanism the sixth day, and Christianity the first day, our civil Sab-bath. By this collocation the authority of the three is equal and similar, each in its own sphere. Nothing more is required to show the falsity of this position than to ask whether the authority of Christianity, or Judaism rests upon the same basis as Mohammed-anism, and whether Judaism enforced the observance of the Sabbath by the same authority from which .Mohammedanism derives its right to enforce its rest day, and whether true Christianity bears the same relation to Judaism, which Moham-medanism does to Judaism ? No religion enforced by, and observed in obedience to, a civil statute can be anything else than a man-made religion. Mohammedanism is a man-made religion, and the legal Christianity proposed by the Statesman would be no better, for it would be liable to all manner of human perver- sions and corruptions. w. H. M. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKER, President. Secretary. 