SEPTEMBER 27, 1894. A101 1E11131,' C_A.NT f:7-; N-'117` 299 dared that certain things must not be clone on that day. Mr. Capps did one of those things, and thereby violated the laW. Whether the law is good or bad, or whether Mr. Capps' convictions or conscience may be right, are not questions to be considered. The simple fact is that he deliberately violated a plain law of the State, of long standing, and which expresses the will of a large majority of the people, and he could not reasonably expect anything else than to pay the pen-alty of such violation. As a part of our comment we introduce the following quotation from the Baptist Examiner, of this city, which is an effort to convert another Baptist organ to the scriptural and time-honored Baptist prin-ciple of religious liberty :Š We did not expect that any Baptist would defend the prosecution of otherwise inoffensive Christians for labor on the first day of the week that disturbs nobody else. The Baptist and Reflector, of Nashville, how-ever, undertakes to justify this persecution in the State of Tennessee, which is similar to the cases that have recently occurred in Maryland and Georgia. It would have been easy, by the use of similar arguments, for those who persecuted Baptists in the past, to have justified their conduct and policy. If there is any body. of Christians that has solemnly and stoutly pro-tested against such persecution, no matter who were its victims or its authors, it is the Baptists. We have never before seen an attempt at justification of religious persecution in the Baptist Church newspaper. We hope never to see one again. And now to show how " easy " it would have been for the persecutors of Baptists to have justified themselves "by the use or similar arguments" we will put the " arguments ' of the Alabama Baptist into the mouth of Massachusetts Puritans and address them to Elder Holmes and other Baptist victims. The people of this colony, like those of other colonies, by statute law recognized sprinkling as God's holy mode of baptism, and they declared that baptism by im-mersion or rebaptism must not be done. Mr. Holmes did both of these things, and thereby violated the law. Whether the law is good or bad, or whether Mr. Holmes' convictions or conscience may be right, are not questions to be considered. The simple fact is that he deliberately violated a plain law of the colony, of long stand-ing, and which expresses the plain will of a large majority of the people, and he could not reasonably expect anything else than to pay the penalty of such violation. We appeal to all Baptists. Aro the cases not parallel ? The penalty in the case of Elder Holmes was thirty pounds or thirty lashes. The penalty in the case of Mr. Capps was $68.65 or 280 days' im-prisonment. Elder Holmes conscien-tiously refused to pay the fine and was whipped. Mr. Capps conscientiously re-fused to pay the fine and was imprisoned. And the difference between Mr. Capps and the editor of the Alabama Bapist is that Mr. Capps is the legitimate successor of Elder Holmes in suffering for conscience' sake, and the editor of the Alabama Baptist, though claiming to be a Baptist, is a legitimate successor of Cotton Mather in defending the persecutors of a Seventh-day Adventist who is suffering for con-science' sake. Germany and the Jesuits. AS generally anticipated, the Prussian Federal Council has refused' to sanction the bill allowing the return of the Jesuits, which was passed by the Reichstag. But it allows some Catholic orders, like Re-demptorists and others, to return. This restoration costs the government a large amount withheld from the Catholic prel-ates and priests during the Kulturkwmpf, because they refused to accept the May or  Falck laws. The government has paid back to thorn nearly 14,000,000 marks, and over 2,000,000 marks to other higher Roman officials. These immense sums are now being used by the Roman Church in Germany for the support of their poor congregations, the erection of new churches, and the support of superan-nuated clergymen. These facts show what it costs the State to maintain religious establishments. The Romanists, however, will not cease their efforts to secure the return of the Jesuits, and as the Protestants are divided by dogmatic quarrels among themselves, it is feared that they will succeed. It would be an unspeakable humiliation i f Germany would again " go to Conossa,," notwithstanding Bismarck's famous dec-laration to the contrary.ŠThe Lutheran Observer. Did the Roman Catholic Church Ever Persecute? Donahoe's Magazine for September has an article in which it is denied that Rome ever persecuted. In answer to a question, " Why does not the Catholic Church pub- licly disavow and condemn all sorts of religious persecution " ? it, is replied:Š One good reason why the church does not do this is because she has never sanctioned or approved religious persecution of any kind. And of the Inquisition, this statement is made As to the Inquisition, every well-informed reader knows that whatever punishments were inflicted upon heretics during the time of its existence, were carried out by the civil, not by the ecclesiastical authorities. "As for the Roman court," says the Rev. James Kent Stone, a convert to Catholicity, who is now know as Father Fidelis, speaking on the subject of the Inqui-sition, " I am not aware that the smallest proof has ever been given that its procedings were other than mild and conservative." And, again the editor makes the state-ment that " Rome did nothing that calls for disavowal now." Likewise, Cardinal Gibbons, in his book, " The Faith of Our Fathers," says: " The Catholic Church has always been the zeal-ous promoter of civil and religious liberty." ŠPage 265. In one sense, and in one sense only, is the denial of persecution by the Roman Catholic Church true: It was the civil arm, that is, the State, that executed the penalty against heretics. But this is mak-ing a distinction without a difference, since it was the ecclesiastical authorities who instigated and insisted upon the persecu-tion. Iu 1229 the Council of Toulouse " passed forty-five articles, instructing the bishops to bind by an oath a priest in every par-ish, and two or more laymen, to search out and apprehend heretics and those who sheltered them. Heresy was to be pun-ished with the loss of property, and the house in which a heretic was found was to be burned. . . . Every two years, males from fourteen years upwards, and females from twelve years upwards, were obliged to repeat an oath to inform against heretics. The neglect of the annual con-fession was a sufficient ground for sus-picion, as was also the possession of the Scriptures, especially in translations. In spite of these measures and the rigorous execution of them, especially in Southern France, the desired result was not secured. The bishops wore accused of apathy, and were themselves made subjects of the In-quisition by the papal chair. In 1232 and 1233 Gregory IX. appointed the Domini-cans a standing commission of inquisitors in Austria, Germany, Aragon, Lombardy, and- in Southern France. At the same period was organized the so-called ' sol-diery of Jesus Christ against heretics.' . . . The suspicion of heresy was made a suffi-cient ground for apprehension ; and, by a bull of Innocent IV. in 1252, resort was had, if necessary, to torture, to extract a confession. "ŠSchaff-Herzog, art. Inquisi-tion. The " En cyclopclia Britannica," art. Inquisition, says:Š The germ of the Inquisition lies in the duty of searching out and correcting error entrusted to the deacons in the early churches. The promise in the Anglican Ordinal that the priest will be "ready with all. faithful diligence to banish and drive away all erroneous and strange doctrines contrary to God's Word" is a pale reflection of this ancient charge. The episcopacy thus providing the instruments, the temporal power soon offered to enforce the sentences of the church: the edicts of Constantine and his suc-cessors now began that double system which, by ordaining that heretics should be dealt with by the secular arm, enabled the church to achieVe her object without dipping her own hands in blood, As before remarked, it is in this sense and in this sense only, that the Roman Catholic Church can, by any possibility, claim that she never persecuted. But no student of history will be deceived by such sophistry. The Inquisitors were the agents of " the church." They were commissioned by the pope and acted for him. It was at the Council of Toulouse, in 1229, that the title of Inquisitor was first applied to the agents of the papacy. Prior to this time it was applied only to those who inquired into matters of taxa-tion. "But the thing itself," says the "Cyclopedia Britannica," Art. Inqui-sition, "was far older than the name." The same authority continues ; " In 1184 the Synod of Verona cursed all heretics and their sirelterers, ordered relapsed per-sons to be handed 'over to the secular arm for capital punishment, confiscated their property, and clearly indicated that the new Inquisition would go far beyond the older epiScopal function. The synod did not hesitate to threaten easy-going bishops, urging them to more frequent and more searching visitations, standing over them as a superior power. And henceforward Inquisition becomes more systematized, with papal not episcopal authority; it was developed by those three masterful pontiffs, Innocent III. (1198-1216), Greg-ory IX. (1227-1241), and Innocent IV. (1243-1254), who all, regarding the su-premacy of Rome as the keystone of soci-ety, claimed authority over men's souls and bodies, above the authority of prince or bishop. Thus, soon after his accession, Innocent III. sent two Cistercians, Guy and Regnier, to visit the dioceses of South-ern France and Spain, "to catch and kill the little foxes," the Waldensians, Cathari, and Patarines, to whose tails were fastened firebauds to burn up the good corn of the faithful." " In Italy," says the " Britannica," " the Inquisition was established under Domin-ican supervision as early as 1224. Inqui-sitors were at a later time brought into England to combat the Wickliffite opin-ions." Of the Inquisition in Spain, the same work says: "The motive of strictly religious fanaticism influenced, not the monarchs, but the Dominican instruments of the Holy Office; " and so persuaded by the minions of the pope, Ferdinand sent to Rome to solicit the establishment of such a tribunal. Sextus IV. granted the request in. 1478, and it was by this pope 