390 AMIEILZIL C.AN SI@N INTEILA. VoL. 10, No. 49. individual. The recognition of civil govern-ment as having anything to do with the law of God, is directly opposed to the idea of justification by faith. To lay down a rule or law requiring obedience to the law of God, with a penalty for disobedience, is to say to a man, " You could keep it if you would try; but you will not try, and so we will compel you to do it." This is putting man on an equality with God. Anything less than the life of God is sin, and therefore for any power to attempt to enforce any of the precepts of Christ is simply an attempt to compel people to sin, and to hold them in sin. THE AIM OF THE W. C. T. U. AS STATED BY A FRIEND. [Signs of the Times, Nov. 21, 1895.] WE have sometimes been thought uncharit-able because we have said that one of the great objects of the W. C. T. U. was to bring about a man-made theocracy, a union of Church and State, not in the sense of any particular church, but in the sense that religious organiza-tions would control legislation, pervert it to selfish ends, etc. In proof of this we have quoted extracts like the following, declared in the Union's national convention of 1887:Š The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, state, national, and world-wide, has ONE vital, organic thought, ONE all-absorbing purpose, ONE undying enthu-siasm, and that is that CHRIST SHALL BE THIS WORLD'S RING; yea, verily, THIS WORLD'S KING in its realm of cause and effect,Šking of its courts, its camps, its com-merce, Šking of its colleges and cloisters,Šking of its customs and constitutions. . . . THE KINGDOM OF CHRIST MUST ENTER THE REALM OF LAW THROUGH THE GATEWAY OF POLITICS. If this does not mean union of church and state in its broadest sense, we do not know what language can express it. The New York Voice of November 7 has an article on "The W. C. T. U. and Its Critics," in which it de-fends the Union against the charges of incon-sistency with reference to union with other reform parties. The most of this editorial is immaterial to the point we are discussing, but the closing paragraph is peculiarly to the point. The Voice says :Š But the truth is, most of the criticisms of the W. C. T. U., both now and heretofore, proceed on the assumption that the union has but one object, namely, prohibition. The W. C. T. U. holds no less firmly to that object than it did at the start; but it has broader aims to-day than it had at first. It has been growing and developing, lo! these many years; and to day its purpose, whatever may have been the case at first, is not included in the one word prohibition. The pur-pose now, as we view it, may be broadly stated as the application of the laws of God to political affairs; to carry the standards of morality and religion into national life; to bring about, not a union of church and state, but a harmony between them, and to make the acts of the citizen conform to his acts as a Christian. The only way to keep harmony between Church and State is to keep them, in the words of U. S. Grant, " forever separate." But the aim of the W. C. T. U. will result in the strongest union of the two, which will form the weakness and ruin of both. Union Means Ruin and Death. There are certain foods, both nutritious and palatable when eaten separately, but which form an unwholesome and loathsome dish when mixed together. There are certain chem-icals which alone are harmless and useful, but which combined form powerful explosives or poisons. So it is with Church and State. Each is of divine origin, yet both came in con-sequence of sin. The church is the body of Christ, and designed to be his means of gather-ing out from the world of sin those who desire the eternal salvation to be found in him. Its source of power, strength, life, wisdom, and  authority are all direct from Christ. In the world, it is not of the world. The civil power, or the state, is ordained of God to protect the rights of all irrespective of class or religious belief. It came in as a consequence of sin, to protect the weak and to punish the uncivil. Each (church or state) has its appointed place in the divine plan. Separated, they will always be blessings, but united they form a virulent poison in the body politic, and mine deadly explosives underneath the dearest and most sacred rights of the people. Strange that the great masses of the people can hot see this in our land to-day. The blindness of death seems to be upon the people. They do not know; hence the work of destruction goes on in our own land. The Jews and powers of earth in Christ's time did not know, "for had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory." "It is high time to awake." THE ADVENTIST'S TRIAL. [Clay County (Ill.) Advocate, Nov. 29.] THE case of the People vs. Ross Foll, John Foll, George Dunlap, J. C. Schnell, and Charles Schnell was called Thursday morning at Olney. It was a test case, Ross Foll being the defendant, the others being bound. The selection of a jury was not an easy matter, as it took nearly three hours to impanel it. It was made up of the following sects: Metho-dist 1, Christian 2, Baptist 1, Catholic 1, German Reformed 2, United Brethren 1, non-professors 4. H. G. Morris, attorney for State, and Hon. R. N. McCaulay, of Olney, and Judge G. A. Hoff, of Flora, for the defendants. The case was tried under the Sunday stat-ute, Criminal Code, par. 317, sec. 216, chap. 38, which reads as follows:Š Whoever disturbs the peace and good order of soci-ety by labor (works of necessity and charity excepted) or by any amusement or diversion on Sunday, shall be fined not exceeding $25. This section shall not be construed to prevent watermen and railroad com-panies from landing their passengers, or watermen from loading or unloading their cargoes, or ferrymen from carrying over the water travelers and persons moving their families, on the first day of the week, nor to prevent the due exercise of the rights of con-science by whomever thinks proper to keep any other day as a sabbath. THE PROSECUTION. The prosecution produced evidence claiming that the minds of the witnesses were disturbed by seeing defendant plowing on Sunday, July 28. He claims to have been disturbed by the defendant talking to the team. He is not a member of any church. He also admitted that the defendant was of good moral charac-ter. He denied on cross-examination that he was guilty of making a bee-hive on the same date and " was not at home after 9 o'clock that morning." The second witness had substantially the same yarn to spin. He also belongs to no church. The third witness was a woman, and her only complaint seemed to be that she hated to see a good man like the defendant work on Sunday. The fourth witness allowed her prejudice to get the better of her in the following tirade: " Those that were good Christians before the 'cranks' came are now cranks,' and violating the laws of God, the State of Illinois, and the Constitution of the United States. I want to raise my children [she has none at the present time, so it is said] in the proper manner." Her conscience hurt her so at the sight of a nice boy working on Sunday that she has not been able to sleep since. THE DEFENSE. The defense then placed Ross Foll on the stand, and he admitted that he worked six days (including Sunday) and rested on the Sabbath (Saturday) according to the com-mandment. He believes in the teachings of the Seventh-day Adventists. The second witness testified that he assisted the prosecuting witness in making a bee-hive on the same Sunday. (The prosecuting wit-ness denied this charge in his examination.) The third witness testified that he knew the defendant to be a quiet Christian boy and his character above reproach. The fourth witness lives on the same farm as the defendant, was with him on the sabbath in question, but did not hear the noises which the prosecution claim. The attorneys on each side consumed fifty minutes each in citing the law and reviewing the testimony to the jury, and after five hours deliberation they returned a verdict of guilty, fining defendant $1. The case will be taken to the higher court. WRESTING THE SCRIPTURES. OUR attention was recently called to an illustrated book for children, in which was related the story of some of the works of mercy done by our Lord on the " Sabbath;" and in this connection the names " Sabbath" and " Sunday" are used interchangeably, with at least the seeming purpose to lead the children to believe that Sunday is the Sab-bath, and that the Saviour so regarded it. This is nothing short of a wicked wresting of the Scriptures. Such writers should heed the injunction, " Lie not against the truth." Sunday is not the Sabbath, and never was, and to substitute that name for " Sabbath," and to tell how " Christ healed on Sunday because it is lawful to do well on the Sab-bath," cannot be too strongly condemned. The child so instructed is apt to sustain a rude shock when he learns, as he must sooner or later, how his credulity has been imposed upon; and to say the least, his confidence in his religious instructors is destroyed and his faith in the Scriptures weakened in a like degree. Sunday is a false sabbath and it ought to have a monopoly of false support. But we are sorry to say that it has not, for some peo-ple, in their zeal for the true Sabbath, sus-tained as it is by a " Thus saith the Lord," many times repeated, resort to methods and " arguments " no better than that instanced as used in behalf of Sunday. One of these more than doubtful "arguments " is the effort to show that Christ did not rise from the dead on the first day of the week; just as though it made any difference. Another even more objectionable attempt to steady the ark of divine truth, came under our notice recently; it is nothing less than an effort to prove by bringing together the 4th and 11th verses of the 18th chapter of Acts, that Paul held seventy-eight Sabbath meetings at Corinth! Even a child who would take the trouble to read from the 4th to the 11th verses inclusive ought to know better. The Sabbath, resting as it does upon the immuta-ble word of God, needs no such " support." It is doubtful if the Apostle Paul spent the entire " year and six months" of Acts 18: 11 in the city of Corinth. One writer says:Š It is recorded that Paul labored a year and six months in Corinth. His efforts, however, were not exclusively confined to that city, but he availed himself of the easy communication by land and water with adjacent cities, and labored among them both by letter and personal effort. He made Corinth his headquarters, 