,1:011111 j$ ,11,111,111 1)1111( .11111hil 11 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.--Thomas yeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 29, 1891. NUMBER 42. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHES WEEKLY, BY THZ PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND Sr., Nsw YOWL Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. Joras. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MoKEE. No man can ever of right make his re-ligion the basis of any plea for govern-mental favor, nor the ground of any com-plaint of governmental discrimination. If there is not enough good in the religion to pay him for professing it then there is not enough to pay the government for taking any legal notice of it in any way whatever. SUNDAY laws, and the whole line of re-ligious legislation which goes in the same category, are alien to the letter of .Amer-ican fundamental law, and to the spirit of American institutions. They are a sur-vival of the English Church Establish-ment, and should have existed, after the Declaration of Independence and the adop-tion of the Constitution, no more than the laws governing the control of livings, and the maintenance of the Church of Eng-land. They have rightly no more place in our statutes, than law for the regula-tion of the royal succession. THE series of religious congresses which have been planned to be held during the World's Fair in Chicago will, if carried out as projected, be the most widespread in its immediate influence of any religious effort ever inaugurated by man. In the enumeration of the different religious in-terests to be subserved by these meetings is mentioned that of making " prominent the value of the weekly rest day on reli-gious and other grounds ;" and the Chris-tian Statesman, in commenting upon this, says that "the most impressive lesson as  to the influence and the value of religion would be the closing of the Exposition it-self on the Sabbath." The fact is that the enforced closing which is here meant would prove just the contrary, namely, that the " influence and value of religion " had been insufficient to cause the exhibit-ors and sight-seers to observe a religious rest day. And the very fact that the hand of the law had been called in to en-force a religious idea would prove to the world the absence of true religion and con-scientious principle. The Divine Right of Dissent. IN the extracts which have so far been given from Judge Hammond's dictum upon the subject of freedom of religious belief, there has been no recognition what-ever, of the right of the individual to dif-fer from the majority in any question of religious belief or observance; no recogni-tion whatever of any right of the individ-ual to think for himself religiously, to be-lieve according to convictions of his own conscience, or to worship according to his belief ; if in such things he disagrees with the religious ideas of the majority, or dissents from the religious observances practiced by the majority. There is no recognition of any right of dissent. Nor have the extracts which we have presented been selected for the purpose of making this feature especially prominent. Indeed, no such thing is necessary, be-cause this is the prominent feature of the whole discussion. There is no recognition of any such thing in the whole course of the Judge's opinion. And the source from which this discussion comes, will justify us in presenting further extracts, showing that such is the nature of the discussion throughout. This characteristic of the discussion is made the more prominent too, by the fact that the Judge holds constantly that Sun-day is a religious institution, and its ob-servance is essentially religious observ-ance. 1e gives no countenance whatever  to the pretense that has recently been made considerable of by the Sunday-law advocates, that it is " the economical value of the day of rest, and not the re-ligious character which they would pre-serve by civil law." His statement as to the nature of Sunday observance is as fol-lows :Š Sunday observance is so essentially a part of that religion, (" the religion of Jesus Christ ") that it is impossible to rid our laws of it. This again utterly ignores the fact that according to American principles, as de-clared both in the Constitution of Tennes-see and the United States Constitution, religious observance can never rightly be made a part of the laws, nor any religion recognized by the laws. The supreme law of the United States declares in so many words, that "the Government of the United States is not in any sense founded upon the Christian religion." And the Supreme Court of Tennessee declares that "no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." Further, this statement, just as far as it is possible for Judge Hammond's au-thority to go, sanctions that act by which he himself declares that the observers of Sunday have not only secured the aid of the civil law but continue to hold it in spite of every demand for religious free-dom, and in spite of the progress which has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State. The Judge there-fore knows that Sunday legislation is religious legislation, and that the enforce-ment of Sunday observance is the enforce-ment of a religious observance. He knows, also, that this is contrary to the individual freedom of religious belief, and that it is contrary to the principle of ab-solute separation of Church and State; for he plainly says that this "sort of facti-tious advantage " which the observers of Sunday have secured in the control of the civil law is "in spite of the clamor for religious freedom, and in spite of the progress which has been made in the ab- 