er E AMEARICAN SENTINEL,. 195 L. J. Cox (not an Adventist), who testified as follows :Š Attorney-General. How near do you live to Mr. Lowry ? Mr. Cox. I suppose it is nearly a mile. Q. Do you live in the settlement down there in which members of his church live ? A. Yes, sir. Q. Have you seen Mr. Lowry engaged in his secular work on Sunday within twelve months be- fore January last ? A. I do not think I have. Q. Is it the habit and custom of that church, of this people, to labor on Sunday ? A. I think it is. The Court. You should inquire concerning the habit and custom of this particular defendant. Q. Does that create confusion and dissatisfac- tion among the people ? A. There has been some trouble. CROSS EXAMINATION. Mr. Lowry. Has it bothered you, Mr. Cox ? Mr. L. J, Cox. No, sir. Q. Are you disturbed ? A. I do not know that it disturbs me. RE-DIRECT. Attorney-General. Had you rather not see it? Mr. L. J. Cox. I can stand it. The Court. Attorney-General do you wish to argue the case ? Attorney-General. No, sir. DEFENDANT DECLINES TO TESTIFY. The Court. Mr. Lowry, do you wish 'to be sworn as a witness, or to plead your case ? If you want to testify, be sworn by the Clerk. Mr. Lowry, I do not wish to testify, but would like to make a statement. The Court. You can make a statement to the jury if you wish. STATEMENT OF W. S. LOWRY TO THE JURY. I would like to say to the jury, that, as has been stated, I am a Seventh-day Adventist. I observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. I read my Bible, and my convictions on the Bible are that the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath, which comes on Saturday. I observe that day the best I know how. Then I claim the God-given right to six-days' labor. I have a wife and four children, and it takes my labor on six days to make a living. I go about my labor quietly, do not make any unnecessary noise, but do my work as quietly as possible. It has been proved by the testimony of Mr. Cox, and Mr. Fitch, who live around me, that they were not disturbed. Here I am before the court to answer for this right that I claim as a Christian. I am a law-abiding citizen; believe we should obey the laws of the State; but whenever they conflict with my religious convictions and the Bible,. I stand and choose to serve the laws of my God rather than the laws of the State. I do not desire to cast .any reflection upon the State, nor the officers and authorities executing the law. I leave the case with you. ARGUMENT OF ATTORNEY-GENERAL J. W. LEWIS. I want to say, gentlemen of the jury, so far as Mr. Lowry's case is concerned, that we have a law that points out and recognizes a certain day as Sunday, and the Legislature of Tennessee has thrown around that day safeguards of protection. It says it shall be a misdemeanor for any man to follow his secular work on that day; and, so far as the laws of Tennessee are concerned, it is a viola-tion of that law when a man follows that work. It is not a matter of conviction as to whether he be-lieves that his Sunday, or his Saturday, is Sunday, or the Sabbath, as Mr. Lowry terms it. And while the Constitution guarantees unto him, and to every other citizen of this Republic, the right to keep Saturday if he sees proper, or to keep Monday if he prefer, or to keep any other day, if your Honor pleases, that he sees proper, and guarantees to him the right to work according to his own convictions and his own ideas of these things, that very same guarantee is given to you and to all the citizens of this commonwealth. And the American people by law, and the people of Tennessee by the laws, designate and point out a certain day as the Sab-bath, and they say that day shall be kept holy, and around it they throw the safeguards of law; and they say that no man shall work on that day, un-less it is a work that is necessary, a work that is absolutely necessary and can not be foregone. Now Mr. Lowry has not gone to pull an ox out of the ditch, or to put up a fence to keep stock Qut of his farm ; but he follows his every day avocations on Sunday. While the Constitution guarantees to him the right to keep Saturday, and protects him in his worship while engaged in that worship; and if in his church others should disturb him, he would have the same safeguards thrown around him, and  the same solemn protection given him in that wor-ship that you have in your own church, yet he must ,bow to the laws of the State of Tennessee; he must bow to the laws of this county ; he must bow to the laws that have been made and recognized and must be enforced by the courts of this country. And if he feels that it is his duty to keep Saturday, his Honor will charge that the law makes him desist from his secular work on Sunday. It is not a question of fact at all; it is only a question of law; because he does not dispute that he follows his every day avocations, but admits it ; he does not dispute that he follows the work on Sunday that he follows during the week, but admits it, and gives as an excuse that it is a conviction of his church belief. This is a question that has been decided by the higher courts of this country, that this people must respect and regard the laws of the State. It is that a man can not justify himself in the viola-tion of a State law by religious scruples, by reli-gious belief. It is a matter that I can not conceive how that a man who claims to be a peaceable, law-abiding citizen, can go on disregarding the day, openly, in the face of the law, openly, in the face of the protections that are thrown around the holy Sabbath as we believe it, and hold it, and protected by the laws of this State; and it is a question that I presume you gentlemen will not have any diffi-culty in coming to a decision upon. It is a question that has been decided by the courts, and whatever protection, whatever rights are guaranteed to a man in his own peculiar reli-gious beliefs, no law could be enacted that would say that a man who violated the Sabbath was not guilty. It is a day that we are taught to respect, and, as alluded to by Mr. Lowry here, the seventh day we should keep holy, and protect it with the laws of the State. While I regret that we have that class of people among us with that belief,Šnot that we have the people, Šwhile I regret that there is that difference, yet if they want to keep Saturday the law says they must keep Sunday; that is to say they must not violate the Sabbath laws; they must not follow their every day avocations on that day. It is to be regretted, because of the fact that so far as I know they are good citizens; yet it is a solemn duty that rests upon the jury, and rests upon the Court, and upon all the officers of the court, to see that this law is enforced. It is a duty that I take it the Court will do. So far as I am concerned it is a painful duty to me; nevertheless, it is a duty that I would not shun. I leave the matter with the court. CHARGE OF JUDGE SWIGGART TO THE JURY. Gentlemen of the jury: This indictment against the defendant, W. S. Lowry, charges him with the offense of committing a nuisance by openly, and publicly, and habitually following his daily avocations upon Sundays. It is charged that on the eighth of November, that day being Sun-day, and divers other Sundays before that date, and up to the taking of this inquisition, the de-fendant unlawfully openly, publicly, notoriously, and unnecessarily did engage in his secular business, and performed and followed his common avocations of life on Sunday, by working on his farm, plowing hoeing, chopping, hauling wood, mauling rails, and doing various and divers other kinds of work on Sunday; that this work was not necessary nor a matter of charity ; and that it was and is to the great annoyance and disturbance of the people, and an evil example to society, prejudicial to the morals of the people, and a public nuisance to the citizens. The defendant does not plead ; but the Court has entered the plea of not guilty. In order to return a verdict of guilty, the State must prove the guilt beyond a reasonable doubt, and that the offense was committed in Henry County, within twelve months before this indictment was returned by thd Grand Jury. It must appear from the proof beyond a reason-able doubt that this defendant did habituallyŠthat is, more than onceŠopenly and publicly perform his daily work, and did engage in his daily voca-tions by doing the work described in this indict-ment, or some portion of it; and that it was done in such an open and public way as to become a nuisance, that is, a disturbance to the community. If you find, gentlemen of the jury, these facts proven beyond a reasonable doubt, and that the offense occurred in Henry County, and within twelve months before this indictment was returned to the Grand Jury, you are to return a verdict of guilty. If these facts are not so proven beyond a reasonable doubt, you are to return a verdict of not guilty. It is not a question of religious belief or convic-tion at all, either one way or the other. So far as, and for the purposes of this case, and in the admin-istration of the laws of the State, it is not a matter of any importance, or to be considered by the Court or jury, as to whether Saturday or Sunday is the Sabbath of the Bible, or as to what the peculiar religious opinion of the defendant may be, or the  religious opinions of other people in the community. It is a question of observing Sunday as a civil insti-tution under the laws of the State. If you find this defendant is guilty of the acts, in the manner, and to the extent as charged, then it will be your duty to find him guilty, regardless of what may be his religious convictions upon the question of the Sabbath. It is the duty of every citizen to observe the laws of the State. It is a question for you to determine from the proof, as to whether he has been proven to be guilty. You are the judges of the facts and the circumstances. It is your duty to take the law as the Court charges you. You are to look to the manner and intelligence of the witnesses, whether they corroborate or contra-dict each other in their statements. Draw from your experience, from the knowledge of men, and from the affairs of men in construing the evidence. Give it a reasonable construction, with the view of arriving at the facts in the case. There is one other matter, if you find the defend-ant guilty, gentlemen of the jury, and should be of the opinion that his offense merits a fine of more than fifty dollars, it will be your duty to assess the fine at any sum that you consider proper under the facts of the case. If, however, you should be of the opinion that the penalty should be under fifty dollars, it is the business of the Court to assess the fine, and you would simply return a verdict of guilty. You may retire, gentlemen. After being out about ten minutes the jury returned a verdict of guilty. The Republican Platform and the National League. THE Republican National Committee was urged to adopt the proposed Sixteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, offered by the National League for the Protection of American In-stitutions, as a plank in the Republican platform. The memorial to the committee claims thatŠ this Amendment has been introduced into the Fifty-second Congress, in both Houses, and is substan-tially in accord with a similar one proposed in 1876 by President Grant; introduced by Mr. Blaine, passed in the House by an overwhelming vote, and in the Senate by a majority of 28 to 16, lacking a few votes of the necessary two-thirds. This same prop-osition was indorsed by both the Democratic and Republican conventions of 1876, by twenty-one State conventions, and has received the autographic approval of over 250,000 prominent citizens in all parts of the country, ninety patriotic organizations, with a membership of 1,500,000 voters, and of a number of religious bodies, etc. This is the anti-Roman Catholic consti-tutional amendment, and if adopted into the platform of the Republican Party would commit that party to a partisan-ship in religion. This is an extremely subtle movement to mingle religion with the politics of this Nation, and originates solely in the sectarian jealousy of the Roman Catholics felt by Protestant de-nominations, fanned into a flame by the success of the Roman Catholics in obtain-ing Government appropriations for Indian schools under their charge, and in some instances State favor for schools nominally public, but really parochial in character. The constitutional amendment to which the Republican Party was asked to give its support is this State shall pass any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, dr authorize either to be used for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding by appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or otherwise, any church, religious denomination, or religious society, or any institution, society, or undertaking which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. The first phrase of this amendment is not offered in good faith, for the principle there affirmed, has been, and is continu-ally, denied by those who drew and pre-sent the article. They, themselves, de-clare that the effect Of the proposed amendment is intended to be restricted to 