TIDE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 227 self said, that " moral law is but the tran-script of the divine nature." This is true; and we hold that it is impossible for the State to put the divine nature into any-body, or to preserve it after it is there. And to undertake such a thing is an in-sult to conscience, and blasphemy in the sight of God. Notwithstanding all this, the speaker coolly says, that " no attempt is being made to force religion down the throats of men." 0, no; simply an effort to keep the " divine nature " from leaking out of them; that is all. And you might as well cork up a bottle to keep the light in when you are about to carry it into a dark room. Sunday laws are not " conducive to pub-lic order." Those who are compelled to stop work against their will, will make Sunday " a day of deviltry," as has al-ready been complained of in Kings County, New York. Besides, there are laws to enforce public order on all days of the week. The more people who are idle, and are bent on mischief, as the result of Sun-day laws, the harder it will be to enforce the laws of public order. Another argument contained in the sermon was this :Š The Constitution insures a legal right to enjoy the Sabbath day. Every individual, according to the Supreme Court, has the right to the enjoyment of the Christian Sabbath, without liability to annoyance from the ordinary secular pursuits of life, except so far as they may be dictated by ne-cessity or charity. Yes, the Constitution does insure the right to every man-  to enjoy the Sabbath day. The Constitution leaves him free to rest, or work, or fish, or to do anything else that will contribute to his enjoyment, so long as he is not uncivil. And no one has the constitutional right to deprive him of his enjoyment by compelling him to rest when he does not want to. To com-pel one man to lay aside his " secular pur-suits " on Sunday in consideration of the religious feelings of another, is to estab-lish the principle that every person has a right to have his religious feelings pro-tected by law. To carry out that prin-ciple would absolutely stop all religious work, and shut every man's mouth on the subject of religion ; for nothing could be done or said that would be in harmony with the ideas and feelings of everyone; and as surely as their opinions were crossed, their feelings would be disturbed. No error could be rebuked, no truth could be advocated, because somebody's feelings would be disturbed. The United States Constitution is based upon the principle that "all men are cre-ated free and equal ;" and it says that no State shall " deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." According to this principle, if the Christian has a right to keep Sunday "without liability to annoyance from the ordinary secular pursuits of life," the Jew has an equal right to observe Saturday without liability to such annoyance.  " That government under which the rights of all citizens are not equally protected, is organized injustice." Would Sunday-keeping Christians be willing to lay aside their secular pursuits on Saturday that the observance of the Jews and Seventh-day Christians might be free from all disturbances ? Are they ready to apply the Golden Rule, and do as much for others as they ask others to do for them ? Here is an excellent chance for them to test themselves, and see whether they are actuated by the spirit of Christianity, or whether they are con-trolled by a spirit of selfishness and big-otry. Whoever asks another to show more respect for his religion than he is willing to show in return, thereby admits that the other religion is superior to his own. He expects the other man to be more of a gentleman than he is, and to ex-hibit more benevolence and charity in his deeds. What he admits may or may not be true, but it is an admission, neverthe-less Mr. Henry annihilated the authority of the " civil Sabbath" by the closing words of his sermon. He said:Š All plead, therefore, for the American Sabbath, that it may become a day of rest, of innocent recreation, and of devout worship. The supreme source for the observance of this day is to be found in the claim of religion and of Christian faith. Moral law is but the transcript of the divine nature. The Sabbath is God's insti-tution; it was made for man; it is the one ordi-nance which reminds man that he is facing eter-nity. Sabbath desecration and intemperance are the keenest blades that the enemy of souls has forged against the well-being of humanity. If we can keep the family right on Bible lines, then we shall keep the Church right; and if we keep the Church right, the State will be safe indeed. Hardly does the speaker finish his plea for the " American Sabbath " before he gives positive proof that it is neither American nor civil. He says that " the supreme source for the observance of this day is to be found in the claims of relig-ion and of Christian faith." If it were an American civil institution, the supreme source of authority for its observance would be found, not in the claims of re-ligion, but in the claims of American civil law. Again, if the Sabbath were a civil institution, there would be no sense in making it a day of " devout worship," unless one desired to worship the State by religiously honoring its institution. But that would be idolatry. There is a vast difference between worshiping God on any day of the week, and worshiping him because the State has set apart that day. Such worship is directed to the State more than it is to God. " know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey ?" To ask that an institution "of devout worship," which finds its supreme source of observance " in the claims of religion," shall be recognized and embodied in law, is to ask that religion be forced upon the  people by law. And that is the purpose of the whole Sunday-law movement. If " the Sabbath is God's institution," as Mr. Henry says, then it does not belong to America; render therefore unto Amer-ica the things which are America's, and unto God the things that are God's Finally, Mr. Henry admits that the whole trouble after all is with the family and the Church. If these can be kept right on Bible lines, then, he says, " the State will be safe indeed." Sabbath re-form, then, should begin where the diffi-culty lies, namely, in the family and in the Church. And to ask that the State shall enforce by law the proper observ-ance of the Sabbath, is to request that the State shall undertake to do a work which belongs to the family and the Church, and which they will not do for them-selves. But, further, as all the good that is ever accomplished for Christianity, either by the family or by the Church, comes through the power of God, it is manifest that every effort to have the State under-take such a work, is an effort to substi-tute the power of the State for the power of God. It puts the State in the place of God as Lord of the conscience; and those who recognize such substitution by ren-dering obedience to the State in a relig-ious matter, thereby become worshipers of the State instead of worshipers of God. Thus the logical effect of Sunday laws, as well as of all other laws designed to en-force a recognition of religious institu-tions, is to make the Government an object of worship, and enforce idolatry upon the people. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Where the Difficulty Lies. A GROWING disregard of Sunday is by no means confined to the United States, nor is it limited to those countries having little or no legislation upon the subject. A late number of the Christian Common- wealth, a leading English paper, says :Š Slowly but surely the Continental Sunday is coming to England. The number of Sunday news-papers is steadily increasing; and, what is more to the point, the number of readers of these papers is rapidly multiplying. Now a new departure is about to be made at the New Gallery. It is proposed to institute a series of "Sunday afternoons," when the gallery will be opened to a limited number of subscribers and their friends. The gallery will be opened from two till seven during the continuance of the annual summer and winter exhibitions, tea being provided for the visitors. This is only one of the many facts that might be cited in England to show that the same tendencies are seen there as in this country. And even Scotland, that country far-famed for its strict Sunday observance and for rigid laws upon the subject, is relaxing something of its old-time strictness, or rather the people are, and yielding to the seductions of the " Continental Sunday." A recent report to the General Assembly of Scotland, the 12.ighest church court in that country 