16 A.1011MAICA.N WEN T114-11,1 VoL. 11, No. 2. 105"* ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. No less than five proposed amendments to the Constitution of the United States are now claiming the attention of Congress. DAVID J. BREWER, of Kansas, associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court, and head of the Venezuelan commission, is spoken of as a possible presidential candidate for 1896. Justice Brewer wrote the " Chris-tian nation" decision of February, 1892. IT was hoped that the great " Christian" powers of the world would intervene to stop the fearful butchery of helpless and innocent people by the Turks in Armenia; but now, behold, these " Christian" nations are strip-ping for a fight among themselves, over a dispute arising from greed; and the Turk is left to continue his bloody work un-checked. THE bestowal of the cardinal's beretta upon Archbishop Satolli, comes just in good time to place him among the number of promising candidates for the successorship of Pope Leo. Satolli has made a close study of American ideas and institutions, to discover how they may be best made to serve the interests of the papal church. In the " chair of St. Peter " he would all but constitute an Amer-ican pope. THE article, "Utah as a State," printed on another page, shows how completely the civil pacer in Utah is now in the hands of the Mormon Church. The union of Church and State in Utah is, according to the words of the Mormon bishop there quoted, about as complete as was ever any such union of which history speaks; and it will be strange if a striking object lesson on the evil of Church and State union is not soon given the people of this Republic. THE spirit of religious intolerance is at work in South Carolina, as witnessed by the following from a letter by a minister in that State:Š Mr Robert Miller, of Chick's Springs, who became a Seventh day Adventist last summer, and is a prom-inent farmer of that place, has been watched by sev-eral of his neighbors while he was picking cotton hack in, his field on Sunday. The watchers stole around in the woods where they could see him, but supposed he could not see them. But they were noticed never-theless, and when spoken to, ran away, They said they would take the law, and if that did not stop Mil-ler's working. they would take the law in their own hands and stop him that way. The, letter further states that Mr. Miller  was in the back field where no one could pos-sibly be disturbed by his work unless he went back there on purp >se to be disturbed. Another man, Mr. Guinn, a shoemaker, has also been threatened with arrest for continuing his work on Sunday. Is it not strange that individuals who profess to be ChristiansŠand some of these watchers were church members Šshould think that they were manifesting or exercising the Spirit of Christ in such work ? THE " German-American Citizens' Union " of New York, " is," says the World, of June 5, " about to precipitate the Sunday-opening question into politics in a way that is bound to hurt some one." It will shortly submit a bill to the Albany legislature, accompanied by "a carload of petitions," asking that at an election to be held in the spring there shall be submitted to the people of cities of the first class a measure permitting the sale of food, milk and beverages on Sunday during certain hours. The hours described are from 7 to 9 A. M. for food and milk, and after 4 P. M. for beverages. Failing to get what they demand from the legislature, they will form them-selves into a political body, and organize sim-ilar bodies throughout the State, with the avowed purpose of placing New York State in the Democratic ranks at the presidential election next fall. THE Chicago Inter-Ocean, in its issue of Dec. 5, 1895, in an editorial entitled, "Trades Unions and Sunday Laws," after stating that several influences have been combined to op- pose the enforcement of the Barbers' Sunday Rest bill, says:Š The labor unions are strong enough to win in this contest for a weekly holiday, and they will win if they stand united. For even if the Cody law be held un-constitutional, it is within the power of the unions to induce the next legislature to enact a measure of like purpose, but of far wider scope. And thus it may be that those who now conspire to prevent a hard-worked and not too well paid class of men from enjoying a Sunday rest may succeed in forcing the enactment of a law that will make Sunday a holiday of universal obligation. It is not difficult to see what the plan of these advocates of Sunday laws is in regard to those who oppose their wishes in any degree. If these fellows, say they, do not quit opposing our law relative to Sunday, we will make a law that will compel everybody to keep Sun-day. THE Monitor (Roman Catholic) of San Francisco, feeling aggrieved that we apply Rev. 13:18 to the Papacy, attempted to break the force of the application some weeks since by a di-play of cheap wit with which the editor seems to have been highly pleased, for he thus refers to the matter again in the Monitor of the 7th ult. :Š The AMERICAN SENTINEL Which is edited by anti-christ or what is the same thing Kalbinios P. Bolman, whose name is the number of the beast has published the programme which Providence is to follow during the years to come. First Dan. 11:45 makes it certain that the Turk is to be driven from Europe. The date  is fixed by the following simple process: Multiply the digits in the number of the verse, 45 and you have the result 20. Multiply 20 by the number of the chapter 11 and you have 220. As there are two figures nathely 11 and 45 add 2 to the total and you have 222. Sub-tract 222 from the number of the beast 666 and the remainder is 444. This is the number of years the Turk is to rule in Constantinople; but as he began to reign there in 1453 he must cease to reign in 1897. So according to Calvin P. Millman the Turk will be driven out of Europe the year after next. Thanks. This is a deliberate misrepresentation for the purpose of making us appear ridiculous. Neither the SENTINEL nor any of its editors - ever made any such calculation or arrived at any such conclusion. We believe however that Dan. 11: 45 applies to the Turkish govern-ment, which when driven from Europe will establish itself temporarily at Jerusalem; and this will be one of the closing scenes of earth's history, but we have never made any attempt to fix the year in which this is to occur. Has the Monitor a special dispensation or an in-dulgence from the pope to violate with im-punity the eighth (according to Rome's enum-eration) commandment ? IN a recent article in the Suwanee Review, Mr, B. J. Ramage sums up a discussion of Sun- day legislation in these words:Š The more one examines the ground on which Amer-ican Sunday legislation is based the more irresistible becomes the conclusion that it is a physical and moral rather than a religious ground. It would be difficult to imagine how Mr. Ramage comes to such a conclusion were it not that he gives a clue to the mental process by which it is reached, thus: "With our the-ory of government such statutes could have no other basis." His reasoning amounts to this: Sunday statutes exist and are upheld; they cannot be sustained under our form of government on religious grounds, therefore they rest upon civil grounds. But such reas-oning proves nothing. It is true that he asserts that the " laws" " simply, create a holiday." But this is not the fact. The "laws" of the various States recognize Sun-day not as a holiday but as a holy day. Laws setting apart certain days as holidays simply suspend public business but never forbid the carrying on of industrial or mercantile pur-suits. Sunday "laws" invariably prohibit labOr and business, and generally with such excep-tions only as make it certain that the intent of the legislators is to recognize the supposed sacred character of the day. Whenever Sun-day is placed upon an equality and only upon an equality with holidays, can it be consis-tently claimed that the statutes requiring its observance simply create a holiday? AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 