WHAT THE DECISION OF THE U. S. DISTRICT COURT MEANT. From the Mail and Express (the great champion of Sunday laws), of June 10, Ha No comment can add force to this cartoon. The artist has faithfully described the attitude which the Government bag assumed in its championship of Sunday. The group of caricatured working people on the left and the well-dressed crowd entering a church on the right, speak volumes. Even the dilapidated lunch baskets and the patch on the bey': trousers are important parts of the sad story of governmental usurpation at the b3hest of a bigoted hierarchy. The only wonder is that the Mail and Express ever published such a confession. 194 _AVEM1114C,A.N SIEN°17IIINTE:1_,0 VoL. 8, No. 25. The divine Word gives no hint of first-day sacredness, but it tells us explicitly that "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." B. The Basis of Sun-day Laws. THOSE who have read the papers to any extent cannot have failed to notice that the enforcement of Sunday observance is increasing. In Bir- mingham, in South-ampton, in Belfast, and at various other places in the King-dom, crusades have been carried on against those who have ventured to take Sunday as a business day, instead of a day of rest and worship. These things are be-coming so common, and are done so much as a matter of course, that it is necessary again and again to call the attention of the people to the basis upon which Sunday laws rest. First, however, let us recall a statement concerning the action taken in the Isle of Man. A correspond-ent of the Christian Commonwealth said :- The Sunday trading ques-tion is becoming a vexed one in the Isle of Man For some time past the sale of newspapers in the streets, and Sunday trad-ing generally, have become distasteful and intol-erable to the majority of the Manx people; and on the introduction of the Local Government Act into the House of Keys, Mr. John Thomas Cowell, the member for North Douglas, moved the insertion of a new clause, to the effect that any person pub-licly crying:7 showing forth, or exposing for sale any wares, merchandise, fruit, newspapers, or any chattels whatever, on the Lord's day, shall, at the instance of a constable, be liable to a fine of 40s. for each offense. The clause was carried by a vote of fifteen to five, but was thrown out on being sent back to the Leg-islative Council. One member declared that he would rather lose the whole bill than consent to such a. piece of legislation. The writer above re-ferred to says: "This will undoubtedly be the case, as the Manx ire is now fully aroused, against the wholesale Sunday desecrations of recent years, and things are gradually growing worse. The Council may play the part of obstructionists for a time, but the voice of the people must ultimately be heard, and a strong measure be passed prohibiting Sunday trading." NO CONNECTION WITH TEMPERANCE. In this connection it may be well to note the fact that the Bishop of Sodor and Man said that during his twelve months' resi-dence on the island, he has been favorably impressed with respect to the temperance question. " So far as he could recollect, he had observed only one case of drunk-enness in a Manxman." So it will be seen that itŁcannot be claimed that Sunday legislation is necessary on the ground of temperance. We have already repeatedly shown that the Sunday observance question cannot in  any sense be considered a temperance question. The same number of- t e Christian Commonwealth which contained the item in regard to the Isle of Man, had an editorial on the drink question. From that editorial we quote the following:Š Most temperance advocates believe that Sunday closing ought to be national, and not local. But why do they think so? Simply for the reason that the country is ripe for a national Sunday-closing bill, and that such a bill is right in itself. Un-doubtedly these are weighty considerations. But we fail to see why Sunday closing should be made national and total closing local. The evil influence of the drink traffic for six days in the week must be more than for one day; and yet some who are comparatively indifferent to the former, are stick-lers for the latter. This should be sufficient to settle the question as to the connection of Sunday closing with temperance. There is none whatever. " The whole country is ripe for a national Sunday-closing bill," but not by any means for national prohibition seven days in the week. Sunday closing would make but little appreciable differ-ence in the amount of liquor consumed, for the workingmen are as idle on Satur-day nights as they are on Sundays, and there is ample time then for them to get rid of their wages, even if they did not lay in a supply of drink for the next day. NOT A PHYSICAL NECESSITY. We may therefore leave the question of temperance entirely out of our study of  the basis of Sunday laws. There are onl y two other possible grounds on which con.- pulsory Sunday observance may be based, and they are (1) the physical benefit to he derived, and (2) the religious character of the day. We will consider them., But first, again, let us see how much impor- tance is attached to this matter of Sunday observance. The Christian Common-wealth of March 20, said If shopkeepers persist in needless Sunday trad-ing, they must be stopped by the strong arm of the law. In Birmingham the nuisance has become so intolerable, that a Watch Committee has been formed, and is making a crusade against Sunday trading. . . . We should prefer Sunday closing to be voluntary, but if this cannot be realized, the only alternative is to make it compulsory. Take now the idea that Sunday observ-ance is necessary for the physical well-being of people, especially of the work-ingmen. At the most that can be claimed for a weekly physical rest it is of far less importance than many other things. For instance, it is far more necessary that a man should have a regular amount of sleep in every twenty-four hours. A man may work every day in the week for au indefinite time, if he has sufficient regular daily rest; whereas if he is broken of his rest at night for a few nights, he will be totally unfitted for work. But we never hear of a proposition that laboring men should be compelled by law to sleep seven hours every night, and nobody will ever be foolish enough to advocate such a 