AMERICAN SENTINEL. 715 The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 12. BY C. H. KESLAKE. Ix this article it is our purpose to enquire what the -motive was that inspired the founders of this nation to -so frame the Constitution that in all this country's future history Congress, to whom is entrusted the duty of mak-ing laws, should be debarred from legislating in favor of or against religion. It is true that the framers of the Constitution recog-nized the eternal principle that man's relation to his God is above human legislation, and his right of conscience inalienable. But to stimulate them in the recognition of this "eternal principle" they had before them, in the Eastern Hemisphere, a system that, existing for over a thousand years, had embodied the very reverse of this principleŠa system that claimed the right to govern the consciences of men; to say what he should or should not believe and practice in matters of religion; hesitating not to enforce its dogmas by means of the most varied and cruel tor-tures; stopping not until it had pried into and wrested from the innermost recesses of the soul, the secret thoughts of the heart; or failing this, leave the poor vic-tim a mangled corpse, or doomed to spend a miserable existence in dark and loathesome dungeons. That sys-tem was the papacy. Nor was this all. Even in the New World the Puri-tans had given some striking lessons in the disregard of the "eternal principle" referred to. Knowing the horrors resultant from religious despot-isms, the founders of this Government determined that matters of religion should be left to the individual con-science; that religion and the state should be kept sep-arate. Consequently it was provided in the Constitution (Article 6) that "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." But there were many who felt that reli-gious liberty was not sufficiently safeguarded by this provision. Accordingly the Constitution was amended so that that document now reads: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." That all this was done with the papacy in view can be clearly shown. In the memorial of the Presbytery of Hanover to the General Assembly of Virginia, and which subsequently had 'a bearing upon the formation of the Con-stitution, are found these words, "It is . . . impossi- ble for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith without erecting a claim to infallibility which would lead us back to the church of Rome." And in another memorial by the same body, is found the following: "The duty we owe to our Creator, and the  manner of discharging it, can only be directed by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tri-bunal of the universal Judge. . . . To judge for our-selves and our own consciences is an inalienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated and the Reformation from popery carried on, can never be tranferred to another." From this it will be seen that the founders of our Government sought to guard this country from the evils of popery; and this could not be done without recogniz-ing the "eternal principle" that man's relation to his God is above human legislation; hence at the beginning it was determined that no religion of whatsoever kind, should be meddled with, for or against, by the United States Government. As the Reformers made their protest against popery in the sixteenth century, so in the eighteenth century the United States of America in the Constitution made its protest against it. And this is the only country that ever did it. Therefore it is true that the United States is the only Government that was essentially and truly Protestant. What better place then could there be for Protestant-ism to be thoroughly tested than in this country? Un-fettered by any governmental regulations in religious matters, this nation offered the fairest field for this pur-pose; the conditions could not be better. More than this. ProtestantismŠtrue Protestantism Šis biblical. Its principle is in perfect accord with the teachings of Jesus Christ. And the United States being Protestant, in the only way that a nation as a nation can be Protestant, viz., by leaving the question of reli-gion entirely to the individual conscienceŠthe United States from its beginning was in perfect accord with the teachings of Jesus Christ concerning the duties of nations with reference to religion. Hence, Bancroft (History of the Formation of the Constitution) says: "Vindicating the right of individual-ity even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its rela-tion to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the tempo-ral power; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several states, withheld from the Federal Government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power." Thus did the United States espouse Protestantism pure and simple. When put to the test will it remain firm and true to the principle it recognized? Or will it abandon this position and step over on to papal ground? This is an important, as well as interesting, question. Who is watching this thing? We know of at least one; and that one is the man across the wayŠin the Vatican at Rome, and his name is Leo XIII. 