:ttiftlipor2AIM: Ł THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 1. NEW YORK, JANUARY 7, 1852 NOTE.Š A ny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. REV. DR. SAWIN, an orthodox minister of Troy, New York, says: " A man who is in the right and is sure of his ground can always afford to be tolerant of the opinions of others. It is only the man who has a secret misgiving that his faith can not stand the investigations of reason who is bigoted and narrow, and who de-mands that other men shall think as he does or stop thinking altogether." THE fashion of Sunday funerals, accord-ing to the Washington Post, is rapidly be-coming a thing of the past in Washington, for the reason that, as the undertaker said to the reporter, " The class of persons we serve no longer bury their dead on the Sabbath;" and also because of the fact that "our best cemeteries, the Catholic be-ing excepted, will not permit a burial on Sunday." To be born, to be married, to die, to be buried, on Sunday will soon be quite "bad form" among the religious "four hun-dred". Ł 4--Ł  SENATOR GALLINGER, of New Hamp-shire, the successor of Henry W. Blair, has introduced a bill into the Senate, which, it is said, has been commented on with favor quite generally, to the effect that every person in the employ of the Government who is not native-born, or a completely naturalized citizen of this country, shall be immediately dismissed the service. This is class legislation. It is not the first of its kind, neither will it be the last. But it would be well to look long before leaping in each case. An ac-cumulation of class restrictions means, eventually, paternalism and tyranny, civil and religious. Ł A LATE number of the Occident says :Š It will be an everlasting reproach to this Nation if the Columbian Exposition be thrown open on Sunday. We beg our Christian readers to reflect in advance on what may be their duty in such a case. The evil is seriously threatened; how may we meet it? . . . Can Christian men consist-ently attend an exposition that, under the circum-stances, is flung open on the 'Lord's day, and made an engine of irreligion? Upon which the Signs of the Times re-marks as follows : On the same principle Christian men ought not to patronize any railway company which runs Sunday trains, There is a wonderful effervescence  of religious zeal every time this entirely unscriptural Sunday question bobs up. We should think that our religious contempo-raries would at last come to question as to what is the real basis of all their feelings in this direction. Would it make the peo-ple any better if the Columbian Exposition were closed ? Does the fact that it might be opened compel any one to disregard the Sunday? The truly loyal would be more loyal at such a time. Is the conscience of the Christian to be governed by act of ' Congress ? Who would reproach the Na-tion ?" Ł Ł Ł THE Syracuse Times has this :Š "The American Sabbath Union (Pearl of Days' Leaflet No. 3) says :Š " The civil power must recognize some day if we are to have any day of rest. " How many of the following parallel'  statements will the American Sabbath Union also indorse ? " The civil power must recognize some God if we are to have any God to worship. The civil power must recognize some re-ligion if we are to have any religion. The civil power must recognize some form of baptism if we are to have any baptism. The Union continues :Š " To permit any one to keep any day he may choose, or no day at all, would soon end in no Sab-, bath. "By parity of reasoning, then, to permit any one to recognize some God or no God, some religion or no religion, some form of baptism or no baptism, would soon end in atheism, infidelity and heresy. Are the American Sabbath Unionists ready to swallow the pill? If so, ]et them explain why the belief and practice of baptism has survived so well without the interpo-sition of civil law. Such is the logic of the advocates of Sunday laws." UNDER the title " Congress and the World's Fair" the Mail and Express says :Š One of the most notable features of the Congres-sional Record of this session, up to the present time, is the very large number of petitions presented in the SenateŠthe House has done no business as yetŠasking that an appropriation of $5,000,000 be made for the World's Columbian Exposition, on condi-tion that the gates be closed on Sunday. These petitions come from all parts of the Union, from religious bodies, from Societies, from private indi-viduals. There are scores of them, and they repre_ sent tens of thousands of citizens. They represent, too, the religious feeling of the whole country, which would be outraged if the managers of the World's Fair should abandon the recognized Amer-ican policy and keep open the exhibition on Sunday. This matter it is within the power of the Congress to control. At present the final decision rests with the Commissioners; but if an appropriation of $5,000,000 should be made, coupled with the con-dition that the Exposition shall be entirely closed on Sundays, that would settle it. The different methods which have been devised in the past few years, by which to commit Congress to legislation upon re- ligious matters, have all been examples of a certain political subtlety; but this last is a peculiar specimen of indirection, by which Congress is asked to interfere with the municipal regulations of the city of Chicago, and stamp upon a religious tenet the governmental sanction of the United States. SENATOR PEEPER of Kansas, the Farm-ers' Alliance Senator, has signalized his entrance into congressional life by offer-ing, among others, a bill to increase the number of chaplains in the army. These bills to give more chaplains to the army, under better pay, are almost unnoticed incidents of each congressithial session ; but they are a part of the great sum total of effort to saddle religious responsibility upon the Government, which, in the ag-gregate, has become a noticeable factor in political affairs. To such an extent has this become the fact that the phraseology even of the newspaper correspondents bears unconscious testimony to, the hold this question of formal religion is taking on public affairs and public thought. Ł  AT a mass-meeting recently held in Washington, D. C., to devise means for promoting the moral welfare of the army and navy, one speaker, who was a mili-tary man, is reported as saying that he considered "the preponderance of foreign-ers in the service a drawback to Christian work." If that be so the Christianity which is preached to the American soldier and sailor by the paid chaplains of the United States can not be the Christianity of the Bible. Can it be that this is a whisper of the development' of the watch-word " America for Americans " into " The American Sunday and American religion for Americans." ? Is the Russian national intolerance becoming epidemic as well as the Russian influenza ? THOSE who wish bound volumes of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, for 1891, should send their names at once. Only a limited num-ber will be bound, and orders will be filled as they are received. The prices will be the same as last year, namely, heavy manilla paper, $1.50, half roan, (cloth,with leather back) $2.50. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the i United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards ' religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - The. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City, 