530 AMERICAN SENTINEL. An illistration of the working of this deception is seen in the commingling of the most sacred themes and themes that are purely politicalŠthe exaltation of the nation's military heroes, the approval of war, the- in-dorsement of the policy of the Administration, etc.Šat the gatherings bf the leading religious bodies. The idea of all this is that the civil governmentŠthe political power in the nationŠcan go hand in hand with Jesus Christ in working out the world's salvation and setting up the kingdom of God. In order to get at the truth upon this subject we must get down to first principles and clearly define the two leading agencies concerned,Šthe spirit of politics and the spirit of Christ. Politics, always and everywhere, is a contest for the supremacy. It is a contest between men, which results in the uplifting, not of the divine, but of the human. It exalts and glorifies, not God, but a man. And wher-ever this is,  done, whether in a political party or in the church, whether for political purposes or for church pur-poses, whether by many or by few, the spirit of politics is there as the ruling spirit. Anything which aims at the exaltation and glorifica-tion of something else than God, is political in its prin-ciples and nature. This is politics defined in its broad-est sense. Where did this spirit originate? Where first was the effort made to exalt and glorify something else than God? To this question there is a plain answer given by Scripture. It was Lucifer, the exalted one who stood by the throne of God in heaven, who first sought the exalt-ation of something else than God, which something was himself. Then he induced others to join with him in the effort for his exaltation. And there was formed the first political party that ever existed. The leader sought to get himself into supreme power in heaven. He sought to win the votes of all the beings in heaven, excepting of course, the One to whom he had made himself a rival. Heaven was divided; and finally, Satan with his party was cast out, and the movement to exalt and glorify some other being than God was for-ever banished from the celestial realm. But being shut out of heaven, it came down to the earth, and here it has found a home ever since. Eve sought to exalt herself to a higher realm of knowledge, by eating of the tree in Eden, contrary to the command of God. Man fell, and there was implanted in the race the spirit' of self supremacy; and ever since that time, this spirit has dominated among men everywhere outside of the true people of the Lord. But even in the Christian Church it has been contin-ually showing itself, and a continual source of trouble and peril. In the gospel narratives it stands out very plainly as influencing the course pursued by the Saviour's immiaiate followers, the twelve apostles. Even they were not free from it, although they were the most intimate associates of the spotless and perfect  Pattern. So deceptive is this spirit, that it creeps into the most sacred sanctuary undistinguished from the spirit of righteousness. If it was so marked among the very apostles of the Lord while they were with him, small wonder is it that it should gain entrance to-day in the most select Christian circles, and should so distort the view of Christian truth as to influence powerfully movements which seem to have but the one aim of ad-vancing the cause of Christ. Even when the most serious and solemn thoughts should have engrossed the minds of the disciples, this political spirit rose up and completely blinded them to the important truths the Saviour desired them to com-prehend. It turned them completely aside from their proper course of action and left them unprepared for the crisis before them. The record tells us that near the close of his ministry, when Christ was going up to Jeru-salem to be condemned and crucified, he took the twelve disciples and endeavored to open to their minds the truths pertaining to this trying experience awaiting them. Three separate times he endeavored to break through the earthly influence that darkened their under-standings, and each time the spirit of politics within them shut off their view of the truth. They were contending among themselves as to which should be the greatest! There it wasŠthe spirit of self-exaltation, of self-supremacy, right among the twelve apostles themselves, doing its foul and fatal work. Notice how it is set forth in the following from the narrative by Matthew:Š "And Jesus going up to Jerusalem took the twelve disciples apart in the way and said unto them, "Behold, we go up to Jerusalem; and the Son of man shall be betrayed unto the chief priests and unto the scribes, and they shall condemn him to death, "And shall deliver him to the Gentiles to mock, and to scourge, and to crucify him: and the third day he shall rise again. "Then came to him the mother of Zebedee's children with her sons, worshiping him, and desiring a certain thing of him. "And he said unto her, What wilt thou? She saith unto him, Grant that these my two sons may sit, the one on thy right hand, and the other on the left, in thy kingdom. "But Jesus answered and said, "Ye know not what, ye ask." Matt. 20:17-22. Then, pointing them to the trying experience that awaited him and them before they could attain the king-dom of glory, he told them it was not given to him to bestow offices upon his followers, but the positions de-sired should be given "to them for whom it is prepared of my Father." Note the following points:Š The mother of James and John (Zebedee's children) came unto Jesus with them, worshiping him, and desir-ing a certain thing of him. Here was (1) a "cut and dried" plan between James and John and their mother to get themselves into the chief places in the kingdom of 