290 AMERICAN SENTINEL. congress of nations. If this is considered impracticable, such a concert will be arranged that thepossilole elements and factors in the situation may be eliminated by friendly pressure upon Spain and upon the United States. "It is possible and probable that a congress of na-tions will be called immediately after a positive declara-tion of hostilities. "The whole matter will then be taken up and ad-justed. Spain will receive some adequate compensation for the loss of the Island of Cuba, if the experiment now on trial fails through war, and at the same time Cuba will be put under stable rule and government, probably under the protectorate of the United States. "In doing this the wisdom of the Monroe Doctrine will be acknowledged, but the incidental responsibility of the United States thereunder will be defined and demon-strated. This will work greatly for the preservation of the peace of the world. As matters stand now, there is constant danger that some puny nation may through braggadocio or truculence, involve some great powers." Thus the papacy is determined to make herself felt, and will forceherself into recognition, in the affairs of the United States. Having failed to hold her power and revenue in Cuba by holding that suffering people under Spanish despotism, she now proposes to accomplish that purpose and a good deal more by engineering a settle-ment in which she will have to be recognized as a chief party to be reckoned with. And notice how coolly her arrogant position is as-sumed. See with what an air of superiority it is that she announces that "friendly pressure" will be put "upon the United States" as "upon Spain"Šas though the United States were her subject as Spain has always been. Notice, also, and inwardly digest the deep and sinis-ter meaning of it, how self-confidently it is declared that by this "congress" or "concert" of her calling, "the whole matter will be taken up and adjusted." See the assump-tion of supremacy displayed in telling just how the par-ties interested will be dealt withŠ"Spain will receive some adequate compensation": "Cuba will be put under stable rule and government" and "probably" this willbe "under the protectorate of the United States." Cuba declared, and made, "free and independent" by the United States; and the United States, professedly at least, free and inde-pendent in her own right, are to be taken charge of by, the papacy and her "concert" and to be dealt with as she decides, as though they were her absolute subjects to be placed and moved like "men" on a chess-board I And then to cap it all "the incidental responsibility of the United States" under the Monroe Doctrine, "will be defined and demonstrated" for the United States. There cannot be the least doubt that the papacy will do every possible thing to carry out this program an-nounced from Archbishop Ireland. And who is prepared to say that she will not succeed in having this program carried out according ro her own ideas and wishesŠif not in every detail, largely in very substance? Especially who is prepared to say that she will not succeed in it, when at her very first move she has been successful in gaining official recognition from the  Government of the United States? when at her very first Step she succeeded in having an official communication from her "secretary of State" officially received by the Secretary of State of the United States, and her "repre-sentative" recommended in this official communication, also officially received, through whom afterward "the official texts of the concessions which Spain was willing to make for the 'sake of peace" were "laid before this Government." When she can do all that at the very beginning of difficulties, what will she not do before the difficulties are ended? Another thing that just now makes all this worthy of only the more careful consideration is the movement to have the United States enter the lists as one of "the Powers," and form alliances and carry on intrigues with the other "Powers" in the affairs of the whole world. Just now is a time for deep study and careful thinking. A. T. J. Great Desecration Desecration and a Great Victory. THE first real battle of the war with Spain was fought in the harbor of Manila, May 1ŠSunday. It was a terrible desecration of Sunday,Šworse than is ever caused by Sunday baseball or any other worldly amusement. It was Sunday fighting,Šfighting in which men were being killed, and where devastation and death were being spread faster than is being done by the open Sunday saloon. It ,N as Sunday desecration in its worst form. Under such circumstances the only expectation at all in harmony with the repeated and positive assurances given by a certain class of clergymen touching Sunday desecration, is that the party by whom such glaring des-ecration. of Sunday was inaugurated, would meet with crushing defeat. But lo, instead of this they met with the most brilliant success ! The American commander was not obliged to give battle to the Spanish fleet at Manila on Sunday. He might have delayed the attack for a day, mindful of the terrible incubus whichŠby the prediction of these clergy-menŠhis disregard of Sunday would cast upon his pros-pects of success. But he did not wait. It was simply a case of daring defiance of all the principles and precepts upon which the Sunday National Reform theory is based. More than this: if the accounts given be true, the feat which the Sunday-desecrating commander undertook was one of unusual hazard; for he had not onlyto engage the Spanish fleet in battle, but in doing so had to force his way into a strange harbor filled with mines and to sustain the fire from a humber of formidable fortifications.. Yet, where a fatal slip would have been so easy, Provi-dence gave him none. His success was signal and com-plete. If his ships had run aground in the darkness of night under cover of which he entered the harbor; or if they had been blown up by the mines as was the "Maine" at Ha- 