2i;6 A_MtiRiCA_Nt NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. Sunday and the Fair. ON the 3d inst., the National Columbian Com-mission at Chicago gave a hearing to the advocates of the Sunday-closing of the Fair. Col. Elliot F. Shepard, as President of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, presented the memorial of the Union, praying for the closing of the Fair on Sun-day. He also, as President of the Sabbath Ob-servance Committee of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, presented a petition of that body to the same end. He likewise read a telegram from Archbishop Ireland, of St. Paul, giving his acquiescence in the movement, and also the resolution in favor of closing the Fair on Sun-day, passed by the Farmers' Alliance Convention at Ocala. Rev. Sylvester Scoville, President of Wooster College, Wooster, Ohio, gave a brief review of the history of Sunday legislation and Sunday Observ-ance, and their effects on the nations, socially and commercially. Gen. 0. 0. Howard presented the question from the patriotic point of view, quoting from Washing-ton, Lincoln, Grant, McClellan, and President Harrison. Rev. T. A. Fernley, of Philadelphia, laid before the Commission a petition for the closing of the Fair on Sunday, containing nearly 500,000 names. Col. Alexander S. Maitland, of Brooklyn, urged that Sunday laws were not founded on religion, but on the rights of man, and that no nation could remain permanently free without a day of rest. Hon. Thomas Coffin, of Iowa, representing the Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen, presented the subject on behalf of that organization, and of wage-earners in general. Rev. Francis L. Patton, President of Princeton University, presented the question from the Biblical point of view. He said he had no doubt of the commercial success of the Exposition, but the most important point in success was the moral one. Mrs. R. L. Carse presented a petition from 10,000 members of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. And then after a few words from Colonel Shepard, claiming that he and others present were representing the Christian churches of the United States, who, with their communicants, fam-ilies, and affiliations, represented safely at least fifty-seven million of the population, the Commis-sion took a recess. It is announced that action on the Sunday closing question will be deferred until the local directors of the Exposition have made their rules and submitted them to the Commission for ap-proval. The opinion is confidently expressed by the ad-vocates of Sunday-closing that the Fair will be closed. The decision may, however, be delayed for some time yet. Meanwhile the interest in the matter grows, and the agitation increases. Mr. Crafts at Bradford. As noted last week, Mr. Crafts has' been at Brad-ford, Pennsylvania, and here is what the Era of that city says about it editorially :Š Rev. Mr. Crafts has discovered that Bradford people, as a whole, have less respect for Sunday,  than any other town in the United States, or the the world, perhaps, and wants a law passed to in-still a due amount of reverence into our citizens. There is less sniveling hypocrisy here than in many another town, no doubt, but the standard of morality,  is just as high as you will find anywhere else. Like a cocoanut, the rough side of Bradford is out. However, there is nothing here to shock the most refined moral sense, more than in any other town, excepting the fact that cigars, fruits, soda water, etc., are sold openly on Sunday instead of clandes-tinely. The fact has been abundantly demonstrated by repeated experiinents that you cannot make a man religious by passing Blue Laws. You may succeed  in making a hypocrite of him, but a careful analy-sis of his heart will not show any stronger traces of true piety than before. But because the Brad-ford City Council concluded to leave it to the con-sciences of the people whether or not they should buy or sell on Sunday, Rev. Crafts denounced them as being " worse than the Chicago anarchistsŠand they were hanged." The real truth is this: The more freedom you give the people the stronger they will develop, both morally and intellectually. In-dividual responsibility is the best. If the law could make it impossible for all men to do evil, how much credit would they deserve for their absti-nence? and how would we distinguish the bad from the good ? The intolerance that stifles free thought and dwarfs the heart and brain of man is the worst cannibalism. It consumes the soul instead of the flesh. THE advocates of Sunday laws are just now mak-ing a desperate effort to convince the workingman that he is enslaved by corporations requiring Sun-day work, a bondage, they declare, worse than African slavery; but the workingman does not generally join the movement for Some reason, probably because it not only promises to secure a law compelling corporations to give their employes rest on Sunday, but promises that the same law will prescribe the manner in which he shall spend the day. Recently an American Sabbath Union lecturer, after a passionate portrayal of " our modern slav-ery," Sunday labor, declared with disappointment and disgust in his tones. " I am astonished that the laboring man has never raised his voice against this imposition." This is not astonishing, for laboring Ł men can see a long way.  ahead of their noses, and while some of them prefer to rest on Sunday if they could do so without losing their job, they don't propose to jump "out of the frying-pan into the fire." THE Sunday Gazetteer of Denison, Texas, after stating the charge against R. M. King, of Ten-nessee, says:Š His attorney held that his punishment was in violation of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of - the United States which says, " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-zens in the United States," and it specifies that " all persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United StatesŁ" On the other hand Judge Hammond rules that this amendment did not reach the question at issue. The first Consti-tutional Amendment says emphatically that " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," but this is construed by the judge as ap-plying only to Congress and as having no binding force upon the States, and he goes so far as to say that there is left to the States the most absolute power on the subject of religious legislation, and any of them may, if they choose, establish a creed and a church and maintain it. If Judge Hammond's opinion is correct, and the Supreme Court should so decide, religious freedom iu this Republic is in danger. Any powerful relig-ious sect might be able to get political control of a State, establish a State religion, and then make it exceedingly unpleasant for dissenters to remain within its borders. It has been the popular belief that the Federal Constitution made it obligatory upon the States to maintain religious freedom for all citizens, and that was the understanding of Madison, Jefferson and other founders of the Gov-ernment. If they were wrong and Judge Ham-mond is right, the people will have to carefully watch State legislation if they would keep in check the growing tendency to more closely unite Church and State, a sentiment already pushing its way into politics, through such organizations as the Na-tional Reform Association, the Woman's Christian.  Temperance Union, Sabbath Alliance, etc. The,  King case will be taken to the United States Su-preme Court, and the result will be looked for with much interest. REV. MCCLAIRN, in explaining the objects of the American Sabbath Union in a recent Sunday evening address, stated that a movement similar to theirs was inaugurated in England several hun-,  dred years ago. We have read of that movement and its sad consequences, and have regarded the present movement as " similar," but until now were without an official statement to that effect. Lecture Bureau of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association. THE Lecture Bureau of the National Religious Liberty Association is composed of competent lec-turers in various parts of the United States, and any one desiring lectures upon the subject of re-ligious liberty and the relation of Church and State, may secure a lecturer by corresponding with Allen Moon, the Secretary of the Bureau, 28 College Place, Chicago, Illinois. THE "Pearl of Days" says that ground is being gained for Sunday reform (?) in California contin-ually. " Since June last nearly all the towns of Humboldt County, the great lumber region, have inaugurated Sunday closing." A PETITION has just been circulated in Pullman, Wash., to have the old Washington Territory Sun-day law enforced. When it was presented to the Council, a lawyer who had been reading some good literature on the subject of Sunday laws, gave some arguments against such legislation that kept the authorities from acting in the matter. No wonder the laboring man does not join the " civil Sabbath law " movement, for it is not only ungenerous and uncivil, but it is tyrannical. A representative of this movement recently stated to a Chicago audience, that the objection made by some that the occupants of crowded tenements ought to have an opportunity to visit the parks and breathe the fresh air, was " mere sentimental-ism, without foundation." " There are no tene-ment houses," said the speaker, " that will not hold all the occupants when assembled on-  Sunday, and they had better be there than desecrating the Sabbath by going to the parks." The laboring man has reason to fear this return to puritanical narrowness and hypocrisy. THE American or secular theory of government does not mean the unchristian theory ; but rather the contrary. The secular theory is the true Chris-tian theory; for the first promulgator of the theory known to the world, was Christ himself, the Founder of Christianity. Bancroft, speaking of the adoption of these principles by our early states-men, says : " The new Nation dared to set the ex-ample of accepting in its relation to God the prin-ciple first divinely ordained in Judea." He says, too, that it was "not from indifference, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom, and purity, and power." And through all the ages since Christ there have been here and there Christian menŠcaring more for truth than for worldly gain, caring more for the purity of Christianity than for worldly powerŠwho have nobly upheld the principles first enunciated by their Master. THE following is from the May number of the Christian Press, a paper advocating Sunday laws and their rigid enforcement:Š Conviction may be forced upon us, but conversion will never be. Does God call me ? Does he love me ? Does he need me ? are questions to which I may be compelled to give an affirmative answer; but, Will I yield to him ? is a question which must be decided by myself, and which I am free to de-cide. Many are making the fatal mistake of wait-ing for conversion to be forced upon them, and they persuade themselves that they honor God by waiting for "God's own time." God's accepted time and day of salvation is now. That paragraph has the good old gospel ring. Then why enforce Sunday observance ? Any Christian should be in favor of the sentiment ex-pressed in the foregoing, and be ready to work for it with all his might. Enforced Sunday observance would not be a whit better than enforced conver-sion. The Press can see the one, why can it not see the other just as clearly ? 