AMERICAN SENTINEL. 187 So far as appears from this, the Sunday closing in this movement is voluntary, and not by demand or the enforcement of law. Every person has of course a right to close his place of business on Sunday, and if he chooses to do so this is no interference with religious liberty. If the Sunday-closing question can be settled by a voluntary agreement on the part of tradesmen to do no business on Sunday, the SENTINEL will have no objection to offer. It only asks that nobody be com-pelled to close on Sunday against his will. It only asks that no religious views of right be enforced by law. It only asks that everybody be left free, as God has made him, to observe Sunday or any other day, or no day at all, according as his own views of right may direct. It only asks that the civil law shall not be crowded into the domain of conscience. Religious. Liberty Address to the Porto Ricans. Translated from the Spanish. THE right of every person to think on all kinds of questions, religious, as well as civil, and to form his judgment and to determine his attitude with respect to them without anyone introducing either civil or ecclesiastical authority, has always been a principle which is the motto and glory of the American Republic. The only restriction that ought to be imposed is that this liberty for the individual who is guided by the infallible Word of God must not degenerate into liber-tinage and thus result prejudicially against the same individual and all others who follow it. By this is not permitted polygamy, lawlessness, anarchy, nor many other things of this character. The unfolding of these principles to the individual unprejudiced by the masses, which are, denying justice to none, but equal rights for all, or in other words, with malice towards none and charity for all, is the rule we have followed in all our legislatures and institutions. The Government was instituted to help and defend everyone in the exercise of these rights and privileges. It is not partisan, nor for the rich to override the poor, nor for the educated against the ignorant, nor of any one class against another, only this, that all respect and obey the laws. That all may know what are their dues and privileges, we have es-tablished in all places and for all classes our schools and churches. So to us it appears that to be worthy and able to exercise these rights of American citizenship so as to insure our eternal salvation and adoption of all good sentiments, it is of primary importance that the Porto Ricans establish themselves firmly on this principle of Free Examination, or The Open Bible, and adopt it practically. The mission of the Evangelical churches from the great reformation exemplified in the 16th century has been to give emphasis to this right, and it is a duty to insist on it. Because of this we made it  possible for the IBible to become public property and we established schools in all parts of the world. . . . We believe that God wishes all to be, saved and filled with the knowledge of the truth. To discharge this sacred obligation we have come to this island and we offer to serve all those who wish to accept our efforts and assist in our meetings. We are in the position to celebrate marriage, make explanation of the Bible visit the sick, bury the dead, console the afflicted, and by all these means which are in our province promote the progress and wellbeing of those Porto Ricans who are our brethren. Signed, EVANGELICAL PASTORS. San Juan, Porto Rico. "The New Political Jesuitism." By Rev. Joseph Henry Crooker. A POLITICAL doctrine is now preached in our midst that is the most alarming evidence of moral decay that ever appeared in American history. Its baleful signifi-cance consists, not simply in its moral hatefulness, but in the fact that its advocates are so numerous and so prominent It is this: A powerful nation, representa-tive of civilization, has the right, for the general good of humanity, to buy, conquer, subjugate, control and govern feeble and backward races and peoples, without reference to their wishes or opinions. This is preached from pulpits as the gospel of Christ. It is proclaimed in executive documents as American statesmanship. It is defended in legislative halls as the beginning of a more glorious chapter in human history. It is boast-fully declaimed from the platform as the first great act in the regeneration of mankind. It is published in in-numerable editorials, red with cries for blood and hot with lust for gold, as the call of God to the American people. But how came these men to know so dearly the mind of the Almighty? Was the cant of piety ever more infamously used? Was selfishness ever more wantonly arrayed in the vestments of sanctity? Is this the mod-ern chivalry of the strong to the weak? Then let us surrender all our fair ideals and admit that might alone makes right. Is this the duty of great nations to small peoples? Then morality is a fiction. Is this the gospel of Jesus? Then let us repudiate the Golden Rule. Is this the crowning lesson of America to the world? Then let us renounce our democracy. This doctrine is a political Jesuitism infinitely more immoral than that of the old ecclesiastics. It is the maxim of bigotry, "The end justifies the means," re-shaped by ambition and greed. The mask is too thin and black. The colonial motive is not love for others. It is described by the word unwittingly put on their banners: Expansion, the expansion of our selfish selves. This teaching unbars the bottomless pit and lets loose 