331 A.101EMELICA.N VOL. 11, No. 42. which will be a true theocratical government in every sense of the word. Under a false idea of 'what such a govern-ment should be, men have made the attempt to establish a theocracy in this life, and in the attempt have made a most terrible failure. And this they always will do, for in their pres-ent imperfect condition of mind and body, it is an utter impossibility for them to comprehend what such a government should be that per-fect happiness may come to all its subjects. This being the case, should the attempt again be madeŠand that is just what is now, being attempted by the so called Christian worldŠnothing but misery and ruin, and utter defeat will come to those who attempt such a thing. From the foregoing, it becomes almost, if not quite, a self-evident proposition, that of all intelligent beings in the universe, not one except God the Father and Jesus Christ oc-cupies a position where he can institute a true theocracy. No others understand so fully the proper relations that exist between ruler and the governed, and the exact laws that grow out of these relations; nor yet the necessity of perfect obedience upon the part of subjects of a theocracy to those very laws. And more than this; none but spiritual beings, those who have been enlightened by the Holy Spirit, can understand those laws, and that for the very reason that these laws are spiritual, and spiritual things are spiritually discerned. God is a SpiritŠa spiritual beingŠhis gov-ernment is spiritual, and the laws that are the foundation of that government are spirit-ual also, and grow out of the relations that exist between spiritual intelligences. Let me illustrate: There was a time in the eternity of the past when there were no cre-ated beings; consequently no relations existed. But just as soon as there was one created being, at that point, in the very nature of the case, there existed the relations between Creator and creature. Out of this relation came, in the very nature of the case again, " the first and great commandment," "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy mind, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength." Thus supreme love to the Creator, the giver 'of all things enjoyed or to be enjoyed by the crea-ture, grew out of this relation. Following this, just as soon as there was another created being, just so soon there ex-isted, the relation between created beings; and because of this relation, in the very na-ture of the case, there existed at once, with-out any legislation or formal announcement of the same, the second commandment: "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." As before stated, none but spiritual beings can understand these relations, and those great commandments which grow out of these relations. Hence the utter folly of the claim that " a theocracy is yet to come; the king-dom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." Men of former generations were dazed with the idea of a theocracy,Šnot so much for the good of themselves, but for the good, as they thought, of others,Šbut that theocracy was a man-made theocracy, and the enforcement of church dogmas, and decrees of councils, all of which were considered as emanating from the laws of God; and all this was persecution of the other man, the weaker party. Now the men, and the women, too, of this generation declare that "a theocracy is yet to come," and they are working to this end;'but when made it will be only man-madeŠa false thebcracy. And that which is sure to follow will be enforcement of human interpretation of God's divine spiritual law. This will be persecution again of the weaker party. In this place let us consider another point. The Creator who understands best the form of government in which true happiness can be found, instituted a theocracy in the very beginning, yet left every intelligent being in the enjoyment of the utmost freedom of choice, as to whether to be a subject of that theocracy or not; for He delights not in slavery. "Where the Spirit of the Lord. is there is liberty." A true theocracy depends Šnot upon force or compulsion by civil law, or by any other power in heaven above or in the earth beneath, but upon the voluntary submission and the willing choice and con-sent of the governed. Anything short of this upon the part of the governed would be re-bellion or sin. And this is just where Adam and Eve failed. They did not make choice, or consent to the divine Governor and his laws. And this has ever been the failure of the race. But all through the ages there have been individuals who have consented to this form of government and found happiness in believing in God, and in obeying him. There is just one thing, therefore, that our theocratical friends- may doŠjust one thing that they should doi  and all others as well; and if they will only do this they will do the correct thing. Inasmneh as none but God can understand just how these laws should be obeyed; and inasmuch as man cannot and does not either understand or obey, and therefore stands in need of a touch of the recreative power of the Holy Spirit; and asnone but the Creator has that power to bestow through his Spirit, men can, one and all, submit to the influences of that Spirit, yield to the moulding, recreative power of God, and thus be made new creatures in Christ Jesus. If all will do this there will never be a desire to compelŠno thought of coercionŠand consequently no persecution. Persecu-tion by any people is an utter impossibility when they are in submission to the will of God. It is in submission to God, a voluntary choice of the individual, that all may become subjects of the spiritual kingdom of Christ, and subjects of that theocracy which will be set up when "He comes whose right it is" to rule. But it must be by voluntary consent of the governed. "And the Spirit and the bride say, come." "And whosoever will, let him come." Now is the time. Soon it will be too late. BISHOP KEANE'S REMOVAL. [N. Y. Independent, October 15, 1896.] IT is of no use for us to pretend that we know why the Pope has removed Bishop Keane so suddenly from the rectorship of the Catholic University. We do not know, and those that do know, if there are such, keep absolute silence. Of course there are sur-mises enough, which may or may not be cor-rect. Everybody knows that Bishop Keane is an adherent of the more liberal Catholic policy of which Archbishop Ireland is the leader, and Cardinal Gibbons is said to be, and perhaps is, a rather quiet adherent. But Archbishop Ireland has not been in Rome lately, and Archbishop Corrigan's lawyer rep-resentative has been there a year, and Dr. Schroeder, the conservative professor in the University has been there: and it looks as if the liberal policy and its leaders were now out of favor at the Vatican, even as they were unable to hold the control of Satolli's policy; so that this is the explanation of Bishop Keane's removal which first strikes every one. The order removing him says it is in accordance with a permanent policy  which does not allow anyone to remain per-manently in charge of an institution of learn-ing; yet no one seems to believe that this is the full statement of the case. Archbishop Ireland was hot in his first utterance on the subject, perhaps imprudent; for we hardly think he can control the selection of Bishop Keane's successor. But the Archbishop who has been so bitterly attacked, especially by the Germans, for his policy in public schools, has been strengthening his own position by his advance step, making his parochial schools all free, by which act he has proved himself a better friend of the parochial schools than any one of his enemies. NEWS AND NOTES. IT is asserted that the pope has been condUcting negotiations with King Menelek, of Abyssinia, for the release of Italian prisoners held captive by him, and that in this he has been successful where the Italian government has failed. Thus the papacy has swat a substantial victory in the eyes of the Italian people. THE political preachers continue to show their fidelity to the so-called American principle of the separation of Church and State by delivering stump speeches in their pulpits for their favorite Presiden-tial candidate. Are their congregations henceforth to' be parson-ridden? Shall clerical influence be a factor in all future elections 2ŠCatholic Review, Octo-ber 17. THE Toledo (0.) Weekly Blade, of October 8, pub-lishes an inquiry from a correspondent in West Vir-ginia, in which it is stated that if Mr. McKinley favors Sunday laws, he will lose about 40,000 votes of Sev-enth-day Adventists. The Blade, in reply, states that the Republican nominee does not favor Sunday laws, Neither the Blade nor its correspondent touches' the truth in the matter. A DISPATCH from Lima, Peru, dated the 13th inst. stated that the Chamber of Deputies had that day re-jected the proposition recently made by the Senate, to provide for the registration of non-Catholic mar-riages, thus making them legal, The proposition wasthe outcome of the agitation recently raised on the subject of marriage disabilities imposed on Protest-ants in Peru, Ecuador and Bolivia. Tux last Sunday in October has been designated by the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, and the General Conference of the Methodist Church, as a day to be devoted by church pastors and Sunday school teachers to the consideration of the obligation to "remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," and to the imparting of special instruction with reference to the Lord's day. We trust these instructors will not on that occasion overlook the fourth command-ment, nor that part of it which says, "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." ARCHBISHOP IRELAND, of St Paul, Minn., has come forward as the first Roman Catholic of note to espouse publicly the cause of a political party in the present campaign. In a written statement of his views made at St. Paul, Minn., October 11, in response to invita-tions from a number of prominent business men of that State, the archbishOp strongly denounced the Democratic platform, as being equivalent to a declar-ation of secession. The New York Herald, of October 16, states that "the Vatican, although favoring the candidacy of Mr. McKinley, does not approve of the recent letter of Archbishop Ireland supporting Mr. McKinley, because it mixes religion and politics, which the Vatican thinks would best be kept separate in the United States." 