THE AIVInIRICAN SENTINEL. 139 blance of such a command. Mr. Crafts manifests extreme scruples in the observance of Sunday, and it is certain that he manifests unneces-sary scruples, in that he wishes to compel others to do so against their will. Therefore his regard for it is superstition ; and since a fetich is the ob-ject of superstitious worship, we have proved con-clusively that Mr. Crafts makes a fetich of Sun-day. The columns of the SENTINEL are open to him to clear himself from this charge if he can. E. J. W. •Ł  4- "All MustRest, or None Can." THE statement is made in various ways by the advocates of Sunday legislation that the possibil-ity of rest for any is contingent upon compulsory resting on the part of all. If this be true, no one has ever had a day of rest, and no one has such a day at the present time. Those who advocate stricter Sunday legislation urge, as a prominent reason, that hundreds of thousands of people are now engaged in business on Sunday; this being the fact, and the logic of the claim which stands at the head of this article being correct, the most devout, who give Sunday wholly to worship and deeds of love, do not yet have a day of rest, neither can they have until the whole are compelled to rest, for their sakes. Putting the facts along-side this claim is sufficient answer to the claim. They show it to be false. Several other facts show the same thing. Devout Jews' in all lands, and through all the centuries, though often per-secuted and bitterly opposed, have conscientiously and successfully rested from their labors and bus-iness, not only upon the Sabbath, but upon many other religious festivals. If there were no other facts in history bearing on this point, other than those in connection with the Hebrew nation, the foregoing claim would be absolutely condemned. For more than two centuries in the United States, the Seventh-day Baptists, and in later years the Seventh-day Adventists as well, have observed the Sabbath strictly, finding no trouble in secur-ing a day of rest and worship, though in "the in-significant minority "Šas the friends of Sunday legislation describe themŠand in the midst of the world's busiest day. What is needed to secure a day of rest and worship, or, better still, "keep the Sabbath according to the commandment," is a con-science toward God, and a determination to obey him.. All else is valueless, and the strictest legis-lation does no more than create a legal holiday. The arguments upon which men attempt to base statements like that which heads this article, are futile, illogical, and deceptive. Facts deny the statement, and the attempted argument based upon the statement is destructive of regard for God and of conscience toward him. Not the outŁ ward compulsion of civil law, but the inward choice of the heart, settles the question,and regard for any day as a Sabbath will be destroyed in proportion as men induce themselves to believe that such regard must depend upon similar re-gard on the part of others, or upon the fact that others do or do not cease from their labors. It would be as logical to ask civil legislation to for-bid all profanity, upon the claim that the ability to refrain from taking the name of the Lord in vain on the part of one depended upon compell-ing all thus to refrain. He who respects God as he ought will not take his name in vain, though he dwell in the midst of blasphemy. He who re-gards the Sabbath as he ought will observe it as God requires, though he dwell in the midst of those who forget God, and trample upon his law. ŠSabbath Recorder. A Puzzled Reader. A FEW weeks ago we copied without comment an article from the New York Tribune, in review of a speech made by Col. E. F. Shepard, in which he claimed that God's seventh day was man's first day. The writer of that article showed so clearly the absurdity of Mr. Shepard's theology, and held him up to public ridicule so successfully, that we did net deem it necessary to add anything. But it seems that some have made the mistake of thinking that we indorsed Mr. Shepard's muddled theology, as is shown by the following letter re- ceived from an honest man in Columbus, Ohio. We quote the letter in full:Š " To-day I received the last number of the SENTI-NEL, dated April 24. Although I am a disbeliever in any kind of divine revelation, I read the SENTINEL with much interest, as it is a live paper. In the ar-ticle headed, ' The Seventh and First Days of the Week Are the Same,' I struck a snag. It may be that my skepticism is at fault, and that I do not cor-rectly understand the wording of the Bible. In the article referred to I find the following passage : ' The first Sabbath was God's seventh and man's first day. Thus God's seventh day of rest after the creation was man's first day of existence, so that his first Sabbath of rest was his first day, although it was God's seventh "This statement is not in harmony with chapters one and two of Genesis. There we find it asserted, twenty-third verse, 'And the evening and the morn-ing were the fifth day.' Twenty-sixth, 'And G6d said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness' Twenty-seventh, 'And God created man in his own image.' Thirty-first, `And God saw everything that he had made, and behold it was very good, and the evening and the morning were the sixth day.' Gen. 2: 2 says, ' And on the seventh day God ended the work which he had made ; and he rested on the sev-enth day from all his work.' " Now the day on which it is claimed that man was created, was the sixth, corresponding to our Friday ; and on the day following, which we call Saturday, God rested from his work and sanctified it. In con-sideration of these statements, or, rather, according to these assertions, it must be wrong to say, ' Thus, God's seventh day of rest was man's first.day of existence,' for on that first Saturday man had already existed one day ; that Saturday was the second day of man's exist-ence, according to my reckoning, which may be mis-guided, as I do not wear colored spectacles. My eyes must be at fault; else I cannot understand that you learned gentlemen did not point out the flaw in the argument of Col. Elliott F. Shepard. If you would deem it advisable to enlighten me on the subject, I would be under many obligations to you." We do not think that our good friend needs any enlightenment. He seems to be able to read the English language quite intelligently ; and we do not know of anybody who could state the facts in re-gard to the record in the first and second chapters of Genesis any better than he has done. Mr. Shepard's statement that the first and seventh days are the same is a self-evident absurdity. All the enlightenment that our correspondent needs is to understand that the Sunday-law business is contrary to reason and revelation, and that he must not be surprised at any fraud or absurdity that he may find in connection with arguments for it. Mr. Shepard has been chosen as the head of this great (ir)religious movement; and by virtue of his position as pastor of pastors, he finds himself obliged to give instruction to the clergy-men of the United States ; and, like anybody else who presumes to talk about that of which he knows nothing, he naturally makes many foolish statements. Still we would not be unnecessarily harsh on Mr. Shepard, for, although he is not a theologian, he makes full as good an argument for Sunday and Sunday laws as any doctor of divinity ever did; which only goes to show that what is needed for the success of the Sunday cause is, not knowledge, but power. Sunday Laws Antichristian. THE Pearl of Days (New York Mail and Ex-press) of February 8 contained an article en- titled, "The Sabbath and the Individual," by Rev. George S. Mott, D. D., the vice-president of the American Sabbath Union for New Jersey, from which we quote the following reasons why Sunday laws and their penalties must be made universal :Š " The person who keeps the law must not be put out and disadvantaged thereby, and this would be the case were there no penalties for breaking Sabbath laws. The merchant who closes his store might find that his neighbor who keeps open on Sunday was drawing away a trade which belongs to him. Now we must not permit the Sunday-keeping merchant to be the loser because he regards the law, and so must it be with all kinds of labor. Let public sentiment in favor of Sunday law die away, and try to popularize in this country the Sunday of France, and the Ameri-can will not be protected in his day of rest. Thus he would be compelled to work on that day or lose his situation. No public conscience or statutes will be on his side." This is one of the most common arguments for a Sunday law, and is urged by doctors of divin- ity who claim to be working in the interests of the gospel and pure morality; but to our mind it is one of the strongest evidences of the anti-christian character of all Sunday legislation. A Christian is a follower of Christ, that is, a follower of his example and teaching. Now let us quote a few words from his lips, that we may have his statements concerning what must be done by those who follow him Matt. 5:10-12: "Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake; for theirs is the kingdom of Heaven. Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad, for great is your reward in Heaven ; for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." Luke 6 : 22, 26 : " Blessed are ye, when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you from their company, and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil, for the son of man's sake." " Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets." Matt. 7:13, 14: "Enter ye in at the strait gate ; for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat ; bdcause strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it." Matt. 16 : 24, 25: "Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me. For whosoever will save his life shall lose it ; and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it." Luke 14: 27: "And whosoever doth not bear his cross, and come after me, cannot be my disci- ple." John 15: 18-20: " If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you. If ye were of the world, the world would love his own ; but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you. Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also perse-cute you ; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also." John 16 :33 : "In the world ye shall have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I have over-come the world." 