APRIt 16, 1896. 125 he may keep it up all his days; but so long as these things are confined to his thought, the civil power cannot touch him. It would be difficult to conceive of a more immoral person than such a man would be; yet the State cannot punish him. It does not at-tempt to punish him. This demonstrates again that with morality or immorality the State can have nothing to do. The State Punishes Incivility. But let us carry this further. Only let that man's hatred lead him, either by word or sign, to attempt an injury to his neigh-bor, and the State will punish him; only let his covetousness lead him to lay hands on what is not his own, in an attempt to steal, and the State will punish him; only let his impure thought lead him to attempt violence to any woman, and the State will punish him. Yet bear in mind that even then the State does not punish him for his immorality, but for his incivility. The immorality lies in the heart, and can be measured by God only. The State punishes no man because he is immoral. If it did, it would have to punish as a murderer the man who hates another, because, according to the true standard of morality, hatred is murder. Therefore it is clear that in fact the State punishes no man because he is immoral, but because he is uncivil. It cannot punish immorality; it must punish incivility. This distinction is shown in the very term by which is designated State or national gov-ernment; it is called civil government. No person ever thinks of calling it moral govern-merit. The government of God is the only moral government. God Is the Only Moral Governor. The law of God is the only moral law. To God alone pertains the punishment of immo-rality, which is the transgression of the moral law. Governors of men are civil governors, not moral. The laws of States and nations are civil laws, not moral. To the authorities of civil government pertains the punishment of incivility, that is, the transgression of civil law. It is not theirs to punish immorality. That pertains solely to the Author of the moral law and of the moral sense, who is the sole judge of man's moral relation. All this must be manifest to every one who will think fairly upon the subject, and it is confirmed by the definition of the word "civil," which is as follows:Š Civil: Pertaining to a city or State, or to a citizen in his relations to his fellow-citizens, or to the State. By all these things it is made clear that we owe to Cesar (civil government) only that which is civil, and that we owe to God that which is moral or religious. Other definitions show the same thing. For instance, sin as defined by Webster is "any violation of God's will;" and as defined by the Scriptures, " is the transgression of the law." That the law here referred to is the moral lawŠthe ten commandmentsŠ is shown by Rom. 7: 7:Š I had not known sin, but by the law; for I had not known lust, except the law had said, Thou shalt not covet. Thus the Scriptures show that sin is the transgression of the law which says, " Thou shalt not covet," and that is the moral law. But crime is an offense against the laws of the State. The definition is as follows:Š Crime is strictly a violation of law either human or divine; but in present usage the term is commonly applied to actions contrary to the laws of the State. Thus civil statutes define crime, and deal with crime, but not with sin; while the  divine statutes define sin, and deal with sin, but not with crime. As God is the only moral governor, as his is the only moral government, as his law is the only moral law, and as it pertains to him to punish immorality, so likewise the promo-tion of morality pertains to him alone. Mo-rality is conformity to the law of God; it is obedience to God. But Obedience to God Must Spring from the Heart in Sincerity and Truth. This it must do, or it is not obedience; for, as we have proved by the Word of God, the law of God takes cognizance of the thoughts and intents of the heart. But " all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God." By transgression, all men have made them-selves immoral. " Therefore by the deeds of the law [by obedience] there shall no flesh be justified [accounted righteous or made moral] in his sight." Rom. 3:20. As all men have, by transgression of the law of God, made themselves immoral, therefore no man can, by obedience to the law, becomes moral, because it is that very law which declares him to be immoral. If ever men shall be made moral, it must be by the Author of all morality. And this is just the provision which God has made. For " now the righteousness [the morality] of God 'without the law is mani-fested, being witnessed by the law and the prophets; even the righteousness [the moral-ity] of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all and upon all them that believe; for there is no difference; for all have sinned [made themselves immoral], and come short of the glory of God." Rom. 3: 21-23. It is by the morality of Christ alone that men can be made moral. And this morality of Christ is the morality of God, which is imputed to us for Christ's sake; and we receive it by faith in him who is both the author and finisher of faith. Then by the Spirit of God the moral law is written anew in the heart and in the mind, sanctifying the soul unto obedienceŠunto morality. Thus, and thus alone, can men ever attain to morality; and that morality is the morality of God which is by faith of Jesus Christ. To God Alone Pertains the Promotion of Morality. God, then, being the sole promoter of mo-rality, through what instrumentality does he work to promote morality in the world ? What body has he made the teacher of morality in the world ? the Church or the civil power, which ?ŠThe Church, and the Church alone. It is " the Church of the liv-ing God." It is "the pillar and ground of the truth." It was to the Church that he said, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature;" " and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." It is by the Church, through the preaching of Jesus Christ, that the gospel is "made known to all nations for the obedience of faith." There is no obedience but the obedience of faith; there is no morality but the morality of faith. Therefore it is proved that to the Church, and not to the State, is committed the promotion of morality in the world. This at once settles the ques-tion as to whether the State shall teach mo-rality or religion. The State cannot teach morality or religion. It has not the creden-tials for it. The Spirit of God and the gospel of Christ are both essential to the teaching of morality, and neither of these is committed to the State, but both to the Church. But though this work be committed to the Church, even then there is not committed to  the Church the prerogative either to reward morality or to punish immorality. She be-seeches, she entreats, she persuades men to be reconciled to God; she trains them in the principles and the practice of morality. It is hers by moral suasion or spiritual censures to preserve the purity and discipline of her membership. But to reward morality or to punish immorality pertains to God alone, be-cause, whether it be morality or immorality, it springs from the secret counsels of the heart; and as God alone knows the heart, he alone can measure either the merit or the guilt in-volved in any question of morals. The Inquisition Is in It. By this it is demonstrated that to no man, to no assembly or organization of men, does there belong any right whatever to punish immorality. Whoever attempts it, usurps the prerogative of God. The Inquisition is the inevitable logic of any assembly of men to punish immorality, because to punish immo-rality it is necesary in some way to get at the thoughts and intents of the heart. The Pa-pacy, asserting the right to compel men to be moral, and to punish them for immorality, had the cruel courage to carry the evil prin-ciple to its logical consequence. In carrying out the principle, it was found to be essential to get at the secrets of men's hearts; and it was found that the diligent application of torture would wring from men, in many cases, a full confession of the most secret thoughts of their hearts. Hence the Inquisi-tion was established as the means best adapted to secure the desired end. So long as men grant the proposition that it is within the province of civil government to enforce mo-rality, it is to very little purpose that they condemn the Inquisition; for that tribunal is only the logical result of the proposition. Ł is JESUS CHRIST IN THE CONSTITUTION. [The Independent, March 261 ONCE more the little band of agitators, led by those who will not vote for God's right-eousness, because the supreme authority of God is not mentioned in the Constitution of the United States, have brought before Con-gress their periodical bill for an amendment of the Preamble to the Constitution so as to recognize God as the source of all civil power, and Christ as the ruler of nations, and his supreme will as of supreme authority. The proposition has actually passed to a second reading in the Senate and is also before the House, and it is among the remoter possibili-ties that it may pass and be sent to the State legislatures for ratification. Possibly the character of the very devout men who have advocated the measure before the committees of Congress, and of the pronounced unbeliev-ers who have been moved to oppose it, may have affected the attitude of our legislators. We take the liberty to represent the views of the great body of Christian men in this country, and to explain why it is that they take no interest in trying to secure such a recognition of the Almighty in our organic law. In the first place they do not believe that a State is affected one way or another by a formal, and necessarily to a great extent per-functory acknowledgment of Jesus Christ. Religion is something that affects individuals, and affects States as it first affects individuals. The citizens are not Christians because the organic law of the State acknowledges Christ; but the State is Christian if the citizens are such. If all the lawgivers and judges and 