454 AMERICAN SENTINEL. were not fakes. This was declined, and he refused to allow the children to give games. "He was then arrested for using the mails to de-fraud. President Madding of the society positively swore that disembodied spirits could be materialized, but the other officers were not so sure. The defendant's attorney moved to dismiss the case on the grounds that as a legal proposition, a man cannot be held for refusing to do that which cannot be done, and the court sus-tained the motion and discharged Moran." Which Shall It Be? BY H. E. OSBORNE. on a Sunday morn he invokes God's blessing upon his congregation, whether he is praying for the church or the club? The church cannot be a good government club, neither can the good government club be the church, for the great Head of the church himself has distinguished and divided the functions of civil government and the church. What, then, can the pastor's congregation really be? If it is the church where is the club? and if it is the club what has become of the church? Who will properly name this new-fangled conglomeration? Freeport, Maine. The Sovereign Remedy for Human Ills. ONE of the latest propositions relative to the ad-vancement of the -modern so-called "good-citizenship" movement, comes from former Postmaster-General John Wanamaker, whose rare qualities of mind have won for him a triune crown of fame. In the commercial world he is esteemed as a prince among merchants. In the political field his success won for him a place in the na-tional cabinet, and more recently he has distinguished himself in seeking to overthrow "boss rule" in Pennsyl-vania. Last but not least, Mr. Wanamaker is Łfamous in the religious world as the model superintendent of the world's greatest Sunday school, and at the recent Inter-national Sunday-school convention he was'elected chair-man of the Executive Committee. Presumably Mr. Wanamaker's recent unsuccessful tilt with the Goth-like giant, Bossism (who still walks at large, be it observed), has caused him to unduly associ-ate political problems with his duties as a faithful Sun-day school superintendent. In any case Mr. Wanama-ker's fine intellect las brooded over political and Sunday-school problems, till it has hatched the following confes-sion of faith:Š "I believe a good government club in a Sunday school and in a church and the teaching of lessons on good citizenship, must be a part of the future work of our churches and Bible schools." To all of which a leading Sunday-school magazine makes haste to give decided approval, saying, "Well said, and well it will be when it is well done." Of course it must be presumed that Mr. Wanamaker here speaks as a Sunday-school worker and not a politician. Thus it is officially purposed by the head of the International Sunday-school movement, to make good government clubs of the churches, and transform the Bible schools into institutes of instruction in good citizenship! Doubt-less this proposition will be heartily indorsed by many who have not hitherto been so much interested in Sun-day schools as in politics. Now if it is the duty of some church members to join the good government club, it must be the duty of all the members. And when all the members of the church are also members of the club, how can the parson know, as From Sermon by Dr. Chas. A. Blanchard, President of Wheaton College. THAT we live in an age of confusion and unrest re-quires neither, statement nor proof. In social, political, religious life the winds are out, and all thoughtful men are asking: "What is to come next?" Meanwhile a thousand voices proclaim panaceas for all ills. More government or less, more relaxation or relaxation of a different kind, changes in doctrinal statements, aboli-tion of such statements, or a return to former state-ments of doctrine, social settlements, laws prohibiting tramping, employment of labor seekers at public ex-pense, single tax, Christian science or government own-ership of monopolies, each thinker has his "sure cure," but others will not adopt it, and so we whirl along to the end which God alone foresees. In the midst of this babel one voice low and solemn speaks ever the same marvelous word. In varying phrase with no variation in requirement, now as in the morning of creation, here as on Sinai or Mount Zion, God lays claim to the heart of man. This is his sove-reign remedy for all ills, personal, social, and political. He says to each man: "Son, give me thy heart." When this is done health will improve, times will be better, re-morse will end, fear will pass away, anxiety will disap-pear. And until this is done there can be no real cure of ill. The festering sore of human misery will continue until it destroys men or drives them to do this simple yet wonderful thingŠgive their hearts to Jesus. That this harmony is to come by voluntary surren-der is evident. There can be no enforced agreement. Unity may be pretended, but cannot exist until of two warring wills one chooses the other. That God should give way to man is impossible. He wills love and hope and justice, and to surrender these would constitute an abdication of his throne. It is strange that so frequently men wish to give God everything else but this which he desires. Bodily suffering, large sums of money, rites and ceremonies, all are freely bestowed at infinite cost in order to have peace with God, but the heart is withheld. Filled with pride, vanity, ambition, jealousy, envy and ill will, conscious of alienation in spirit from:the loving 