AMERICAN SENTINEL. 425 criminate very heavily in favor of their own people, giv-ing their ages as outside of the limit, while they put down the Protestants as within the limit. So eager have they been in some instances as to create a very curious situation. In one instance they reported both a man and his son as of the same ageŠjust twenty-one." The Frenth government maintains a-union of church and state, and such instances as these described are only ordinarypamples of its fruits. COMPTROLLER COLER, of this city, is conducting an investigation of the city's gifts of public money to "pri-vate charities," with a view to the cutting down of the appropriations. A published list of such institutions, with the amounts given the last year, contains things worthy of note. For example, compare the appropria-tions made in the following:Š "Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children  $30,000." "Foundling Society of the Sisters of Char- ity $295,568." "Nursery and Child's Hospital  $57,000." "New York Catholic Protectory $286,000." "Five Points House of Industry  $11,000." "Missionary Sisters, Third Order of St. Francis  $92,877." This shows how the idea of public appropriations to private "charities" "works" in practise. It secures much more than the "lion's share" of the funds for sec-tarian institutions. These denominational "private charities" are nothing more than institutions for the propagation, primarily, of the religious belief of the de-nomination, and the increase of its numerical strength. The public is taxed to promote sectarianism, under the guise of charity. The charity in all such institutions is a secondary matter. The national Government has decided to abolish such appropriations in affairs under its control, and the State and city governments would do well to follow its example. THE London Daily Mail recently printed a descrip-tion of the war strength of the Boers, referring particu-larly to their superiority over British South Africa in the possession of artillery, and making the statement that "No cause is more responsible for the insane war spirit that has lately come to a head among the young Boers than the knowledge that they possess this power-ful artillery force." This is a significant statement, and calls out this comment from an English exchange:Š "Most naturally, yet people insist that the great war preparations by the Powers of Europe is the best  guarantee of peace. But it does not work that way. Put a pistol into the hands of a boy, and he cannot be content without firing it off. Train a man as a pugilist, and he cannot rest without challenging somebody to a test of skill and strength. So when weapons of war are accumulated, and men are trained in their use, and the army is exalted as affording the most honorable career for a young man, a desire for war is inevitable." The Real Offense. I have recently called on a man who keeps a bicycle shop a few paces from the place where I am to be tried. He tells me that he does more work on Sunday than any other day of the week, and makes as much money on Sunday as on all the other days of the week together. He rents wheels and has to work all the time to keep them in repairs. I asked him where they went with his wheels. "Out on the race track," was his reply. This man said he knew he was doing wrong to run his shop on Sunday. "If I should go to keeping the seventh day," said he, "I should be arrested at once forworking on Sunday." It would really be not forworking on Sun-day, but for keeping the Sabbath. Yet this man, strange to say, advocates a Sunday law. I talk with many people here in the South who think that our country would be in an awful condition if there were no Sunday laws; but I am convinced of this, that the more strict the Sunday laws, the less regard there will be for Sunday. I have lived eleven years in Canada and six years in the States of Georgia and Mississippi. In the Province of Quebec where I lived they have no Sun-day law. Here they arrest men for the most trivial work on Sunday, that is, if he keeps the seventh day. Yet I have seen more Sunday work, Sunday games, Sun-day picnics, and Sunday travel in one year in Georgia than in the whole eleven years in Canada. In Georgia it is backed up by law and in the other case it is backed up by a religious sentiment. Religion by law is but shallow hypocrisy. True religion is imbedded in the heart, and needs no law to enforce its claims by pains and penalties. Hatley, Miss. R. S. OWEN. Fostering Infidelity. AN exchange prints the following:Š "One of the meanest revenges ever wreaked by big-otry upon a victim of its spite has been incurred by Rudolph A. Lee, a student in the University at Minneap-olis, Minn. "Mr. Lee is manager of the University baseball team and president of the graduating class. He is the son of ex-speaker W. E. Lee, of Long Prairie, and finished his course of study with credit to himself and teachers; but as he had the 'indiscretion' to arrange for a ball game between his team and another on Sunday, the faculty, has suspended him and he must wait a year for gradua-tion and the degree he has earned. Not less despicable is the action of the faculty in the case of young Rydeen, 