AMERICAN SENTINEL. 355 cise of their religious freedom that is -enjoyed by other denominations of Christians. I had read the following Article of the Bill of Rights of the State constitution of Mississippi:Š "SEc. 23. No religious test as a qualification for office shall ever be required and no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious sect or mode of worship; but the free enjoyment of all religious sentiments and different modes of worship shall ever be held sacred. Provided, the rights hereby secured shall not be con-strued to justify acts of licentiousness injurious to mor-als or dangerous to the peace and safety of the State." I find no other clause in this constitution making Seventh-day Adventists an exemption to those who may enjoy these rights. Neither can I conceive how the ex-tricating a few obnoxious weeds from my own garden can be construed to be an "act of licentiousness" or "Injurious toŁ morals or dangerous to the peace and safety of the State." If I could be convinced of this I-would humbly acknowledge my fault, pay whatever fines were imposed on me, and never pull any more weeds. But I am charged with having broken the Sabbath; this is the charge in the bond, while in the indictment it is for working on Sunday, the first day of the week. But what is Sabbath observance but a religious observance? It is most emphatically so. God's Word declares the Sabbath to be a sign between him aŁnd his people; that he gave it to them for that purpose, and that it would be a sign between him and them forever. See Ex. 31:13-17. Also that by keeping the Sabbath they are to know the Lord. Eze. 20:12,20. The Apostle Paul also agrees with this when he says in Rom. 14:6: "He that regard-eth the day regardeth it to the Lord; and he that re-gardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it." Here then is a religious service, and in respect to such the constitution of our State declares that "no preference shall be given to any sect" and their "free enjoyment shall ever be held sacred." Under this guarantee in the fundamental law of the State we have felt that we had not only the God-given right but the constitutional right towork six days and and to rest the seventh day as God has commanded in his eternal and unchangeable law. For my loyalty to God and for the exercise of this right I have been deprived of my liberty and brought before the authorities as though I were guilty of crime. The circumstances indicate very clearly that these who are taking a hand in this prosecution are acting purely from a religious prejudice. Work of various kinds is being carried on almost every Sunday in almost every community more than that with which I am charged, but no attention is paid to it. I am told that hundreds go to the river to fish on Sunday and the explosion of dynamite on that day to kill the fish can be heard miles from the river. On my way home from court I was told by a man of good standing in the community that he had run seven plows at a time on his farm on Sunday  and was never molested for it. Chopping wood on Sun-day is so common that it causes not the slightest com-ment and yet the only arrests made for Sunday work in this State for years that I have heard of is that of my seventh-day brother Robert Nash for cutting some sprouts from stumps in a field, and of myself for taking exercise with my hoe in my garden. The officer who arrested me stated at my dinner table on the day of my arrest that he could go out and work on Sunday and no attention would be payed to it; but if any of us would do the same thing we would be arrested for it. It is only prejudice. I feel clear before God in my faith and in my practice and now if it is his will that I should suffer for it I hope to bear it patiently. I have realized the presence of my Saviour in this experience thus far and his promise is, "My presence shall go with thee." Where he may lead I do not fear to follow. As we were going to court the officer said to me, "I have great sympathy for you people and you may be right, but you have a hard thing to buck against the whole State of Mississippi." "We are not bucking against the State of Mississippi," I replied. "We are the servants of God; he has given us commandments which we are bound to obey and he has promised to be with us. Those who molest us in this are 'bucking,' against God." God is my shield and in him will I trust. R. S. OWEN. • - Self-Government in New York City. WHILE the United States is slaughtering and devas-tating in the Philippines because the natives are savages who do not know how to govern themselves, it is inter-esting and instructive to note the status of the metrop olis of the United States as regards this same matter of self-government. Is New York City able to govern itself? In answer to the question we quote the following from the New York Independent, than which there could be no better authority on the subject. Under the heading "Boss Rule in New York," the Independent says:Š "The results of the Mazet Committee's inquiry as to the evils of boss rule in New York should be considered in connection with the political agreement or alliance which enabled Croker and his associates to take posses-sion of the municipal government. At the earlier ses-sions of the committee it was shown, chiefly by the ad-missions of the Tammany boss himself, how the judges, who had been required to pay large assessments for their nominations, were expected to use their political influ-ence for the enrichment of the boss and his associates; how various industries, depending in some measure upon the favor of the municipal authorities, were made to con-tribute something to the accumulations of the leader and his friends; and how this leader, in the words of his own boastful declaration, was working all the time for his 'pocket.' More recently the deplorable condition of the Police Department has been disclosed by the testi- 