240 VoL. 8, No. 30. NEW YORK, JULY 27, 1893 IM ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. READ " Some Press Opinions on Sunday Closing" on page 238. They throw a strong side light on the " great moral victory" gained for Sunday. A few more such " moral " victories and it will be quite impossible for the ordinary mortal to distinguish between morality and hypocrisy. Greed will be considered godliness. THE Christian Advocate tells of a wo-man in Baltimore who has succeeded in making a number of people believe that she is Jesus Christ. Well, there is noth-ing so very strange about that; millions of people believe just as absurd a thing, namely, that the commandment which says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath," enjoins the keeping of the first day; and the editor of the Advocate is among the number. There is nothing more absurd than the popular belief in Sunday sacred-ness. THE Christian Statesman says: "A greater peril to the Sabbath even than Sunday opening at Chicago, is the wide-spread Sabbath-breaking of Christians. It is the Achan that causes our defeats and delays our victory." It is a truly de-plorable thing that professed Christians so very generally disregard the Sabbath. Even the editors of the Statesman observe another day and heap contempt on the day the Lord sanctified and blessed. It is little wonder that the flocks go astray when the shepherds wander from right paths. The widespread agitation of the Sabbath question is rapidly destroying regard for Sunday, for it is revealing the fact that it is without divine authority. But as this becomes more apparent the demand for human law to bolster up the tottering institution becomes more imperative. Ephraim is joined to his idol. A SECULAR paper remarks that " the seizure of an Aztec god at Xohiltepec, in Moxico, by the Catholic Archbishop, has stirred up the god's Indian devotees, who threaten to go on the war-path in his behalf. He is of stone, and in form is partly human, partly aquiline. We presume that the archbishop must have believed he had a right to seize the god of the Aztec religion ; and yet it is a fact that, under the Constitution of Mexico, all religions are tolerated there, so that the Indians are as free to worship their god as the Chinese, for example, are to worship theirs." And then this paper,  which is none other than the Sun of this city, shows its utter lack of appreciation of the real principle involved, by saying: " We do not see, however, that the Indians of Xohiltepec need to do battle for their god. They can make another." A ZEALOUS Sunday preacher thinks that the Georgia railroads are in the hands of a receiver because the frown of God is upon them for running Sunday trains. It is, of course, a little difficult to prove a negative in such a case; but will the gen-tleman who advances the theory explain the accident to the Sunday school excur-sion train near East Aurora, N. Y., on Monday, the 17th inst., in which twenty-two persons were injured? Have Sunday schools become such wicked things that the Lord has to maim those who attend them ? or was this particular school alone at fault ? And while the gentleman is about it he might devote a little attention to the wind that demolished Sam Jones' tent wherein he was preaching on a recent Sunday. Is preaching in a tent on Sunday also wicked ? GOVERNMENTS have in past ages as- sumed to dominate the realm of conscience; the sequel is the history of the Inquisition. The thumbscrew, the rack, and the fagot are inseparable from the theory that civil government has any jurisdiction whatever in religious things. The advocates of re-ligious legislation may affirm that they would not carry it so far as that, but it is impossible for them to stop short of it with-out abandoning their theory. It is for this reason that we oppose all laws touch-ing religious questions and controversies. They are the beginnings of intolerance. If Sunday were not regarded as sacred there would be no demand for laws enforcing its observance. It is not physical rest but spiritual worship that is the object of Sun-day laws. It is therefore a matter that the State has no right to touch. It is for this reason that we oppose any and all Sunday laws. REFERRING to the Mail and Express, the World, in its issue of July 16, says The Evening Pharisee derives much comfort from the fact that the World's Fair is to be closed on Sunday because it doesn't pay to keep it open at full rates for half a Fair. It makes the sapient observation that " it has been demonstrated that the American people still believe in the preserva-tion of the American Sabbath." Oh ! do they ? Suppose you send one reporter to the churches of New York to-day and anotherŠif you think it won't imperil his soulŠto Coney Island, and tell your readers how the people observe the institution which you call " the American Sab-bath," meaning the obsolete Puritan Sunday. Cast your eye on the shores and waters of the Bay and the Sound; visit Central Park at the hour for music ; go to the summer gardens in the city and to the far finer and better free fields and woods of the country, and observe how American citizens seek and take needed rest and innocent recreation on the first day of the week. If you fail to find here many signs of what you call "the American Sabbath," make an honest inspection of Chicago and its environs after the  Fair shall be closed and tell us if you think the cause of religion, of morality or of education has gained by the barring of the gates through a false economy. The World is quite right. The small Sunday attendance proves nothing under the circumstances except that the people are not willing to pay full price for less than half a show. The false claim as to the significance of Sunday closing is a fitting finale to the means used from start to finish to secure it. THE editor of the Christian Statesman says : " We frequently hear of a minister going to the pulpit from a Sunday train. Why not prelude the sermon with theft or adultery, or murder, the commands against which are in the same code and,  much briefer than the Sabbath law ?" Mr. Crafts has asked the question; he ought to answer it. Why does he set at naught and utterly ignore the divine com- mand of the Sabbath, which says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath " ? And why does he without a shadow of divine au-thority keep Sunday, stealing for it the name given by God himself to the seventh day ? And why does he seek to bind the consciences of men to this day by unwar-ranted assumptions, and their bodies by civil laws ? LAWS setting apart certain days for re-ligious purposes and stopping on those days all the ordinary vocations of life, are contrary to the spirit of our institutions, and to the spirit of true Christianity; and should be opposed alike by the patriot and by the Christian. CHEAP TEN DAY EXCURSIONS TO THE WORLD'S FAIR. What the West Shore Railroad Has Done. THE DAYS ON WHICH THE SPECIALS WILL RUN. FOR some time past the management of the West Shore Railroad has been anticipating the time when all classes of people who desire to visit the World's Fair at the least possible expense, with the greatest amount of comfort, can do so. To this end their entire passenger equipment has been rebuilt, newly upholstered, fitted with toilet service, high back easy seats, etc., bringing their cars up to the highest standard, and rendering travel by the West Shore both comfortable and enjoyable. The World's Fair special trains will be equipped with every modern appliance, and tickets are now on sale by such trains to Chicago and return for one fare for the round trip, being valid for ten days. It will be impossible to find a better route to the World's Fair or one where every detail as to the comfort of the excursionists has been so thoroughly considered. If our readers miss the great Fair and a trip over the West Shore Railroad, regret will long linger on their minds. The dates on which these low rate tickets are valid are as follows: Wednesday, July 26; Tuesday, August 1st; Monday, August 7th; and Saturday, August 19th. A list of excursions for the balance of August, September and October will be published later. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 66  25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c 44  100 to 249 " " " " 61 - - 75c 46  250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 44  500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, "- - - 5 ;billings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 