342 AlOnalL-1,1ICA.N VAAL., VOL. 10, No. 48 No. 12. Each freeman shall swear by the blessed God to bear true allegiance to this dominion, and that Jesus is the only King. No. 13. No Quaker or dissenter from the estab-lished worship of this dominion shall be allowed to give a vote for the election of magistrates or any other officer. No. 14. No food or lodging shall be afforded to a Quaker, Adamite, or other heretic. No. 15. If any person turns Quaker he shall be banished, and not suffered to return under pain of death. BARS UP TO PRIESTS. No. 16. No priest shall abide in this dominion ; he shall be banished, and suffer death on his return. Priests may be seized by any one without a war-rant. No. 18. No one shall ride on the sabbath day or walk in his garden or elsewhere, except reverently to and from meeting. No. 19. No one shall travel, cook victuals, make beds, sweep house, cut hair or shave on the sabbath day. No. 20. No woman shall kiss her child on the sab-bath day. No. 21. The sabbath shall begin at sunset on Sat-urday. [Mr. Newton, commenting, said : " The twenty-first Blue Law, making the sabbath begin at sunset, was, of course, the law of the New Haven Colony and the law of our forefathers down to a com-paratively recent period. Under the Mosaic law Sab-bath began at sunset, and such has been the law of the Sabbath since the evening and the morning of the first day."] No. 22. To pick an ear of corn growing in a neigh-bor's garden shall be deemed a theft. No. 24. When it appears that an accused has con-federates, and he refuses to discover them, he may be racked. [This is about the only Peters' Blue Law to which Mr. Newton refuses to give a foundation in fact. He says: " I do not find any indication that this statement is true, and Trumbull says it is false." Anyhow, it is by no means a monstrously Blue Law, as compared with some of the black-and blue ones al-ready quoted.] No. 27. Whosoever publishes a lie to the prejudice of his neighbor, shall sit in the stocks or be whipped fifteen stripes. No. 28. No minister shall keep a school. DEATH FOR MEN STEALERS. No. 30. Men stealers shall suffer death. No. 31. ,Whosoever wears clothes trimmed with gold, silver or bone lace, above two shillings by the yard, shall be presented by the grand jurors, and the selectmen shall tax the offender at 300 pounds estate. No. 33. Whosoever sets a fire in the woods, and it burns a house, shall suffer death; and persons sus-pected of this crime shall be imprisoned without ben-efit of bail. No. 34. Whosoever brings cards or dice into this dominion shall pay a fine of five pounds. No. 35. No one shall read common prayer, keep Christmas, or Saints' day, make minced pies, dance, play cards, or play on any instrument of music, except the drum, trumpet and jewsharp. N o. 40. Adultery shall be punished with death. PARENTAL CONSENT NECESSARY. No, 43. No man shall court a maid in person or by letter without first obtaining the consent of her pa-rents; five pound penalty for the first offense; ten pound penalty for the second, and for the third im-prisonment during the pleasure of the court. No. 44. Married persons must live together or be imprisoned. No. 45. Every male shall have his hair cut round according to a cap. In conclusion and self-contradiction, the lawyer frankly admitted that "the Blue Laws of Peters are, for the most part, a reasonably correct statement of the law and practice of our forefathers of New Haven. Some of them are exaggerations Ł a few are fictitious, but probably not intentionally so." WHAT MAY WE NOT EXPECT NEXT? THE Mail and Express, of the 26th inst., had the following in its sporting columns:Š Many interesting club and century runs are sched-uled for this afternoon and to-morrow by the local cycling clubs, which should bring out a large attend-ance of wheelmen. Nearly every popular town within easy riding distance of the metropolis will be visited by one or more clubs, and many exciting brushes on  the road may be looked for. Of course, interest prin-cipally will be centered in the 100 miles ride of the Century Wheelmen, in which nearly every prominent club for miles around New York have representatives entered, in hopes of capturing the handsome club trophy, which will be awarded to the organization having the largest number of survivors. " To-morrow " was Sunday, Oct. 27; and the Mail and Express has long been the mouth-piece of the American Sabbath Union. The Mail and Express is also the champion of "law and order," and believes in enforcing " law because it is law," whether right or wrong, and that " the best way to secure the repeal of a bad law is by enforcing it." The Sunday " law " of New York forbids under penalty all "public sports, exercises, pastime, or shows, upon the first day of the week." The "many interesting club and century runs" "scheduled" for "to-morrow [Oct. 27] by the local cycling clubs," and noticed so ap- provingly by the Mail and Express, were all so many violations both of the " law" of New York and, from the standpoint of the Mail and Express, of the law of God. But does that paper really believe that Sunday is the Sabbath? ENFORCING BAD LAW. The President of the New York Social Re- form Club Says a Bad Law Ought Not to be Enforced. [New York Sun, Oct. 25.] Ex - ASSEMBLYMAN ERNEST HOWARD CROSBY, who introduced the High License bill in the Assembly several years ago, and is now president of the New York Social Reform Club, said last evening:Š " I do not sympathize with the present ex-cise movement in this city. It seems to me most unfortunate that the question of honest government has got mixed up with it. I dif-fer radically from those who think that the best thing to do with a law which is either bad in itself or ahead of or counter to public opinion is to enforce it. I believe that such laws should become dead letters. " I fully understand the dilemma in which officials find themselves who have sworn to enforce unwise laws, but there is one simple way in which to resolve the dilemma, and that is to resign the office, or, better still, to decline to take such an oath." ALL SUNDAY LAWS INTOLERANT. THE intolerant character of all Sunday laws, even the most " liberal," is illustrated from a legal standpoint, as follows, by a writer in the Boston Investigator, who signs himself, " An Iowa Lawyer ":Š John Doe and Richard Roe are arrested on Monday morning, accused of the crime(?) of working on Sun-day. Mr. Doe, on being arraigned, pleads not guilty, but admits that he had worked all day on Sunday, and that it was not the work of either necessity or charity. The court says that he shall have to find the defendant guilty under the law which provides: Section 4.072, Code of Iowa: "If any person be found on the first day of the week, commonly called sabbath, engaged . . . buying or selling property of any kind, or in any labor, the work of necessity and charity only excepted, . . . shall be fined in a sum not more than five dollars nor less th.an one dollar, . . . and shall be committed to the jail of said county until said fine, together with cost of prosecution, shall be paid." Mr. Doe.ŠBut, your honor, let me read the balance of that section, as follows: " But nothing herein con-tained shall be construed to extend to those who con-scientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath." Now, sir, it is true that I worked all day yesterday,  but I conscientiously observed Saturday as my Sab-bath. The Court.ŠThese facts, then, will change the nature of the case. Your conscience, although a matter of perhaps education, or a whim of your own, eliminates the element of crime from the case, and you are ac-quitted. The case of Mr. Roe is called; and he pleads not guilty. Admits that he rested on Saturday and worked all day on Sunday, alongside of Mr. Doe. Did you conscientiously observe Saturday as your Sabbath, or was your labor on Sunday that of necessity or charity ? Mr. Doe.ŠMy conscience prompts me to tell the truth. There was no matter of conscience with me in resting on Saturday; it was a matter of personal pref-erence; nor was there any necessity or charity in my labor on Sunday. I did it for the money. My con-science does not require me to observe any one day more than another. I disturbed no one with my labor, nor did I infringe upon the rights of any one. The Court.ŠYour conscience prompting you to tell the truth, and not going to the extent of requiring you to observe one day as a sabbath, constitutes you a criminal. It is the duty of the court to protect soci-ety against the acts of criminals. Our statutes, unlike those of Tennessee, are quite liberal. In this State you have the choice of two days, while in that State you are limited to one. If you cannot conscientiously observe the one, we will compel you to observe the other. This law is destined to regulate the conscience of the citizen in case the citizen will not regulate it himself, so a,s to keep one day at least. Such is one of the absurdities of Sunday " laws." Ł -4- Ł THE "JEWISH SPECTATOR" CORRECTS THE " SENTINEL." SOME weeks ago we printed the follow-ing:Š One of the ceremonies observed by Jews in the cel-ebration of Yom Kippur, or the Great Day of Atone-ment, is the sacrifice of a live chicken by each house-hold. The head of the house, it is said, swings a live chicken over the head of each member of his family, after which the fowl is killed by the rabbi and eaten by the family. New York has an ordinance against the sale of live fowls, and it has been the custom of the police to raid the Jewish quarter every year at the Atonement season and arrest all dealers found with live chickens in their shops. This year the Jews got an injunction, restraining the health authorities from making the customary ar-rests, but for some reason it proved to be invalid, and the authorities manifested a special zeal in making the raid. About fifty arrests were made on September 27th. The Jews declare the raid an outrage, and so it was. No sanitary code or other code that interfered simi-larly with a Roman Catholic festival or with the rights of popular Protestantism could survive a week in New York; and neither should this senseless regulation. It may be wise to restrict to some extent the sale of live fowls in a large city, but to apply such a rule so strictly as to prevent the Jews from observing a time-honored, though it must be confessed, a very foolish religious custom, is an exhibition of des-potism more worthy of Russia than it is of an Amer-ican city. The Jewish Spectator quotes this and then makes this comment:Š Our worthy contemporary and liberal co-worker does not state the case quite correctly. It is not one of the ceremonies observed by Jews, but only by a number of orthodox Jews, who still cling  to this superstitious custom, which has met with disapproval on the part of many celebrated orthodox authors of ritual codexes, and is " more honored in the breach than in the observance" by the intelligent orthodox Jews of New York and other cities. Nor is the chicken killed by the rabbi. (Why use italics?) Any orthodox Jew, an expert in killing fowls, having the permission of an orthodox rabbi, can follow this "bloody bnsi-slurs." But the logic of the SENTINEL is sound and to the point. The sanitary code of large cities requires that no fowls should be kept for any length of time by dealers, but in this instance the fowls for Kappores are immediately killed after the performance, hence the raid of the police is but an excrescence of preju-dice, and naught else. Had those poor Jews on East Broadway the influence of ward politicians, and of wealthy monopolists, the raid would not have been made with such vindictive zeal. The Board of Health of the city of New York neg-lects to enforce many a sanitary regulation much 