CHRISTIAN HARMS IN THE onloyiv 3T 3L,p.RANDRIA. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEYE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 20. NEW YORK, MAY 14, 1896. Price, Three Cents.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 39 Bonn STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. " CIVIL " REASONS FOR RELIGIOUS INTOL-ERANCE IN ROME. THE contest between Christianity and the Roman Empire, which began with the procla-mation of the gospel and ended only when Rome ac-knowledged the inalienable right of every man to wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, affords one of the most impressive object les-sons that the world has ever seen. The measure of religious liberty which we enjoy to-day is largely due under God to the self-sacrifice and heroic endurance of those men and women, yea, and even children, who fear-lessly offered themselves upon the altar of principle, scorning to save their lives by a denial of Him who has said: " If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you." A Contest Between Principles. The controversy between the Christians and the Romans was not a dispute between in-dividuals, or a contention between sects or parties. It was a contest between antago-nistic principlesŠbetween Christianity and Rome, rather than between Christians and Romans. On the part of Christianity this contest was the assertion of the principle of the rights of conscience and of the individual; on the part of Rome it was the assertion of the prin-ciple of the absolute absorption of the individ-ual, and his total enslavement to the State in  all things, divine as well as human, religious as well as civil. Jesus Christ came into the world to set men free, and to plant in their souls the genuine principle of libertyŠliberty actuated by love, Šliberty too honorable to allow 'itself to be used as an occasion to the flesh, or for a cloak of maliciousness,Šliberty led by a conscience enlightened by the Spirit of God,Šliberty in which man may be free from all men, yet made so gentle by love that he would wil-lingly become the servant of all, in order to bring them to the enjoyment of this same freedom. What Rome Claimed. The Roman Empire then filled the world, Š" the snblimest incarnation of power, and a monument the mightiest of greatness built by human hands, which has upon this planet been suffered to appear." That empire, proud of its conquests, and exceedingly jealous of its claims, asserted its right to rule in all things, human and divine. Manyith all that he had was subordinated  to the State; he must have no higher aim than to be a servant of the State; he must seek no higher good than that which the State could bestow. Thus every Roman citizen was a subject, and every Roman subject was a slave. "The more distinguished a Roman became," says Nfommsen, " the less was he a free man. The omnipotence of the law, the despotism of the rule, drove him into a nar-row circle of thought and action, and his credit and influence depended on the sad aus-terity of his life. The whole duty of man, with the humblest and greatest of the Romans, was to keep his house in order, and be the obedient servant of the State." To Acknowledge Christ Was to Deny Rome. It will be seen at once that for any man to profess the principles and the name of Christ, was virtually to set himself against the Ro-man Empire; for him to recognize God as revealed in Jesus Christ as the highest good, was looked upon by Rome as nothing else than high treason; because as the Roman State represented to the Roman the highest idea of good, for any man to assert that there was a higher good, was to make Rome itself subordinate. And this would not be regarded in any other light by Ro-man pride than as a direct blow at the dignity of Rome, and subversive of the Roman State. Consequently the Christians were not only called "atheists," because they denied the gods, but the charge against them before the tribunals was of the crime of " high treason," because they denied the right of the State to interfere with men's relations to God. It was held that in this they were " irreverent to the Cmsars, and enemies of the Coesars and of the Roman people." The Roman idea of the State was not merely the State as a civil institution, but as divinity 