458 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and not the first day is the Sabbath. Suppose you hon-estly believed that the seventh day or Saturday is the Sabbath, and that you ought to keep it. and that God commanded you to work six days, and then you would keep Sunday because you were afraid or ashamed to work on that day; what kind of an influence would that be? Would that not be a bad influence rather than to go on and work on the first day as God commands you, and as He himself did? and would not the State be exerting a worse influence in compelling you to keep Sunday con-trary to your religious convictions than you would were you to act according to your convictions. CharlieŠI believe it would, and I am almost con-vinced that Sunday laws are wrong and Sunday-keeping, too. Are you going to keep Saturday, George? GeorgeŠIf I ever make a profession of religion and join a church I will keep the seventh day. I could not do otherwise, as the commandment is just as plain as words can make it. CharlieŠI wish you would bring those papers over and let me read them; I want to post up on this ques-tion. GeorgeŠI will be glad to do so, for I know you will be interested. But I suppose we will have to go, or we will be late to school. I want to see you and have an-other talk with you on this subject. CharlieŠAll right; come over to our house next Sun-day and bring your Bible and those papers, and we will study up on this question. GeorgeŠIf nothing happens I will. Good day. The Ohio Baseball Sunday Law Decision. THE decision of Judge Ong, in the Common Pleas Court at Cleveland, Ohio, July 9, in the case of the State of Ohio vs. John Powell, representing the Cleveland base-ball club, adds one more chapter to the fund of legal lit- erature respecting the validity of Sunday laws. The sub-stance of Judge Ong's ruling (which we take from the Cleveland Recorder, of July 10), is as follows;Š "It will be observed that Section 7032A provides that `whoever on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, participates in or exhibits to the public with or without charge for admittance, in any building, room, ground, garden or other place in this State, any baseball playing, be or she shall, on complaint made within twenty days thereafter, be fined in any sum not exceeding $100, or be confined in the county jail not exceeding six months, or both, at the discretion of the court.' It is perfectly apparent to the mind of the court, and we think it must be to every one learned in the law, that such a statute must and does rest for its validity on one of two predi-cates, to wit: it must either be unlawful or an offense to play or exhibit baseball on Sunday because it is Sunday, or it must rest, in order to be an offense, upon the fact that it is an immoral game or exhibition falling clearly within the police power or regulation, and therefore, a crime and a violation of its provision punishable as therein provided. "Can the statute, then, be upheld, and is it a consti-, tutional act as resting upon the predicate that it is un- lawful and a crime to play baseball on Monday, or any other day of the week. If it rests upon thefact or is made a crime because it is played on Sunday, then it is clearly in conflict with the constitution and cannot be upheld, because the doctrine is well settled, and especially in Ohio, that all statutes which inhibit common labor,Šstatutes that refer to `the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday,' are not enacted or enforced to compel the ob-servance of that day as a day of religious worship, but as a day set apart by the statutes of Ohio as a day of rest. "No statute could be upheld under our constitution for one moment that required the people of the State of Ohio to attend any kind or any form of religious service on Sunday or any other day of the week. Such an act would be clearly in violation of the spirit and language of the organic law of the State, but no more so than would be a statute which undertakes to make the omis-sion or commission of an act a crime because it is done or omitted to be done on the first day of the week. `Again, if the power did exist to enact the statute under consideration and inhibit the exhibition or playing of baseball upon Sunday, then it would be clearly void because it makes no exception in behalf of that class of people who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as Sabbath. The Supreme Court of Ohio have two or three times very distinctly declared that a statute providing for the observing of the first day of the week, as a day of rest, is void and unconstitutional unless it contains a provision exempting those who'conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as Sunday for the operation of the statute. , "Whether the legislature of Ohio may or may not enact and place upon the statute books a section that would be constitutional and valid as inhibiting the play-ing of baseball on the first day of the week, we are not called upon to say; but clear it is to the mind of the court that as the statute now exists, enacted and grouped among a lot of immoral games, such as gambling, sale of intoxicating liquors, etc., the provision therein re-ferring to the game of baseball is unconstitutional and void." This decision, while its practical effect is against Sun-day legislation, still comes far short of what might have been stated with perfect truthfulness, upon the subject. The judge discriminates between rest and religicius wor- ship, two things which are distinct from each other in all ordinary cases, but which blend in one when we come to the matter of the observance of the Sabbath. Hence his argument at this point is defective. But this is purely a matter of religious beliefŠa truth which rests wholly upon a scriptural basis; and it serves here to illustrate the fact that a Sundarlaw must, in its very nature, in-volve a religious controversy. The court which is called to pass upon the validity of a Sunday law cannot avoid coming in contact with a religious question; namely, whether the mere act of rest- ing on Sunday is or is not an act of religious worship. And this is a question which no lawyer or judge, as such, is competent to answer. It is answered by revelation, and by that alone. 