DECEMBER `20, 1894. ..A.M121IEZJEC.A.N 395 ould "think to change times and laws," " and which Paul prophesied would " exalt himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped." " The papacy claims to be able to change the time of the Sab-bath of the Most High in the face of the plain command of God. On this point Cardinal Gibbons says :Š Is not every Christian obliged to sanctify Sunday, and to abstain on that day from unnecessary servile work? Is not the observance of this law among the most prominent of our sacred duties ? But you may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious ob-servance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify." A standard catechism of the Roman Catholic Church speaks thus plainly on the same subject :Š Question. ŠHave you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of precept ? Answer. ŠHad she not such power she could not have . Ł . substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of Satur-day, the seventh day, a change for which there is no Scripture authority. 47  Thus the church of Rome confesses that "the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week," is the Sabbath, instead of the "seventh day," originated with her. This is denied by some professed Protes-tants on the ground that Sunday was kept before the Roman Catholic Church was recognized as a distinct body. This does not alter the matter. " The mystery of iniquity," which now assumes the name Roman Catholic Church, was at work in Paul's day. But it devolves on those who keep the first day as the Sabbath and who deny the claim of Rome as the author of Sunday observance, and who accept the Bible as an infallible rule of faith, to find where the great Law-giver has abrogated the command to observe "the seventh day" and enacted a law enjoining the observance of the " first day.' But this they confess they cannot do. Here are some of their confessions. The Protestant Episcopal Church says : Is there any command in the New Testament to change the day of weekly rest from Saturday to Sunday ? None." TLe Church of England says :Š There are some points of great difficulty respecting the fourth commandment. . In the first place we are commanded to keep holy the seventh day; but yet we do not think it necessary to keep the seventh day holy; for the seventh day is Sattirday. It may be said that we keep the first day instead; but surely this is not the same thing; the first day cannot be the seventh day ; and whore are we told in Scripture that we are to keep the first day at all 2 We are commanded to keep the soventh ; but we are nowhere commanded to keep the first day. . . The reason why we keep the first day of the week holy instead of the seventh is for the same reason that we observe many other things, not because the Bible, but because the Church, has enjoined it.49  The Methodist Episcopal Church pub-lishes this:Š This seventh-day Sabbath was strictly observed by Christ and his apostles previous to his crucifixion. Mark 6:2; Luke 4; 16, 31 ; 13:10; Acts 1:12-14; 13: 14, 42, 44; 17; 2 Ł 18: 4.Ł . . Jesus, after his resurrection, changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week. . . , When Jesus gave instruction for this change we are not told, but very likely during the 'dime when he 44  Dan. 7: 25. 46  2 Them. 2: 4. 48 "Faith of Our Fathers," p. 111. " Doctrinal Catechism,' by Rev. Stephen Keenan, Imprim-atur, John Cardinal McCloskey: Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay Stn. et, New York, 1876, p. 174. 48 " Manual of Christian Doctrine," p. 127; published by James Pott & Co., 12 Astor Place, N. Y. 4' "Plain Sermons on the Catechism," vol. i, pp. 334-336 ; by Rev. Isaac Williams, B. D., Late Fellow of Trinity College, Ox-ford; Longmans, Green & Co., 15 E. 16th St., N. Y., and 39 Pa-ternoster Row, London, E. C.; also James Pott & Co., N. Y. spake to his apostles of the things pertaining to his kingdom.60  Says Rev. Edward T. Hiscox, a Baptist minister, author of the "Baptist Manual," in a recent address, before a Baptist ministers meeting of New York City :Š There was and is a commandment to " keep holy the Sabbath-day," but that Sabbath-day was not Sunday. It will however be readily said, and with some show of triumph, that the Sabbath was transferred from the seventh to the first day of the week, with all its duties, privileges and sanctions. Earnestly desiring information on this subject, which I have studied for many years, I ask, where can the record of such a transaction be found ? Not in the New Testament,Šabsolutely not. There is no Scriptural evidence of the change of the Sabbath institution from the seventh to the first day of the week. I wish to say that this Sabbath question, in this aspect of it, is in my judg-ment the gravest and most perplexing questson con-nected with Christian institutions which at present claims attention from Christian people. Space will not admit the introduction of a great mass of similar confessions from other professedly Protestant denomina-tions. And now, we ask, when a civil govern-ment transforms itself into an image of the papacy and commands men to obey its decrees in the spiritual matter of Sab-bath-keeping, and attempts to compel men to observe the first day as the Sabbath, when God says, "the seventh day is the Sabbath," and since the first day Sabbath is the Roman Catholic Sabbath, and since "such submission in spiritual things is real worship," it follows that to obey such laws is to worship, not only the image of the papacy but the papacy itself, and this is just the view which Roman Catholics take of the question in the following quo-tation Thus the observance of Sunday by the Protestants is an homage [worship] they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the [Roman Catholic] church.41  But this is not all. Not only does the papacy claim the power to change the law of God; not only does it claim to have changed the Sabbath, the seventh day, to Sunday, the first day, but it puts forth this very change as a mark or sign of its power to command the obedience of men under penalty of sin. Here is the claim:Š Question.ŠHow prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days ? Answer.ŠBy the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of; and there-fore they fondly contradict themselves, by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts com-manded by the same church. Question.ŠHow prove you that ? Answer.ŠBecause by keeping Sunday, they acknowl-edge the church's power to ordain feasts, and to com-mand them, under Sin. 52  And now from all this it is clearly seen that when Seventh-day Adventists refuse to obey laws made to compel the observ-ance of the first day as the Sabbath of the Lord, they refuse to obey or worship a power which by the very act of deciding which day is the Sabbath, and enforcing that decision upon them, transforms itself into an image of the papacy. They refuse 'also to obey or worship the papacy itself, which originated the Sunday rival of the Sabbath of the Lord. And, lastly, they refuse to receive, either with a willing mind or under the hand of compulsion, the Sunday institution which the papacy itself claims as the mark of its power. And in thus refusing they are acting in 58 Binney's Theological Compend, Improved," by Rev, Amos Blaney and Rev. Daniel Steele, D. D.; Hunt and Eaton. New York; pp. 170,171. 44  "Plain Talk about the Protestantism of To-day," by Mgr. Segur; Imprimatur, Joannes Josephus Episcopus, Boston; Thomas B. Noonan & Co., Boston, 1868, p. 213. An Abridgment of the Christian Doctrine," by Rev. Henry Tuberville; Imprimatur. the Right Rev. Benedict, Bishop of Boston; Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay Street, New York, 1833, p:58. harmony with the warning found in "The Revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave unto him to show unto his servants," which says : " If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation : and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb: and the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever : and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name. Here is the patience of the saints : here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 14: 9-12. This is the reason why Seventh-day Adventists cannot obey Sunday laws until they are repealed. To the statement that this position will bring them in conflict with every civilized government in the world, they answer that the Lord has pre-dicted that the " kings of the earth and their armies " would rally to the support of this papal apostasy against those "who keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." But blessed be his name, the " King of Kings and Lord of Lords" " marshals the "armies in heaven" for the defense of the faithful few who keep the commandments of God, and joins in battle with " the beast and the kings of the earth and their armies,"" and the "beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that wor-shiped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone." 55"And them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God. And they sing the song of Moses the servant of God, and the song of the Lamb, saying, Great and marvelous are thy works, Lord God Almighty; just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints." " And the great controversy between truth and error, the battle of the ages, is ended. Still Troubled by Adventists. " FATHER" WALTER ELLIOTT, a Cath-olic priest of the order of the Paulist Fathers, in writing from Michigan, some months since, said of Seventh-day Advent-ists : " The sect is the most venomous en-emy of Catholicity in these parts." Mr. Elliott is still troubled by the Adventists, who attend his meetings in Ohio, as they did in Michigan, and fill his question box with queries that seem to almost upset the equinimity of the doughty priest. In the Catholic World for December, Priest Elliott says :Š In the question box our only abundant matter was furnished by the Seventh-day.  Adventists, for their propaganda had won over a little band of fanatics. They seemed to be surprised that I took the Protestant side of the controversy on the question of Sunday observance, and then they deluged us with angry interrogatories, I maintained that, first, a "Bible Christian," one who holds to the private interpretation of the Scriptures as the only rule of faith, can and must believe that the entire ceremonial law of the Jews is totally abolished by Christ, including all liturgical observances whatever, no less the Jewish Sabbath than the Jewish sacrifice. Second, I maintained with the catechism of the Council of Trent that there is 5,  Rev. 19: 16. " Rev. 19: 19. 65  Rev. 19: 20. 58  Rev. IS: 2,3. 