218 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the New England Sabbath Protective League, in his clos-ing speech, after the speakers for the remonstrance had riddled the Sunday banner for three days with telling arguments,, positively denied any responsibility concern-ing the initiation of the movement, although the secre-tary of the legislative committee told me in private that said organization did originate the measure. The attorney for the petitioners, also, denied any responsi-bility in the matter. "But it was a grand affair. Mr. Geo. Fifield spoke for the International Religious Liberty Association. Three speakers spoke for the "Free Religious Society,"Šan organization whose principles relating to the rights of conscience are identical with our own. I was over-whelmed with the thought all through the hearing that the future will witness a grand struggle over the rights of conscience here in New England, before the chains to enslave the souls of men are fully forged and fastened on the victims. "It did me good to see those noble men declare so boldly for personal liberty. The hearing consumed four days, scarcely finishing on the fourth. When the com-mittee reported to the general court, on the Sunday bills, the verdict was, 'Ought not to pass.' On the third, the principle measure, however, they granted 'Leave to with-draw.' That was the conclusion of what I regard as a very notable hearing. It was very evident that the mem-bers of the committee had been careful readers of the SENTINEL. Proof of this was evident from the manner in which the petitioners were questioned." The great call of the hour is for educationŠeducation of the public mind relative to the principles which define the proper attitude of the state toward religion. There is no more imperative call than this. Shall this "Christian Nation" Follow Christian Principles ? THIS is the question that has been raised by represen-tatives of the peace loving Society of Friends of a neigh-boring district, in view of the threatened outbreak of hostilities between the Government and Spain. It is pre-sented in the form of a memorial "to the President, his Cabinet, and the Congress of theUnited States," by "The Representatives of the Religious Society of Friends for Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Delaware, respecting the controversy between the United States and Spain." The memorial recognizes that this nation has been adjudged to be a Christian one, and this being so, it calls for action in harmony with the principles of Christian conduct, as plainly set forth in the Word of God. The memorial is worthy of perusal. It "respectfully repre-sents":Š "That for some months past we have regarded with deep interest and solicitude the disturbed relations be-tween our Government and that of the Kingdom of Spain in connection with the insurrection in the island of Cuba. "We sympathize with the friendly efforts that have been used by the present, as well as by the late Adminis-tration to interpose the good offices of the United States  in bringing to a close the inhuman warfare between Spain and her insurgent colony, and we deplore their want of success and the continued sufferings of the Cuban people. "Whilst desiring to uphold the hands of the President in all that may conduce to the benevolent end proposed by him, we are firmly impressed with the belief that this purpose is not likely to be attained by a menace of mili-tary force on the part of the United States. Should the irritation now felt by the two nations toward each other be inflamed to the point of open warfare, while we may profess to be actuated by the humane desire to relieve the sufferings of the non combatants in Cuba, shall we not be amenable to the charge of inconsistency by bringing on a second calamity which would add to, rather than remedy, a prior evil? The soldiers and sailors of the United States who will, in case of war, be thrust into the front rank of the battle, many of whom may lose their lives or limbs in the contest, and whose families must suffer the be-reavement of husbands, fathers, and brothers, have surely no less a claim than the people of a foreign country upon the kind consideration of our rulers. Great and solemn indeed is the responsibility of men in power, whose action may light the flames of war and doom to death and unŁ told misery many of their fellow beings, who have had no voice in its inception. "We hold the belief that there can be no difference be-tween nations that cannot be more advantageously ad-justed to the real interests of both parties by peaceful negotiation or arbitration than by a resort to arms. That the principles of the Christian religion forbid war as emphatically as they do private combats; and that na-tional honor cannot be vindicated' by mutual destruction and injury. "Should the United States and Spain be unable to adjust their present differences by the ordinary methods of peaceful diplomacy, we would urge the resort to arbi-tration as a course honorable in itself and in accord with the spirit which should animate a Christian nation. This method has been frequently and successfully resorted to by the United States in its intercourse with powerful gov-ernments, and would be no less just and honorable when a weaker one is involved in the controversy. In the in-tercourse between individuals, no dispute, however seri ous or however it may touch an imaginary sense of honor is regarded as beyond the ordinary peaceful process of the courts. Why then should the same principle be less ap plicable to the settlement of international differences? "We call our Union a Christian, nation. The Lord Jesus Christ, whom we thus claim to follow, inculcated a loving regard on the part of his disciples toward all men, even to their enemies. An inspired apostle has declared that 'the wisdom which is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, and the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace of them that make peace.' James 3:17-18. "We would, therefore, express our earnest desire and hope that pacific counsels may still prevail with our hon-ored President, as we have rejoiced to believe that they have in good measure done, in the management of the momentous questions now pressing upon him, and that all departments of the Government may calmly seek for Divine counsel so to direct them as to be instrumental in promoting the true interests of our beloved country, and receive the blessing pronounced by the Prince of Peace upon the peacemakers. 