JAN. 26, 1893. Aavnatts C ]nN'''IPINML.. if requested on Monday to take a run with a playmate, say, " My mother says that it is wicked to roll hoops " ? Cer-tainly not. The fact that his mother specified the day of the week, when she bade him not to roll his hoop, showed plainly that the thing itself was not wrong in her eyes, but that she was troubled only for the desecration of the day. But the other lady sees her boy out in the garden beating a poor, harmless kit-ten. Will she call out to him, "Jack, don't you know that it is wrong to beat kittens on Sunday? Leave off at once " ? Indeed she will not. She will peremp-torily command that he stop beating the kitten, and call him to account for cruelty to animals. Not a word will be uttered in regard to the day. And Jack will not get the idea that it is all right to beat kittens provided he does not do it on Sunday. Now why this difference in the way the two ladies reprove their sons ? Simply this, that the first boy is doing a thing which is all right in itself, but which would be wrong if there were any sacredness to Sunday; while the second boy is doing a thing which is wrong in itself, no matter what the day, and no more wrong at one time than at another. From this it will appear that the move-ment to stop the sale of liquor on Sunday is simply an effort to enforce the observ-ance of Sunday. Indeed, the memorial states that the measure "is based upon the peculiar character and circumstances of the day." It is a movement wholly in the interest of religion, but not true religion, however, for true religion was never aided in any way by civil legisla-tion. Religion is a matter between the individual and his God, with which gov-ernment has nothing to do. Since the foundation of the world, every attempt to uphold religion by civil law has been a victory for the devil. This seems like strong language, but a few words will show that it is warranted. True religion is an affair of the heart and life, and not of form. " Pure religion and undefiled before our God and Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself un-spotted from the world." James 1: 27, R. V. And "if any man thinketh himself to be religious, while he bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his heart, this man's religion is vain." Verse 26. Now it must be evident to everyone that gov-ernment can not do anything that will in any way change a man's heart. Civil legislation can not in the least degree af-fect a man's life and character. It can no more make a man religious than it can cure him of consumption. But the effect of all religious legislation is to cause men to think that religion is but an outward formŠthat he who complies with the civil law has discharged all the obligations of religion. This has invariably been the result. Therefore the inevitable outcome of all religious legislation is to lower the standard of religion among the people. It is evident, therefore, that the sincere, well-instructed Christian must be the one who is the most opposed to all religious legislation. As lovers of the Lord Jesus Christ, and of his gospel, we could not for a moment admit the right of any gov-ernment on earth to meddle in any way with religious questions. And our oppo-sition to such legislation would not in the least be diminished if the thing sought  to be enforced were right in itself. As a matter of fact, Sunday observance has not the slightest warrant in the Scriptures, but if it had, the principle of the case would not be altered.. It is a religious, and not a civil institution, and therefore with it the State has no business to deal. The fact that men have long been ac-customed to regard the day, and that the observance of it is almost universal, does not give the State any right in the mat-ter. Surely it will not be claimed that all the world combined are equal in im-portance to the Lord Jesus Christ. He alone is a greater majority than all men together. But he did not use force to bring people to his ways. Said He, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12:47. Nay, he prohibited his follow.. ers from using force in any way. When the multitude came with swords and staves to take Jesus, and Peter, having a sword, drew it and cut off the ear of one of the men, Jesus healed the wounded man, and said to Peter, " Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword. Thinkest thou that I can not now pray to my Father, and he shall pres-ently give me more than twelve legions of angels ? But how then shall the Scrip-tures be fulfilled that thus it must be ?" Matt. 26: 52-54. Jesus could in an instant have put all those men to flight. He had power enough to compel all men to acknowledge his claims. But then the object for which he cams on earth would not have been accomplished. He came to convert men by the power of his own life of love, and not to change their actions only, without their hearts being affected. And even so is the object of the gospel frustrated whenever any of His professed followers think to advance it by the arm of civil law. This question has to do with the very heart of the gospel, and therefore we shall have much to say about it in the future. He Misunderstands Us. A PHYSICIAN in Tennessee who has re-ceived several copies of the SENTINEL from a gentleman in the State of Wash- ington, writes us as follows:Š Green Brier, Tenn., Jan. 8, 1893. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: In your paper of October 13, 1892, you say: "The whole trouble is in the fact that the Government ever became in-volved in the support of denominational schools among the Indians or anywhere else. The Gov-ernment can be impartial as between the sects only by letting religion and all religious questions entirely alone." This expresses my idea on this great question now confronting the American people, so perfectly that I can not do better than to copy it entire. In your issue, however, of December 1, under the head of "Religious or PoliticalŠWhich ? " you say: " To be sure the Bible is the rule for all, or should be," etc. Now, my dear brother, you must allow me to say that this shows clearly just where your intol-erance comes in. Does the Constitution of the United StatesŠwhich is the magna charta of our liberties rather than any BibleŠtell us that the Bible is the rule for all ? Nothing of the kind, On the contrary, it distinctly disavows both in spirit and letter any commendation of any Bible, leaving the citizen to be guided by any Bible or no Bible, claiming only his allegiance to the Con-stitution or the laws made under it. I ask no other ground to stand upon, to successfully com-bat the audacious pretensions of the Catholics on the educational question, or to join with you in protecting those who believe the seventh day to be the Sabbath. I readily concede you the field, when you undertake to prove from the Christian  Bible that Saturday is the Sabbath, for I am fully settled in the conviction that all time is sacredŠthat one day is just as much so as another. I believe the trouble now brewing on these sub-jects is the result of overtures from the Catholic party with leading Protestant clergy, and that nothing short of a union of Church and State in this country is aimed at, and hence want to see all religionists patriotic enough to stand on a platform free from sect entirely. In this way only can we ride sucsessfully the impending storm. -Yours respectfully, V. FELL. Our correspondent evidently misunder-stands our position. The SENTINEL does teach that the Bible should be the rule for all, and that all are under obligation to obey its teaching; but by this we do not mean that any human power has any right to require anybody either to believe or to obey the Bible. The obligation to accept the Bible as the rule of life, is purely a moral obligation, and civil government can, properly, have nothing to do with it. The Influence of Paganism upon Chris- tianity. IN the Apostolic Age there was the sharp-est possible line of demarcation between the Church and the world. "The 'world lay in the wicked one; " he was " the god of this world." The condition of Gentile society under the Empire was unspeakably corrupt. The truly frightful stigmas branded upon its forehead by Saint Paul in the first chapter of the Epistle to the Romans, are burned into it no less indelibly by its own poets, romancers, satirists, and philosophic teachers. The writings of Juvenal, Persius, Petronius, Apuleius, Suctonius, and Martial, have been called by a great French writer the pieces justi-ficatives of Christianity ; but the terrible indictment of Saint Paul is proved to the letter, and in every particular, not only by these, but in the graver pages of Tacitus, Seneca, and Pliny. The powers of evil, which could not prevent the triumph of Christianity, did their utmost to render it ineffectual. They wrought to weaken the spirituality of the Church, and to poison the inner springs of her life, in exact proportion as she won the political dominance. " The religion of Constantine," says Gibbon, with perfect, truth, "achieved in less than a century the final conquest of the Roman Empire; but the victors themselves were insensibly subdued by the arts of their vanquished rivals." The nominal mem-bers of the Church more and more sank back into the seductions of the world, as the Church was more and more able to set at defiance the hatred, contempt, and per-secution which has done their utmost to destroy her existence. It may not be un-instructive to touch on one or more of the directions in which the devil tried to reduce to unreality and impotence the victory which had overcome the world. Of the corruption of theology I do not here speak. The early presbyters and bishops of Christianity (the two words were originally interchangeable) were often men of humble rank, and since they were placed by their position in the forefront of the battle, and were the first to perish by the sword, the stake, or the wild beasts in early persecu-tions, there was little to tempt avarice or ambition in their spiritual dignity. It is said that almost all the early bishops of Rome perished one after another by martyrdom. When, however, Constan-tine had laid his somewhat tainted hand 