THE AN'IERICAN SENTINEL. 91 National Reform circles, and we do not propose to stop the paper. Sorry are we, Mr Faris, that we cannot please you, but in our judgment and perhaps "in the judgment of most Christians" in this matter, " you are on the wrong side"Š at least as yet. A. T. J. The American Hierarchy. IN our remarks on the "National Reformed Constitution," in the SENTINEL for November, we closed with these words: "If there are any nf our readers who do not yet see that the suc-cess of the National Reform movement will be the establishment of an absolute hierarchy in this nation, we ask them to wait till the next issue of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, when we prom-ise, if the Lord will, to present such evidence both of fact and of law, as shall leave no room for any reasonable doubt." We now propose to fulfill our promise. Let it be observed that the immediate effect of the Religious Amendment to the Constitution, will be to make the ten commandments the su-preme law of the land. In a word, the ten com- mandments will then be the Constitution of the United States. This is what the National Re-formers propose, and here is the proof. In the Christian Statesman of February 21, 1884, Rev. J. C. K. Milligan presented an article in which he asked the question, " How is the Amendment to be carried out practically ?" And in the an- swer to this question he made this statement:Š "In brief, its adoption will at once make the morality of the ten commandments to be the su-preme law of the land, and anything in the State constitutions and laws that is contrary to them will become unconstitutional." Now the ten commandments are the law of God. The ten commandments are, for the uni- verse, the supreme standard of morals. It is the moral law. Every duty enjoined in the Bi-ble, that is to say every duty of man, finds its spring in some one of the ten commandments. This law takes cognizance of the thoughts and intents of the heart. To violate that law, even in thought, is sin. For said Christ: "Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery; but I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her bath committed adultery with her al-ready in his heart." And again: " Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, Thou shalt not kill; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment; but I say unto you, That whosoever is angry with his brother with-out a cause shall be in danger of the judgment; and whosoever shall say to his brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the council; but whosoever shall say, Thou fool, shall be in danger of hell fire." Matt. 5 : 21, 22, 27, 28. And " Whoso- ever hateth his brother is a murderer." 1 John 3 : 15. This is sufficient to show that the ten com-mandments deal with the thoughts, with the heart, with the conscience. By this law is the knowledge of sin (Rom. 3:20); in fact, God's own definition of sin is that " sin is the transgression of the law." 1. John 3: 4. And as already shown, the law may be transgressed by thinking illy or impurely of another; it is immoral to do so. Let it also be observed that the National Re- formers not only propose to make the moral law, the supreme lawŠthe ConstitutionŠof the Gov-ernment of the United States, but they propose to make themselves the supreme interpreters of that law. Again we quote Mr. J. C. K. Milli-gan's words:Š "The churches and the pulpits have much to do with shaping and forming opinions on all moral questions, and with interpretations of Scripture on moral and civil, as well as on theo-logical and ecclesiastical points."ŠChristian Statesman, February 21, 1884. Now there is absolutely nothing that a man can do, or say, or think, that does not involve a moral question. The National Reformers propose to bring about in this Government, a condition of things by which they shall have " much to do " with " all moral questions," and " with interpretations of Scripture on moral points; " which is only to say that they propose to have "much to do" with what every person does and says and thinks. Therefore it is proven to a demonstration that the direct aim of the National Reformers is to establish in this nation a hierarchy perfectly patterned after the infa-mous model of the Papacy. We have' not the space, nor will it be con-sidered necessary, in confirmation of this, to take up the ten commandments one by one. One of them will be sufficient, and we shall choose the one upon which the National Re-formers themselves make their greatest argu- ment for national guilt, that is, THE FOURTH COMMANDMENT. Bear in mind that in the National Reformed Government, the fourth commandment will be a part of the Constitution of the United States, because the ten commandments will be the Con-stitution. Then everybody in the United States will have to keep the fourth commandment, for to refuse to do so will be rebellion. Now let no one misunderstand us. Our opposition is not against the ten commandments, nor against any one of them. We believe most decidedly in keeping the ten commandments, in every jot and tittle, according to the word of Christ, and we teach men so. In short, we believe in keep-ing the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus. We strictly practice in accordance with this belief. Therefore what we shall ever say on this subject, let no one misconstrue into an opposition to the ten commandments, nor to Christ, nor to the Bible. Our opposition is solely to the National Reform movement, and to the hierarchy, the establishment of which is the object of that movement. We believe in strictly keeping the moral law, in deed, in word, and in thought; but we decidedly oppose the project of the National Reformers to put civil government into the realm of morals, to make civil rulers moral governors, and to make a set of ambitious clerics the supervisors of men's thoughts and the conservators of men's con-sciences. Suppose then that the National Reform move-ment has proved a success. The ten command-ments are the supreme lawŠthe Constitution of the GovernmentŠand the National Reform-ers set about to accomplish one of the "practical results" that is sought by their Amendment, namely, " the perpetuation of the Sabbath."ŠSee Resolutions, Pittsburg Convention. The Na- tional Reformers expect a "universal gather- ing" and " discussion " about the changes that will be made in the Constitution, and this ques- tion of the bearing of the ten commandments will, in the nature of the case, be the chief, be-.  cause the ten commandments are to have the chief place in the " Reformed " Constitution. And as the ten commandments are to have the chief place in the Constitution, and as the fourth commandment of the ten is to have the chief place in the efforts of the National Reformers, it follows that the bearing of the fourth com-mandment will be the one great national ques-tion in the National Reformed Government. What then says the commandment? Let us read:Š " Remember the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man-servant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; fbr in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath-day, and hallowed it." Even now there is no little discussion about the meaning of this commandment. There are the Jews who profess to keep the command-ment, and they keep the seventh dayŠSatur- day. There are the National Reformers and the evangelical Christians generally who also profess to keep the commandment, and they keep the first dayŠSunday. Then between these extremes there lies a third class who are not Jews, neither are they classed as " evangel-ical" Christians, yet they profess to be Chris-tians, and profess to keep the fourth com-mandmentŠwe refer to the Seventh-day Bap- tists and the Seventh-day Adventists. These insist that to obey the commandment, the sev-enth day must be kept even by Christians. There are yet others who believe that Sunday should be kept with some degree of sacredness, but with no reference whatever to the fourth commandment. It is evident that all these discordant views of the bearing of the fourth commandment, are not going to be reconciled by the adoption of the proposed Amendment to the Constitution. And as that commandment will then be a part of the National Constitution, the question of the meaning of the commandment, and of what day is to be observed in obeying the commandment, will have to be decided in the Supreme Court of the United States. And mark, if the Supreme Court be left to itself, if the court be allowed to sit simply as a court of law, when this question should come up for decision it would do so as a question of law and not of theology. Considering it therefore as a question of law, the court would be guided by the acknowledged rules that are laid down for the interpretation of law and statute. Let us try the interpreta- tion of the commandment by some of these rules. Chancellor Kent, in his "Commentaries," lays down this rule:Š " The words of a statute, if of common use, are to be taken in their natural, plain, obvious, and ordinary signification and import." The first question then is, Are the words of the fourth commandment such as are of com- mon use? Look at them and see. The only 