AMERICAN SENTINEL. 195 and still greater claims on which the courts will have to pass in due season. Just titles to property we must uphold, but it is a manifest iniquity to foist on our fel-low-Christians priests whom they hate; and it is also impolitic. It will be a menace to peace and order, to life and property. The matter is a perplexing one, and new to our governmental diplomacy. It must be han-dled wisely; but it must be handled fearlessly, and it must be handled soon." But if it is "a manifest iniquity" and "a menace to peace and order, to life and property," to continue the religious.orders in power there, why should the matter be a perplexing one? Certainly the perplexity cannot be in knowing what are the demands of right and jus-tice. The perplexity must arise in trying to deal with the matter in a politic way, aside from the plain require-ments of equity. Such problems are always very per-plexing, and frequently lead only to greater perplexity and difficulty as the attempt is made to settle them by the politic method. The God of Battles. ONE of Lord Roberts' recent dispatches runs as fol-lows:Š "By the help of God and the bravery of her majes-ty's soldiers, the troops under my command have taken possession of Bloemfontein." Upon this the Chicago Journal remarks:Š "It is curious with what persistency the old, idea, that God is on the side of battling armies, sticks in the mind. It is a thing people seem loath to give up, no matter what their cause. "It is just as strong in the last year of the nine-teenth century as it ever was. Oom Paul believes it. He has repeatedly assured his people that if they would be faithful God would give them the victory, and they have accepted the doctrine. . . . It is the habit of people to think that God interferes in their wars. The American people generally believed it in their conflict with Spain, and probably would if they went to war again. The mere fact that God can't be on both sides, though both implore his aid, makes no particle of dif-ference. Probably not until a nation goes to war be-lieving it is in the wrong will there be a change in this particular. "But the theological theory of war is having a rather disastrous effect on the Boers, it is said. With more simplicity and less ingenious sophistry than their foes they are beginning to believe in the converse prop-ositiOn to President Kruger's, if we may credit the dis-patches. If God gave them victories because he was pleased with them, why does he now give them defeats? `Obviously,' says the simple, psalmŁsinging, praying farmer, 'because he is displeased with us.' And if we may believe observers in the field, it has only taken a few defeats to take the heart of the South Africans and shake the faith of many of them in the righteousness of their cause. "It is part of a large problem, and one that from  the beginning has puzzled more learned men than the Boers. The only way out of it seems to be to conclude that God has some designs he won't permit mortals to spy upon, and understand completely, through ordeal of battle or in any other way." It seems never to occur to a great many people that it is possible that God does not take either side in some wars. Nobody ever suggests that God favors the highway-man who is successful in robbing his victim and making good his escape, and that he is displeased with the poor victim who is assaulted and plundered. Nor do men think that the winner in a prize fight or in a street brawl succeeds because of the divine favor. It is only when nations fight, when the robbery is con-ducted on a gigantic scale, that God is supposed to be a party to it. In every quarrel, whether personal or national, there is wrong on one side, and not infrequently on both sides. Nor is there anything in the Word of God to justify even the individual or the nation that is in the right [in wreaking vengeance upon the party in the wrong. To do this the aggrieved party, or at least the aggressive party, must be at once accuser, judge, and executioner. But according to the Bible God is judge and executioner, neither does he permit any man to sit in judgment upon a case to which he (the man) is a party. Doubtless God does often interpose and by his prov-idence restrain or punish the transgressor and deliver the oppressed; but in very many cases both in individ-ual and in national wars, victory is not with the right, but with the physically stronger party. It is time we were done with making God responsible for the whole-sale murder of wars made possible only because of human greed of gold. C. P. B. - Compulsory Militarism. A GRAND ISLAND, Nebr.,journal gives this statement of a case which came up in the public school in that city in February last, involving the question of the right of a public school board to make militarydrill compulsory upon the pupils. We give the substance of the report made by this journal. The pupils of the puplic schools of Grand Island are exercised after school hours in military drill. One of the pupils, E. C.Hayman by name, refused to participate in the exercise, having been instructed by his father not to do so. For his refusal he was expelled from the school. His father sent him back the next morning. The professor told him that he was expelled unless he would agree to take part in the cadet drill, and when the boy refused to leave, the professor called in an as-sistant and went to police headquarters and swore out a warrant for the boy's arrest. The boy was taken into. 