428 AMERICAN SENTINEL. grass-grown, the sugar mills silent, the wharves rotting and deserted, and the people, poor creatures, with hag-gard faces, still starving, still asking, 'How long, 0 Lord, how long?' And worst of all, we who control the destinies of the island cannot answer them." "A military government at best is a tyranny. The best military government is the one which interferes least with the autonomy of the civil government. Our military government in Cuba, as a means of rapproche-ment between the two peoples, is a failure. And the extent to which this is the case is indicated by the remark sometimes now heard in Cuba, that as between the American military control and the Spanish military control, the Spanish was preferable." - "The irritation of the Cubans against the Americans and American military rule is daily increasing and will inevitably presently find vent in a revolt." This is what is seen by an American military officer who is in a position to observe the facts of the situation. He sees that the best way to keep the pledge made against forcible annexation, is to evacuate the island now. But the Government has no thought of with-drawing the American forces just now. They will re-main, the agitation and discontent will increase, until presently it finds vent in a revolt; then the Cubans will have committed the same crime as did the Filipinos, and will be treated in the like way. Such are the present indications, according to the testimony of an American army officer in Cuba; and the only conclusion to be drawn is that the same kind of freedom has been conferred on Cuba that was conferred by Rome on the ancient republics of Greece; who when they had rejoiced at their deliverance from the yoke of the Macedonians, awoke to find themselves further from liberty than they were before. "Peace" by Fighting. THE Chicago Times-Herald says in a dispatch dated at Washington, June 25, speaking of the policy to be pursued in the Philippines:Š "It must be remembered that besides the island of Luzon, there are hundreds of other islands in the archi-pelago, in which this Government will have to restore peace and order." "Restore peace and order," by invading peaceful communities and making the people fight, as they are doing in the island of Luzon! A New York paper not bi-ased by imperial sentiment, well says:Š "The censored dispatches from Manila and the ora-tors of the Administration agree that peace prevails and order reigns in all of the Philippine Islands except the 'three or four where our troops have carried Mr. McKin-ley's proclamation demanding the unconditional sub-mission of the natives and their recognition of our 'sov-ereignty.' "There is, accordingly, none of the 'anarchy' or `throat-cutting' which the upholders of conquest main- tain would instantly follow should our troops be with-drawn. This is in line with the whole history of these islands. The tribes have seldom warred among them-selves. Their fighting has been against Spanish rule, as it is now against our attempt to take Spain's place." Surely, it must be very necessary for the American forces armed with their "benevolent assimilators," to- invade the remaining islands of the Philippine group in the interests of peace and order! "Humanizing" War. New York "World." IN his address at the grave of Grotius yesterday Ambassador White declared it to be the duty of civiliza-tion to "go on with the work of humanizing war." But how shall that be humanized which is inhuman in its very conception and in every detail of its waging? "War's a brain-spattering, windpipe-splitting art," wrote Byron. "War is hell," said General Sherman. War consists in killing, maiming, destroying. It tears the husband and the son from the family hearthstone and sends them to slaughter and be slaughtered. - It makes widows and orphans. It sows the seeds of pesti-lence. It breeds famine and gaunt disease. No, no, no! We cannot humanize this hideously in_ human thing. Our task is to abolish it as we have abol-ished its twin sister, piracy. It is ours to find a better way and to follow it. - THE Boston Transcript publishes a letter from Rev. Clay MacCaulay, dated at Tokio, Japan, last month, in which the writer states that Admiral Dewey had ex-pressed to him his views of Philippine conquest in these words:Š "Rather than make a war of conquest on the Filipino people I would up anchor and sail out of the harbor." He had also seen General Otis, and in a conversation the latter had said to him:Š "I was ordered to this port from San Francisco. I did not believe in the annexation of these islands when I came here, nor do I believe in their annexation now." THE president of a Filipino envoy sent to Manila to treat with the American representatives for peace, ex-pressed to one of the latter his view of the war as related to the principles of American government. He said:Š "We have spent some time with your commissioners, incidentally considering the American Constitution. Its principles impress us profoundly. "The plan of government offered the Philippines seems, in theory, a good colonial system. But why should a nation with your Constitution seek to make a colony of a distant people who have been so long fight- 