THE E RICAN SIL,NTINEL. 309 wholly natural. Ps. 51 : 5; John 3: 6. This argues the natural character of the marriage relation. It is dependent on natural conditions for its existence, and must end with mortality (Matt. 22: 30 ; Rom. 7: 2); hence is temporal and nat-ural, not spiritual. That marriage was instituted by the Creator does not prove that it is a spiritual relation. God has instituted government, and commands men to be subject to " the powers that be." But our relation to gov-ernments ordained of God is, primarily, civil. If marriage is a religious ordi-nance, only those are married who are religious, or spiritual. But this principle would nullify all marriages between par-ties who reject all religion, but who are faithful and happy in obedience to their marriage vows. Further : If marriage is a religious relation, it must be a relation of the true religion, thus confining legiti-mate marriages to possessors of 'the true religion, not merely the professors of it. In other words, if marriage were a relig-ious, or spiritual, relation, it would follow that all marital obligations between infi-dels, hypocrites, and all but the few who profess and possess the true religion, would be null and void. This is the position of the Church of Rome. "Marriage," says the Romish Church, "is purely religious. We alone are the possessors and guardians of the true religion. Hence all marriages not sanctified by the church, are void." This is the logical and inevitable conclu-sion to which they arrive, upon the as-sumption that marriage is a religious institution or sacrament. This conclu-sion, with all its disastrous consequences, is embodied in a formal decree of the Catholic Church. (See records of the De-crees of the Council of Trent, November, 1563.) While maintaining that marriage is primarily, a civil relation, we would not be understood as excluding from it the benign influences of pure and undefiled religion. The blessings of religion ought to be taken, not only into the marrige re-lation, but into every relation of life, social and civil. Having shown that marriage is a social or civil relation, and therefore within the purview of civil legislation, provided the rights of society demand it, we will next inquire, Do the rights of society demand the regulation of the marriage relation ? We maintain that they do, and for the following reasons, among others: The State must regulate marriage, for the purpose of ascertaining the paternity of children. This the State must do, in order that it may impose upon the proper parties the parental care of the child, that the tax-payer who is not responsible for its existence, may not be charged with its support. Hence it is Proper and just for the State to require, as it does, that those entering upon the marriage relation shall furnish competent evidence of having en- tered upon that relation, and that they accept its duties and responsibilities. Having shown that the government may in right, and must in justice to the tax-payer, regulate the institution of mar- riage, we next inquire, May it regulate that relation to the extent of prohibiting plural marriages ? It will be conceded that it is the province and the duty of civil government to protect its citizens; and, if any right of the citizen is invaded by the practice of polygamy, and such practice can be shown to be a menace to the peace and good order of society, irre-spective of religious prejudice, it can and should be prohibited by civil law. That polygamy is an invasion of the natural rights of man we shall proceed to prove. All men are created equal, and are by nature endowed with certain inalienable rights, among which is the right to the undivided companionship of a wife. But, while this proposition will not be disputed, our position is, that for men to take unto themselves a plurality of wives, is ab-normal and will invade that right. Po-lygamy is abnormal, since nature has made no provision for it. For that institution to be normal and within the reach of every man, nature must provide at least twice as many females as males; or, if we take the number of wives associated with Brigham Young in the marriage relation as a prec-edent (and once admit the principle the number cannot be restricted), nature would have to produce more than twenty times as many women as men. " It is fully established," says the "Encyclopedia Britannica," "that among all races of man-kind, the number of male infants born slightly exceeds the number of females, the ratio being about twenty-one males to twenty females." After mentioning the comparative mortality of the two sexes, the same authority says : " Taking the human race as a whole the numbers of married and marriageable men and women are practically equal." (" Encyclopmdia Britannica" Supplement, Vol. 4, pages 222, 223). For one half of the male popu-lation to take even two wives, or one more than is allotted to each man by nature, would be to deprive the other half of the one wife which nature has provided. Polygamy is therefore a violation of the natural rights of man, and as such, should be prohibited by civil law. The statement that the supply has always equaled the demand in countries where polygamy has been practiced, even if true, loses its force, when we consider that the practice has been restricted to the wealthy and power-ful. Even in Utah among the modern polygamists, the number of wives is re-stricted by a property qualification, and even then, the supply has not equaled the demand, as will be shown further on. All such restrictions, based on property or other qualifications, are inconsistent with the equal rights of man, and the principles of our free Government. The Mormon community in Utah is a practical and forcible illustration of the fact that polygamy is an abnormal state of society. It is an acknowledged fact that this community does not furnish the excess of females required to meet the de- mand for a plurality of wives, their off-spring there, as elsewhere, being about equally divided between the sexes. This demand has been met by the efforts of missionaries who have induced women (in some cases wives and mothers who de-serted their families), to join the Mormon community and add another wife to the already well supplied Mormon husband. To say that the females drawn from non-polygamous districts to furnish women for polygamous communities do not ma-terially alter the proportionate number of marriageable men and women in those districts, does not in the least militate against the argument. Having shown that in principle it violates the inalienable rights of men, the limited extent of its practice cannot be advanced in support of the institution. The State should not abolish its laws against polygamy (thus giving it legal sanction), and then wait until one half of the male population of the country are deprived of their rights, in order to prove that the practice would invade natural rights. As well wait until the seals are destroyed, to prove that the present method of killing will destroy them, before enacting laws against their destruction. The necessity of the Gov-ernment thus taking precautionary meas-ures,was advocated by Secretary Blaine in the recent seal-fishery dispute, and ad-mitted by the English Premier. All the Government needs to know, is, that the practice will invade the rights of men; its duty in the matter is then made clear. It must prohibit the practice in order to pre-serve those rights. Having shown that the practice of po-lygamy invades the rights of men to the undivided companionship of a wife, we will next show that it is an invasion of the natural rights of women to the undi-vided companionship of a husband, which nature by its producing as many men as women, proves to be her natural right. The husband by taking the second wife, invades the rights of the first wife to the undivided companionship of a husband. To say that both women voluntarily accept the relation, does not place the matter beyond the jurisdiction of civil govern- ment, because the Government cannot sanction the invasion of natural rights even though the parties are agreed. It may be objected, that because the Gov-ernment cannot sanction the practice, it does not follow that it must prohibit it. It is true the Government cannot be re-garded as sanctioning a practice by not prohibiting it when the practice does not come within its jurisdiction. But, since the practice of polygamy has been proved to be a violation of natural rights, the very 