712 AMERICAN SENTINEL. nance," and the people of the United States must be put to grind at Rome's mill to support this "vast number" of her good for nothing priests and high church digni-taries. That these priests and high church dignitaries are good-for-nothing is evident from the testimony in this very article that begs for sympathy and support .for them:- 1. Rome alone has had the teaching of the people of Cuba for four hundred years. 2. Yet, though there is "a vast number of priests ant) high church dignitaries," there, "the people of Cuba have never been taught to support their church and clergy by direct voluntary contribution." 3. "The Catholic Church and its clergy in Cuba . . . is [has been] supported almost entirely by the government, . . . and the revenues for this purpose are raised by taxation." 4. "So dire is the poverty on the island at present that it is doubtful if the Cubans could by any possibility raise sufficient money to keep their churches open and their priests from starving." 5. "It is the determination of President McKinley that the Catholic churches shall be kept open, and that public worship shall be amply provided for. To this end sufficient money will be advanced by this Government to support the Catholic Church." That is to say that while, for four hundred years, the Catholic Church has had the sole teaching authority in Cuba, she has never taught the people to support the church and the clergy; yet those same people have all this time been taxed to support the church and clergy; and now, when, by this everlasting taxation, with its consequences, the people are reduced to such poverty that they cannot support in customary, affluence the priests and high church dignitaries who are unwilling to share with the poor people the poverty which this same "vast number of priests and high church dignitaries have been most instrumental in bringing upon themŠnow, through President McKinleyŠcoached by Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland, this same Catholic Church begins the taxation of the people of the United States to support these priests and high church dignita-ries in Cuba! And how long shall the people of the United States be taxed to support this "vast number" of Catholic "priests and high church dignitaries" in Cuba? Since Catholic priests have had the teaching(?) of the Cubans for four hundred years, and yet "the people of Cuba have  never been taught to support their church and clergy by direct, voluntary contribution," because the priests were supported by the Spanish government, is it likely that these same priests, in less than another four hundred years, will teach the people of Cuba to support their church and clergy by direct, voluntary contribution," while they are supported by the United States Govern-ment? But even though it should not take another four  hundred years, even though it should take only a week, or only a single day, what right has President McKinley to take the money of all the people of the United States, and have it "advanced by this Government to support the Catholic Church"? Where has such power as this been delegated to the President of the United States? The men who made the Government of the United States said that to compel a person "to furnish contributions of money for the propagations of opinions which he disbe-lieves, is sinful and tyrannical." Therefore they separ-ated the Government of the United States from all con-nection with religion or recognition of it. By this scheme, Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland, through President McKinley, are putting upon the Government and people of the United States the identical system that has worked by Spain and Rome all these ages. This sympathetic correspondent says:Š "The annual budget of Spain, including appropria-tions for the pay of the Catholic clergy, and the support of Catholic churches in the Spanish dominions, and the revenues for this purpose, are raised by taxation." This correspondent also says:Š "It is the determination of President McKinley that the Catholic .churches shall be kept open, and that public worship shall be provided for. To this end sufficient money will be advanced by this Government to support the Catholic Church." The only money that this Government can advance for any purpose, is money raised by taxation. For the Government to advance this money, it must be appro-priated by somebody. These two statements of the cor-respondent show the same thing precisely. Therefore it is as plain as A B C that Cardinal Gibbons and Arch-bishop Ireland, through President McKinley, are playing off upon the Government of the United States the same old Roman and Spanish system of governmental sup-port of the Catholic Church and clergy. Are the Ameri-can people ready to let this scheme be carried through? It is true that the last sentence in the portion of the letter quoted, says that this is promised to be only tem-porary; but the rest of the letter, which we have not space now to review, shows that this "temporary" expe-dient can be perpetuated indefinitely. When Archbishop Ireland was making himself so con-spicuous at the National Capitol last spring, we said that the United States Government would not get out of this Cuban matter without being entrapped by Rome. And so it has come to pass. And there is yet more of it. A. T. J. BE sure you read about the inprisonment for con-science' sake on page 710, and the note on the flag sal-ute on the last page; and then look around you and see what von can do towards increasing the number of SENTINEL readers in your community. Men need to know these things and what they mean. Read our special offer on last page. 