THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 53 Bible concerning civil governments are a 'su-preme law 'Šthat Congress must enforce it in purging national office? If this would not be making the Bible the formal rule of' Congress, we think language cannot express it. The evi-dences on this point throughout the columns of the Christian Statesman, like the possessed,' hath their name ' Legion,' for they are many. In the issue of June 1, 1869, the editor again, writing under the caption, 4  Sufficiency of the Proposed Amendment,' uses the following lan-guage: The design of the pending movement of National Reform is not to secure mention of God in the National Constitution merely be-cause such mention would be decent and becom-ing. It is not, in the view of its most earnest supporters, to express a sentiment which the nation already feels, and to exhibit a Christian character which, as a nation, we already pos-sesses. The necessity for the reform lies far deeper than such arguments would imply. The success of our cause would have a far more momentous effecot. Our labors are an attempt to bring this nation into subjection to God, and the conviction that we are not, as a nation, in allegiance to the King of nations, but in rebell-ion against him, and so in imminent danger of destruction, is the real impulse of the move-ment.' " Does this extract not clearly show that it is not the design of the earnest supporters' of this movement to give expression to the Chris-tian character of the nation, by simply acknowl-edging God. This would be decent and be-coming,' but it would be too tame. Something deeper, more radical, is aimed at. The design is pointedly declared to bring this nation into subjection to God,' by giving to the amend-ments, as was observed in the former extract, 'the force of law,' and expurgating all the de-partments of government. One of the amend-ments the editor expresses in the following lan-guage: ' That the Holy Scriptures, as a rev-elation of Christ's will, are the supreme law of nations.' Giving the Scriptures, which are here declared to be the 'supreme law of na-tions,' the 'force of law,' is surely making them the formal rule' of civil government If it is not, what words could express it more clearly? "Further on, having noticed the omission of any express recognition of the Sabbath, the moral qualification of rulersŠthe duty of the StateŠthe religious instruction of her children and the relations of Church and StateŠhe adds: All these questions are subordinate to, and are included in, the ruling question, Shall the word of God be recognized as a law to this nation? When it shall be so recognized then the question will arise, What does the law of God require us to do ? ' This, we think, is all perfectly plain, and the editor, from his premises, perfectly logical. The recognition of the Bible, as proposed, is all that is necessary. Grant this, and all other questions about what it teaches will then devolve upon Congress to ap-prehend and enforce. Having become the law of the land, it must be interpreted by Judge Story and other commentators, and their inter-pretations enforced by the Judicial Department of Government. The knotty points in the-ology, especially the Headship question and the doctrine of the Trinity, having found a place IN the discussion of the National Reform theory of the personality of the State, in our June issue, we showed conclusively that the theory is absurd; and that in the endeavor to escape the absurd consequences of their posi; tion, the National Reform Party resort to a fallacy which involves them in the inconsistency of holding beings subject to that to which, ac-cording to the theory, they cannot be subject. But we say again that we see no ground for hope that that party will ever abandon either the fallacy or the absurdity. For, as the theory is absurd, and as they affirm that the theory is fundamental to this whole movement, it is evi-dent that absurdity is inherent in the whole National Reform system. That is not only the logic of the question, but it is strictly in accord-ance with all the facts in the case. The absurdity of the view that the State is a person distinct from the individuals that com-pose it, is made more apparent when we con-sider the obligations of a nation, or State, as such. Doctor Sloane in a speech on this sub-ject in the Cincinnati National Reform Conven-tion, instanced the fact that " Great Britain, France, Italy, and our own country owe enor-mous debts." But we would inquire of the Na-tional Reform Party, Does this personality, which you call the State, of Great Britain, France, Italy, or the United States, owe this debt distinct from the people? and will it pay it distinct from the people? When Ger-many laid upon France the war indemnity of five milliards of francs, was it laid upon a " per-sonality " distinct from the individuals that compose the nation? and when it was paid was it paid by such a distinct personality? To the minds of all reasonable men, to ask these ques-tions is to answer them. These National Re-form religio-political economists know as well as anybody does, that of the war indemnity exacted from France by Germany, every franc came from the people who compose the State, and not from some hypothetical " individual personality " distinct from the people. They know full well that every dollar of the national debt of our own country that has ever been paid has been paid by the people of the United States, and not a cent of it by any such theo-retical absurdity as the National Reform Party defines to be the State. Does the National Reform Party mean to say that, when it gets its iniquity framed by a law, and has thus perfected its idea of the personal-ity of a State, it will have the State a per-sonality so entirely distinct and separate from that of the people, that the State will pay the national debt without any help on the part of the people ? No. That party itself, we do them the justice to suppose, would pronounce the idea preposterous. And so do we. But if it be so, where is the sense of all their argu- ment about the personality of the State as dis-tinct from the personality of the people who compose the State ? If the State has a per-sonality, an individuality of its own, and a soul of its own as distinct from that of any or all of the people who compose it, as is that of General Sherman or Mr. Blaine, then why can't it pay its debts distinct from the people, as General Sherman or Mr. Blaine pays his? The very idea is absurd. Again, Prof. 0. N. Stoddard, in the Cin-cinnati Convention, said:Š " If the character and liabilities of the State are not distinct from those of its individual members, then the State is punished hereafter in the persons of its subjects." We would like Professor Stoddard or any other of the National lie,iOrmers to show where a State has ever been or ever can be punished, either here or hereafter, except in the persons of its subjects. When France.was punished for its ill-advised declaration of war upon Germany,did the punishment fall upon the State distinct from the persons of its subjects? When Rome was punished for the fearfulness of her iniquitiesŠ when from the Rhine and the Danube to the des-erts of Africa, and from the Black Sea and the Hellespont to the wall of Antoninus and the At- lantic Ocean, the whole empire was swept by the successive and devastating waves of savage bar- barismŠdid these terrors afflict some such fig-ment of a State as is conjured up by the Na-tional Reform brain ? Did they not rather fall upon every age, sex, and condition of the indi-viduals that composed the State? Again we say that but to ask the question is to answer it. But it demonstrates to all reasonable men the wild absurdity of the National Reform theory of the personality of a State. There is not, and there cannot be, any such personality of a State. And we are certain that no such thing would ever be seriously advocated in this coun-try, were it not, essential to the success of a scheme of religious bigotry and priestly des-potism, whose most perfect likeness is that of the papacy. Webster defines a State to be:Š " A political body, or body politic Ł the whole body of people united under one Government, whatever may be the form of the Government." Chief Justice Chase defined a State as fol-lows:Š " It describes sometimes a people or commu-nity of individuals united more or less closely in political relations, inhabiting temporarily or permanently the same country; often it denotes only the country or territorial region inhab-ited by such a community; not unfrequently it is applied to the Government under which the people live; at other times it represents the combined idea of people, territory, and Govern-ment. It is not difficult to see that in all these senses the primary conception is that of a peo-ple or community. The people in whatever ter-ritory dwelling, . . . constitute the State." ŠGreat Decisions by Great Judges, p. 641. Bouvier says that a State is,Š " A sufficient body of persons united together in one community for the defense of their rights and to do right and justice to foreigners. In this sense the State means the whole people united into one body-politic." "As to the persons who compose the body-politic, or associate them-selves, they take collectively the name of peo-ple or nation.'"ŠLaw Dictionary, A body-politic is:Š in the Constitution, will all be cleared up in a legal way. The difficulties between Seceders and Covenanters and United Presbyterians will all be happily adjusted by those learned in the law.' Immorality will cease and iniquity will hide its head. Happy consummation!! De-voutly to be wished!! " The National Reform Movement an Absurdity. 