mgpmiR10111111110 NEW YORK, MAY 5, 1892. pi 144 THE AMEIRIC_A_N DENTIN 13I~. Vol. 7, NJ. 18. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy. It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. FRIENDS sending us newspaper clippings are requested to invariably note on the clippings themselves the name and date of the paper, also where published. Clip-pings are of little value without this in-formation. Š0Š THE Mail and Express thinks that "Mi-chael Walsh, Ph.D., is in a position of more usefulness as treasurer of the ministerial fund for the Grant monument than as editor of a Sunday paper." The Mail and Express is an evening paper, and evening papers do not publish Sunday editions. It would not pay. -0- SEVERAL Russian Hebrew boys, all under sixteen years of age, were arrested in Cen-tral Park, on a recent Sunday, for selling lozenges. They spent the night in cells, and were arraigned in a police court the next day for violation of the Sunday law. Louis Sevatchman, thirteen years old, spoke for the crowd. He said he was the oldest of seven children. He had at-tended school eight years. The boys were all discharged with a caution not to again offend against the majesty of the law and the sacredness of Sunday. _0_ RELIGIOUS persecution and bigotry are the worst in the world. They are with-out consideration or pity.ŠA. D. Vail, D. D. " True enough," remarks a country paper, "but that need not trouble the United States of America." No, it need not trouble the United States were it not that, as Judge Hammond puts it, "by a sort of factitious advantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for religious freedom, and in the progress that has been made in the absolute sepa-ration of Church and State." And what is the result of this tenacious adherence to this " sort of factitious ad-vantage," which the Sunday observers have secured by the aid of the civil law ? Go for answer to the graves of R. M. King and W. Parker, hounded to death by the minions of an iniquitous Sunday law; inquire of the women and children left to be supported by charity while their natural protectors were suffering im- prisonment for the " crime " of differing with their neighbors as to the particular day to be observed as the Sabbath; read the indictments even now hanging over the heads of honest, God-fearing men for daring to assert their God-given rights ; and then say no more that the question of religious bigotry and persecution need not trouble the United States of America. True, this probably does not trouble those miserably pinched and pusillanimous souls who feel secure because they are on the popular side; but it will trouble the large hearted lover of liberty, whatever may be his religion. Š0Š THE dailies of the 27th ult. published the following dispatch :Š Chestertown, Md., April 29.ŠWilliam E. Hub-bard, son of John E. Hubbard, of Tolchester, is in jail here for contempt of court in refusing to testify on Saturday in a case brought by his father against another man. When called to the stand he said :Š " Judge, it is no use to swear me; I will not testify. To-day is my Sabbath day, and although I know the Bible says, obey those in authority over you,' Peter says, obey God rather than man,' and as this is my Sabbath I refuse to be sworn." "Well," said the Judge, " I have been on the bench twenty-four years and I have never had a case of this kind, and, however true your quota-tion of Peter may be, the law says that we shall observe but one day as the Sabbath, and that is the day commonly called Sunday, and sir, you must either testify or go to jail." The young man still refused, and went to jail. He is a Seventh-day Adventist. It is very generally claimed in defense of Sunday laws that they do not prevent the keeping of another day by those who wish to do so. But according to this Judge, the law of Maryland " says that we shall observe but one day as the Sab-bath, and that is the day commonly called Su'nday." It is true that the law of Mary-land does not say this in so many words, but that is about what Sunday laws mean whether in Maryland or anywhere else. The young man did right in adhering to the principle stated in Acts 5: 29. The Judge showed himself a fit administrator of an intolerant law. .._0_ SOME weeks ago we published the fact that five of the leading members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, at Spring-ville, Tennessee, had been indicted for Sunday work, and that they were liable to be arrested at any time. The following letter which we reprint from the Review and Herald, the Seventh-day Adventist Church paper, published at Battle Creek, Michigan, explains the situation as it is at present; also the probabilities in the case: Springville, Tenn., April 13, 1892. A. 0. Tait, Battle Creek, Mich. DEAR BROTHER: Yours of March 27, was received some time ago, and you requested that I should let you know all of the particulars in regard to the arrests made here for Sunday labor. Since my last writing, other facts have come to light. One of our neighbors was at the county-seat on busi-ness, and the State's attorney came in and asked him if he lived in the Advent community. He re-plied that he did. The attorney asked, " Do they  keep up their Sunday work ?" He answered, " Yes, and none of the Adventist will deny it." Then the attorney requested him to give him the names of five of the leading church-members, which he did. The State's attorney said he had heard the circuit judge, Judge Swiggart, say he was going to put a stop to that Sunday desecration. So the five warrants were issued, and are in the sheriff's hands. But it seems that he has under-stood that we will not give bonds, and so will wait until court sits, which will be the fourth Monday in May. These are the facts in the case. I will write again as soon as there are further develop- ments. Your brother in the one faith, J. MooN. The place, where the work complained of is done, is in a retired country neighbor-hood, about two miles from the village of Springville. _o_ THE Christian Statesman accuses Drs. Stevenson and McAllister of retaining and making an improper use of the mail-ing list of that paper after it had been sold to the present management. Dr. Stevenson mildly asks "a brief with-drawal of the accusation," but virtually confesses its truth. Upon this the States-man says :Š It is curious that so soon after the general con-demnation of the abstracting of the Voice mailing list, any one should lack commercial sense (not to say moral sense) as, to seriously defend such a course as here described. Surely the honored Na-tional Reform Association needs to meet and begin anew its reform work in its own official ranks. This is most cruel; Only think of the National Reform Association having to be instructed in morals by as accomplished a trickster as the present editor of the Christian Statesman! Surely this is the irony of fate! _0_ ONE of the worst features of the " Re-form" scheme advocated by the Christian Statesman is that it involves the employ-ment of secret spies. Article V. of the Constitution of the so-called " Reform Leagues," which Mr. Crafts has been, and is, organizing wherever he goes, provides that " the Secretary shall appoint an in-vestigating committee of four, known only to himself, the first of whom shall on the first week of every month, the second on the second, and so following, ascertain personally what violationsŠfirst, of the civil law, second, of the higher laws of GodŠare in progress, and report fully in writing to the Secretary, who shall in turn inform the public authorities," etc. A fine blackmailing scheme truly ! Its possibilities in that direction are limitless. TIRE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact, Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City 