326 A TVIEIEMCA.N SMNTIPINIEL., Von. 9, No. 41. to Italy, possibly in the downfall of the government. Then the pope's opportun-ity will have come. Then he will use his great influence with the victorious powers and especially with the Catholic govern-ments to secure, if not a restoration of the old order, at least the giving up of Rome to the papal government with the yielding of the control of the religious orders to the Roman Curia, from whom it was wrested. And it should be recalled that the pope's influence is, and would be great, because his fiat controls millions of voters. Furthermorp, political consider-ations might make it an object on the part of the victorious power to minimize the influence of Italy and eliminating her as a great power from the chessboard of Europe. Meantime the fact should not be lost sight of that under the auspices of the International Catholic Association public opinion is being agitated and influ-enced in behalf of the restoration of the temporal power of the pope. But unless all signs fail nothing can be accomplished in this direction until the next war is fought to a finish. The results of that great contest are every way so uncertain as to make any prediction of the conse-quences to Italy and the Vatican value-less.ŠChristian Work. Deporting Stundists. SPEAKING of the Stundists reminds me that, a week ago, I heard that almost every member of this body has been cleared out of the extensive province of Volhynia, and compulsorily settled in some other district. A few of these ill-starred breth-ren still remain near the capital of the provinceŠIitomir, but the villagers have all been removed. I have this from a gentleman who has just returned from prolonged travel there. Five or six years ago there were probably a thousand Stund-ists in the Volhynian villages. Where are they now ? How have they been de-ported? No one knows. The newspapers are ignorant and silent, and the Russian police tell no tales. I heard a very good story the other day of the rigidity of the laws regulating printing in Russia. A Jew trader in Kief, who had a considerable stock of parasols and umbrellas on hand, determined to let the public know this, so he had a large card printed and hung in his window,  bearing the following announcement : "A large stock of umbrellas for sale at prices below cost." As soon as the card appeared a police officer entered the Jew's shop and demanded to see the censor's license au-thorizing the shopkeeper to print the card. The Jew could show none. He informed the policeman that he did not think so innocent a legend required a special au-thorization from the censor. The police-man thought otherwise, hauled the unfor-tunate Hebrew before a magistrate and had him fined heavily.ŠIvan, in New York Observer. Cattle Stealing and Sunday Travel. A MAN, lately confined in a Scotch jail for cattle-stealing, managed, with five others, to break out on Sunday, and, being captured on one of the neighboring hills, he very gravely remarked to the officer : "I might have escaped, but I had con-scientious scruples about traveling on S unday. "Š Tit Bits. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] Leo Labors on his Encyclical. ROME, Oct. 3.ŠThe pope has suspended his regular audience and other routine business and has closeted himself while devoting himself solely to work on his en-cyclical letter in regard to the policy of the church in the United States. Yester-day evening his holiness received Arch- bishop Ferrata, apostolic nuncio to Paris, to whom he privately expressed a wish that the Due d'Orleans will not act as a pretender to the throne of France.Š Wash-ington Post, Oct. 4. Canada General Conference. THE churches of Canada greatly favor the sanctity of the Sabbath. In all our cities there has been much controversy, more or less, on Sabbath observance. In a few, street-cars are not allowed to run. We have no Sunday newspapers. The ministers of all denominations have so combined that funerals are not held on Sabbath days, except in cases of absolute necessity. The conference condemned bi-cycling for pleasure, and military, and similar parades. John Charlton, M. P., has been very conspicuous in his advocacy of Sabbath observance in public works, be-cause of which his work was highly com-mended by some in conference; but others, who were probably his political opponents, condemned the introduction of his name into the report.ŠNorthwestern Christian Advocate, Oct. 8. A Minister on Church Unity. " CHURCH UNITY " was the subject dis-cussed by the Rev. Dr. Charles A. Briggs, of Union Theological Seminary, this city, last Tuesday at the annual meeting of the Connecticut Valley Congregational Club at South Deerfield, Mass. Dr. Briggs, who is a Presbyterian, told his hearers that the Protestant church has been more intolerant than the Catholic Church, and that Catholics were far in advance of Protestants in managing the financial affairs of the church. The doc-tor also said that the Protestants could well dispense with 50,000 out of their 99,000 clergymen in this country, and $200,000,000, of the $549,000,000 invested in churches. " Nothing," said he, " is nearer my heart than Christian unity. Not only is the present pope earnestly looking forward to the time when Christian unity may come, but we see in the utterances of cardinals, archbishops, and bishops that the unity of Christendom is weighing on their hearts. There is nothing in the New Testament that prevents all of us from coming together. For some years I have agreed with the authorities of the Cath-olic Church to a certain extent in the interpretation that they place upon the words, ' Upon this rock will I build my church.' Peter was the first Christian to put in place after Christ. Others fol-low him. Many of the terms in the Tes-tament are really synonymous. They all teach Christian unity." We desire to remark to Dr. Briggs that the only way Christian unity can be at-tained is through the Catholic Church.  She is the true, never changing church, and she, is always glad to welcome to her fold men from every denomination. Let Dr. Briggs become a, Catholic. He will then be showing his followers the way toward Christian unity.ŠCatholic News, Oct. J. St. Joe Sunday-Schools. CENTREVILLE, Aug. 23.ŠAbout five thousand people .attended the Sunday-school rally here yesterday. A special train from Three Rivers brought one thou-sand and twelve persons accompanied by the Three Rivers Concert 'band. About sixty schools numbering two thousand and sixty-eight scholars took part in the par-ade. Governor Rich delivered an address on the Sunday-school as a factor in the promotion of good citizenship, and Rev. Washington Gardner, Secretary of State, delivered an oration on the Sunday-school and loyalty to the State and nation. Speeches were also deli' -ered by E. A. Hough, of Jackson, and Rev. 0. F. Kiefer of this place. The president of the village, M. Sabin, cordially welcomed the assem-bly in appropriate remarks.ŠKalamazoo, (Mich.) Gazette. Sunday-schools of All Denominations in a Rally. HOWELL, Aug. 23.ŠCatholic crosses and Protestant banners mingled in the great Sunday-school parade yesterday. Catholic priests and Protestant ministers jostled each other as they marched side by side as friends in a common cause. It was the first time the Catholics had ever taken part, and the best of feeling pervaded the gathering. The procession included two 12-horse teams, one 10-horse, one 8-horse, ten 6-horse, and forty-six 4-horse teams, and the wagons were gaily decorated with bunting. Children of all sectsjoined in the singing as they marched to the grove. It is believed 10,000 people gathered there. All the stores in town closed in honor of the occasion.ŠKalamazoo (Mich.) Ga-zette. The Two Republics the Hope of Rome. BISHOP KEANE then went on to talk at length on the position of the pope on the leading questions of the day, and espe-cially as they bore upon America. He believes the Church and the State should march side by side in solving the questions of the day. The questions which absorb the attention of the pope are the social and economic questions of the day. He real-izes it is with great questions of this char-acter that the world will have to deal in the near future, and he realizes that the forces that will solve them will not be the monarchical governments of the world, but the democracies; and the democracies will have to be dominated by what Huxley referred to as the ethical force, by moral force, by the power of conscience, and by the power of religion. It is for this reason, said the bishop, that the .pope is turning his face to the United States and France, because 'he re-alizes these two leading republics of the world are the principal hopes of the happy solution of the problems of the time.ŠThe Pilot, Sept. 29. Puritans Would Be Happy There. VALPARAISO, Ind., Oct. 1.ŠWhen the new municipal administration came into power here last month the mayor issued an order to close all saloons on Sunday. Next the drug stores were closed. An 