72 THE AMERICAN 'SENTINEL. '1112e An2eYiesai? erg i~el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER, 1887. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. IN this number of the SENTINEL we print in full another letter from a National Reformer, and also the answer to it. We are glad to do so, because we are willing that our readers shall know what the Reformers can say for themselves. The letter we printed before, the Christian Statesman took bodily from our col-umns and gave its readers not so much as a hint that there was ever any reply made to. it. We write this note especially to say to the Christian Statesman that unless it can print both the letter and the reply to it, we want it to let the letter itself alone. If the Statesman cannot afford to be fair, we desire that it shall at least be honest. 0 0 Is IT is announced from Boyle that the Pope has decided to take part in the coming polit-ical elections in France, and that he hopes to secure a strong party in the Chamber of Dep-uties. Yes, he hopes to secure a strong party in the Chamber of Deputies so as to hold the balance of power and 'virtually control legisla-tion in France, and control it too from Rome. And France dare not resent this political in-terference of a foreign religious power. How long will it be before the Pope will decide to take part in our political elections? Only let the National Reform religio-political party succeed in its design of establishing a consti-tutional basis for religious legislation, and this question will answer itself. Puritan "Rights." REV. GEO. C. ADAMS, writing from St. Louis to the Advance about the Sunday law, says:Š "The charge is freely made that it is an ef-fort to make a `Puritanical' Sunday, and so it is; for the Puritan certainly believed in equal rights for all, and was not willing to allow any privileged classes." Yes, indeed ! The Puritans of New En-gland "certainly believed in equal rights for all" Puritans, but they just as certainly be-lieved in no rights at all for anybody else, not even the right to live, in New England. They were indeed " not willing to allow any privi-leged classes " except Puritans. In them were summed up all rights and privileges, even to the right and privilege of hanging Quakers and witches, whipping Baptists, and banish-ing dissenters of all kinds, under pain of death. Theirs was the right to compel peo-ple to go to church on Sunday and listen to sermons such as, said one of the victims, "was meat to be digested, but only by the heart or stomach of an ostrich." Theirs was the right to tie women to the tails of carts and drag them through New England towns, at the same time lashing them upon the bare back  with heavy two-handed whips made of three thongs "of twisted and knotted cord or cat-gut," while one of the " privileged " preachers looked on and laughed at such an infliction as, if suffered to be completed, would have amounted to one hundred and ten lashes each, as the poor women were dragged through dirt and snow half-leg deep, and the weather bitter cold. And all because the women had the impudent presumption to claim the right and privilege of being Quakers. In this case when the poor, tortured women had been lashed through three towns with ten stripes each in each town, the people arose in their righteous indignation and set the "ghastly pil-grims" free. Oh, yes, the Puritan Łwas indeed " not will-ing to allow any privileged classes "1 But may Heaven protect this dear land from any revival of Puritan rule, or any other rule ac-cording to Puritan principles. I. Ł Ł WE are sure that this nation does not one-halfŠhalf! no not one one-hundreth partŠappreciate the wonders that National Reform proposes to accomplish for her. Just think of it. When National Reform shall have suc-ceeded in setting its buzzard securely upon the Nation's Capitol, in place of the American Eagle, then, 0 then, No pestilence shall ever croak, Nor famine flap its wings No earthquake e'er shall walk abroad, Nor cyclone scatter things. This is not exactly as they express it, but it is the substance of what the Reformed Pres-byterians promise the Nation by National Reform, and they know all about it, for Reformed Presbyterianism is the mother of National Reform. And in their late Synod at Newburg, N. Y., their committee on National Reform said that when the nation shall have accepted the National Reform condition, " Rev-olution will not overturn the Government; pestilence will not spread its wings over the people; famine will not scorch the broad acres, nor blight the waving field ; the earth-quake will not shake down cities, nor the cy-clone tread homes into ruins." And these are the men who talk of "folly and fanaticism" in those who oppose National Reform ! MR. M. A. GAULT says in the Christian Na-tion :Š " Let us say for the thousandth time that we are eternally opposed to uniting Church and State in the sense of compelling men by civil law to observe church regulations as such." "In the sense, etc.," and "as such," to be sure. They are opposed to the union of Church and State "in the sense "Šbut why are they not opposed to it in any sense whatever? Why is it necessary for the National Reformers always to leave themselves a loop-hole through some saving clause or qualifying phrase? The reason is manifest, they are not opposed, either eternally or temporally, to the union of Church and State in some sense, and so they always conveniently leave the way open for themselves to explain in just what sense they are opposed to it. And, too, they are opposed to compelling  men by civil law to observe church regulations " as such." Of course. But if only the church regulation can be enforced by the civil law as a "police regulation," as is proposed with the " Christian Sabbath," for instance, then it is all right, and anybody who opposes that is a " brazen despot " and a " political atheist." Not a Godless Nation ?ŠWhy Not? THE Christian at Work declares of France that " the nation is not godless," and in proof of the statement adduces the fact that there Ł was celebrated in the Paris churches "the other Sunday, the Fete Dieu, or God's Festi-val." It says :Š " The Madeleine Church was especially decorated for the occasion, and the cere-monies, closing with a procession, were per-formed with the scenic splendor of the Roman ritual.. . . The procession, as it wound along the church and descended the steps at the rear of the edifice, presented a most striking and effective picture, with the priests in gorgeous vestments, the acolytes, or altar boys, and choristers in their snowy surplices and crimson girdles, and the numerous school-children in white veils and dresses, who car-ried banners and pennons. . . . A well-dressed man who was looking on, neglected, either unintentionally or with design, to take off his hat. He was instantly set upon by a dozen persons, whose religious enthusiasm had been suddenly kindled by the music, the flowers, and the incense, and was severely beaten. He escaped, all bleeding, from their hands, and his clothes were torn almost to shreds." Oh, no ! France is not godless. Neither is China, nor Hindostan, nor any other Catho-lic or heathen nation. And in all these lands their " godliness " and their " religious enthu-siasm " find expression in about the same way. In view of this report it is a happy thing that we have the assurance of the Christian at Work that France "is not godless; " otherwise we might be inclined to doubt whether such actions were a Łmanifestation of the genuine righteousness that becometh a nation. But this undoubted assurance, supported by such signal proofs, we suppose establishes once for all the important fact that France is a godly nation ; which fact, with the proofs, we com-mend to the National Reform Association. The United States alone among nations is " godless." But in that respect may she re-main forever just as she is. We have no de-sire to see here Popish processions or anything else that shall kindle the " enthusiasm " of violent national religionists. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in Inc TERMS. Single Copy, per year, - - - - - 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  2s. Specimen copies free. Address, 11.1VIEHICAN SENTINEL, 1050 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 