130 A1011F--C1._'-EICAN VOL. 10, No. 17. nor to any other man. His disobedience was in a matter which was solely between himself and God. It was no concern of the king's, therefore the king had no right to require obedience at his hand in that matter. This was precisely the position of the apostles when commanded not to preach in the -name of Jesus. They said: " We ought to obey God rather than men." The Saviour had commis-sioned them to preach, and the civil authori-ties had no right to forbid them to preach, and when they did so forbid them, the apos-tles had the God-given right to refuse obedi-ence; yea, more, it was their bounden duty to refuse obedience. To have done otherwise would have been to prove disloyal to the God of heaven. The Principle is Universally Admitted. This principle has been admitted by men in all ages, and thousands have laid down their lives rather than prove untrue to it. Black-stone states a similar principle thus: "This law of nature being coeval with mankind, and dictated by God himself, is of course su-perior in obligation to any other. It is bind-ing over all the globe, in all countries, and at all times. No human laws are of any validity if contrary to this." This is said not of moral law, but of natural law; but if true of natural law, how much more is it true of moral law? But we have already seen that one man can-not decide for another what are his duties toward God, nor can one man properly require another to discharge his duty toward God. Our Saviour himself, as we have seen, laid down the principle that we are to " Render therefore unto Csar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." We are not to render to Caisar the things that are God's, nor are we to render them to God through Cwsar; but we are to render them to God, and to God alone are we responsible. In his report communicated to the United States House of Representatives, March 4, 1830, on the petitions requesting .a discontin-uance of Sunday mails, Hon. Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, set forth the principle that man is absolutely independent of any hu-man authority in matters of conscience, in the following language: " The framers of the Constitution recognized the eternal principle that man's relation with his God is above hu-man legislation and his rights of conscience inalienable. Reasoning was not necessary to establish this truth; we are conscious of it in our own bosoms. It is this consciousness, which, in defiance of human laws, has sus-tained so many martyrs in tortures and flames. They felt that their duty to God was superior to human enactments, and that man could exercise no authority over their consciences. It is an inborn principle which nothing can eradicate." The same principle is laid down by Presi-dent Fairchild in his work on Moral Philoso-phy. In fact, it has been recognized by Chris-tian men in every country and in all times. The martyrs whom we honor to-day, whose memories we revere, laid down their lives rather than prove disloyal to conscience and to. God. In the language of Hon. Richard M. Johnson, " Among all the religious perse-cutions with which almost every page of mod-ern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God." This fact alone should be conclusive upon the question under discussion. Human law is imperfect, the administrators of human law are necessa-rily imperfect, and both human law and its enforcement constantly vary. If conscience were to be guided by human law, there could be, as before stated, no certain standard of right and wrong. That which would be mor- ally wrong in one State might be morally right in an adjoining State, and that which was sin'  to-day might be virtue to-morrow. But every man knows that he is directly responsible alone to God in things pertaining to God; and that while he is also responsible to God- for wrongs done to his neighbor, he is properly amenable in a sense to his fellow-men for such acts. Every man regards any interference with his conscience as tyranny; then why should any man wish to control or interfere with the equal rights of another in matters of con-science? The Plea of Conscience and Natural Rights. But it may be objected that every man can-not be permitted to do that which his con-science tells him may properly be done. This is very true. For instance, Guiteau, the as-sassin of President Garfield, claimed that in shooting the president, he was doing God's service. His plea, as to his belief, may or may not have been true. There was no pos-sible way of demonstrating its truth or falsity; neither was there any necessity for inquiring into that question. It is a fundamental prin-ciple that "all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with cer-tain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." President Garfield had the same right to life that Guiteau had, and Guiteau had no right to deprive President Garfield of life. Neither has any man the right, under the plea of con-science, to deprive his fellow-man of any nat-ural right; or to trample upon, or interfere in any way with, any equal right of his fellow-man; nor does he do so in exercising his own inalienable, God-given right to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science. For instance, the Catholic does not trench upon any natural right of his Protes-tant neighbor by going to mass or confession, by making the sign of the cross, or by abstain- ing from meat on Friday. is Protestant neighbor may regard him as foolish and su-perstitious, and may feel a certain sense of annoyance due to his knowledge that the Catholic believes and practices as he does, but this does not prevent the Protestant from freely holding and practicing tenets of his religion.. It is equally true, in the matter of Sabbath observance, that one man's failure to observe a Sabbath does not prevent another man from either resting or working upon that day. If one persqn chooses to work, and he does that work in a civil and orderly manner, it can in no way interfere with the right of another man to rest, neither can it interfere with his right to worship. We very properly have laws protecting peaceable assemblies upon all days, and we have special laws protecting religious assemblies from disturbance. These laws are available upon any day of the week, and may be enforced at any time by those who feel that their rights are interfered with. Why, then, should we have laws requiring all men to rest upon Sunday, because some men wish to worship upon that day? There can be but one reason, and that is the " reason" of reli-gious bigotry and intolerance. One Man's Worship Not Dependent on An-other's Rest. There can be no reason why one man should rest simply because another wishes to worship. If this were a natural right, it would be the natural right of every man. Therefore it would also be the duty of the government to prohibit labor on the sixth and seventh days, as well as upon the first, because rights belong to the minority as much as to the majority. Indeed, government is for the purpose of pre-serving the rights of the minority as against  the majority; but there is no such natural right. And that there ought to be no such artificial or statutory right must be evident to every candid, thinking man. The framers of the National Constitution provided that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and several of the State Constitutions are even more explicit in their guarantees of religious liberty. The Declara-tion of Rights of the State of Tennessee de-clares " that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious es-tablishment or mode of worship." The Declaration of Rights of the State of California provides that " the free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination or prefer-ence, shall forever be guaranteed in this State." The Declaration of Rights of the State of Maine provides that " all men have a natural and inalienable right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own con-sciences, and no one shall be hurt, molested, or restrained in his person, liberty, or estate, in worshiping God in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of his own con-science, nor for his religious professions or sentiments, provided he does not disturb the public peace, nor obstruct others in their reli-gious worship." A Failure to Apply the Principle. The Declaration last quoted is a distinct recognition of the line of demarcation between civil and religious duties. The line is prop- erly drawn; and absolute right of conscience is guaranteed in everything not trenching upon the equal rights of others. It is true that this principle has not been adhered to strictly in any State; no more has the con- stitutional guarantee that there should be no distinction made and no preference given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship. It was evidently the purpose of the framers of the constitutions of the various States to absolutely prohibit a preference by law for any religion. The American idea is not that of toleration merely, but of absolute natural right and equality in religious matters. But in almost every State we find laws re-quiring cessation of secular affairs on Sunday; thus giving a decided preference and advan-tage to those sects which regard Sunday as the Sabbath. That such laws do discriminate be- tween sects, and that they do give preference to one sect over another, is thus clearly shown by Chief Justice Terry, of California, in an opinion delivered in 1858. His honor said :Š In a community composed of persons of various re-ligious denominations, having different days of wor-ship, each considering his own as sacred from secular employment, all being equally considered and pro-tected under the Constitution, a law is passed which in effect recognizes the sacred character of one of these days,' by compelling all others to abstain from secular employment, which is precisely one of the modes in which its observance is manifested, and required by the creed of that sect to which it belongs as a Sab-bath. Is not this a discrimination in favor of the one ? Does it require more than an appeal to one's common sense to decide that this is a preference ? And when the Jew or seventh-day Christian complains of this, is it any answer to say, Your conscience is not constrained, you are not compelled to Worship or to perform religious rites on that day, nor forbidden to keep holy the day which you esteem as a Sabbath ? We think not, however high the authority which de-cides otherwise. It is true that this view has not usually pre-vailed in courts of last resort; but courts are not infallible, and it is certain that in sustain-ing Sunday laws they have violated the funda= mental principle of liberty of conscience. 