350 A.101DEELIECA.N fig @IN-ir,11.1NTEIlLa VoL. 11, No. 44. Christ Triumphed on the Cross. Satan thought he got a great victory over God when he crucified Christ, bat inspiration tells us that Christ triumphed over the prin-cipalities and power of Satan in that very cross. If the place where Satan thought he got his greatest victory over God was really the place where God got his greatest victory over Satan and evil,Ša victory that is to re-deem the.world and the universe, what about the lesser victories that Satan has thought to gain over God ? What about the wrongs and injustices of other governments, and the per-secution of other martyrs? These too are only apparent victories for evil, but real victories for the good, for all minister to the final and universal triumph, which is soon to be, of love over hatred, and of truth over falsehood. Lowell well says:Š Truth forever on the scaffold, Wrong forever on the throne,ŠYet that scaffold sways the future; And behind the dim unknown, Standeth God within the shadow, Keeping watch above his own. All men do not see God within the shadow, but he is there, and there is no power but of him. Paul was not a prisoner of Nero, but of Jesus Christ. For the trusting one there is no prison only where Love holds the keys. Such souls can rest lovingly and peacefully in the Everlasting Arms, trusting the promise,"As thy day so shall thy strength be." Wickd men and wicked princes may.do their worst, and na-tions may conspire as of old against the Lord and against his anointed, but God is over all. Some day the souls whom God shall finally lift to the mountain summit with him will see that his purposes of Love, in spite of all the evil, and without oscellation, and without re-bounding, have been going steadily, grandly, onward through the centuries to the sublime realization. They then will see what faith so grandly perceived eighteen long centuries ago, that "there is no power but of God." Ł THE SUPREME COURT OF THE WORLD. [This article from the San Francisco Chronicle, of October 12, should have appeared last week, but was overlooked in making up the pages. For our com-ments upon the claims of the papacy voiced by Mr. Yorke, the reader is referred to an article on the sec-ond page of the SENTINEL of October 29.] ST. FRANCIS CHURCH was crowded to the doors last night to hear Rev. P. C. Yorke dis-cuss "The End of Controversy." Father Yorke began his address with a ref- erence to the differences that had arisen, civil and religious, in modern society. It was necessary, said Father Yorke, that there should be a court of last appeal in all strife, and that court must be, by an elementary process of reasoning, "the party known as the church of Rome. "God made his supreme court almighty and all-knowing," said Father Yorke. "He sent his apostles into the world to decide dis- putes and end controversies. Go ye, there- fore, unto all nations,' said our Lord. He authorized them to say what was so and what was not so. And so the end and arbiter of all controversies is the Christ that moveth about us and abideth with us. He is the Judge to whom we can take all our differ-ences. He is the Magistrate at whose feet we can lay all our quarrels, and from whom we can expect fair treatment, man to man. "The apostles spoke with the authority of Christ; for was it not said that he that be- lieved them believed Christ? The Lord in-tended that his apostolic church should con-tinue until the end of time. "The authority for these claims of the Ro-man Catholic Church is well known. At least it ought to be, for it has been repeated many times in the past eight months. The Lord said unto Peter, Thou art Peter, and upon this rock will I build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' There surely ought to be no misunderstand-ing of this text, and yet theologians have discovered that there are no less than three hundred and fifty different interpretations of it. "This power of deciding controversies was admitted by everybody to be in the province of the Roman -Catholic Church for 1,500 years. For 1,300 years nobody ever ques-tioned it. During all that time the world acknowledged the church of Rome as a court of last resort and final appeal. Even after the Reformation set in its leaders still yielded to Rome the functions of arbiter. And surely that period of undisputed possession of a func-tion is good ground for the church basing its claims to be the supreme court of the kingdom of Christ. "No other church but that of Rome has ever claimed this right. One would think that other smaller churches, and they are many, would have the effrontery to set up a claim to this power, but they did not. They knew too well that their doctrines fluctuated like the winds. "When the infallibility of the pope was announced the people laughed and said the pontiff had gone daft. Yet infallibility only means faith in the decision of the supreme court. If Christ established his supreme court it must be infallible. What's the me of having a religion if you are not sure of it? And thus the infallibility of the pope is the logical result of an elementary process of reasoning." NEWS AND NOTES. THE Evangelical Alliance of the United States has suggested a "Quiet Day" to be observed at an early date, in view of the perplexities, difficulties and dangers which characterize these closing years of the cen-tury. A LONDON journal reports that "a mission-ary of the London Missionary Society, re-cently arrived from Madagascar, says that the Jesuit policy, under the French administra-tion, is to get the Protestant missionaries out of the island by fair means or foul." THE Catholic Standard and Times (Phila-delphia), of October 31, reports a.  "political sermon" by Cardinal Gibbons, delivered in a Baltimore church, in which the latter avoided an indorsement of any political party, but urged the voters present to refuse to buy or sell votes, and to vote for the best man. THE recent marriage of the Princess Helene of Montenegro to the Crown Prince of Italy, was the occasion of a most pronounced snub-bing of the king and queen of Italy by the pope. Being a Catholic wedding the cere-mony and accompanying arrangements were in the hands of the Church, and when King Humberto and his wife arrived they found  no arrangements made to receive them, and were obliged to take seats in the body of the church like ordinary persons. Mgr. Passi-celli, who officiated, upon being asked to ex-plain, said that the details were arranged by the pope, who considered their majesties to be no part of the ceremonial. In addition to this the customary prayer for the royal house was omitted, a fact which greatly added to the astonishment and anger of the king and court. THE Independent (N. Y.), of October 29, notes with adverse comment the fact that the General Assembly of the Southern Pres-byterian Church has entered into a contract with the city of Fredericksburg, Va., by. which the latter will aid the Assembly's Home and school in that city. The Charleston Presbytery has taken exception to the Assem-bly's action. A PRINCIPLE in the creed of the Reformed Presbyterian Church in this country, forbids the exercise of the elective franchise, because the National Constitution does not recognize God. Yet on a recent occasion at Walton, Ulster County, N. Y., when the question of allowing or forbidding the sale of liquors in the town was to be decided, Reformed Pres-byterians voted with the rest, the result being a victory for prohibition. But a vote for pro-hibition under the present Constitution is an acknowledgment of the propriety of vot-ing under it for all good measures which can properly become subjects of civil legisla-tion. THE following quotation from President Woodruff, of the Mormon Church, given in the Deseret News, a Mormon journal of Salt Lake City, is regarded as significant relative to the question of Mormon abandonment of polygamy:Š After the passage of the Edmunds law forbidding the practice of polygamy there was a great deal of talk as to what was to become of the so called aban-doned wives, and Congress was induced to appropri-ate $500,000 to build a home for them. I believe the institution never had but one family, and that this was gotten at the special request of the officers. This is regarded in some quarters as don-vincing proof that polygamy has not been abandoned. THE following "election prayer" was pre-pared by Bishop Satterlee, of the Episcopal Church, and was made in Episcopal churches generally on Sunday, November 1:Š Most gracious God, we humbly beseech Thee, for the people of these United States in general, that Thou wouldst deepen in them a sense of their responsibility as citizens of the Commonwealth; to graft in their hearts the convictions that the right of suffrage is a trust from their country and from Thee, and to direct and prosper all their actions at this present time to the advancement of Thy glory, the good of the Church, the safety, honor and welfare of the people; that all things may be so ordered and settled by their endeavors upon Łthe best and surest foundations; that peace and happiness, truth and justice, religion and piety may be established among us for all gener-ations. This is the first time in the history of the church in America that such a step has been taken. ANARCHY cannot proceed to greater lengths than to set at naught the laws of the Al-mighty. 