THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 87 The Rev. Senator Edwards said that no one wanted the World's Fair to be open on Sunday, and that there were more than ten millions of Christian people who were strongly opposed to any desecra-tion of Sunday. There was no reason why the World's Fair at Chicago should not follow the ex-ample of the Centennial Exhibition in Philadelphia. Senator O'Connor said that there are others in this country than the descendants of the Puritan fathers. The Christian religion is no part of the fundamental law of this country, and the Legisla-ture has no right to discriminate in the passage of this resolution against people of other religions, who observe some other day than Sunday for their Sabbath. "I believe in religion," said Senator Brown, "but I do not think that an observance of the Sabbath day best consists in staying indoors and praying twenty-four hours. Sunday should be a day of rest and not of bondage." Senator McClelland said that they might as well close up Coney Island as the World's Fair, for Co-ney Island is much wickeder than the World's Fair would be. Senator Roesch's motion to refer Senator Hunter's resolution to the World's Fair Commissioners was carried by a vote of sixteen to fourteen. The Mail and Express taunts the Democrats with having "dodged a vote," and of having been afraid to face the question. These daily " religious de-bates" have taken a political color entirely, and furnish a sure forecast of the national religion of the National Reformers. -Ł-Ł  THE Sun reports the proceedings of the Legisla-ture, in passing the appropriation bill for the Met- ropolitan Museum of Art, thus :Š " Sunday and religion were discussed in the Sen- ate, and there was one of the most earnest debates of the session. The occasion was the bill to have New York City appropriate seventy thousand a year to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, on condi- tion that the Museum be kept open every day of the week, Sundays included. The bill had passed the Assembly without discussion. " Senator Hunter moved to strike out the Sunday clause. He said that the bill offered a bribe to the Museum authorities to desecrate the Sabbath day. "Senator O'Connor said that milk wagons ran on Sunday, and that it was as good for the people to see pictures on Sunday as to get milk and news- papers. " This is a bid for money at the expense of mo- rality,' said Senator Smith. It's bad enough in Central Park now without making it worse by passing this bill. People now on Sunday look at the animals, eat sandwiches, drink beer, and see snakes. It's not right for the State to put a pre-mium on breaking the Sabbath day.' "The Rev. Senator Edwards made the principal speech in opposition to the bill. Why break the Sabbath,' he said, and why make an appropriation of seventy thousand dollars for breaking down the American Sabbath ? Degradation in morals will surely follow. Stand by the old faith. Those who go to the Museum on Sundays are not the poor peo- ple and the working people who could not go on some other day, but loungers who might go as well on a week day.' " The bill passed by a vote of seventeen to eight. The negative votes were cast by moral Republicans and the Rev. Senator Edwards." THE following from the Pittsburg Dispatch is a telling commentary on the value and propriety of Government chaplaincies:Š "Mr. Milburn, the blind chaplain of the House, has made quite a reputation for the originality of his prayers. Few clergymen are more confidential and intimate in the language with which they hold what is here called an. executive session with the Deity ; and few are more liberal with advice to man, and claiming to have their inspiration direct from Heaven. Mr. Milburn has often incensed members by his criticism of the conduct of the House and even of individual members, in the guise of a prayer; and many of them have seriously canvassed the propriety of abolishing what is, at best, in both House and Senate, a hypocritical, hollow, and con-temptible show of piety. There is no greater bur- lesque of religion, and the solemnity which should attend its public practice, than these prayers and their surroundings. "I have often listened to the very eloquent prayer of the Senate Chaplain when there were but two or three senators present, and once when only one bowed his head in mock reverence to the performance. I use the adjective advisedly, for the senator is well known to be an agnostic. "In the House, though, of course, the number present at prayer is larger, the burlesque is even more evident. The sum and purpose of the em-ployment of a chaplaifi is to have the fact go to the religious elementq)f the country to show how pious and reverent the congressmen are, in that they can not proceed to business without a prayer. Of course, the religious element is not expected to discover that both senators and representatives carefully re-main away from prayers, unless it is more conveni-ent to be present. But if they must have prayers for the effect upon the religious element they don't want to be scolded by the chaplain. He is not em-ployed for that. He is not paid to give congress-men any moral or other advice whatever, but merely to play the part of a pious lay figure in the show windows of the capitol, to suggest the splendid character of the goods within, the Simon Pure re-ligious stuff, and no shoddy or fustian. They can stand a little scolding as a sort of novelty, a bit of prayerful comedy, but that sort of thing every morning, following upon the liberal congressional breakfast, becomes irritating and conducive to dys-pepsia. Therefore, Mr. Milburn has been quietly informed that if he does not want to start a move-ment for the abolition of his office it would be well for him to confine himself simply to an invocation of divine Providence to give as much of his favor as is fair and deserving to the American House of Representatives, and there let the matter rest. " On the other hand, Hon. Joseph J. Little, of the Twelfth New York district, elected to fill out the unexpired term of Hon. Roswell P. Flower, comes in with a joint resolution providing that the prayers of the chaplains shall be printed in the Record as a part of the congressional proceedings. This is an innovation that will hardly obtain while Chaplain Milburn continues his moral lectures to the House in his voluminous prayers." THE real meaning of the general alliance to close the World's Fair on Sunday is understood by some, as is shown by this note from the Eye, Snohomish, Wash. :Š It is seldom that the so-called representatives of God and the devil shake hands over the smoking chasm, so to speak, and co-operate in the interests of a few selfish bigots who want special legislation from Congress to drive " trade " to their doors; but such a picture is presented in Chicago, where the saloon keepers and the breweries, under instruc-tion from their associations, are co-operating with the different church denominations in an attempt to have the World's Fair closed on Sunday. " It is calculated that from one hundred thousand to two hundred thousand people will visit the exhibition on Sundays, and that would take away the saloon patronage on that day," is the reason given by liquor manufacturing and selling organizations for their action. With the saloons, as it seems to be with the churches, the closing of the Fair on Sun-day is a strictly business proposition; in each case it will drive patronage to their doors because there would be no other resorts open. If the church or-ganizations desire to work in the real interests of morality, let them concentrate their efforts in secur-ing the closing of the Chicago saloons on Sunday and stop their opposition to the opening of the Fair on that day ! This is twitting on facts, but the last sentence embodies an error. To attempt to close the saloons on Sunday, or any one day, and thus legalize them for the remainder of the week, is not working in the real interests of morality. The church which concentrates its efforts on the closing of saloons, and the stoppage of the liquor traffic on Sunday is striving to serve both God and Bacchus. God will not have his Church serve him but one seventh of the time. The principles of righteousness are the same for all days of the week so far as concerns the questions of temperate living. THE February issue of The Quarterly Register of Current history (Detroit, Mich., $1.00 a year), is a model one— Without beating about the bush, it strikes right at the very heart of its subject-mat-ter. From a clear and interesting treat-ment of international affairs, it proceeds to a series of splendid articles on "Affairs in Europe," " Affairs in Africa," "Affairs in Asia," and, last but not least, "Affairs in America." Under this last heading is included, the presidential discussion, the proceedings of Congress and the Legisla-tures, the state of trade, finance, and gen-eral politics. An elaborate treatise on the latest developments in Canada is an inter-esting feature of the number. THE undersigned, being a regularly ap-pointed transportation agent, will take pleasure in giving information concerning ships and arranging for a voyage for any one desiring such services. Berths on steam-ers should be secured as far in advance of date of sailing as possible in order to get the best available position. Write for list of proposed sailings, rates of passage, etc. T. A. KILGORE. 43 Bond *st., New York. ANALYTICAL CONCORDANCE TO THE BIBLE, On an Entirely New Plan. Containing every word in alphabetical order, arranged under its Hebrew or Greek original, with the literal meaning of each and its pronunciation. Exhibiting about 311,000 refer-ences, marking 30,000 VARIOUS READINGS in the NEW TESTAMENT. Designed for the simplest reader of the English Bible. By Robert Young, LL.D. Fourth revised authorized edition, printed on heavy paper. One large volume, 4to, cloth, $5.00; sheep, $6,00 cnuncii AND STATE IN THE UNITED STATES. OR THE AMERICAN IDEA OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AND ITS PRACTICAL EFFECTS, WITH OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS, BY PHILIP SCHAFF, D. D. This is a companion volume to "Religious Freedom," and discusses that part of the Constitution which protects us against the despotism of a State Church, and guarantees to us the free exercise and enjoyment of religion, as an inherent, inviolable, and inalienable right of every man. A most excel-lent treatise. Price, $1.50. THE PROGRESS OF RELIGIOUS FREEDOM, AS SHOWN IN THE HISTORY OF TOLERATION ACTS, BY PHILIP SCHAFF, D. D. This most excellent treatise traces the progress of Chris-tianity in its relation to the State from persecution to tolera-tion, and from toleration to freedom. It is a companion to the treatise on "CHURCH AND STATE IN THE UNITED STATES," and properly precedes it, and ends where the other begins. Both together form a brief history of RELIGIOUS LIBERTY IN EUROPE AND AMERICA. This history can best be written from an American stand-point, because America reaps the benefit of all the preceding toleration acts. and has successfully tested, by the experience of a century. the system of religious freedom on the basis of legal equality and a peaceful separation of Church and State. Price, $1.50. OUR COUNTRY, ITS POSSIBLE FU-TURE, AND PRESENT CRISISŠBy Rev. Josiah Strong. 228 pages, cloth, 60 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Cloth, $1. 25. Sheep, 82. 50. ieW-The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. Or Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond Sr., New York City. 