THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 409 NEWS, NOTES AND COMMENT *11171111111111111111111111IIIIT11111111117111111111111171M An effort to secure a more rigid Sunday law in Louisiana has apparently failed, the legislature of the State refusng to act. The law was sought professedly in the interests of temperance. * * The net results of the St. Louis strike thus far are 14 persons killed, 16o wounded and an estimated loss to the company of $1,200,000. The loss to the city in a business way has been very large. * * * Investigations show that the Cuban service is hon-eycombed with fraud. It is now said that many Cu-bans have been receiving large salaries for merely nominal services in connection with the University of Havana. The St. James Gazette thinks that "China is teach-ing the United States the impossibility of a great trad-ing nation avoiding imperialism," and adds : "Amer-ica's experience will teach her it is not the desire to grab distant lands, but unavoidable destiny that drives Great Britain ever forward. Washington has no choice but to protect the imperiled American citizens, and having once interfered in China to protect her in-terests, she shall never be able to shake from her shoes the dust of the celestial empire." * * * A correspondent of the N. Y. Independent, writing of saloons in Manila, says : "I do not believe our ad-vent to the Philippines has yet caused any appreciable increase of drinking among the islanders ; this effect may possibly come later. We have brought our own vices to this land, and up to the present time we alone indulge in intemperance. When the Filipinos consider the matter at all, they say our men are fools not to realize their excesses will eventually kill them, and they marvel at the American lack of self-control in the matter of drinking as exemplified by our army." * The Inter Ocean's London correspondent thinks that "Germany dreams of an empire to rival Great Britain's ; at present she seeks a great share of the world's commerce ; and soon she will be willing to use her guns to get it and to defend it; she avows no terri- torial aspirations, but if the opportunity arises she will exploit South America as England has exploited Africa." Recently a bootblack in Springfield, Mass., was fined five dollars, not simply for "shining" a pair of shoes on Sunday, but for "shining" them after ten o'clock on SundayŠ"shining" shoes at the very hour he ought to have been at church, or at least on his way there. If a part of Sunday is more "sacred" than another part it would seem that it must be the portion usually devoted to public services in the churches. This is no modern innovation invented by the modern preacher to induce people to go to church. No sir ; it was so in the time of Constantine and subsequently. It was so in England as much as two centuries ago, and it is becoming more and more apparent in our own country. We suppose that this is one reason why some people think that the prime object of Sunday laws is to encourage attendance at church by discour-aging everything else. But perish the thought ! Any-body who wants to can easily see that in demanding a law prohibiting the "shining" of shoes on Sunday the preachers are actuated only by the desire to pro-mote the bootblack's physical good. Anybody can see from the haggard look on their faces that they need rest, and if they won't take it voluntarily they must be compelled to take it or to pay roundly for their wilfulness. One of the conditions upon which the Filipinos propose to submit to the authority of -the United States is the expulsion of the friars. To this it is stated that General MacArthur made reply that this rested not with him, but with, the Taft commission. "But not even the Taft commission," says the Spring-field Republican, "can decide that issue. Congress is a higher power than any number of gentlemen the Pr esident may send to study life in Luzon. And when friars are involved, even Congress will find itself bound by the Paris treaty, if not by the Constitution of the United States. Into that treaty the Spanish negotia-tors succeeded in writing some clauses which will give the policy of expelling the friars, or confiscating their property, an immense amount of trouble. The Fili-pinos may cry `Expel!' Expel!' and even Senator Lodge may say that expulsion should take place, yet expulsion is not likely to take place while William McKinley remains President of the United States and ruler of the Philippine Islands. The Filipinos by themselves would have cut the knot, as the Mexicans did under Juarez, but the United States can do noth-ing radical, without raising a religious issue at home." 