60. A.10nEFLICA,N" SIMNTrrINTILA VoL. 11, No. 8. THE BARBER SUNDAY LAW. RELIGIOUS legislation in the State of New York has been recently strengthened by a decision by Justice Ingraham, of the Appellate division of the State Supreme Court, affirm-ing the constitutionality of the law requiring all the barber shops in the State to be closed on Sundays, except in the cities of New York and Saratoga, where they are permitted to be open on Sundays till 1 o'clock P. M. The language by which the Justice sought to sustain his decision is as follows:Š There is nothing in this act that attempts to provide that the appellant shall not carry on his particular trade or calling in any manner, or at any place that he pleases. He is simply prohibited from carrying on that trade on Sunday. An examination of the legislation of most of the States will' show that that subject was regulated by statute prior to the adoption of the Federal Constitution and the constitution of the State, and that prohibition of work upon Sunday, more or less severe, was in force in all the States at that time, and the right of the legislature to regulate the observance of the sabbath has been recognized without exception by this and some of the other States since the formation of our Government. The first two sentences of this opinion are simply contradictory to each other. Prohibi-tion of one's regular business on Sunday is a prohibition of that business in any place and in any manner, so long as it lasts; and pro-hibition at one time of any business or pursuit is justifiable only by the propriety of its pro-hibition at all times, save under emergencies which arise from extraordinary circumstances. In other words, the character of a thing is not determined by its length ; a piece of rope is no less rope because it may be only one seventh as long as another piece of rope. And so with the prohibition of Sunday business; it is no less prohibition in toto because it is inter-mittent in character and only one seventh as long as if it were continued throughout -the week. It follows, also, that if the legislature can rightfully prohibit a business on one day of the week, it can rightfully prohibit it on all days of the week. The two pieces of legisla- tion would be, in principle, precisely the same. In the plea of unconstitutionality upon which the law was brought before the supreme court, the point was raised that it is class legislation, since it confers special privileges upon shops in New York and Saratoga. Concerning this the Justice said :Š We do not think that the act can be questioned on this ground. If the legislature has power to regulate the observance and prevent the desecration of the sabbath, it has power to say what acts in the different localities of the State it is necessary to prohibit to accomplish this purpose. It is quite conceivable that an act should be prohibited in one locality, thickly settled, which, in sparsely settled districts of the State, could be allowed; and for this reason an act might be objectionable in one district while not in another. It will be noticed that this decision does not recognize the " civil sabbath " idea at all, but treats of the statute as one to " regulate the observance and prevent the desecration of the sabbath." In other words, the statute is recognized as a piece of religious legislation. " Desecration-" of the " sabhath ' cannot mean any other kind of act than one per-taining to religion. The point that the statute is class legisla-tion is well taken. All religions legislation is class legislation in the interests of the class professing the religion thus " favored." And this statute is further identified as class legis-lation by the reason alleged in the appeal. While it is no doubt true that under some circumstances " an act should be prohibited in one locality, thickly settled, which in  sparsely settled districts of the State could be allowed," this fact constitutes a very poor reason for forbidding the act in Brooklyn, Buffalo, Rochester, etc., and allowing it in Saratoga. In conclusion, it may be said that the Justice's, appeal to the long-standing Sunday legislation of this country as a justification of such legislation now, is an appeal to a very bad source. Such legislation was wrong then, just as it -is wrong now. Lapse of time does not make wrong right. Its pedigree is trace-able directly back to the Old World legislation of Church and State times. It should have been repealed at the birth of ,this free Re-public. CLERICAL tIVIL GOVERNMENT. A KNOWLEDGE of what' this Government will become when its legislators surrender fully to the demands of the clergy, and its laws are modeled after (their ideas of) the ' will of God, is not dependent upon theory or logic. It is furnished us by the plain testi-mony of historical facts. There is nothing new under the sun,Šnot even the " National Reform" theory of gov-ernment. Indeed, that theory is older than the theory expressed in our national Constitu-tion, and has been many times put upon tria'. History is full of instruction upon this point; but her lessons are never sufficiently learned by the generality of mankind. This is why historyŠevil historyŠso peristently repeats itself. We have not to go back very far into the past to find the information sought. Nor are we obliged to turn to Roman Catholic lands. Indeed, those most active in National Reform work ,are the descendants .of the old Scottish Covenanters, and it, is the Scottish Covenanter theory of government which they are seeking to establish in this country. That theory was once well established in Scotland, and very interesting to enlightened people in this age is the record of the proceedings under it. That record may be found in " Buckle's His-tory of Civilization." First, however, by way of introduction, we quote the following from the "Encyclopedia Britannica," article, "Pres-byterianism ":Š For the spiritual tyranny which they [the Covenant-ers] introduced the reader should refer to Mr Buckle's famous chapter; or, if he thinks those statements to be partial or exaggerated, to original records, such as those of the Presbyteries of St. Andrews and Cupar. The arrogance of the ministers' pretensions and the readiness with which these pretensions were granted, the appalling conceptions of the Deity which were in-o ilcated, and the absence of all contrary expression of opinion, the intrusions on the domain of the mag-istrate, the vexatious interference in every detail of family and commercial life, and the patience with which it was borne, are to an English reader alike amazing. " We acknowledge," said they, " that ac-cording to the latitude of the Word of God (which is our theme) we are allowed to treat in an ecclesiastical way of greatest and smallest, from the king's throne that should be established in righteousness, to the merchant's balance that should be used in faithful-ness." The liberality of the interpretation given to this can only be judged of after minute reading. Turning now to " Buckle's famous chapter" (chapter V. of his " History of Civilization"), we find the following (the notes, in brackets, being from Buckle's foot-notes in proof of his statements) :Š " According to the Presbyterian polity, which' reached its height in the seventeenth century. the clergyman of the parish selected a certain number of laymen on whom he could depend, and who, under the name of elders, were his councillors, or rather the ministers of his authority. They, when assembled together, formed what was called the Kirk-Session, and this little court, which enforced the decisions ut-tered in the pulpit, was so supported by the supersti- tious reverence of the people, that it was far more powerful than any civil tribunal. By its aid, the minister became supreme. For, whoever presumed to disobey him was excommunicated, was deprived of his property, and was believed to have incurred the penalty of eternal perdition." " The clergy interfered with every man's private concerns, ordered how he should govern his family, and often took upon themselves the personal control of his household. [Clarendon, under the year 1640, emphatically says, "The preacher reprehended the husband, governed the wife, chastised the children, and insulted over the servants, in the houses of the greatest men."ŠNote 26.] Their minions, the elders, were everywhere; for each parish was divided into several quarters, and to each quarter one of these of-ficials was allotted, in order that he might take special notice of what was done in his own district. Besides this, spies were appointed, so that nothing could es-cape their supervision." Sunday observance was enforced in a man-ner which, to even the strictest National Re-former, would have been unexceptionable " Not only the streets, but even private houses, were searched, and ransacked, to see if any one was absent from church while the minister was preaching," [In 1652. the Kirk Session of Glasgow " brot boyes and servants before them, for breaking the sabbath and other faults. They had clandestine censors, and gave money to some for this end." And by the Kirk-Ses-sion, Presbytery, and Synod of Aberdeen, it was " thocht expedient that ane baillie with tua of the ses-sion pas throw the towne everie sabboth-day, and nott [note] sic as they find absent fra the sermons ether afoir or efter none [either before or after noon]; and for that effect that thoy pas and sersche sic houss as they think maist meit, and pas athort the streittis." " Ganging throw the towne on the ordinar preiching days in the weik, als weill as on the sabboth day to cause the people to resort to the sermones. " The session allous the searchers to go into houses and apprehend absents from the Kirk.]"--Notes 2g, 29. The preacher was exalted to a position which, in the public mind, must have been but little short of the place of deity :Š " To him [the minister], all must listen, and him all must obey. Without the consent of his tribunal, no person might engage himself either as a domestic servant, or as a field laborer. If any one incurred the displeasure of the clergy, they did not scruple to summon his servants and force them to state whatever they know respecting him, and whatever they bad seen done in his house. [In 1652, Sir Alexander Irvine indignantly writes, that the Presbytery of Aberdeen, " when they had tried many waves, bot in vaine, to mak probable this their vaine imaginatione, they, at lenthe, when all other meanes failed theme, by ane unparalleled barbaritie, enforced my serwandis to reweall upon oathe what they eawe, herd, or knewe done within my house, beyond which no Turkische inquisitione could pase "ŠNote 3.1.] To speak disre-spectfully of a preacher was a grievous offense; to differ from him was a heresy; even to pass him in the streets without saluting him, was punished as a crime. His very name was regarded as sacred, and not to be taken in vain. And that it might be prop erly protected, and held in due honor, an assembly of tilt church, in 1642, forbade it to be used in any pub-lic paper unless the consent of the holy man had been previously obtained." The "law and order" leagues, city vigil-ance leagues, and "societies for the prevention of crime," were very numerous:Š "The arbitrary and irresponsible tribunals, which now sprung up all over Scotland, united the executive authority with the legislative, and exercised both functions at the same time. Declaring that certain acts ought not to be committed, they took the law into their own hands, and punished those who bad committed them. According to the principles of this new jurisprudence, of which the clergy were the au-thors, it became a sin for any Seotchman to travel in a Catholic country. It was a sin for any Scotch inn-keeper to admit a Catholic into his inn. It was a sin for any Scotch town to hold a market either on Sat-urday or on Monday, because both days were near Sunday. It was a sin for a Scotohwoman to wait at a tavern; it was a sin for her to live alone; it was also a sin for her to.live with unmarried sisters. It was a sin to go from one town to another on Sunday, how-ever pressing the business might be. It was a sin to visit your frierd on Sunday. . . . On that day horse exercise was sinful; so was walking in the fields or in the meadows, or in the streets, or enjoying the fine weather by sitting at the door of your own house. To go to sleep on Sunday, before the duties of the day were over, was also sinful, and deserved church 