98 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. JWAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE first battle has been fought, and the first blood shed, by the United States Government, in pursuance of a policy of foreign conquest. Ł Sixty American soldiers, and several thousands of Filipinos, have met death in armed conflict at Manila. This is the first fruits of imperialism, but not by any means the last that it will bear. Upon whom rests the responsibility for this terrible affair? Does it rest upon that party in the Government which favored the recognition of the right of the Filip-inos to govern themselves? or upon that party which refused to give to them any assurance that the purpose of the American forces in the Philippines was friendly to such a government as thenatives desired? Does the blame for this bloodshed rest with theparty which counseled a peaceful attitude toward the Filipinos? or with that party which refused to modify an attitude of unmistakable hostility? Does a peaceful attitude provoke strife? or is strife provoked by menace? There is no principle with which the Government's action can be harmonized except such as has always been offered in justification of foreign conquest. It is genuine imperialism; and the pretense that it is any-thing else is so thin and illogical that we may expect such pretense to be shortly laid aside altogether. Human Rights. MEN are human. Human rights are those which belong to men simply because they are men. Rights, in this connection, signifies that which be-longs personally to you and me; and which can never justly be taken away. We cannot resign them, they cannot be justly exercised by any other person or com-bination of persons anywhere. There is no exception to this; for when we speak of rights it must be unqualifiedly and without exception. To speak of rights with an ex-ception, is to deny in fact the thing which we profess and which we claim in behalf of rights. Human beings possess rights by direct endowment of the Creator. WhoeVer disregards the rights of men, shows disrespect to the Creator. Whoever encroaches  upon the lights of men ignores the prerogative of God Therefore, of all people in the world, those who stand before the world as Christians should be the most re-spectful of the rights of men, and the most vigilant and tenacious in regarding those rights. The Bible is given to instruct men how to be Chris-tians. The Bible is addressed to all men for the sole purpose of causing them to become Christians: and meets its purpose only in those who do become Chris-tians. Practically, therefore, the Bible is addressed only to Christians: and the shining in these of the light which they have so received makes them the light of the world. Sacred regard for human rights is a Christian virtue. And for people who stand before the world as Christians, to disregard human rights is doubly wrong: in that it is wrong in itself, and turns the light into darkness, causing others to stumble on in darkness instead of showing, as they are set to show, the better way. The fourteenth chapter of Romans briefly covers the whole ground of instruction to all men, and especially to Christians, as to true respect for human, rights. This fourteenth chapter belongs really to the thirteenth; for it is a direct continuation of the subject introduced in the beginning of the thirteenth chapter. There is much truth lost many times by holding strictly to the chapter divisions. If it were borne in mind that often the chapter divisions are just where they ought not to be, much would be gained in Bible study. The thirteenth and fourteenth chapter of Romans deal with exactly the same subject,Šthe relationship of individuals as Christians to all men both as individuals and as organized in governmentsŠas individuals and as "the powers that be,"Špowers that are beyond the in-dividual. The first verse of the thirteenth chapter says, "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power re-sisteth the ordinance of God: and they that resist shall receive unto themselves damnation." Next we are told what we are to render to the powers that be,Š" Tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor." Then the law of God is quoted, showing wherein " the powers that be" have no jurisdiction at all. While the powers that be may have.  jurisdiction of things which concern man's relation to his fellowman, by which "the powers" would protect one from the en- croachment of another, these powers have no jurisdic- tion whatever in those things which belong between men and God. The thirteenth chapter sets forth those things which belong to the powers that be, and all the com- mandments which are referred to are those which touch only the relation to men with men; and not at all the relation of men to God. Love is the fulfilling of the law. Love worketh no ill to his neighbor, therefore love is the fulfilling of the law. 