AMERICAN SENTINEL. 307 of the papacy to give to it the character of "holiness" ? as for instance the "Holy Roman Empire." In 1823, this "Holy Alliance" was about to exert its power to bring all the South American colonies back in full subjection to Spain, and so to confirm and enlarge the dominion of Spain on this continent. And this of course would open the way for the planting or extension of the power of the other parties to the "Holy Alliance" on this continent also; also extending here their absolute monarchial governments: and with it all would be the extension of the power of the papacy which alone could give to the alliance the character of "holy." Information of this scheme was conveyed by England, which was not one of the allied powers, to the United States Government. Whereupon President Monroe, in his annual message of the year 1823, published the fol-lowing sentences:Š "We owe it to candor and to the amicable relations existing between the United States and the allied powers, to declare that we should consider any attempt on their part to extend their system to any portion of this hemi-sphere as dangerous to our peace and safety. "With, the existing colonies or dependencies of any European power, we have not interfered, and shall not interfere; but with the governments which have declared their independence and maintained it, and whose inde-pendence we have, on great consideration and just prin-ciples, acknowledged, we could not view an interposition for oppressing them, or controlling in any other manner their destiny by any European power, in any other light than as a manifestation of an unfriendly desposition toward the United States." He also declared in another place in the same message that "The American continent should no longer be sub-jects for any new European colonial settlement." And it is said on authority that "These words of President Monroe were addressed especially to Spain and Portugal." Tbat is the Monroe Doctrine, and such was the occa-sion that called it forth. And that Monroe Doctrine is the thing, the "wisdom" of which the papacy now says "will be acknowledged." Yet this is to be done with a "but." It is not to be a plain, open, and free acknowledgement. It is to be an acknowledgement with a string to it: "The wisdom of the Monroe Doctrine will be acknowledged; BUT the inci-dental responsibility of the United States thereunder will be defined and demonstrated." That is to say that the papacy will acknowledge the wisdom of the Monroe Doctrine, "but" she will interpret the doctrine for the United States. She and her proposed "congress of nations" will acknowledge the wisdom of the Monroe Doctrine, "but" she and her "congress of na-tions" will "define" it, and also will "define and demon-strate the incidental responsibility of the United States under it" as thus defined and interpreted by herself and her "congress of nations." And thus it is that the papacy assumes and publicly announces the prerogative of supremacy over the United  States, to interpret the most cherished doctrines, and to decide the most important affairs of this Government. Again, we say, When the papacy takes this bold stand at the very beginning of complications between the United States and a European power, what will she not do when complications have deepened, when other Euro-pean interests have become involved, and when in it all settlements must be made? In this affair between the United States and Spain, there are more points of interest and solemn importance-than the movements of the army and navies. A. T. J. "Is life worth living?" Yes, it is worth living in the G trden of Eden. "But I am not in the Garden of Eden." Well, then, let God create you new in Christ, and he will put you there. He laid down that rule in the case of Adam. P-.¨ I 4 The Last War Scene. PUBLIC interest centers just now upon the news from the seat of war. People would like to know in advance what is going to happen during the continuance of the conflict; but this not being possible, they scan the ‚`extras" and the bulletin boards to get the news of an event as soon after it has happened as the facilities of modern science can set it before them. What events may transpire before the present war is concluded, no one can foretell. What other conflicts be-tween the nations may be inaugurated, and what results may attend them, are matters hidden behind the veil which no human hand can draw aside. It Might not be of any benefit to us if we could know them. But there is one thing we can know, and it is the thing we would nat. urally want to know most, and which it would be most to our benefit to know; that is, what is to be the final outcome. How does it all end,Šall the war fervor and all the vast preparations made by all the powers for an expected conflict? We may know the answer to this question because the Word of God has set it plainly be-fore us. Turn to the 19th chapter of Revelation. There is given a description (v. 11 and onward) of One who comes forth from heaven upon a white horse, followed by the armies of heaven, down to the earth. The description leaves no room for doubt that the One who thus rides at the head of the armies of heaven is the Son of God. He goes forth to war, and "out of his mouth," says the Scripture, "goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations"; and all the fowls of the air are called to come and eat "the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great." And what of the nations at that time? What will be their attitude? The chapter says (v. 19):Š "And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth,andd 