VOLUME 15: NUMBER.  CHICAGO, OCTOBER 11, 190o. o o  2  r..  "If a c; an hear my words; and beetle not !judge him nor'ŠJesus Christ' THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, } C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. CHRISTIANITY is not a cult; it is the life of_God in the soul. .4  .4  THE gospel and the gospel only " is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." .4 .4  GOD in Christ Jesus reconciles the world unto.  himself. CiVil law has no part in the work of sal: vation. .4  .0 RIGHTS being God-given and inherent can not be destroyed nor cease to be though their exercise may be denied. .4 .4 Two things are essential to the 'formation of moral character, first, moral law, and, second, free-dom of choice: One'who always did right simply because he could not do wrong would never develop moral character; and this is the ever and all-suffi-cient answer to all cavils as to the wisdom of Gbd in permitting sin. THE moral tone of society can be improved only by elevating the moral tone of the individuals who compose society. THE despotism of the mob, is even more hateful because more hopeless than the despotism of a single individual. THAT government ,is best that guarantees the greatest possible freedom. on the part of all without trenching upon the liberties of any. 1P-4-41.  THE SPHERE OF CIVIL GOVERNMENT. THE theory that civil government must' have,  something to.do with religion, and that it must in some degree at least enforce the divine law, is radi-cally opposed to the teaching of Divine Revelation. The Scriptures plainly declare that "every one of us shall give account of himself to God," not to civil government. Our accountability to God includes every act of our lives. It includes every relation of life. The divine law not only requires that we love God su-premely, but also that each soul shall love his "neigh-bor as himself. Hence any disregard of the rights our fellowmen is a violation not only of just civil law,. but, first of all, it is violative of the divine law, and is sin. But civil law does not, or at least should not, undertake to punish sin, but only crime. Sin pertains not only to the outward act, but has its beginning in the secret thought, in the hidden motive, deep down in the heart. And while the act affects our fellowmen, while it may be an invasion of human rights, the sin is without qualification 