316 THE A1\71E:RICAN SENTINEL. dorse and support the recent protest-of citizens of Nashville against Sunday tippling, and proffer cordial co-operation with them in their patriotic and lawful efforts to enforce the law against its violators, and in the enforcement of all other. laws. Our third-party friends who think that if we would demonstrate our temperance principles we should by all means support the Prohibition ticket—seek to allay our fears by saying that the Prohibition party has nothing to do with Sunday laws. We would like to have them explain this resolution, and tell us whether or not the Prohibi-tionists of Nashville are in harmony with the party at large. We cannot understand how the mention of Sunday in the connection that it comes in these resolutions, has anything to do with temperance. The first resolution says that the sale of intoxica-ting liquors is the "source of physical, intellectual, and moral unsoundness :" that it produces deg-radation and crime; and therefore they believe in prohibiting it. Very good ; but if they do act-ually believe in prohibiting it, why do they need to specify their protest against Sunday tippling, and their determination to enforce the prohibition of liquor on Sunday? If they are really Prohi- bitionists, as we have always understood the term, that would include the stopping of the sale of liquor on Sunday as well as on all other days. But if their movement involves something less than the complete suppression of the liquor traffic, Šif, as their reference to Sunday implies, they will be at least in a measure content with the suppression of the sale of liquor on Sunday,Šhow can they harmonize that with the terrible arraignment of the liquor traffic in the first reso-lution? It seems to us that there is insincerity somewhere, or else a compounding of crime. Will some third-party friend inform us why it is nec-essary to specify Sunday tippling in resolutions declaiming against any sale whatever of liquor? E. J. W. Ł Gathering up the Tares. THE great burden of National Reformers seems to be to rid the earth of everyone who will not accept their theory of government. A few weeks ago Dr. A. T. Wolff, who, according to the Chris-tian Statesman, "is a thoroughNational Reform man," delivered a lecture on " People We Can Do Without." In his list, he mentioned " grumblers," "fault-finders," and "discontented people," and also those who have no "religion in politics." That is to say, that God's great wheat-field, the world, could very well do without the tares which the enemy has sown. We are glad to say that we heartily agree with Dr. Wolff on this point, although a dispute might arise as to who consti-tutes the tares, should we attempt to settle it. Having agreed with the Doctor that tares are " a nuisance, and we could well do without them," we would now like to inquire what the National Reformers propose to do with them. Rev. E. B. Graham wants to send them to some wild, deso-late land, and let them stay there till they die." And Dr. Edwards declares that "atheism and Christianity cannot dwell together on the same continent." Under the National Reform system of govern-ment, altpersons who are regarded by them as tares will have to do one of two things,Šthey will have to pretend to be good wheat or else they will have to allow themselves to be gathered up and transferred to some other continent, and if that continent should chance also to have a "Re- form " government, there is no telling when or where they would stop. This question of what shall be done with the "tares" is a very important one, so important that it is asked and answered by Christ himself. He says: "The servants said unto him, Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up ? But he said, Nay ; lest while ye gather up the tares, ye root up also the wheat with them." Notwith-standing this plain command of ChriSt's, many of his professed servants have undertaken to gather up the tares and root them out, but the result has always been that they rooted out more wheat than they did tares. Millions of stalks of the choicest wheat were destroyed during the Dark Ages in the vain endeavor to pluck up the tares. "Let both grow together," says Christ, "until the harvest; and in the time of harvest I will say to the reapers, Gather ye together first the tares, and bind them in bundles to burn them ; but gather the wheat into my barn." Again Christ says, "The harvest is the end of the world ; and the reapers are the angels." Whosoever, there-fore, undertakes to root up the tares is undertak-ing a work which belongs only to the angels, and which not even they have a right to attempt un-til commanded by Christ at the end of the world. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. sk Ł 40 Sunday-Law Church Going. IN the Missouri Sunday-law Convention Dr. Hayes, of Kansas City, made a speech in which he said:Š " It is said, ' Is not this Sunday excursion of the country, this trip to the country, is not that rest ? ' Now I have seen some of these trips to the country ; I used to take them occasionally. I have been around considerably to picnics. I have gone to a good many Congregational picnics. Absolutely, I never went anywhere from which I came home more tired than from a Sunday-school picnic. I took my brother from Allegheny into the Rocky Mountains one summer, and we worked so hard resting that we came home absolutely worn outŠboth of us were abso-lutely worn out. If you want to see the nervous effect of a Sunday excursion out of Kansas City into a suburban town, take passage on the return home train. The men had caroused all day, letting their wives carry the baby, and if you ever saw a fagged-out set of women you will see it then. The next day as compositors in the printing office, as apprentices in the workshops, and in their blacksmith shops, and carpenter shopsŠthese men all day were not worth much more than half a hand's wages. That is the fact about it. Why ?ŠBecause that Sunday, instead of being a day of rest and invigoration, was a day of exhaustion, of nervous exhaustion, and they came back home fagged-out. You follow that same man's brother ; probably he took a good nap Sabbath morning ; got up at eight o'clock ; had a good, comfortable breakfast with his chil-dren ; along about nine o'clock the children went to Sabbath-school; and at ten o'clock he and his wife leisurely walked down to the church, took their seat in God's house quietly, and listened to the sermon, and by and by went home and took a good comfort-able dinner. Then he took a good rest in the after-noon, went to the church at night, and Monday morn-ing that man went to his shop and took hold of the plane and was ready for work." This contrast is no doubt correct between the man who carouses and the man who goes to church. But admitting all this to be true, then what is the object of stopping the Sunday excur-sion trains and street-cars, except it be to have the people go to church instead of on excursions? But will they go to church when the cars are stopped? Will not those who are given to ca- rousing carry it on in the city instead of going to church? It is not at all true, however, that all of the people who go to the park and on excursions on Sunday are given to carousing. A further point in this is the arrogant as-sumption of the Sunday-law clerics of power to compel everybody to conform to their views on Sunday. Because some people choose to ill-use themselves upon opportunity, therefore all opportunity to use themselves either well or ill on that day, except that of going to church, must be taken away from everybody I "It is of the essence of power that it may be ex-ercised unwisely or abused by those to whom it is intrusted." And because some choose to abuse their rights of recreation and enjoyment, this does not in any sense justify the effort of the Sunday-law advocates to take away from others, or even these, the right to rightly use these pow-ers. When these Sunday-law men shall have succeeded in their effort to regulate the exercise of the powers of others, what assurance have we that they themselves will not abuse the power which they propose to exercise ? There is no assurance whatever that they will not, but we have the assurance of all history that they will. More than this, there is no remedy in law for such evils. All that law can possibly do in such cases is by the exercise of restraint to check the evil for a time, and that time is only until the restraint can be cast off, or the vigilance of those who enforce the law is slacked. Then not only does the evil go on, but it goes on with acceler-ated force, from the fact that the victims will reimburse themselves for the deprivations which they have been forced to bear. As the Hon. Mr. McDougal told the Sunday-law preachers at Columbus, Ohio, the remedy for all these things of which they complain, lies deeper than can be reached by law, and can be effected by nothing else than the strictly remedial power of the gospel of Jesus Christ. That renews the mind, purifies the heart, and reforms the life, by implanting the abiding principle of absolute right and the love of it. If these men would employ the power of the gospel of Christ in their work, instead of the power of the civil law, they would find the results much more rapid and effective. A. T. J. Avoiding the Appearance of Church and State. MRS. BATEHAM, the representative of the Na-tional Woman's Christian Union before the Sen-ate Committee, in the hearing on the Sunday-Rest bill, said that it was the desire of that or-ganization, that " promote" in the title of the bill should be changed to "protect." This was asked, she said, "so that it should have no ap-pearance of what all Americans object to, any union of Church and State." It seems to be the motto of every organization that is working for a Sunday law, to avoid all ap-pearances of their real object. The National Re-form Association, and all who affiliate with them, know that every true American is opposed to any union of Church and State, and if the real inward-ness of their movement should come to the sur-face, their object would be defeated. So of course they must deny all charges of working to unite the Church with the State. They say, " We are opposed to any union of Church and State." How are they opposed ? In this way : They do not design that any one denomination shall make use of the civil power to further its own sectarian aims, or have them favored in any way by it; but they are in favor 