MAY 1896. AMIEttiCAiiq and such prayers ought to be discontinued. It is all right for people to pray for Congress and for the success of all worthy undertakings with which that body may be concerned; but such prayer must be offered merely as the prayer of an individual, and not in the capac-ity of a government official, which is that of a representative of the people. Religiously, the people have no representative save Jesus Christ, he whom the high priest typified in the service of the sanctuary, in the days of the Jewish theocracy. To set up a religious representative of the people in Congress is really nothing less than blasphemy, though it is done, of course, with motives no one will impugn. Persons acting in representative capacity naturally feel under some obligation to give expression in their official action to the wishes and ideas of those to whom they owe their appointment. Hence it is not strange that the official prayers in Congress should fre-quently, as they do, have a partisan coloring. Again, it is quite natural that " patriotism;" in a time of some national crisis, should cause the official prayer to breathe forth anything but the gentle spirit of love to our enemies which is characteristic of Christianity. The last session of our National House of Repre-sentatives, which convened while the Vene-zuelan excitement was at its height, was opened with the prayer, " Heavenly Father, let peace reign throughout our borders. Yet may we be quick to resent anything like an in-insult to this our nation," etc. The business of a nation is not Christianity; it is not for this that it keeps its standing armies and builds its navies. It is not in pursuance of this that it demands reparation for an injury and satisfaction for an insult. And it can-not consistently hire an individual to pray for that which is contrary to its own policy. But any prayer that is dictated by anything else than the pure spirit of Christianity, is a mockery, and would far better remain un-uttered. And it might be added, that any work for souls which is actuated by the love of temporal reward rather than by the mov-ings of the divine Spirit, can only result in far greater harm than good. The secular public-school system is next brought forward as an evil to be remedied by the proposed " Christian" Amendment; and the " reform " party, pointing to this system, exclaim, " Secular teaching, secular books, secular history, secular science,Ševery branch godless, Christless, religionless I " But this is mere assumption. Who can limit or locate the presence of God ? Who can tell through what means God may be working ? Is not his presence everywhere, indeed, save in sinful hearts which have shut him oat by their own volition ? May not God reveal himself to the student of the sciences, or of history, in the things which he studies ? Does not all nature speak of his power and glory ? Ah, it is not the secular books, or the secular teaching, which shuts out God and his lessons of divine truth from the mind; but it is the heart itself which welcomes the truth or turns from it, according as it is controlled by the forces of good or evil. There is a world-wide difference between the meanings of the terms "secular" and " godless." " Secular" has no reference to religion at all; " godless," on the contrary, means irreligion. The teaching of the dis-covered laws and phenomena of science is purely secular teaching; but it is not anti- Christian teaching. The laws of nature are the Taws of God; and God has made all his works to testify of him. " The heavens de- clare the glory of God, and the firmament sheweth his handiwork." Ps. 19: 1. And  further, we read that " the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they [all men] are without excuse." Rom. 1: 20. Let the laws of God and the works of God speak for themselves, and they will never testify against their Maker. But the religious amendmentists would have in our public schools teachers whose religious qualifications were determined by the State, to teach the word of God as inter-preted and construed by the courts, or by some other human authority. They would convert these schools into sectarian institu-tions, thus making them no longer public, though maintained and controlled by the State. They would open the door for this injustice, in order that God might enter. But God will not walk hand in hand with injustice. We are asked also to " remember that the logical and consistent friends of secular gov-ernment are atheists, infidels, deists, Spirit-ualists, and skeptics generally." This is mere word-painting. The real truth is, as the amendment party must know, that their opponents will when the final issue comes, include all who may find themselves the position of dissenters from the prevailing religious views. In every land where the government assumes to take charge of relig-ious exercises and teaching, there are numer-ous dissenters who profess the Christian re-ligion. It could not possibly be otherwise in this age of diversified religious beliefs. Then let the National Constitution remain as it is,Šthe charter of the common rights and liberties of all. Let not any injustice be perpetrated in the name of God; and let re-ligious teaching be left to the home, the church, and the denominational school, free from the compulsion of the civil arm, to be impressed upon the mind by the divine power of that Spirit which alone is able to reveal the things of God, and to guide the human understanding into all truth. . WORDS ARE NOTHING. [New York Herald, May 14, 1896.] THE Christian Endeavorers are a very ad-mirable class of people, and on more than one occasion it has been a pleasure to commend their work. They ought not however, to waste valuable energy in the attempt to accomplish the impossible or the unneces-sary. There is so much which must be done that it is poor policy to try to do what would be of no special value if it were done. They have set themselves to the task of having the name of Deity inserted in the Constitution, and of late have sought the aid of certain Methodist and other conven-tions for the purpose of emphasizing their claim. But the introduction of the name of Deity in a public document is not of any practical mo-ment. Putting the word " God " everywhere does not put the Spirit of God anywhere. Mere words count for nothing when things rather than words are what we want. If by a popular vote you were to insert the Apostles' Creed into the Constitution it wouldn't make us all Christians. The Constitution is a document containing a good deal of wisdom, and the men who framed it put into it all they thought neces-sary to political orthodoxy. They were God-fearing and worshiping men, whose faith  and faithfulness compare favorably with our own. They at least did not need the word " God" in print in order to keep them in the path of virtue, public or private. Do we ? It is better to have the thing without the word than the word without the thing. The Endeavorers should bend their energy to get what the word stands for rather than insist on the word itself. -46-Ł  TRYING TO EVADE THE FACTS. [Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, May 14.] THE Christian Statesman is anxious to evade the facts which were brought out at the late " hearing" on the " Constitutional Amend-ment" at Washington, D. C. We do not wonder at this anxiety, for the application which various members of the Judiciary Com-mittee made not only sustained the claims of the Evangel and Sabbath Outlook as to the Bible Sabbath, but they showed the self-de-structive nature of the amendment scheme. The Statesman takes the usual way of trying to escape from its own defeat by finding fault with some one else. It pays its compliments to us as follows:Š The Evangel and Sabbath Outlook is responsible for the following misrepresentation which has been copied into other journals:Š "In the cross questioning, which was put upon the speakers who closed the debate for the affirmative, various members of the committee, able lawyers, brought out the weak points in overwhelming con-fusion. This part of the hearing developed the fact that the Sabbath question is a prominent feature of this movement. The logic of the situation was set forth by a member of the committee, when, by ques-tioning, he showed that under the amendment, if a case of ' Sabbath-breaking ' were carried to the Supreme Court, the advocates of the amendment would be compelled to abandon Sunday and keep the Sabbath. He showed that no interpretation' could permit any other decision under the text of the Bible. That episode alone was worth a volume of arguments in favor of the Sabbath." The Statesman's attempt to evade the facts in the case runs as follows:Š The question asked by the member of the com-mittee was in reference to the interpretation by the Supreme Court, in case the members of the court be-lieved the seventh-day Sabbath to be the Sabbath of the Bible. He did not show "that no 'interpretation' could permit any other decision under the text of the Bible." With the simple acknowledgment of the Bible in the Constitution our Supreme Court as it has always been made up, would interpret the Bible as Christians with so great unanimity have always inter-preted it in our country as teaching the observance of the first-day sabbath. But if by any possibility the majority of the judges of the Supreme Court should ever be Seventh day Baptists, or Adventists or Jews, and should interpret the Bible as enjoining the ob-servance of the seventh-day Sabbath, then the nation which believed in the first-day sabbath would have to speak more definitely and in its own sovereign legislation lay down the constitutional basis so clearly that the Supreme Court could not override the explicit expression of its will in this matter of Sabbath law. Since the Statesman wrote the above the official report of the hearing is at hand, as noted in another column. We are content to place before our readers those points in the hearing on which our "misrepresentation"(?) was based since the case is shown to be far more telling against the Statesman than our conservative report made it. It is rather un-fortunate for the Statesman that the Com-mittee concluded to publish this report. It will also be seen by the following that the friends of the amendment introduced the Sabbath question at the hearing. We quote as follows:Š (Dr. McAllister is defending the Amend-ment.) THE CHAIRMANŠI want to know whether you intend 