774 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. lagr Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) Some Pertinent Questions. IN view of the expressed purpose of the United States Government, to support the Catholic Church in Cuba, by a "temporary loan" from the public treasury, it is in order for American citizens to ask the following ques-tions:- 1. Have the Cubans themselves expressed any desire for the support of the Catholic Church? or is this to be done only in deference to the wish of Catholic prelates in the United States? 2. What evidence is there that the Catholic Church in Cuba is not rich enough to support herself? 3. If ethe Catholic Church in Cuba cannot support herself, does not the burden of her maintenance properly fall upon the Catholic Church outside of Cuba? 4. If the Government ought to support the Catholic Church in Cuba, because she is poor, ought it not to sup-port poor Catholic churches in the United States? 5. Why should the Government support only the Catholic Church in Cuba, and not the Methodist, the Baptist, Episcopal, and all other churches in the same land? 6. To what benefits can the Government point as certain to result from its support of the Catholic Church? 7. Since no government maintains any other than the established church, is not the Roman Catholic Church virtually made by this support the established church of the United States? 8. If "this is a Christian nation," is it not a Catho-lic Christian nation when it supports the Catholic Church and no other? 9. By what clause of the Constitution is the Gov-ernment authorized to give or loan money to the Catho-lic Church? 10. Has the Government any right to tax the peo-ple for the maintenance of any church? 11. Is it still an approved principle of American gov-ernment that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed? 12. If the government can compel people to pay  taxes for the support of the Catholic Church in Cuba, can it not by the same authority and right compel them to perform any other religious act? These are pertinent questions. They apply to areal situation which now confronts the American peoole. The germ of despotism which is being nourished in this proposition to support the Catholic Church, will surely grow to full development if the people allow it. To nip despotism in the bud is far easier and better than to cut it down after it has become a giant tree. Ł• Ł 4 4 The Necessity of "imperialism." OF the zeal for the spread of slavery, in his day, Abraham Lincoln said:Š "I hate it because of the monstrous injustice of slav-ery itself. I hate it because it deprives our republican example of its just influence in the'world; . . . and especially because it forces so many really good men among ourselves into an open war with the very funda-mental principles of civil liberty, criticising the Declara-tion of Independence." This exactly describes the new American policy of imperialism. This also is causing many to "criticise the Declaration of Independence." Leading men and leading papers, of the country, who would naturally be thought ready to keep silent when the Declaration speaks, actu--ally criticise it, and in fact repudiate it. The statement that is now so glibly and supercili-ously made that the people of the newly-acquired terri-tory "are not fit for self government" and must therefore be held in subjection and governed by force "until they shall become qualified for self-government," plainly can-not stand a moment in the presence of the great princi-ples of the Declaration of Independence that, "all men are created equal, and are endowed by theirCreator with certain unalienable rights, among which,are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," and "governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." And simply because such views cannot stand in the pres-ence of the Declaration, the Declaration is criticised and set aside. But who is it that decides for the people bf the new island possessions, that they "are not fit for self-gov-ernment"?ŠNot themselves; for they have been fighting and struggling for years against that very claim put forth by Spain and others. Has the statement any more truth when put forth by Americans, contrary to their own Declaration and fundamental principles? What right have Americans, any more than Spaniards or Rus-sians, to decide for other people that they are not fit for self-government? Wherein is America different from Russia or Spain when she decides for these people that they are not fit for self-government, and then counts them rebels, and fights them and oppresses them, when they do not accept the decision? Plainly enough this whole thing, being in open disre- 