 394 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      in any other place? Sir, the very act of retreating will embolden the mob to follow me wherever I go. No, sir; there is no way to escape the mob but to, aban-don the path of duty, and that, God helping me, I will never do. " It has been said here that my hand is against every man, and every man's hand against me. The last part of the declaration is too painfully true. I do indeed find almost every hand lifted against me; but against whom in this place has my hand been raised? I appeal to every individualpresent. Whom of you have I injured? Whose character have I traduced? Whose family have mo-lested? Whose business have I meddled with? if any, let him rise here and testify against me. NO one an-swers. " 'And do not your resolutions say that you find nothing against my private character? And does anyone believe that if there was anything to be found it would not be found and brought forth? If in anything I have offended against the law, I am not so popular in this community that it would be difficult to convict me. You have courts and judges and juries; they find nothing against me. And now you cometogether for the purpose of driving me out, a confessedly innocent man, for no cause but that he dares to think and speak as his con-science and his God dictate. Will conduct like,this stand the scrutiny of your country? Of posterity? Above all, of the judgment day? For, remember, the Judge of that day is no respecter of persons. Pause, I beseech you, and reflect. The present excitement will soon be over; the voice of conscience will at last be heard. And in some season of honest thought, even in this world, as you re-view the scenes of this hour, you will be compelled to say, ' He was right ; he was right !' " 'But you have been exhorted to be lenient and com-passionate: and in driving me away to affix no unneces-sary disgrace upon me. Sir, I reject all such compassion. You cannot disgrace me. Scandal and falsehood and calumny have already done their worst. My shoulders have borne the burden till it sits easy upon them. You may hang me up as the mob hung up the individuals at Vicksburg; you may burn me at the stake as they did McIntosh at St. Louis; or you may tar and feather me, or throw me into the Mississippi, as you have often threatened to do ; but you cannot disgrace me. I and I alone can disgrace myself; and the deepest of all disgrace would be, at a time like this, to deny my Master by for-saking his cause. He died for me; and I were most un-worthy to bear his name should I refuse, if need be, to die for him. " 'Again, you have been told that I have a family who are dependent upon me, and this has been given as a reason why I should be driven off as quietly as possi-ble. It is true, Mr. Chairman, I am a husband and a father, and this it is that adds the bitterest ingredient to the cup of sorrow I am called to drink. I am made to feel the wisdom of the apostle's advice, 'It is better not to marry.' I know, sir, that in this contest I stake not my life only, but that of others also. I do not expect that my wife will ever recover from the shock received at the awful scenes through which she was called to pass at St. Charles. And how was it the other night on my' re-turn to my house? I found her driven to the garret through fear of the mob who were prowling around my house? And scarcely had I entered the house ere my windows *ere broken in by the brickbats of the mob, and she so alarmed that it was impossible for her to sleep or rest that night. I am hunted as a partridge upon the mountains. I am pursued as a felon through your streets, and to the guardian power of the land I look in vain for that protection against violence which even the vilest criminal may claim. " Yet, think not that I am unhappy. Think not that I regret the choice I have made. While all around me is violence and tumult, all is peace within. An approving-conscience and the rewarding smile of God is a full recom-pense for all that I forego and all that I endure. Yes, sir, I enjoy a peace which nothing can destroy. I sleep sweetly and undisturbed, except when awakened by the brickbats of the mob. " `No, sir, I am not unhappy. I have counted the cost and stand prepared freely to offer up my all in the service of God. Yes, sir, I am fully aware of all the sac-rifice I make in here pledging myself to continue this con-test to the last. Forgivethesetears. I had not intended to shed them, and they are not for myself, but others. But I am commanded to forsake father and mother and rife and children for Jesus' sake, and as his professed dis-ciple I stand prepared to do it. The time for fulfilling this pledge in my case, it seems to me, has come. Sir, I dare not flee away from Alton. Should I attempt it I should feel that the anger of the Lord with his flaming sword was pursuing me wherever I went. It is because I fear God that I am not afraid of all who oppose me in this city. No, sir; the contest has commenced here, and here it must be finished. Before God and you all, I here pledge myself to continue it if need be till death. If I fall my grave shall be made in Alton.' " That meeting of the citizens called for the purpose of muffling the voice of Liberty, and silencing its brave de-fender by banishment, having failed, unbridled license was given to the fury of the mob. In less than a week the fourth press was seized and destroyed, the building fired, and Mr. Lovejoy was laid low with five bullets piercing his body. The next day, Nov. 8, 1837, the 35th anniversary of his birth, his body was removed to his residence, and the following day was carried to its burial. "And to-day," adds the Globe Democrat, "in this same city of Alton, one of the most imposing monuments ever erected to a private citizen in any country is nearing completion, and in a few days will be dedicated with all the pomp and ceremony with which the great State of Illinois can surround it. The world has moved very rap-idly during the last half, century !" Thus do they " build," again, " the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous, and say, If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets." Matt. 23. History repeats itself; and let the Spirit now at work prevail in its efforts to stifle conscience, haling good citizens to the prison and chain-gang, because they dare to worship God according to the dictates of conscience, and it will not, require another "half century" to demonstrate that "the children of them which killed the prophets" are now living, and stand ready to fill up the measure of their fathers. We shall see. 