308 A.1'0118,1E:CAI (0.4.1NT STENrrIEINTIIF-4. Vol.. 9, No. 39. the order and government of our churches, established, we know, by God's law, and he knoweth by the laws of the country. And we conceive we may safely appeal to the ingenuity of your own judgment, whether it would be tolerated in any civil state, for a stranger to come and practise contrary to the known principles of the church estate ? As for his whipping, it was more voluntarily chosen by him than inflicted on him. His censure by the court was to have paid, as I know, thirty pounds, or else to be whipt; his fine was offered to be paid by friends for him freely; but he chose rather to be whipt; in which case, if his sufferings of stripes was any worship of God at all, surely it could be accounted no better than will wor-ship. The other, Mr. Clarke, was wiser in that point, and his offense was less, so was his fine less, and him-self, as I hear, was contented to have it paid for him, whereupon he was released. The imprisonment of either of them was no detriment. I believe they fared neither of them better at home; and I am sure Holmes had not been so well clad for years before. But be pleased to consider this point a little fur-ther: You think to compel men in matter of worship is to make them sin, according to Rom. 14:23. If the worship be lawful in itself, the magistrate compelling to come to it, compelleth him not to sin, but the sin is in his will that needs to be compelled to a Christian duty. Josiah compelled all Israel, or, which is all one, made to serve the Lord their God. 2 Chron. 34: 33. Yet his act herein was not blamed, but recorded among his virtuous actions. For a governor to suffer any within his gates to profane the Sabbath, is a sin against the fourth commandment, both in the private householder and in the magistrate ; and if he requires them to present themselves before the Lord, the mag-istrate sinneth not, nor doth the subject sin so great a sin as if he did refrain to come. But you say it cloth but make men hypocrites, to compel men to conform the outward man for fear of punishment. If it did so, yet better be hypocrites than profane persons. Hypocrites give God part of his due, the outward man; but the profane person giveth God neither outward nor inward man. And now we wish that the editor of the Alabama Baptist would not use this letter at all, or any of his own similar arguments, but that he would see the error of his way, repent and do works meet for repentance. The Catholic Church and Religious Liberty. THE Roman Catholic Church professes to be, and always to have been, the cham-pion of civil and religious liberty. But this profession is as disingenuous as is the advice of Satolli to the people of this country, to "go forward bearing in one hand the book of Christian truthŠthe BibleŠand in the other hand the Consti-tution of the United States." It has re-cently been shown in these columns, that, shorn of its verbiage, this means only, Go forward bearing in one hand the Cath-olic Bible, as interpreted by "the church," and in the other, the Constitution of the United States, likewise interpreted by "the church." It is the same when Rome talks of reli-gious liberty. Cardinal Gibbons says: " A man enjoys religious liberty when he enjoys the free right of worshiping God according to the dictates of a right con-science, and of practicing a form of reli-gion most in accordance with his duties to God. Every act infringing on his free-dom of conscience is justly styled religious intolerance. This religious liberty is the true right of every man, because it cor-responds with a most certain duty which God has put upon him."ŠFaith of Our Fathers, page 9364. It will be observed that the cardinal says: " This religious liberty is the true right of every man." What religious lib-erty ?ŠWhy, " the free right of worship-ing God according to the dictates of a right conscience," to be sure. And who is to determine what is a " right con-science " ?ŠThe Roman Catholic Church, of course, And A is "this reli'ious lib- erty" which "is the true right of every man," according to Cardinal Gibbons. That this is the real meaning of the car-dinal's words is evident from the follow-ing, on page 268 of his book previously quoted :Š The church is indeed intolerant in this sense, that she can never confound truth with error; nor can she admit that any man is conscientiously free to reject the truth when its claims are convincingly brought home to the mind. On page 85 of the same work the car-dinal says :Š The church has authority from God to teach regard-ing faith and morals; and in her teaching she is pre-served from error by the special guidance of the Holy Ghost. And again, on page 88, we read :Š Not only does our Lord empower his apostles to preach the gospel, but he commands, and under the most severe penalties, those to whom they preach to listen and obey. . . . We see on the one hand that the apostles and their successors have received full powers to announce the gospel; and on the other, that their hearers are obliged to listen with docility, and to obey not merely by an external compliance, but also by internal assent of the intellect. All this must be taken into considera-tion in weighing the cardinal's definition of religious liberty. Here are the legiti-mate and ever necessary deductions from the quotations made from his book:- 1. The Catholic Church has full authority to teach faith and morals. 2. That which she teaches must be received. 3. No man is conscientiously free to reject that which the Roman Catholic Church teaches. 4. A man enjoys religious liberty when he enjoys the free right to worship God according to the dictates of a right conscience. 5. No man who does reject the teaching of the Cath-olic Church can have a right conscience. Which is only saying that a man enjoys religious liberty when he enjoys the free right to meekly accept the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church, and does so accept them; but not otherwise. The attitude of the Roman Catholic Church toward religious liberty is further defined by the cardinal on pages 2.68 and 269, thus:Š Many Protestants seem to be very much disturbed by some such argument as this: Catholics are very ready now to proclaim freedom of conscience, because they are in the minority. When they once succeed in getting the upper hand in numbers and power, they will destroy this freedom, because their faith teaches them to tolerate no doctrine other than the Catholic. It is, then, a matter of absolute necessity for us that they should never be allowed to get thiS advantage. Now, in all this, there is a great mistake, which comes from not knowing the Catholic doctrine in its fullness. I shall not lay it down myself, lest it seem to have been gotten up for the occasion. I shall quote the great theologian Becanus. who taught the doctrine of the schools of Catholic theology at the time when the struggle was hottest between Catholicity and Prot-estantism. He says that religious liberty may be tol-erated by a ruler when it would do more harm to the State or to the community to repress it. The ruler may even enter into a compact in order to secure to his subjects this freedom in religious matters; and when once a compact is made, it must absolutely be observed in every point, just as every other lawful and honest contract. This is the true Catholic teach-ing on this point, according to Becanus and all Cath-olic theologians. So that if Catholics should gain the majority in a community where freedom of conscience is already secured to all by law, their very religion obliges them to respect the rights thus acquired by their fellow-citizens. What danger can there be, then, for Protestants, if Catholics should be in the majority here ? Their apprehensions are the result of vain fears, which no honest mind ought any longer to harbor. This is not a disavowal of the right of the Catholic Church to coerce people in matters of faith and morals, but is rather an assertion of the right. "Religious lib-erty may be tolerated by a ruler when it would do more harm to the State or to the ColTimunity to repress it," Exactly! and  who is to judge when it will do more harm to repress " religious liberty " ? Who, indeed, but " the church!" And hence it follows that the much-vaunted Roman Catholic " religious liberty " is only a lim-ited degree of religious toleration, depend-ing entirely on that policy by which the prophet declared of that power of which the papacy is the legitimate successor: "Through his policy also be shall cause craft to prosper in his hand." Surely Rome is well called " the mystery of in-iquity." Religious Appropriations. [Speech of Hon. William S Linton, of Michigan, in the House of Representatives, Thursday, June 7, 1894. The House being in committee of the whole on the state of the Union, and having under consideration the bill (H. R. 6913) making appropriations for cur-rent and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart:  ment, and fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1895, and for other purposes, Mr. Linton said :Š] MR. CHAIRMAN: It is high time to call a halt in the expenditure of the nation's money either directly or indirectly toward any sectarian school, or to enrich the cof-fers of any religious society at the expense of many others, and we should here and now, by striking out portions of the pend-ing bill and placing safeguards around the remainder, discontinue such perilous and unconstitutional appropriations. Our public school system, "the bulwark of this country," non-sectarian and non-partisan, and the embodiment of the best educational thought of this enlighten( d century, should be the boon of the nation's wards that compose the remnant of the unfortunate Indian race, and they should not be forced hereafter to attend, as they have been for centuries, without material advancement, that class of schools where Indians always remain Indians, and which to-day keeps the great bulk of the popula-tion in poverty-stricken Italy (where it is said 63 per cent, of the people cannot even read and write), Mexico, and similar coun-tries from rising up out of the slough of ignorance and superstition in which they are engulfed. I do not intend, sir, to attack any reli- gious denomination as such, but the sub-joined table showing one church alone to have received during the past eight years $2,366,416, while all others combined, fif-teen in number, received during the same period only about one-half that amount, proves conclusively that it pays to main-tain here, on a prominent street, at the nation's capital, a bureau of Indian mis-sions that has all the appearance of a huge lobby for advancing their interests. As stated by a senator from New Eng-land, they have been on the ground here for years pushing Catholic schools upon the Government as earnestly, as was in their power, and largely to that influence is attributed their great increase, which has come to be for their church three-fifths of all the appropriations; and if this bill passes the proportion will be much larger. They are active still, foisting upon the people of this country schools that do not belong to the civilization of to-day. For more than a century the Mission Indians have been under Jesuit control, education, and influence, and to-day are as incapable of self-support as citizens of our country, as babes. They are reliant more than ever upon those from whom they receive their instructions. They go in temporal IlAtter8 as they do in their 