MAY 10, 1894. A,MV-RICAN 141 piety that one feels a doubt as to the efficacy of such a plan. Donald Nicholl, chairman of directors of the City of Glasgow bank, absolutely refused, on-principle, 'to read Monday's paper, because its publication had entailed a certain amount of Sunday labor; yet he was proved to have knowingly connived at a system of swindling which reduced thousands from affluence to beggary, and caused a shock through Scotland that those who were there at the time will not readily for-get. And of course the list might be easily prolonged. From the above it is seen that the dis-cussion of the Sunday question here is bringing out some of the fine points con-nected with it, and much to the detriment of those who are so piously jealous of the way the unbelieving world spend Sunday. This topic promises soon to be a very in-teresting one, and we hope its discussion will result in opening the eyes of many to the truth of the matter. Indeed it is al-ready doing that. Not long since a depu-tation of ministers waited on the premier of New South Wales, asking for more stringent Sunday laws. He asked if they based their requests on the demand of the fourth commandment. They said that was the very basis of their action. " Well, then," said he, " Sunday is ruled out of the case: for that commandment enjoins the keeping of the seventh day, and that is Saturday." The deputation were obliged to retire rather crestfallen. But these people care little for rebuffs. They will soon stir up the thing again, when we expect to see considerable public agitation about.it. Let it come, the sooner the bet-ter; for then the conflict will the sooner be over, and the work done which is to bring our blessed Lord.ŠJ. 0. Corliss, in Review and Herald. Protection and Coercion. IN the United States Senate a bill has been introduced entitled, " A bill to pro-tect the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, as a day of rest and wor-ship," etc. "Protection" to-day is a much more taking expression than coercion of men, yet both mean the same thing. The only way in which a day can be " protected " as a day of rest and worship, is by pro-hibiting everybody from laboring, and by compelling all to attend worship on that day. For example, here is a field that is to be protected from trespassers. Now it is no protection to the field, if none are prohibited from crossing it save those whose inclination does not lead them that way, and if those who wish to cross it, or to play upon it, are allowed full liberty to do so. So a day cannot be " protected " from being used for labor or recreation, except by forcibly compelling some to pay regard to it against their will. " Well, is there not of necessity the ele-ment of compulsion, or forcible restraint, in every law ?" Certainly, and that is all right when the law is just; but we are not discussing the quality of law, but the pro-priety of a. certain specific act of legisla-tion. If it were within the province of civil government to legislate concerning Sunday or any other day, as a day of rest, then nothing could be said ; but no law is a just law if by any reasonable application of it, it can possibly work injustice to anybody; and a law which declares men to be criminals for doing on one day that which is lawful in itself, and which the law allows on any other day, is unjust and inconsistent. It will be asked, " Do you then deny the right of government to ap-point certain days as holidays ?" By no means; but be it remembered that laws concerning holidays are merely permis- sive, and not mandatory. That is a law making a certain day a national holiday, gives people permission to rest, and find recreation, without danger of losing their situations, but does not compel any to cease from labor. On any holiday people who do not wish to rest are at liberty to work; but no Sunday law contemplates anything of that kind. The wise man has said that " Whatso-ever God doeth, it shall be for ever." Now in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth, and rested on the seventh day, which day he blessed and sanctified. So we read, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." Just as surely as God commanded that the seventh day of the week should be kept holy, so surely he commanded that the other six days should be regarded as working days. Not that people are obliged to work every hour, but that the first six days are days in which people may work without sin. What God has permitted no man has a right to forbid. " The Sabbath was made for man." Man was made first; the Sabbath was made for his aid and protection. The Psalmist, speaking to the righteous in the time of trouble, says, " His truth shall be thy shield and buckler." Ps. 91:4. The Sabbath is the protector; not the thing to be protected. The Sabbath needs no laws for its protection. When a day which men call the Sabbath, is "protected," and men are coerced, then the day is put above the man. The Sabbath was made for man; but Sunday laws regard man as made for the Sunday. Such laws show a total lack of comprehension of what the Sabbath is, not simply as to the day of, the Sabbath, but as to the principle of Sabbath observance. No man can injure the Sab-bath of the Lord, sacred as it is, by work-ing on it. The injury is to himselfŠto his own soul. The Sabbath is just as sa-cred, just as valid, as though it had not been trampled upon by millions of people. It does not need protection. It is not like a glass vase, but is the very principle of life. If professed Sabbath-keepers should ask for, or be able to secure, laws against Sabbath-breaking, they would show that they knew nothing of the true, life-giving character of God's holy day; and when men ask for laws to " protect " Sunday as a rest day, they show that it has not in itself any of the characteristics of the true Sabbath of the Lord. The bill in question makes an exception in favor of "works of necessity and mercy, and work by those who religiously'observe Saturday, if performed in such a way as not to involve and disturb others." It is strange that men think such provisions in a Sunday law to be evidences of liberality and breadth of mind. Oa the contrary, they are the very things which emphasize the' wickedness and inquisitorial nature of the law. How can that be ? Look at the matter for a moment. In the first place, the law provides for an inquisition con-cerning one of the Christian graces,Šone of the fruits of the Spirit, mercy which distils as the gentle rain from heaven. Here is a man who is arrested for doing work on Sunday. He claims that it was an act of mercy; his accuser contends that it was not. It is the motive of the heart,  rather than the act itself, that determines whether or not it was a merciful act. And so the court, in order to a perfect execu- tion of the law, must take the place of God, to judge the thoughts and intents of the heart. You say, " They can't do that." Of course not; and that shows the wickedness and folly of a law which makes the attempt necessary. Again, another man is acquitted, al-though he has also worked on Sunday, because it is decided that his work was a work of mercy. Yet the man may have been actuated by the basest and most sel-fish motives. How many professedly char-itable deeds are performed by schemers, who are working only for gain to them-selves. The apostle tells of some who suppose that gain is godliness; and it is very easy for a man to be deceived in that way. But a Sunday law usually provides that fallible men shall be judges of secret thoughts. Those are exempted who " religiously observe Saturday." But who is to tell whether a man has observed the Sabbath religiously, or whether he has abstained from labor on that day because his sur-roundings are such that he can work to better advantage on Sunday ? So we see that in order to carry out even the most " liberal" provision of the law, a man's religious character must be the subject of judicial investigation.. Let it therefore be understood that any Sunday law, consist-ently carried out, involves the revival of the Inquisition. Why cannot Protestants who decry Church establishment see that civil laws enjoining religious duties are the perfection of Church and State union ? ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. Priest and Publisher. S. D. PHELAN is not only a priest, but the proprietor of the Western Watchman. As a priest he is a paragon of servility to the popish propaganda. As an editor he is an American man, an unawed advocate of freedom of the press. He will take his religion from Rome, but no ban from bishop or pope on his republican right of utterance. He recently promulgated the pernicious heresy that priests and ecclesi-astics are subject to the States, to the civil statutes, the same as any one else. He maintained that the allegiance of Ameri-can Catholics to our Government was paramount to their religious loyalty to the ghostly potentate at Rome. For this presumption Archbishop Kain ordered a condemnation of the Western Watchman. It was pronounced a paper unfit to circu-late among Catholics. It was interdicted, like heretical publications in the Middle Ages. Its ecclesiastical condemnation was ordered to be read in every Catholic Church in the diocese. Rev. Phelan, still faithful as a priest, read the condemnation of his own paper to his own congregation. But the next day he entered his editorial empire and expressed himself thus :Š I own this paper. Now let me say to Archbishop Rain: No man owns me. He comes from an ex-slave State, and he knows what that means. No man owns me. I will go further and say, no man owns my pen. . Neither Archbishop Kain, nor all the bishops that assembled in Baltimore, have any authority to control the columns of the Watchman. . . . As long as I am editor I shall control this paper, and while expressing honest opinions in a respectful way, I shall never apologize for' them at the point of a threat or the thrust of a censure. If the future is to be stormy for me, may it be bright for my fellow-priests, who will benefit by my suffering. But for all this bravado the Rev. Mr. Phelan, in the columns of his paper April 15, publishes the following public apology and retraction :Š I, Rev. D. S. Phelan, editor of the Western Watch- 