232 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE right of "non-union" laborers to obtain and hold employment without opposition from the labor unions, was the subject of a recent decision by Justice Jenks, of the Supreme Court of Kings County, N. Y., which is worthy of note. * * * Jacob Pfang, a non-union stone worker, applied for an injunction restraining the Machine Stoneworkers' Union from interfering with him by ordering strikes against his employment. Mr. Pfang said in his appli-cation that he has been driven out of employment a number of times by the Stoneworkers' Union in this way. * Justice Jenks denied the application, and based his decision on a precedent furnished by the English House of Lords in the case of Allan vs. Flood, which was ren-dered on Feb. 19, 1898. In this case the complainant said that he was driven out of employment by others refusing to work with him. Lord Watson, in announc-ing the decision, is quoted as saying: "It is in my opin-ion the absolute right of every working man to exercise his own opinion with regard to the persons in whose society he will agree or continue to work. They [the workingmen] were not under any continuing agreement with their employers, and if they had left their work and gone out on a strike, they would have been acting on their right whatever might have been thought of the propriety of their proceedings." * * * The logic of the decision is undoubtedly good, but it makes plain the fact that civil government is unable to preserve under existing conditions one of the una-lienable rights of every manŠthe right to work in any honest employment unmolested by his fellowmen. This arbitrary dictum of the trade unions is held by them to be a necessity; but it is tyranny none the less. * * WHILE prayers for the success of the British arms in South Africa are encouraged among English Catholics by Cardinal Vaughan, prayers for the success of the Boers are, it is said, permitted by Cardinal Logue of Ireland in those districts where anti-British feeling is especially strong. This state of things is rather per- plexing to those people who have said so much about the unity which prevails in the Catholic Church. * * * THE terrible ravages of the opium trade in China is indicated by the number of suicides. In Yunnan pro-vince there are on an average of 1,000 attempted opium suicides per month. The average for the whole of China is not less than 600,000 per year. Dr. William Park says there are over 800,000, and that the number of deaths from opium poisoning is not less than 200,000 a year.ŠRam's Horn. And opium was forced upon China by one of the foremost of the world's "Christian" nations. * A. "LIBERAL congress of religion," in furtherance of the movement inaugurated by these congresses some years ago, will be convened in Boston April 24, contin-uing to the 29th. Its purpose as announced "is to unite in fraternal conference men and women of what-ever name, who believe in the application of religious principles and spiritual forces to the present problems of life." * THE idea that God, if not actually an ally of the British cause in South Africa, is at least favorable to the fighting that is being done by the soldiers in the field, finds expression in a recent act of the British com-mander-in-chief, Lord Roberts. He has lately ordered copies of a new prayer, written by the Archbishop of Armagh, Anglican Primate of all Ireland, to be distrib-uted to the soldiers 'of his army in South Africa, express-ing the earnest hope "that it may be helpful to all of Her Majesty's soldiers." It puts into the mouths of the soldiers petitions such as the following:Š "Fill me with Thy Holy Spirit that I may lead a new life. Spare me to see again those whom I love at home, or fit me for Thy presence in peace. "Strengthen us to quit ourselves like men in our right and great cause. Keep us faithful > unto death, calm in danger, patient in suffering, merciful as well as brave, true to our Queen, our country, and our colors..  "If it be Thy will, enable us to win victory for Eng-land; but above all, grant us the better victory over temptation and sin, over life and death, that we may be more than conquerors through Him who loved us, and laid down His life for us, Jesus our Saviour, the Captain of the army of God. Amen." * In seems never to occur to any of the parties con-cerned that an answer to the prayer for the Holy Spirit— for the new life through conversion, and for victory over temptation and sin, were it realized throughout the army, might send the entire command back to Eng-land in revolt, resolved never again to kill their fellow-men for the sake of empire, or to fight again in any cause with carnal weapons. 