"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 29, 1894. NUMBER 47.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, EDITORS. A. F. BALLENGER, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. The "Modern Inquisition." NOT a week passes but brings new evi-dence that the National Reform Associa-tion, the American Sabbath Union, and its auxiliary State organizations, such as the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc., are modeled after the papacy of the 16th century, both in spirit and methods. At a meeting held at Williamsport, Pa., October 30th and 31st, under the auspices of the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, to celebrate the one hundredth anniver-sary of the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, the secretary of the association dis-tributed a circular, headed, " Suggestions to Sabbath Defense Committees." These " Sabbath Defense Committees " are the "law and order league" arms of the Sabbath Association octopus. And now, to show how closely these "Sabbath Defense Committees" or law and order leagues are constructed on the model of the papal Inquisition, we print, first, a cardinal-indorsed description of the origin, object and methods of that terrible tribunal. The quotation is from a Roman Catholic work, entitled, " Half Hours With the Servants of God, With a Complete History of the Catholic Church," " Approved by His Eminence Cardinal Gibbons, and Their Eminences Cardinals Manning and Newman, the Most Reverend the Archbishops of New York, Philadel-phia, Edinburgh, and Glasgow, and Many Bishops," and published by Murphy & McCarthy, New York. On pages 58, 59, and 60, of this work, is found the follow-ing description of THE INQUISITION: For many ages after the conversion of Constantine it was easier for the church to repress heresy by in-voking the secular arms than by organizing tribunals of her own for the purpose. Reference to ecclesias-tical history and the codes of Justinian and Theodosius shows that the emperors generally held as decided views on the pestilent nature of heresy, and the neces-sity of extirpating it in the germ before it reached its  hideous maturity, as the popes themselves. They were willing to repress it; they took from the church the definition of what it was; and they had old estab-lished tribunals armed with all the terrors of the law. The bishops, as a rule, had but to notify the appear-ance of heretics to the lay power, and the latter has-tened to make inquiry, and, if necessary, to repress and punish. But in the thirteenth century a new race of temporal rulers arose to power. The Emperor Frederic II. perhaps had no Christian faith at all; John of England meditated, sooner than yield to the pope, openly to apostatize to Islam; and Philip Au-gustus was refractory towards the church in various [Reproduced from Pennsylvania Grit.] ways. The church was as clear as ever upon the ne-cessity of repressing heretics, but the weaponŠsecular sovereigntyŠwhich she had hitherto employed for the purpose, seemed to be breaking in her hands. The time was come when she was to forge a weapon of her own; to establish a tribunal the incorruptness and fidelity of which she could trust; which, in the task of detecting and punishing those who misled their brethren, should employ all the minor forms of penal repression, while still remitting to the secular arm the cases of obstinate and incorrigible offenders. Thus arose the Inquisition. . The duties and powers of inquisitors are minutely laid down in the canon law, it being always assumed that the civil power will favor, or can be compelled to favor, their proceedings Thus it is laid down, that they "have power to constrain all magistrates, even secular magistrates, to cause the statutes against here-tics to be observed," and to require them to swear to do so; also that they can "compel all magistrates and judges to execute their sentences, and these must obey on pain of excommunication ; " also that inquisitors in causes of heresy "can use the secular arm," and that " all temporal rulers are bound to obey inquisi-tors in causes of faith." No such state of things as that here assumed now exists in any part of Europe; nowhere does the State assist the church in putting down heresy ; it is therefore super-fluous to describe regulations con-trolling jurisdiction which has lost the medium in which it could work and live And, now, with this au-thentic description of the Inquisition of mediaeval days before the reader, we submit an authentic de-scription of an organization made in the image of the original,Šthe "MODERN INQUISITION: 33  Suggestions to Sabbath Defense Committees, Civil government is a divine in-stitution. Rom. 13: 1-7. Therefore- 1st. Realize that your duties are a department of that work to which your Lord and Master has called you. 2nd. Undertake the work in His name and in the spirit of His gos-pel. 3rd. When an offense against the law is known to you, in the spirit of Matthew 18.15-20,' send one of your members, wisely selected, to talk with him (or her); whose duty it shall be to show the offender wherein he is violating the law and try to persuade him to desist, giving him reasonable time to consider the matter, if necessary. If reformation does not 1  The scripture here referred to is both in letter and spirit a positive condemnation of the whole movement in whose inter-est it is cited. Note it. "And if thy brother sin against thee, go, skew him his fault between thee and him alone: if he hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother. But if he hear thee not, take with thee one or two more, that at the mouth of two wit-nesses or three every word may be established. And if he re-fuse to hear them, tell it unto the church: and if he refuse to hear the church also, let him be unto thee as the Gentile and the publican." Matt. 18:15-17. (R. V.) The church is here forbidden to follow an offending member beyond the jurisdiction of church fellowship. When he refuses' to listen to the admonitions of the church, the church is posi-' tively commanded to let him alone. But these modern Muni-.  sitors, like their medieval brethren, have interpreted this scripture to mean that if he will not hear the church, he is to be run down by heresy hunters, brought before the civil courts, fined, imprisoned, and despoiled of his goods, / ill/ Ł \ fp, reaUflifrif.Vpi. "tit d9 Mt; 3fi ifelleackl.A c.17)assed; '.44 A 5 ale, t,0 ,r)PerjecaŁons lore)  jwryo reec4cd t?5,t, bonne.' bo,a.Aktiotol;`,:g:s,;,;Ł- Ł syo 125 1 ,51.1.1 "" letoarii9c.e." 