52 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. for evil and for oppression, the oppression will not be relieved a particle, nor can Mr. Buchanan relieve himself of the re-sponsibility, by any such plea aS that he voted for it for another purpose. It is a thing that pleases .the leaders in this cause, as much as anything else ban, that such men as Mr. Buchanan, and anybody else who can be induced to support it, will work for it and vote for it, fer other reasons and for another object than those for which the promoters of it intend to use it. This only makes so Much the more certain the passage of the bill. The enactment of the law which puts power into their hands is what they want, and whatever will help to accomplish that is pleasing to them, it matters not what the reason is for which it is done. If Mr. Buchanan really remembers the oppres-sion of the Baptists in Colonial days, he can easily remember that this oppression was visited on them for the same reason precisely that he proposes to vote for Sun-day lawsŠ" for humanity's sake " The next speaker was Rev. J. H Elliott, D. D. of Washington City. He spoke on " Civil Sunday Laws " from the text, " Sundays Excepted," as. it stands in the Constitution of the United State& He argued for the constitutionality, of na-tional Sunday laws, from the precedents of the State Constitutions, statutes and decisions; but betrayed the nature of such laws by saying that the ConStitution of Massachusetts omitted the phrase "Sun-days excepted," but atoned for the omis-sion by requiring that the governor shall be a Christian: and further by arguing that when Congress adopted the laws of Maryland, as the laws of the Ł DiStrict of Columbia, it adopted the Sunday laws of Maryland. (Yes it did, and see what else was adopted in company with 'Sunday laws, which fully shows the certain re-ligious nature of, Sunday laws.) He closed his speech on civil' Sunday laws byl the fol-lowing peroration, " When our ships furl their sails in the harbors of the islands of the sea; we want the Sabbath stillness to tell of the day of rest and of the Nation's God." The next speaker was Rev. George Elliot, author of " The Abiding Sabbath," and pastor of the church where te con-vention was held. The importajit part of his speech was his denunciation of the chief Opponents of Sunday laws as " a little sect of narrow-minded bigo s, who have joined hands with atheists, ocular-ests, and foul-mouthed socialists, t strike down the institution which we are asking the people to preserve, by the vilest meth-ods of Jesuitism and falsehood, by bare-faced misrepresentation and by the irdeepest intrigue." ThiS he explained was "only pro-phetic fury," and regretted that the time would not allow of his pouring out much more of the same kind, of which he was evidently brim full. With this gentle display of " prophetic fury " the first meeting adjourned. The meeting Thursday forenoon was opened by Chaplain Butler, of the United States Senate, with the reading of Ps. 97, and Matt. 12:1-12; and with prayer in which he asked the Lord to " Bless all this work that we may have the God-ap-pointed day, and that the Sabbath may be kept holy. May the President and Cabinet, and both houses of Congress be of one heart with us in bringing about the observance of the day." And so the work in behalf of the civil Sabbath was taken up again. The subject for discussion at this meet-ing was " The Best Methods of Sabbath Reform Work." It was opened by Mrs. Catlin, of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, who spoke very briefly. The next was by Mr. L. C. Inglis, of the Maryland Sunday Association. His also was a religious speech and argument throughout. He said that " to distin-guish between the commandment of God and the welfare of man was only to make a distinction without a difference." He said, that first, the work must begin with the Church and that "the gospel is the panacea for all these ills ;" and second, must have also the aid of "the restraining power of law, and even this is to be viewed as educative." He closed with the read-ing of Isaiah 58: 13, 14. The next speech was by Mr. Crafts, who began by saying that they were, " trying to meet the Seventh-day Ad-ventists by two methods," the first of which is " a syndicate of contributors," through what is known among printers as the patent inside. This is matter writ-ten, set up and stereotyped, and then sent out to the newspapers that print that kind of matter. That is a most excellent place to put the productions of the American Sunday Law Union, because hardly one person in a dozen who understands that process ever reads a patent inside. The other " method " is by the publication of quarterly documents by the Union itself. The question was then asked him, " Is it proposed in the minds of those who favor this law, to stop at once all street cars ? And is it to run out into and cover all those things which are now done under what is known as secular work. And how is it to be enforced? " The answer was that " the enforcement of the law will be for the commissioners and police. And if they fail to enforce it then citizens will form law and order leagues. Street cars, etc., will fall under the phrase sec-ular or else mercy and necessity; " but the running of street cars is not necessary " because they take more people away from church than they bring to it." The next thing in order was the election of seven additional members of the District Committee and the officers of the District Union. The seven additional members were elected by two, and the officers by three, unanimous votes, and that is all the votes that were given. The afternoon meeting was begun with a speech by Mr. Crafts on "The Two War Measures Š Sunday mails and. Sunday trains." This was followed by an address Šthe only real fair-minded, consistent ad-dress of the whole conventionŠby Rev. T. S. Hamlin, D.D., of Washington City. He said, "The law ought not to control the resting of one seventh part of time. But to have an unbroken Sabbath if we want it, and how we shall use it when we have it, these are matters for individual de-cision. The chief danger to the observance of the Lord's day is not from the breaking Of law, nor from the lack of law, but from the social customs of society. There is growing up a social movement that chooses to spend the morning at worship, and that much in a perfunctory way; and then spend the afternoon in social pleasure. Dinners are given, receptions are held. This cannot be reached by law. It is a matter of individual concern. The law cannot say that I shall not give a dinner or accept an invitation. I do not agree with the constitution of the Sabbath Union. In the freedom of Christianity we are left each one to use the day for his own good. There is nothing said as to whether we shall go to church, or read the Bible, or what we shall do." "In this District, without law; there is a remarkable observ-ance of the day of rest. People who have traveled much tell me that Washington is phenomenal in its observance of the Lord's day." The next speech was by Rev. James Stacey, D.D., of Newman, Georgia. This speech was wholly religious. He said, "These are two war measures indeed ! War-ing against the Church. The Sunday train and the Sunday newspaper are the worst instruments of the powers of darkness." He likened these to "The kangaroo leap-ing from his lair, and without any signs of satiety sucks its [the Sunday's] life-blood." This was exceedingly apt, espe-cially as the kangaroo is a ruminantŠeats herbage and chews the cud ! He declared that "the commandment was not primarily to rest, but to worship. And as the Con-stitution guarantees the right to worship, we demand that it also guarantee the time. For what use is the right to worship with-out the time ?" ,The next speech was by Rev. Sylvanus Stall, of Baltimore. His, also, was wholly religious. He declared that "God on Sinai said `Remember the.  Sabbath day to keep it holy,' and there is no necessity now that there was not then. From Saturday night at 12 to Sunday night at 12, let the day be so observed." "If corporations have nei-ther souls nor characters, individuals have both; and if corporations cannot appear at the throne of God, the men who hold the stock must." "Back of this question lies the voice of the Almighty. It cannot be decided by argument.' God has not left this question to human reason. God has declared 'Remember the Sabbath day to 