THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 309 relation of the commandment to the first day, a day not named in any commandment, and inferentially re-ferred to only as one of the "six days" upon which the Creator worked. Continuing the discussion of golf, the Inter Ocean says : "The recreation is as innocent of guile as any game could possibly be. It is healthful from both a physical and a moral viewpoint." Thus far all is clear sailing. Certainly, Sunday golf is perfectly groper for the respectable residents of Chi-cago's most eminently respectable suburbs, "but," as the "Inter Ocean" says, "precisely the same is true of Sunday fishing, Sunday hunting, Sunday base ball, Sundaes bicycling, and Sunday horse racing." It is indeed true that "those who find pleasure in Sunday sports of any kind or all kinds are unable to see where there is any harm in them." And it is equally true that all of these sports are just as innocent upon Sunday as on other days, unless it can be shown that they are not in keeping with the character of the day; hence, examine this question from any possible standpoint and one is brought face to face with the question of the divine authority of Sunday as a sacred day. If the divine Sabbath law applies to Sunday, then clearly not only Sunday golf but all Sunday games are wrong, and ought not to be indulged in by Christians. But the "if" is so large that only those who refuse to consider it candidly can get around it, under it or over it. In their efforts to explain away the claims of the seventh day, the friends of Sunday have destroyed in the minds of the people the force of the only divine Sabbath law, hence in the absence of civil law on the subject, and even in the face of civil statutes, even church members are quite disposed to do about as they please on Sunday. B. Some of the Inconsistencies of Sunday Laws. Some weeks ago Representative Charles R. Saun-ders of Boston introduced a bill in the Massachusetts legislature the purpose of which was to so amend the Sunday law of that State as to permit the sale of cigars and other forms of manufactured tobacco on Sunday. To a reporter of the Boston Post, who interviewed him upon the subject, Mr. Saunders said: "It is hard to believe we are at the threshold of the twentieth century when,a woman, trying to earn an honest livelihood, can be arrested in Massachusetts, fined and ordered to be imprisoned, unless the fine is paid, for selling a cigar on Sunday. Yet this is just what happened last August to Catherine Graham of Revere. "She was licensed by the town to keep open her  dining room on Sunday to supply people with food and drink. This she did, and to some of them she also sold a cigar. She was arrested and fined $1o, and the Supreme Court a fortnight ago decided that the con-viction must stand under the Massachusetts law. "Drugs and medicines can be sold on Sunday, but the Supreme Court decided in 1889 that cigars were not drugs or medicine. The sale of cigars, however, on Sunday has continued at hotels, druggists, common victuallers and newspaper stores with little or no ob-jection. "Two Sundays have passed since the decision of the court called the matter to the attention of the au-thorities. Notice was given that all sales of cigars on Sunday were illegal, but there is no evidence that the sale was diminished to an appreciable extent. "Where any regard whatever was paid to the no-tice, some simple device was used to evade the law. If a 5-cent cigar was wanted, a 'Sunday Post was sold for 8 cents, and a cigar thrown in. One who must have a to-cent cigar paid 13 cents for his Post. "A plate of beans and cup of coffee, usual price 15 cents, sold for 20 or 25 cents, with a 5 or 10-cent cigar as a gift. To have an entire community making a laughing stock of a law of the commonwealth and chuckling at its evasion is an injury to public morals. It tends to breed disrespect for all law. . "Moreover, what real reason is there for prohibiting the sale of cigars on Sunday? Horses and carriages which rattle through the streets, disturbing people more or less; can be let on Sunday purely for pleasure, and so can yachts and boats. Street railway cars, ferry boats, steamboats and railroad trains are all legalized on Sunday. "I do not use tobacco myself, but its sale on Sunday should be legalized for the comfort of those who do and to stop universal desecration of the law. It will make no change in the practice of years. It will simply make legal what is bound to be done any way, and do away with a deal of hypocrisy. "Instead of Sunday being a day of cheer and sun-shine, the policy at the founding of the colony was one of repression and severity. In those days there was a. union of church and state. No one could vote who was not a church member. When in doubt upon a question the civil magistrates consulted the elders, who were clergymen. The result was the usual evils which throughout history accompany such a union." Mr. Saunders' position against the Sunday prohibi-tion of tobacco selling was well taken. Of course to-bacco is not a necessary of life and is even injurious, but it is just as necessary as Sunday papers; and it is no more injurious on Sunday than on other days. To prohibit it one day in the week is thoroughly illogical, but no more so than is all restrictive Sunday legislaŠ 