178MITH:11_1=L1 VoL. 8, No. 23. a Christian Nation, and reading almost like a chapter from a National Reform manual. *This decision ignored the spirit and intent of the First Amendment to the Con-stitution, and directly contradicted that part of the " fundamental law of the land " (Art. VI of Constitution) expressed in the treaty with Tripoli in 1797, which declares that :Š The Government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion. Š American State Papers, page 54. In this act the United States Supreme Court assumed the prerogative which belonged only to the people, and virtually made law, supreme law, instead of inter-preting law in harmony with the supreme law of the land, which by oath they were sworn to do. WHAT NATIONAL REFORMERS THINK or IT. In the Christian Statesman of June 25, 1892, one of the secretaries of the Na-tional Reform Association said :Š Is not this the time to remember that the United States Supreme Court has officially declared [in a document that reads as if largely gathered from the National Reform Manual] that this is a Chris-tian Nation ? The Pearl of Days, the official organ of the American Sabbath Union, May 7, 1892, says that this decisionŠ Establishes clearly the fact that our Government is Christian. This decision is vital to the Sunday question in all its aspects, and places that question among the most important issues now before the American people. . . . And this important de-cision rests upon the fundamental principle that religion is imbedded in the organic structure of the American GovernmentŠa religion that recognizes, and is bound to maintain, Sunday as a day for rest and worship. In its issue of May 21, 1892, the Chris-tian Statesman said :Š " Christianity is the law of the land." " This is a Christian Nation."Š United States Supreme Court, Feb. 29, 1892. The Christian Church, therefore, has rights in this country. Among those is the right' to one day in seven protected from the assaults of greed, the god of this world, that it may be devoted to worship of the God of heaven and earth. This shows that these NationAl Reform-ers and " Christian " politicians recognize in this decision a foundation for all they have ever asked in the way of religious legislation; and that all they have desired would be fulfilled in the "development" of that which was here brought into existence and established. They at once seized upon this, and the development began immediately to take place. Prior to this time several Sunday bills had been before Congress but not one had become a law. Now, however, a new energy was manifested. All doubt of the constitutionality of such legislation seemed to be removed, and a demand was made upon Congress for some legislation closing the gates of the Columbian Expo-sition on Sunday. May 45, in the House of Representa-tives, Mr. Johnstone, of South Carolina, precipitated the discussion of the Sunday-closing question, by offering an amend-ment to th clause of the sundry civil bill, then under consideration, appropri-ating funds for the Government exhibit, as follows Provided, That no part of the amount hereby appropriated shall be available unless the doors of the Exposition shall be closed on Sunday. After two clays of the most boisterous and exciting scenes witnessed during this Ł * From this point onward this article is condensed from " Facts for the Times.' session of Congress, another provision was substituted for this and passed the House, May 26, as follows:Š Provided, That the Government exhibits at the World's Columbian Exposition shall not be opened to the public on Sundays. This was carried by a vote of 131 to 36. In this the House of Representatives committed itself, to an acknowledged act of religious legislation, and by a vote of almost four to one. THE SENATE CONDITIONED THE ENTIRE APPROPRIATION ON SUNDAY CLOSING. When, in the Senate, an amendment to the sundry civil bill, appropriating five million dollars for the World's Fair, was offered, Mr. Quay, of Pennsylvania, moved to insert a Sunday-closing pro-vision in language and manner worthy of note, and to be remembered as the real initial step in the general enforcement of religion by the Government of the United States, in pursuance of the decision of the Supreme Court that this is a religious and a Christian Nation. The Congressional Record of July 10, 1892, page 6614, reads thus:Š MR. QUAY,ŠOn page 122, line 13, after the word "act," I move to insert:Š " And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the Sabbath day." The reasons for the amendment I will send to the desk to be reads The secretary will have the kind-ness to read from the Book of law I send to the desk, the part enclosed in brackets. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠThe part indicated will be read. The secretary read as follows :Š " Remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hallowed it." The discussion which followed upon this amendment deserves well to rank among the debates in the great religious councils of the fourth century. It was even more significant than they. Its result is fraught with even greater peril, as it marks the culmination of added cen-turies of error, and also because, that, amid the greater opportunities to know and do the right, the wrong was deliber-ately chosen. The debate was opened by Senator Manderson, of Nebraska. In the Congressional Record, of July 12, pp. 6694, 6695, 6701, appears the following:Š MR. MANDERSON. ŠThe language of this amend-ment is that the Exposition shall be closed on the " Sabbath-day." I submit that if the senator from Pennsylvania desires that the Exposition shall be closed upon Sunday, this language will not neces-sarily meet that idea. The Sabbath-day is not Sunday. . . The word " Sabbath-day " simply means that it is a rest day, and it may be Saturday or Sunday, and it would be subject to the discretion of those who will manage this Exposition, whether they should close the Exposition on the last day of the week, in conformity with that observance which is made by the Israelites and the Seventh-day Bap-tists, or should close it on the first day of the week, generally known as the Christian Sabbath. It certainly seems to me that this amendment should be adopted by the senator from Pennsyl=a vania, and, if he proposes to close this Exposition, that it should be closed on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. . . . Therefore I offer an amendment to the amend-ment, which I hope may be accepted by the senator from Pennsylvania, to strike out the wotds " Exposition on the Sabbath-day," and in-sert "mechanical portion of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." Mn. QUAY.ŠI will accept the modification so far as it' changes the phraseology of the amendment  proposed by me in regard to designating the day of the week on which the Exposition shall be closed. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠThe senator from Penn-sylvania accepts the modification in part, but not in whole. . . . MR. HARRIS.ŠLet the amendment of the senator from Pennsylvania, as modified, be reported. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠIt will be again reported. The CHIEF CLERK. ŠOn page 122, line 13, after the word " act" it is proposed to amend the amendment of the committee by inserting:Š " And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the first day of the week commonly called Sun-day." As a final amendment to Mr. Quay's amendment, Mr. Gray, of Delaware, of-fered the following, which was accepted by Mr. Quay :Š And it is hereby declared that all appropriations herein made for, or pertaining to, the World's Columbian Exposition, are made under the con-dition that the said Exposition shall not be open to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; and if the said appropriations be accepted by the corporation of the State of Illinois, known as the World's Columbian Exposition, upon that condition, it shall be, and is hereby made, the duty of the World's Columbian Commis-sion, created by the act of Congress of April 25, 1890, to make such rules or modification of the rules of said corporation, as shall require the clos-ing of the Exposition on the said first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. THIS BECAME A LAW. This was adopted by the Senate, on July 14; and by the House on July 19; and re-ceived the signature of the President of the United States on August 5, and thus became a law. This is the first finished enactment of religion by the Congress of the United States in the history of the Government. THIS ENACTMENT RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION. In his " Sabbath for Man," page 194, speaking of Sabbath laws, Mr. Crafts says :Š At first thought they would seem to be religious laws. True enough, and so they are; first im-pressions are usually correct. So was this legislation on the part of Congress touch-ing the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, religious legislation. Men who wore there and took part in it recognized the whole proceedings as religious. Re-porting to the New York Independent, of July 28, 1892, the chaplain of the Senate said :Š During this debate you might have imagined yourself in a general council or assembly or synod or conference, so pronounced was one senator after another. Senator Hawley said:Š Everybody knows what the foundation is. It is founded in religious belief.ŠCongressional Rec-ord, July 12, 1892. And Senator Peffer said of it:Š To-day we are engaged in a theological discus-sion concerning the observance of the first day of the week. ŠId. Closing his speech Senator Colquitt, a National Reformer, thus betrayed a con-sciousness of the fact that such proceed-ings and such speeches as he and others had made were out of place in the halls of a civil government :Š But I shall continue this no further, Mr. Presi-dent, for it may to some sound like cant, like preaching, as though we were undertaking to clothe ourselves in overrighteous habiliments and pretend to be better than other men.ŠCongres-sional Record, Fifty-second Congress, page 6755. SECURED UNDER RELIGIOUS PRESSURE. This legislation was not secured from Congress without the use of political and boycotting measures on the part of 