40 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THESE are days that are bringing impressive object lessons before the American people on the subject of the evil of uniting religion with the power of the State. One such lesson is furnished by Utah, where the union of the Mormon religion with the State has sent an apostle of polygamy to the national legislature. And another is now furnished by the new American possession, Porto Rico, where the Roman Catholic religion has been joined with the State. It makes no difference what religion it is; when it is joined with the State the result is unmiti-gated evil. * * * "FATHER" SHERMAN has just returned from the island and made a report on its condition as regards religion. He says, in short, that religion in Porto Rico is dead. What has killed it? The unmistakable answer is, Union with the State. The union killed it long ago, and what is now coming forcibly to light is the fact that it has been dead all this time, and that it was State " support" that killed it. Let us look at the press statement o " Father " Sherman's report..  "FATHER SHERMAN says that the state of religion on the island is very unsatisfactory. Though in every town of any size there is found a large and handsome edifice, the services are very poorly attended. All the inhabi-tants of the island, with few exceptions, are nominally at least Roman Catholics. Very few of the men are more than Catholic in name. They are baptized, married and buried by the priest; that is the extent of their Catholi-cism." * * "Now that the priests are deprived of governmental aid," the report continues, "Many are leaving the coun-try, and more intend to depart before the winter is over. The church in Porto Rico has been so united with the State and so identified with it in the eyes of the people that it must share the odium with which the Spanish rule is commonly regarded."  odious, there can be no certainty for religion, when it is joined with the State, that it will not likewise become odious. Enforced religion, moreover, always becomes odious in proportion as its doctrines and practices areŁ "protected" by the civil law; and the authority of- the State, when so exercised, becomes odious to all lovers or freedom and justice. * AND when the State goes down, upon whose arm theŁ church has been leaning, what becomes of .the religion of that church? It suddenly finds that it is not able to stand alone. This is just what has happened in Porta Rico. " Many of the priests are leaving the country, and more will go before the winter is over," and as a result most of the churches will be empty and the whole reli-gious system will be paralized, as it is in a large degree already. "It would seem," the report continues, "that a change in the ecclesiastical system was too sudden, causing a kind of paralysis and consternation among a body of men accustomed to lean on the government and find in it their normal means of support. Religion is dead on the island. Whether it can be revived as a living influence is highly problematical. There is little or na observance of the sanctity of Sunday." * * FOR hundreds of years the State has stood loyally by religion in Porto Rico, giving all "Christian institu-tions and observances an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land"Šjust as the National Re-formers want it in this countryŠand yet "there is little or no observance of the sanctity of Sunday." Do we then want State enforced religion in the United States in order to secure here an increased regard for the "sanctity of Sunday"? We hope American people who note these facts will take this lesson to heart. SOME other fruits of church and state union in the island remain to be noted. With remarkable candor "Father" Sherman proceeds to report on the moral status of the people who have been so long under this religious regime, and we are informed that "the state' of morality can be inferred from the fact that the number of illegitimate children exceeds that of the legitimate. Concubinage is said to be common, and is not sufficiently discountenanced either legally or socially. The eradica-tion of this great evil presents one of the most difficult problems in Porto Rico, owing to the mixture of races there." * * WHEN a thing becomes odious, and that thing is joined with something else, it must inevitably be that that other thing shares in the odium; and if this other thing be religion, that religion becomes odious. And as there is no certainty that the State will not become AND this brings up another point worthy of consid-eration, especially while so much stir is being made over polygamy in Utah. The Government has had much trouble in dealing with this social evil as it has existed among the people of that State, and the problem seems 