THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 779 religio-politicians that the seventh day is being violated by Sunday labor." A good cause has no occasion to deviate from the language of truth. e4 THE idea that the world is growing better finds one of its, strongests supports in the Darwinian the-ory of evolution. The evolutionist derives his hopes for the future from his ideas of the past. While it,  is evident to him that the condition of so-ciety to-day is any thing but, promising, so that, as one evolutionist says, " men fear to face the future," and " no one has the heart to probe the next decade," still he believes that somehow mankind is bound to rise higher and higher in the plane of ex-istence; for did he not rise to his present height from the plane of the lowest animal life? If it be true that man did ascend from the lower animal species in this way, then the belief in his further, evolution to greater  heights follows of necessity; and this evolutionary theory is now held almost universally in both the church and the world. Guided by what he does not knowŠby that which pertains only to an infinite, impenetrable pastŠthe evolutionist goes contrary to every conclusion that is to be drawn from the things that he does knowŠthat he learns from history and sees around him in the world to-day. Yet he fancies himself led by the highest wisdom. .4 .4  THE secretary of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association claims that the Sunday law of that State would have been repealed a year ago, had it not been for the work done by the Association. Having learned something of the extent of its in-fluence, the organization has ,now assumed the aggressive and will demand of the legislature, to convene in January, more stringent Sunday legis-lation. .4 .4 A SAN FRANCISCO paper says that " the late Dr. Stallard left a fund to provide an annual prize for the best essay on the principles of the Declaration of Independence. The competition is limited to the students of Stanford and Berkeley Universities. The amount is one hundred and fifty dollars. This year's competition drew out exactly five essays from the two thousand Berkeley students and none from Stanford's eleven hundred. History is a specialty  of Stanford, in fact it has more students there than in any other course except plain English.' It seems odd that none of the hundred and twenty-four who are devoted to historical lore should be found to venture on an opinion regarding -the Declaration of our national independence." .4 .4 " JUDGING its fruits by their melancholy experi-ences at the hands of the soldiery of the Christian powers," says the Monitor (Roman Catholic), " the heathen Chinese cdn scarcely be blamed if they manifest a reluctance to exchange their present religious faith for Christianity." .4 .4 THE Cubans have from the first opposed the ap-pointment of a foreign prelate to be head over them in religion, and the latest word from Havana is that " the fight now being waged against Bishop Sbaretti, the head of the Catholic Church in Cuba, and spe-cial representative of the Pope, continues to grow in bitterness."  The Cubans want a religious leader chosen from one of _their own number. Such a re-quest, of course, savors too much of independence. .9 .4 DISCOURSING upon the " sadness of science," in The Independent, David Starr Jordan, president of Leland Stanford University, makes some note-worthy statements. Looking at " things as they really are," he says, " there is much to discourage in human history, in the facts of human life. The common man, after all the ages, is still very common. He is ignorant, reckless, unjust, selfish, easily misled. All public affairs bear the stamp of "his weakness. Especially is this shown in the prevalence of wae. The boasted progress of civilization is dissolved in the barbarism of war. Whether glory or conquest or commercial greed be war's purpose, the ultimate result of war is death. Its essential feature is the slaughter of the young, the brave, the ambitious, the hopeful; leaving the weak, the sickly, the discouraged, to'  perpetuate the race. Thus all militant nations be-come decadent ones." "That there seems no way out of this," he con-tinues, " is the the cause of the boundless despair of the thinking men of Continental Europe." He then quotes from one of these, Dr. Ross: " Progress seems to have ended in aimless dis- 