 434 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      forces which have worked in Greece and Rome, are at work irt our century; why should he say that to what end these forces are now working "we may not know"? Why may we not know? Do we not know to what end these forces worked in Greece and Rome? There is no room for any possible question, that irretrievable and awful ruin was the only end to which these forces worked in Greece and Rome. That being beyond all question, and it being also perfectly true that the same forces are now at work in society and nations, how then, can there be any possible question that to this same end and no other, these same forces are now working? Human nature is the same now that it was in the former days : the same in Europe and America to-day that it was in Greece and Rome in ancient days. Human nature being the same, and the forces working being the same, the end can be nothing else than the same that it was before. The material being the same upon which the same forces act, only at different dates, the like causes must inevitably produce like results. In view of the plain and well-known facts of the his-tory that records'the ruin of Greece and Rome as the clear result of the same forces that are at work in the nations to-day, surely it is a willful shutting of the eyes to palpable truth to say that we may not know to what end those forces are working to-day. It will not pay to shut the eyes, even to unwelcome truth, for the dubious honor of being reckoned "an optimist." No, no; let all open wide the eyes to the truth as it may be, and prepare to meet that which it portends, rather than for a mo-ment to gloze it, and thus we and our fellow-men be un-prepared for calamities which, though unwelcome, the truth shows must inevitably come. However, while the professor thinks that we may not know to what end these forces are working, he says that "God knows." Very good. But shall it be said that God knows that which involves all the interests of 'whole nations of people, and yet will not let any of those people know ? I Shall it be said, and even though said shall it be believed, that "God hath forsaken the earth" ? Has he abandoned the nations to blind fate? No : with abso-lute certainty every person may say, No, This is certain by the indisputable fact that when these forces were working in Greece and Rome, God, know-ing, did tell to all the people precisely to what end those forces were working. He did this then. And with him "there is no variableness neither shadow of turning" : he is "the same yesterday, and to-day, and forever." There-fore, being ever the same, and having told Greece and Rome to what end the forces in them were working, it is certain that he has told and will continue to tell the na-tions to-day what the end is to which these same forces are now working. In ancient time God did by the scriptures of his proph-ets distinctly, and more than once, name the nation and kingdom of Greece. By the prophet Daniel, "in the third year of Cyrus," the Lord, told how that the fourth king of Persia from Cyrus should stir up all his dominion "against the realm of Grecia." He then also told how that the power of Grecia through her "first king" should overthrow and break in pieces the kingdom of Persia. And-then how the domin-ion of Grecia would ba "divided toward the four winds of heaven." He told also that in the latter times of these divisions "when the transgressors are come to the full," another nation "of fierce countenance and understanding dark sentences should stand up," and "break in pieces all king-doms;" and how that it itself, in turn, should be broken in pieces. Such was the end to which worked the forces that were in Greece and Rome. God knew it, and told it to Greece and Rome. Such also is the end to which these same forces are now working; and God knows it, and also in the scriptures of the prophets tells it to the na-tions to day. Thus doubly it will not do to say "We may not know" what is the end to which these forces are working in our century. It will not do, because the lesson of the history is plain enough to cause any one to know ;. and it will not do, because the Lord has told it as certainly to the people to-day as he did to those anciently. To hold that "we may not know," is only to shut the eyes both to the plain lessons of the history and the plain in-struction of the revelation of God given for the express purpose that we may certainly know. It is very likely that the most eminent scholars of Greece in the days of Alexander, observed that "The same forces which have worked in Babylon and Persia are at work also in our day, but to what end we may not know--God knows." Yet they might have known, not only by the plain lessons of the history, but from the revela-tion of God. It is likely also that the most eminent scholars of-Rome in the days of Theodosius and the Valentinians, observed that "The same forces which have worked in, Persia and Greece are at work also in our century; to what end we may not knowŠGod knows." Yet they ought to have known full wellŠboth from all the history itself, and from the clear statements of the-revelation of God. To say that they might not know, was but to shut their eyes to both sources of all-sufficient knowledge on the subject. Truly all through the history of Assyria, Babylon,. Medo-Persia, Greece and Rome, God did know to what end those forces were working, and he told all those na-tions just what that end was : and it was ruin only. He had this information written out for their instruction. But when, against this specific instruction, and ignoring-the palpable lessons of the history, clear to every ob-server, the people of those times insisted that we may not know, and the ruin came upon them unawares and found' them unprepared, that was their faultŠtheir supreme,. unmitigated fault. It is true that the same forces which worked in Greece- 