AlVI.EWICAN SENTINEL. 253 that Toronto's Sunday ordinances had. completely transformed its citizens into devout observers of the day. Mr. Crafts, in his "Sabbath for Man," says of Toronto that it is "the.most perfect specimen of city Sabbath keeping that the world af-fords." He further adds :Š My own feeling was that TorontoŠwhere I at least did not observe a single open shop, where the streets were still and quiet, save where reverent multitudes were going to the house of God, show-ing a city whose stalwart and beautiful sons and daughters were enjoying a Sabbath restŠmight well put our Scottish cities in these latter days to shame, But oh, Toronto I What have you done ? Your fair name is tarnished, your record is gone. There is no wish to convey the idea that the riotous actions of the mob are aimed directly at the Sunday by-law as such. What they are objecting to is the abridg-ment of their freedom of speech. But just one little episode like this is enough tb sholtr very clearly that Sunday is not much more thoroughly in the hearts of the, people in Toronto than elsewhere, and such highly praised Sunday laws have not yet turned all in that city into saints. It is a forcible illustration of the fact that civil law, even enforced so strictly as in Toronto, at the time when Mr. Crafts wrote about it, will not put religious dogmas, no matter whether such dogma is right or wrong, into the hearts of the people. And one of the gravest questions of the day is the idea that some ministers are even leaving their pulpits to advocate in extended lecture tours the idea of se-curing civil law to enforce religious dog-mas. It is true they claim only to desire law in favor of the civil side of such doc-trine, but anything that is wholly relig-lens has no civil side to it. And such is the character, when held up to plain view, of the institutions and ideas which these would-be reformers are seeking to enforce. With all the history of the past before us, we might regard such advocates of compulsory religion, if they were iso-lated individuals, as relics fit only for a museum of antiquities; but when Protest-ant ministers will seriously, and in large numbers, advocate the doctrine that the State should aid the Church in carrying out its designs, which was the motto of the Papacy while at the midnight of its reign of persecution, it is time for some- body to speak out. This Toronto by-law was first framed so as to apply to all the days of the week alike, but certain councilmen who were not educated sufficiently in statesmanship to enable them to see that if anything was a public nuisance on Sunday it would be the same on any other day, secured an amendment confining the ordinance to Sunday. Failing to appreciate this im-portant point in law they so framed the ordinance as also to seriously interfere with the freedom of speech. There was a respectable PliPority.  in the council?  how-.  ever, who favored making the law touch all days of the week, and also to have it restricted to the particular form of nui-sance in question. But they were over-ruled, and a law was made to which many of the best citizens are much opposed. The interference of the civil law with re-ligious questions always opens the way for oppression on the one hand or mob vio- lence on the other. A. 0. TAIT. "Sabbath Observance by Law." UNDER the heading, " Sabbath Observ-ance by Law," the Herald, Morrisburgh, Ontario, publishes the following able ar-ticle:Š " One might reasonably infer from the number of petitions which are being sent up to Parliament, praying for a law to secure the better observance of the Lord's day, that these petitioners consider the members of Parliament to be possessed of omnipotence; that their office qualifies them to dictate in matters spiritual as well as temporal. In our simplicity we had supposed that the members of Parlia-ment were statesmen, not ecclesiastics; M. P's, not D. D.'s or M. D.'s. Appeal to Parliament for a law to secure better Sabbath observance indeed! Why not appeal to them for a law prescribing the number and kind of pill to be taken in case of a bilious attack ? Why not ?ŠBecause that is n't their business. They are not doctors of medicine, nor ministers of the gospel. They are simply states-men, and their powers of office are limited to statesmanshipŠto things temporal, not spiritual. But Sabbath keeping is spirit-ual worship; Sabbath breaking is sin. " We had supposed that the gospel of Jesus Christ, which is ' the power of God unto salvation,' is the only power in this world to which an appeal should be made for salvation from sin; and that God is the only being to whom we should pray in order to secure this power. But these petitioners appear to have confounded the temporal and human government with the spiritual and divine government of God. What has the Dominion Parlia-ment to do with the divine law of God, which takes cognizance of the thoughts and intents of the heart.? What power has this legislative body to determine whether the Sabbath day is observed as it should be ? The Sabbath is a divine institution, and its observance or non-observance is a matter that should rest wholly between the individual and his God. It is a religious practice performed for the purpose of showing the performer's religious belief ; but what has the Domin-ion Government to do with a man's re-ligious belief ? It is not the object of any earthly government to make men relig-ious, nor to make them act as if they were religious. The object of government is  to make men civil; but Sabbath breaking is not uncivil, it is irreligious. Sabbath keeping is an act of religious worship, nothing else; and a law to secure better Sabbath observance would simply be a law to secure better religious worship. " But we ask again, What has the Do-minion Parliament to do with an individ- ual's religious worship ? The Parliament itself is composed of men who are as di-verse in their religious practices and be- liefs as it is possible for men to be. Now is it reasonable that they should enact laws to enforce upon one another, and upon the people at large, the forms and practices by which they show their relig-ious belief ? " It seems to be a settled conviction of those who are petitioning for this law that a man can be made a good Christian, as well as a good citizen, by an Act of Par-liament; for the only reason why any one should keep the Sabbath day is that he may be a good Christian. It may be ob-jected that the intention of the proposed law is to regard the day as a civil institu-tion; but even in that case, civil employ-ment should not be prohibited, because civil employment on a civil day can never, by any process of sound reasoning, be made to appear as an incivility. But the Sabbath is not a civil institution in any sense of the word. It is religious, and wholly such. It is an institution that belongs entirely to the government of God, and no earthly government has any right whatever to say how, or when, it shall be observed, or whether it shall be ob-served at all or not. The Dominion Parlia-ment has about as much right to pass a law to secure the better observance of the Lord's day as it has to pass a law with reference to the manner in which the Americans should observe .the Fourth of July. It is an institution that is alto-gether and entirely outside of its jurisdic-tion. " These petitioners appear to think that the field of the legislator is unlimited, and that for every evil that exists under the sun, a, remedy must be sought by an appeal to civil authority. But this is a serious mistake. It is this mistake that instituted the Inquisition with all its hor-rid instruments of torture. It is this mis-take that erected the altar of human sac-rifice among the heathen nations of the earth. It is the mistake among civilized nations which murdered philosophers, and crucified the Son of God ;Šthe mistake of permitting the legislator to invade the realm of conscience. And 'after all this experience, shall this mistake be made again ? Shall the legislator be permitted to dictate to us the forms and practices of religious worship which we shall observe? God forbid! Let the legislator keep within the bounds of statesmanship, leav-ing religion and religious practices of every kind to the individual, the family, and the Church, and he will be doing all 