YANUAitY g, is64. litC.A.N-' SENT[  16 AGAIN this editorial says to the pa-pacy :Š Americans are suspicious of your church. The mass of the people of this country do not believe you are to be trusted with power of any kind. Yes, Americans are suspicious of the papal church. But, Mr. Crafts, your record as a National Reformer does not show that you have been at all suspicious of that church. On the contrary you have acted toward it as though it were the most trustworthy thing in heaven or on earth. Now a question to you, Mr. Crafts: In view of this record of yours, in principle, in purpose, in action are you an American or a papist ? Again, in view of this record of yours, it is evident to every candid mind, that you are not one of the people nor is your National Reform combination a company of people who "do not believe that the papal church is to be trusted with power of any kind." On the contrary, you and your fellow-workers, both men and women, have spent your most diligent efforts, for years, with the aid and alliance of the papal church, to get this Govern-ment committed to the support of religion and thus clothe the ecclesiastical with civil power here. You succeeded at last. And then too, you, yourself, set to this viper-ous ecclesiastical, tyranny, the wicked ex-ample and the baleful precedent, of calling for armed troops to enforce upon the peo-ple at the World's Fair the observance of the Catholic Sunday which you had got Congress to set up as the " Christian Sab- bath." And now you find the papal " ecclesiastical organization," which you knew had, for every hour of "more than a thousand years, been a menace to the political liberties of the civilized world "Šnow you find this ecclesiastical organiza-tion in the place and wielding the power which you yourselves hoped to possess. Thus by your very lack of suspicion of the papal church, you have succeeded in clothing her with the greatest power of the world, when you knew all the time that she was not "to be trusted with power of any kind." AND finally, from the editorial of Oct. 28, 1893, we quote as the climax, the sum, and the first condemnation, of all this in-famous intrigue, the following :Š The government that cherishes the papacy is cher-ishing a viper that will some day sting it to the heart. That is true. And you, Mr. Crafts, and the Christian Statesman, knew it all the time. And yet you went to that viper, which had been flung out into the cold by our governmental fathers, as the venom-ous thing which it is, which they had flung out into the cold to perish, you picked it up, you took it to your bosom, and warmed and cherished it, and, through the success of your religio-political intrigue upon the Government of the United States, the glory of the world, you brought it back to full and active and venomous vigor. You hoped that the hood which you thought you had slipped upon its head would remain, and that you might thus ever use it as a sort of pet in your house for your amusement or service. But, behold, you find that you failed really to hood the thing at the start, and that now you can't. You find that you have nourished it back to such active and vigorous life that it has taken possession of the house. And now you, you raise an alarm against cherishing a viper ! Now you give warning that whosoever cher-ishes and warms a viper it, " will some day  sting " him " to the heart." But who cherished this viper and warmed it back to life ? Who picked up and brought into the house, and cherished back to active and vigorous life, this viper which has now taken possession of the American house and which will certainly sting the household to death ?ŠOh, the National Reform combination did it. And the chiefest instrument of that combination, did it. And the chiefest instrument of that combination, in the doing of it was you, yourself, "Rev." Wilbur F. Crafts. And now, in view of this awful record and present consequences of it, and the fearful results which are yet to be wrought by it, we can only in pity, and in the sor-rowful tones of our Saviour, when he saw such things going on in ltis day, ex-claim concerning the whole National Re-form combination : "Ye serpents, ye gen-eration of vipers, how can ye escape the damnation of hell." A. T. J. NOTE.ŠSince the foregoing was written, we have received the Christian Statesman of December 30, 1893, containing Mr. Crafts' valedictory, announcing the end of his connection with that paper, and also the end of his "five years of Sabbath reform campaigning." From his record, as truthfully set forth in the foregoing notes, it is plain enough that this valedic-tory to five years of such campaigning is very appropriate, seeing that in these five years and by this campaigning he has done about as much mischief to the Amer-ican Republic and people as it would be possible for one mortal man to do in the same length of time. In his valedictory, Mr. Crafts remarks of himself :Š It has been said that Frederick proved himself " the Great," by saying, " I made a mistake." On that basis I could prove myself doubly great by con-fessing, "I have made two mistakes,Šor more." Yes, Mr. Crafts, you have undoubtedly made " two mistakes " in this five years' careerŠthe first one when you originated the American Sabbath Union, and the second when you accomplished the alliance of the National Reform combination and the papacy. And by the same token you are most worthily entitled to the dignity which you have suggested and which we cheerfully accord to you, and in accord-ance with which we sincerely write,Š Wilbur, the doubly great  Vale, and we remain as ever, Truly, ALONZO T. JONES. Sunday Laws vs. True Religion. A SOCIETY has been organized in this city for the purpose of securing among Hebrews a better observance of the ancient Sabbath. Commenting on this fact, the Mail and Express says :Š It has been offered as an explanation, if not an excuse, for Jewish dereliction in this respect [the ob-servance of the Sabbath] that they have become so assimilated to our American habits and customs that they have gradually fallen into a sort of passive ob-servance of the Christian Sabbath. It is no doubt more the result of the long-continued observance of the Christian Sabbath enforced by law, so far as trade and traffic are concerned, connected with the business and social inconvenience of two rest days in each week. We cannot accept this result as a compliment. There are unquestionably a large number of Jews who have become Christians, and when this change of faith is the result of sincere conviction we cannot refuse our sympathy and fellowship. But it is equally true that our own example in this matter of Sabbath observance is none too good. It is to be feared that many of our Jewish friends have been seduced from their religious fidelity by our moral and religious recreancy and degeneracy. To take from any man a religious belief in which he has been sincere and devoted, without giving him something more satisfactory as a substitute, is both cruel and wicked. It is therefore much better for the Jew to yield a loving and reverential observance of his own Sabbath than to lapse into a spirit of Sheer worldliness and simply accord a reluctant and legally enforced observance of the Christian Sabbath, for which he has no reverence, and in which he can have no religious interest while holding to the faith whose precepts he violates. The Jewish Sabbath, faithfully observed, as in the past; one of the busiest days of the week, taken vol-untarily from trade; with stores, shops, and ledgers closed; the synagogues thronged and resounding with prayer and praise, has always impressed us with the strength of religious convictions and the force and beauty of religious devotion. These are remarkable utterances for a paper which has for years championed legislation, the very purpose and effect of which is to do the very thing which the Mail and Express says " is both cruel and wicked." The man who closes his store on the " Jewish " Sabbath loses the business of the busiest day of the week. This, however, some Jews and all Sab-bath-keeping Christians in trade, do vol-untarily. But here the law steps in and requires them to lose the next day also in order that Sunday keepers may not be " compelled " to keep their stores open on Sunday also! Thus the State discrimi-nates in favor of the so-called Christian Sabbath (which is, in fact, the papal SabbathŠthe badge of the authority of the Roman Catholic Church) to the amount of 161 per cent; that is the man who voluntarily closes his store or shop on the Sabbath, is required by the civil law to pay tribute to the papacy to the amount of one-sixth of his remaining time, by observing also the Sunday, the Sabbath of the " Mother of Harlots and Abominations of the Earth." And the Mail and Express defends such legisla-tion and demands the rigid enforcement of such laws ! But note particularly the closing para-graph of the quotation from the Mail and Express:Š The Jewish Sabbath, faithfully observed as in the past; one of the busiest days of the week, taken vol-untarily from trade; with stores, shops, and ledgers closed; the synagogue thronged and resounding with prayer and praise, has always impressed us with the strength of religious convictions and the force and beauty of religious devotion. Would not a similar voluntary sacrifice on the part of Sunday keepers make a similar impression ? and would not the religion represented by those who made such voluntary sacrifice be the gainer by it in moral influence ? But where is the chance for it when the civil law stops the wheels of commerce on that day and com-mands the laborer to rest in order that Christians may obey the demands of their religion, that is that Christians may be Christians indeed ? Is it any wonder that the "Christianity" which must be hedged about with civil law to preserve it against the assaults of greed, fails to command much respect from the ad-herents of other faiths? All so-called Sabbath laws, except the one divine law of the Sabbath, are not only of papal origin and for the maintenance of a papal institution, but they foster hypocrisy and deceit and put a premium on selfishness. Their purpose is to fill the churches, and they, in a measure, accomplish their pur-pose by filling the churches with hypo-critesŠmen and women who have not the courage of their convictions and who would not live their religion or observe their so-called Sabbath, were they not by the civil law shielded from loss in so CL P. B. 