AMERICAN SENTINEL. 245 was considered too cumbersome for ordinary use, so the name has become simply Dominico. "There will be some means of simplifying the Eng-lish word to meet the popular requirements. We follow the New Testament as our guide and we will find therein many reasons for calling the first day of the week the `Lord's day.' Thus, there is but one passage in the New Testament in which we find the first day mentioned specifically as the Lord's day, namely, in the Apoc. 1: 10. In Acts 20: 7, we are told that St. Paul abode seven days at Troas, and that on the first day of the week the disciples came together to break bread. We have every reason, both from revelation and from tradition, to consecrate the first day of the week to the Son of God, and to name it for him is consistently and relig-iously to put in practise the theory of our belief. I am interested in this discussion, and I hope that it will bear good fruits among the believers in Christ in this country." Observe that the archbishop says: "This great country is a Christian country, and by adopting the word 'Lord's day' or `Sonday' to honor the Word In-carnate, it will bear witness of the truth." By making Sunday the "Lord's day," then, this country will pro-claim that it is "Christian." But with the archbishop, the term "Christian" means Catholic and not Protes-tant. The country can proclaim itself "Christian" as a Catholic, but not as a Protestant, country; and it will do this by making Sunday the "Lord's day." This is perfectly in harmony with the Catholic claim that the Sabbath was changed by authority of the (Catholic) church, and that the change of the day stands as the sign of the church's spiritual power and authority. It is perfectly true therefore that in making Sunday the "Lord's day" this nation will proclaim itself "Chris-tian" in the Roman Catholic sense, which will be simply to proclaim itself a Catholic nation. It is amusing to note the archbishop's further state-ment that in "Apoc. 1:10," "we find the first day of the week specifically mentioned as the Lord's day." The idea that the "Lord's day" of Rev. 1:10 refers specific-ally or in any way to Sunday was specifically contro-verted in the Catholic Mirror some years ago by a prominent Catholic writer, and seems to be better "Protestant" doctrine than Catholic; but the arch-bishop's statement well illustrates the assumption that goes with the attempt to find Bible proof for Sunday. The text in question says nothing whatever about the first day of the week. The conclusion that it does refer to the first day of the week is reached by "arguing in a circle." The first day of the week is "proved" from Scripture, first, to be the Lord's day; and then the term "Lord's day" in Scripture is taken as proof that the text refers to the first day of the week. It is like two persons trying to hold each other up in the air: each depends on the other, but as neither has any sup-port, they must fall to the ground together. "THE seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord." A "Remarkable Situation." THE New York Sun, in discussing the effect of the "higher criticism" upon the Protestant Church, points out that the Protestant bodies have in practise aban-doned the ground of Scriptural infallibility upon which Protestantism stood when the separation was made from Rome; leaving Rome as the "sole champion" of the doctrine that the Bible contains no error. In this it sees, and quite truly, a"remarkable situation":Š "The pope, in his encyclical on Scripture in 1893, declared that 'all the books which the church receives as sacred and canonical are written wholly and entirely, with all their parts, at the dictation of the Holy Ghost,' and 'that inspiration is not only incompatible with error, but also excludes and rejects it as absolutely and necessarily as it is impossible that God himself, the Supreme Truth, can utter that which is not true.' The sacred and canonical books referred to include all the Bible as accepted by Protestants and accordingly the papal definition of the dogma of the Scripture attrib-utes to the Protestant Bible entire and absolute infalli-bility. That is the question in controversy and the po-sition of Rome as to it is unequivocal. So also is that of Protestantism, so far as concerns its formal and au-thoritative standards of faith; but while Roman Cath-olicism commands the layman Dr. Mivart to render obedience to its dogma under pain of excommunication and eternal damnation, Protestantism retains in its ministry and as teachers of theology many men whose teachings openly contradict its standards. "Does not this, then, leave the Roman Catholic Church the sole champion of Scriptural infallibility? Of course, a law amounts to nothing, becomes a mere dead letter, unless it is enforced. And is it not a very remarkable situation? Protestantism, the great dis-tinguishing feature of which is reliance on the authority of the Bible above and without any other, surrenders the keeping of the infallibility of that authority to the church against which it protested and from which it separated in the sixteenth century, as a fountain of re-ligious error." It is of course only in theory that the church of Rome maintains the infallibility of Scripture. The doc-trine has no practical importance for any true Catholic. For it is not the Scripture in itself that is the infallible guide of the Catholic into all troth, but the Scripture as interpreted by the church "fathers," the councils, the popes, and Catholic theologians in general. The Script-ure is divine and unerring, but the interpretation is human and fallible. Such an interpretation does not explain the Bible, but the Bible is made to support the interpretation. This opens wide the door to error in its worst form. And by this means error has come into the Catholic Church, through centuries of time, until to-day that church, while still maintaining the doctrine of Scriptural infallibility, has no use for the Bible at all, never encourages its reading in the most enlight-ened lands, and in Catholic countries prohibits it as a. 