556 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Protestants have regarded the papacy as antichrist. But now a different spirit is being cherished toward her. Instead of being the "woman arrayed in purple and scarlet color, and decked with gold, and precious stones and pearls [and], having a golden cup in her hand" full of all kinds of abominations (Rev. 17:4) and "sitting upon a scarlet colored beast" (verse4) she is now spoken of by Protestants as "our beautiful mother," thereby confessing themselves to be her daughters. And claim-ing to be Christian churches themselves, and being the daughters of this "beautiful mother," thus being of one blood, it could not be otherwise than that she be recog-nized by them as a Christian church. Hence they can bless now what they once cursed; as a Methodist minis-ter in Ohio once said, "God bless the Roman Catholic Church of to-day." But as surely as Protestant churches, or individuals in these churches, shall so speak of the Catholic Church, so certainly do they, in that thing renounce the princi-ples of Protestantism, notwithstanding they may still bear the name of Protestants. And what does a name amount to anyway if the principles represented by that name are renounced? It is idle for one to contend that the papacy is differ-ent now from what it was three hundred years ago. Surely Cardinal Gibbons, the highest prelate of the Cath-olic Church in this country is entitled to speak upon this point. In exhorting Protestants to return to the fold of the Roman Catholic Church he says, "Incoming to the church you are not entering a strange place, but you are return-ing to your Father's home. The house and furniture may look odd to you. But it is just the same as your forefathers left it three hundred years ago."Š"Faith of Our Fathers." Introduction, page 17. Yes, indeed ! the Catholic church is exactly the same as it was three hundred years ago; and the claim that she makes, preposterous though it be, of infallibility; that the church in faith and morals never erred, nor ever can err, utterly precludes the possibility of the Catholic Church being any different now from what it has always been. Notwithstanding all this at this time when this Sab-bath question, regarded by all who are intelligent upon the question, as being the test of all religion, so that it is claimed, and justly too, that "he who does not keep the Sabbath does not worship God, and he who does not worship God is lost!' the logic therefore being that he who does not keep the Sabbath is lostŠat this time it is perfectly natural that Protestants should be willing to join hands with the papacy regarding the Sunday. And why not? Is not Sunday the child of the papacy? As a professedly Christian institution does not Sunday find its origin in the Catholic Church? Does not the Catholic Church set forth Sunday as the sign or mark of her power to do all that she claims to be able to do? Let any one read any of the Catholic Catechisms, and see for themselves. The advocates of Sunday observance for a long time-have been hard pressed for divine proof that Sunday is. the Sabbath. But they must have it. It is essential for,  the support of their tottering institution. True there are many people who would be satisfied toŁ keep the day on the strength of its being enjoined by the State; but there are thousands who would insist upon having stronger proof. In vain will the Scriptures be appealed to. The only day that can be found enjoined there as the Sabbath is the seventh day. And Sunday advocates long since found that out, and have, in spite of themselves, been compelled to acknowledge the complete silence of Scrip-ture with reference to Sunday as the Sabbath. But the difficulty would be surmounted when the: Catholic Church shall be acknowledged as a divine insti-tution and clothed with authority from Jesus Christ, and guided by the Holy Spirit, to make the change. Will Protestants do this? They will as surely as they continue to seek to have Sunday enforced. Already concessions have been made by Protestants. Here is a statement by Rev. Sylvester ScovellŠa National Reformer, and an ardent Sunday law advocate, in 1881, "This common interest [of all religious people in the SabbathŠSunday] ought both to strengthen our deter-mination to work and our readiness to cooperate in every way with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens. We may be subjected to many rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time has not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept cooperation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the neces-sities of the situation." Yes, and for the complete success of their work it will be found to be one of the necessities of the situation to acknowledge the divine authority of the Catholic Church. For this the Catholic Church has long waited, and soon will come her triumph. THE Wesleyan Grove Association, which has charge-of the Northport camp-meeting grounds on Penobscot Bay, Maine, at a recent meeting decided to permit no,  people on the grounds who came on Sunday excursions; so says the Bangor Daily Commercial. Of course the association has a right to do this; but it is strange Christian doctrine which shuts sinners out at any time from the camp of Christ. And the sinners who are thus shut out will not have much confidence in the religious. pretensions that are made within. THE proper pathway of the church being widely dif-ferent from that to be followed by the civil power, it is evident that if church and state are united each must drag the other out of its proper path, and that each must be an incubus upon the other. 