50 THE A.1VIER.ICAN sEN-raNnL. bued with the principles of honesty, kindness; and courtesy. But this is not the case; the very language of the resolution shows this. It requires that the children shall be instructed " in virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian Nligion." It will be seen that the fact is recognized that the principles of the Christian religion are something distinct from the principles of common virtue and morality. The Christian religion is the gospel of Jesus Christ. The gospel of Jesus Christ is, as the apostle Paul says, " the power of God unto salvation, to every one that believeth." In other words, it is the remedy which God has devised to save men from the guilt, the love, and the consequences of sin, and it accom-plishes this salvation only for those who ex-ercise personal faith in Christ. Now the very statement that the gospel is a remedy, is an ac-knowledgment that something existed before it did, which called for a remedy. That some-thing was sin. But sin is immorality, the violation of God's moral law. Therefore it is as clear as noonday, that the principles of virtue and morality are older than the Chris-tian religion. If those principles had from the beginning been strictly followed, the Chris-tian religion would never have been intro-duced, because there would have been no sin from which to save men. Those principles are to a greater or less extent known and in-culcated in all nations, and by all systems of religion. They are a part of the legacy which all men have inherited from their common parent, Adam. That children should always and every-where be impressed with the importance of honesty, truthfulness, courtesy, and kind-ness to one another, there is no one who will deny. No one will question the right and the duty of the public schools to teach these principles. This it may do and not teach re-ligion, although these are necessary to religion. But to teach "the principles of the Christian religion," in the public schools, means that just such instruction should be given in those schools as is given in the Sabbath-schools of the land. It means that the children should be instructed in the nature of the sacrifice of Christ, which is so simple that any child may understand it, and should be taught the necessity of personal faith in him, and should also be instructed in regard to those ordi-nances which Christ instituted as media for the manifestation of faith, namely, Christian baptism and the Lord's Supper. This, and this alone, is instruction in the principles of the Christian religion. Well, isn't it Tight that children should be so instructed ? We say, Yes; it is right, and most necessary; but not in the public schools. Personally we earnestly wish that every child in the land could be brought directly under the influence of Christian teaching, but we would have it done in a way befitting Chris-tianity. The gospel knows nothing of force. Christ never forced himself upon anybody. When the Gadarenes besought him to depart out of their coasts, he went immediately. Why ? Was it because he was not as in-tensely interested in them as in the inhab- itants of Galilee? Not at all; but because he recognized their right to reject him and his teachings if they chose. When he sent out his disciples, he gave them instruction to ,the same effect. If any should refuse to receive them, they were to leave them, and allow the day of Judgment to settle with them for their willful rejection of the gospel. We repeat, The gospel knows nothing of force; its cry is, "Whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." The privilege of every man to freely accept the provisions of God's grace, implies the equal privilege of every man to reject them. Religion that is not voluntary is of no value. But when religion is taught in the public schools, it ceases to be a voluntary thing. The State then uses its power Ł to force the gospel upon people. It gathers all the chil-dren into the schools, and then preaches the gospel to them. But under such circum-stances it is not the gospel that is received; it is only a semblance of the gospel. Nothing is pure gospel except that which is truly Christ-like, and Christ never forced people to listen to him. The same power which drove the money-changers in abject terror from the temple, could as well have gathered all peo-ple regularly into, the temple, or the syna-gogues, and compelled them to listen to his teaching. The fact that the great Author of Christianity employed nothing like force in the introduction of Christianity, shows that none of his professed followers have any right to use force in maintaining it. The disciple is not greater than his Lord. It is right to have zeal for God, and to be' anxious that all men should hear the gospel; but that zeal should be according to knowledge. It should not lead to the adoption of methods which Christ condemned. To say that if the State does not use its power to cause people to be instructed in the. principles of the Christian religion, it is evidence of indifference as to their eternal welfare, is equivalent to saying that Christ was indifferent, because lie did not use his greater power for the same purpose. We trust that every reader can see that our opposition to the teaching of the Christian religion in the public schools, is not simply on the ground that it is unconstitutional,Šthat it discriminates between the believer and the unbeliever, not allowing the unbeliever equal rights with the believer. We do op-pose it on that ground. To compel the in-fidel,  against his will to have his children instructed in the principles of the Christian religion, just because his Christian neighbor wants his children to be so instructed, is to say that the infidel has not as much right in this country as the Christian has, and that is to make the rights of citizenship depend-ent upon one's belief. Surely this is reason enough for opposing it; but we have a higher reason still, and that is that such a course is antichristian as well as un-American. We use the term "antichristian " advis-edly. We have already shown that all en-forced teaching of the gospel is contrary to the example and precept of Christ. History is full of illustrations of the antichristian  effect of enforced religious teaching. When Charlemagne conquered the Saxons, their lives were spared on condition that they would receive baptism. Says Guizot, " For three years Charlemagne had to redouble his ef-forts to accomplish in Saxony, at the cost of Frankish as well as Saxon blood, his work of conquest and conversion. ' Saxony,' he often repeated, ' must be Christianized or wiped out.' " Now does anybody suppose that there was,  any Christianity involved in the enforced baptism of the Saxons ? Does not everybody know that it was by just such proc-esses that the Papacy, the human ewbodi-ment of antichrist, was established? The illustration on page 215 of the first volume of Guizot's " History of France " (Estes and Lauriat's edition), is well named " Charle-magne inflicting baptism upon the Saxons." The difference between this enforced ac-ceptance of 'Christianity, and the teaching of " the principles of the Christian religion " in -the public schools of the United States, is one of degree only, and not one of kind. The principle is the same. When instruction in the principles of religion becomes a matter of compulsion, then Christianity itself will take its leave. We submit that Christ knew how to propagate Christianity better than any man can. His gentle methods were the best and the only right way. And so it is because of our love for pure Christianity, as well as our love for equal rights to all men, that we oppose the propagation of religion by the State. E. J. W. The Church and State Bill. Š - THE "bill to secure to the people the en- joyment of the first clay of the week, com-monly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship," was introduced into the Senate May 21, was read twice, and re-ferred to the Committee on Education and Labor, where it was championed by Rev. Wil- bur F. Crafts and others. It .reads as fol-lows Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Con-gress assembled, That no person, or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employe of any per son or corporation, shall perform or author-ize to be performed any secular work, labor, or business to the disturbance of others, works of necessity, mercy, and humanity excepted; nor shall any person engage in any play, game, or amusement, or recreation, to the dis-turbance of others on the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, or dur-ing any part thereof, in any Territory, district, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive juris-diction of the United States; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or service performed or rendered in violation of this section. SEC. 2. That no mails or mail matter shall hereafter be transported in time of peace over any land postal-route, nor shall any mail matter be collected, assorted, handled, or de-livered during any part of the first day of the week: Provided, That whenever any letter shall relate to a work of necessity or mercy, or shall concern the health, life, or decease of any person, and the fact shall be plainly stated upon the face of the envelope contain-ing the same, the postmaster-general shall 