110 VOL. 11, No. 14. ministers are confined in the county jail, fed and clothed at the expense of the county during the term of their imprisonment, while the other prisoners are confined in their own houses, fed and clothed at their own expense, not actually under lock and key, it is true, but restricted as to their actions and forbidden to do on this one day of the week things that are regarded as not only harmless but meri-torious upon other days. And the difference is rather on the side of the three ministers; for they can look forward to the time when their term of imprisonment will expire, whereas the other prisoners have no hope that they will ever get out. They are life pris-oners serving out a life sentence. As to the comparative privileges, the three ministers have the same opportunity of at-tending service on Sunday as these prisoners at large, and very likely they will have the advantage of having straighter gospel preached to them than these other prisoners, for, are they not considered criminals who need some straight things said to them ? while these other prisoners, sitting perhaps upon softer seats, have only the privilege of listening to the ordinary Sunday discourse. Yes; as between the Adventist ministers locked in Chatham jail and these life prisoners of a religious statute, the latter stand in the greater need of sympathy, and for a two-fold reason: for while really fettered with the most galling shackles of all bondage, religious forms of worship imposed upon them by civil " law," they think themselves free and at liberty, and that the ministers only are pris-oners. Bat though the ministers are deprived of civil liberty, immured in dungeons vile, the prison walls cannot be made thick enough to deprive them of that liberty which is found only in obedience to the law of God through faith in a living Saviour. Toronto. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. [Paper read by Miss -Anna Coveny, before the Charleston Union Sunday School Association, Dartt Settlement, Pa.] RELIGIOUS liberty is absolute freedom of opinion and worship. Jesus is the author of true liberty. He gave all men freedom and liberty to worship him according to the dictates of their own consciences. The rights of all men are equal; we find this taught in the words of our Saviour, in Matt. 23: 8: " But be not ye called Rabbi, for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren." One man has no more inherent or natural rights than another. The framers of the Declaration of Independence enunciated a great truth when they said, " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain un-alienable rights, that among these rights are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." In recognition of the equality of men, Jesus says, " Judge not, that ye be not judged." It is not so much by the number or length of prayers, or by the amount of religious ceremonies performed that God estimates our religion, as by the way we treat our fellow-men. They are his creatures, beings whom he has made in his own image. We are to see the workmanship of God in each human being, and recognize and treat each individual as God's property. We also read in Rom. 14: 4 these words : " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant ? to his own master he standeth or  falleth." These words not only forbid us to judge our fellows, but they guarantee to us liberty, for they say to every individual just what they say to us. Freedom is a condition desirable to all. Everybody likes to be freeŠfree to think, to act, or to speak; it is an inborn principle. God made man free in the beginning and it is only sin that has brought bondage into the world. The words of Patrick Henry, " Give me liberty or give me death," are but an out-burst of this natural desire for freedom. Freedom is the greatest blessing that God could bestow upon us his creatures, without which we would be most miserable. It is only the willing service that is accept-able to God. We cannot compel men to be righteous. All the force of the civil power since the world stood could not compel one soul to be righteous. Governments were ordained to keep men civil, and not to make them religious. God's plan is this: " Come, let us reason together." God does not force the will of his creatures. He cannot accept an homage that is not willingly given. A mere forced submission would prevent all development of mind or character. It would make man a mere automaton, and such is not the purpose of the Creator. He desires that man, the crowning work of his creative power, shall reach the highest possible devel-opment. To give to men their natural rights is not in the power of the State. Rights come from God. The State can only declare and secure theta. To protect liberty of conscience is the duty of the State, and this is the limit of its au-thority in matters of religion. The State has no right to enforce upon any the religious views of others. The free exercise of religion according to the dictates of conscience is something which every man may indeed de-mand as a right, not something which we must ask as a privilege. Whatever the circumstances may be, relig-ious persecution cannot be right, for persecu-tion itself is wrong. Even though the perse-cutor were defending the truth, his persecution would be wrong. Thomas Clark, an English writer, has well said: " There are many who do not seem to be sensible that all violence in religion is irreligious, and that, whoever is wrong, the persecutor cannot be right." The Elector Fredrick said: " Persecution will never advance the cause that it pretends to defend." " You must remember," said Sir George Dibbs, ex-premier of New South Wales, "you cannot make people good or religious by act of Parliament." " Almighty God," said Jefferson, " hath created the mind free. All attempts to in-fluence it by temporal punishment or burdens or by civil laws, tend to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by co-ercion on either,,as was his power to do." Martin Luther said: "It is with the word we must contend, and by the word we must refute and expel what has gained a footing by violence. I would not resort to force against such as are superstitious, nor even against unbelievers. Whoever believeth let him draw nigh, and whoso believeth not stand afar off. Let there be no compulsion; liberty is of the very essence of faith. " Vengeance, retribution, and justice be-longeth to God to execute, and not to man,  because all men are alike accountable to God for their worship to him." But these principles do not rest upon the opinions of men; we find them in the words of our Saviour, "Render therefore unto Csar [or civil power] the things that are Csar's, and unto God the things that are God's." " SELF-RESPECTING " AND "RESPECTABLE." WHAT the SENTINEL has repeatedly af-firmed concerning the Sunday excise " law" as a bulwark for the saloon and therefore a block in the pathway of prohibition and tem-perance, is openly admitted by the author of the Raines excise bill, which has recently become " law" for the State of New York. The statement is made by Mr. Thomas C. Platt, " who," says the Independent, "is understood to be responsible for the new scheme":Š The Raines bill makes the liquor dealer a self-re-specting citizen. So long as he observes the law his vested rights cannot be infringed. . . From the day the bill becomes a law he walks forth a free man, and after he has discharged his obligations to the State, no one can make him afraid. It is in the very widest and best sense a bill to secure the liberty of the subject. This is what will be secured by the Raines bill, which provides that saloons shall not be open on Sunday. After six days' liquor selling, the saloonist will close his resort on Sunday in accordance with the provisions of the Raines " law," and on Monday open it again, " a self-respecting citizen; " for, has he not kept the " law " ? More than that, Has he not shown regard for a religious insti-tution ? And is he not secure under the sanction of the " law" that he has kept ? Yes; he will be a self-respecting citizen, and his saloon will, by the same token, be a respectable " resort, securely entrenched behind the Sunday-closing " law." But can the friends of temperance afford such a sacrifice ? GOOD BAPTIST (AND ADVENTIST) DOCTRINE. BY J. G. LAMSON. AN editorial in the Canadian Baptist, of February 20, relative to the Remedial Bill now engrossing the attention of the Dominion House of Commons, states very clearly some general principles upon which the AMERICAN SENTINEL has often spoken. Coming from the source it does in the present instance it is doubly agreeable; and it would hardly be out of the way perhaps to ask the Canadian Bap-tist what position it proposes to take relative to the Christianity, or the righteousness, or the lawfulness, or even the expediency, of the recent efforts to make the State enforce a dogma of the Church, as is very evidently being done in the case of the three Adventist ministers of Kent County, Ont. The editorial mentioned says:Š But as Baptists we object most strenuously to the bill because it violates the great Baptist principleŠa principle which is, we are glad to believe, now held almost or quite as firmly by many churches and in-dividuals of other evangelical denominationsŠthat the State has no right and no mission to interfere in matters within the domain of the Church, and the Church no right to interfere in those within the do-main of the State. This principle is violated when-ever the State legislates, or bestows funds which are taken from the whole people by taxation, in aid of any work of any church or denomination. It is equally violated when the State hands over to the control of a particular church the administration of any function or trust which belongs to the government as the serv-ant of the whole people. This principle, which is constantly winning wider 