100113420410101!,  312 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 39. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 6, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving THE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE Snkrraum, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE following letter to one of the edi-tors of this paper will explain itself :Š Paris, Henry Co., Tenn., Sept. 28, 1892. MR. C. P. BOLLMANŠDear Brother: There are eighteen of us from Springville summoned here to-day that indictments may be found against our brethren for working on Sunday. That is the main question. They even ask about the women. May the Lord help us to stand firm. Pray for us. J. F. Finch. Š0Š THE readers of THE SENTINEL will re-member that it was in Henry County that four men were imprisoned not long since, and three of them worked in the chain-gang, for Sunday work, or rather for Sabbath rest, since only Sabbath keepers were prosecuted. May God sustain these poor people as they suffer persecution for conscience' sake. Š0Š THESE people are charged with main-taining a nuisance by their Sunday work, yet in this instance, as also in the other cases referred to, the evidence against them is wrung from their brethren in the church. In the present case, mere boys have been summoned before the Grand Jury and will in all probability be required to testify against their parents, possibly their own mothers. And this in a so-called Christian land! How long, 0 Lord, how long! ANOTHER letter letter from Henry County contains some additional information:Š Springville, Tenn., Sept. 29. MR. C. P. BOLLMANŠDear Brother: The Circuit Court is now in session, and six members of the Springville church were before the Grand Jury yesterday, and six of our neighbors not members of the church, for the purpose of finding bills against the Seventh-day Adventists of this place. They are very sharp this time. They had three of Brother Ward's boys in order to get him ; and one of Brother Moon's boys in order to get him again; and my father and father-in-law in order to get me again. We think that at least six of us are indicted, but do not know for sure. The State's attorney asked some of our brethren such questions as these:Š "Were you at the first neeting that John Dortch attended when he returned home ?" "Did he exhort his brethren to stick to their faith and violate the law ? " Yours, W. S. LOWRY. Š0Š IN order that those not familiar with the facts may understand this letter, it may not be amiss to explain that " Brother Ward" is the man who was indicted be- fore but was not convicted. " Brother Moon," is deacon of the Springville church, and was convicted and served out his sentence, part of it in the chain-gang. " John Dortch " is one of the elders of the church; he was convicted last June of Sunday work and was imprisoned, but not as long as the others, having property which was sold to pay part of the costs in his case. The writer of the letter, W. S. Lowry, is also an elder of the church, and was convicted in June and worked out his fine and costs in the chain-gang. Did the Spanish Inquisition ever do worse than invade families and churches and wring from unwilling witnesses things said and done in the privacy of the fam-ily, and in the sacred precincts of the church ? Š0Š FRIDAY evening, September 23, there was held in Calvary Baptist Church, this city, a mass-meeting "to give expression to the approval with which Christian people everywhere received the action of Congress in regard to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair." It was presided over by Col. Elliott F. Shepard, the presi-dent of the American Sabbath Union. Š0Š THE meeting was called a "mass-meet-ing," but it was such only in the sense that the public was invited and that it was not a deliberative body. The masses were not present. Not over three hun-dred persons attended, and insipid speeches were made to a small and listless au-dience. Not the slightest sign of either approval or dissent greeted Colonel Shep-ard's review of the part the American Sabbath Union had acted in "compelling Congress," as the Examiner (Baptist) puts it, " to make the appropriation of $2, 500,000 conditioned on the observance of the Christian Sabbath." Š0-- THE other speakers fared a little better than did Colonel Shepard, for at the proper places he himself applauded, and his example was of course followed by others, but not with that abandon of en-thusiasm common to mass-meetings. In-deed there was little said that was worthy of applause even from the standpoint of the Sunday-law advocates. Of the " argu-ments " advanced, the Examiner says :Š Their value in the present instance was largely due to the personality of the men who uttered them. This from a friend of the meeting and of the movement in the interests of which the meeting was held, can not be regarded as a compliment. Ł A CORRESPONDENT writes us from Ra-cine, Wis., that on the 21st of August the ministers of that city held a meeting pro-fessedly in the interests of temperance, in the course of which Rev. Dr. Roberts, of the Welch Presbyterian Church, said in substance, that the churches were to  give the people religion, but that they need the civil government to help them in their efforts. What they could not do with religion to reform the people the civil officers could and should do with clubs and imprisonment. The Doctor justified his position by an appeal to the stoning of the man in the wilderness who gathered sticks on the Sabbath day. His speech was simply another evidence of the persecuting spirit of the Sunday law ad-vocates. They would persecute to the death if they had the power, and blindly imagine the while that they were doing God service. Š0-- COMMENTING on an arraignment of Sunday laws as un-American and oppres-sive, the Syracuse Times says :Š Nevertheless these un-American and oppressive laws exist. They will increase and multiply. It is high time that all who understand their oppres-siveness and unrighteousness condemn them as emphatically as this. They ought to be repealed. Why are they not, why will they not be repealed ? They will not be repealed because in-stead of growing better and coming more into harmony with the principles of the gospel of Christ, " evil men and seducers" will " wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived." Freedom of con-science has reached high-water mark in the history of this world, and already the ebb has begun. History is repeating it-self, and the sure word of prophecy is being fulfilled. Š0Š CHICAGO is making an effort to secure the repeal of the act conditioning the national appropriation for the World's Fair on the Sunday closing of the Exhibi-tion.. This the Mail and Express calls " Chicago's breach of faith." It is all right for the American Sabbath Union to petition, and intimidate by threats of political boycott, for the purpose of secur-ing Sunday closing, but it is bad faith for anybody to oppose them and to simply ex-ercise the right of petition in behalf of an open Fair ! Was there ever a more arro-gant assumption ? THE Chicago Times sees grave danger in National Sunday legislation. "The question," says the Times, "is more im-portant than may be supposed. The Sun-day persecutions in Tennessee would be extended elsewhere if the Sunday-law ad-vocates have their way." The Times is quite right. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fadt. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one‚  address, per year, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " - - - 80c. 100 to 249 " " " .. - - 75c. it 250 to 499 " " " 0 " - - - 70c. 500 to 999 " " " it . - 65c. 1000 or more " l4 0 " ŁŁ - .- 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond street, New York City. 