AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 713 of its citizens, under the guidance of the spiritual agen-cies by which each one finds himself surrounded. Such a course on the part of the government is both consistent and proper. On, well, what is the use of making so much out of a matter that doesn't amount to anything anyway, since it is only a matter of form and custom? But let it also be asked, Why affix the signature of the president and the seal of the United States to a dakment that amounts to nothing? Why make the government ridiculous by making it party to a farce? What a government like the United States does ought to amount to something, and, as a matter of fact, it does amount to a good deal in the matter under consideration. The truth of this may be-come more apparent later on. ARCHBISHOP HENNESSY, of Dubuque, Ia , in a recent interview accorded an observer of the seventh day, gave this reason for the apparent lack of interest on the part of the papacy in the much-talked-of project of uniting-the Protestant churches:Š "The Catholics are apparently doing nothing to hasten this union, for this reason : If you had several chairs in a row, it would be much easier to pull them around if they were all fastened together than if you had a cord to each chair and had to pull each separately; so when the Protestants all become united, it will be easier to unite them to the mother church than to bring them one at a time." Resolutions Condemning State Religion. Am a meeting of the Secular League of Washington, D. C., held in that city November 7, the following resolu-tions were adopted, which, as a whole, are worthy of ap-proving note:Š "ResolvedŠThat the Secular League of Washington has for its chief purposes the promotion of right living and high thinking, the protection of the rights of con-science and the maintenance of a total separation between religion and the government. "That we welcom a to our weekly meetings all persons of all creeds whatsoever, and that we invite to member-ship, without regard to sectarian affiliations, all persons who believe in the absolute separation of church and state. "That we sympathize with the Methodists in their present efforts to prevent the establishment of a church State in UtahŠa measure which would result in religious persecution. "That we assure the newsboys of Washington of our cordial sympathy in their struggle for the maintenance of their rights; that we extend our sincere condolence to the Adventists, Seventh-day Baptists, Hebrews, and others, who, in many States of this union, are subjected to fines and imprisonment, and otherwise persecuted, under penal laws, for not upholding the first day of the week as essentially and intrinsically holier and more  sacred than other days, and we denounce such laws as blots on American civilization. "That we pledge ourselves to the support of an amendment to the National Constitution prohibiting the States from presenting or requiring religious tests for office; from creating State churches; from supporting religious institutions by direct tax or by exempting church property, and from appropriating money for sec-tarian schools or charities." AT a mass meeting, held last month in Berlin, Mass., to promote the cause of compulsory Sunday observance in that State, it was resolved that,Š "Forasmuch as Sunday work is opposed to the laws of God and this commonwealth, as well as injurious to the health and morals of the workingmen, we, the citizens of Berlin, assembled in the Clement Opera House on Oct. 20,1897, do hereby protest against the same as pra eticed in certain mills in this city. "We respectfully request the owners and superintend-ents of said mills to discontinue unnecessary work in their mills. "In case of refusal to do so, we ask the city officials to see that the Sunday laws of this commonwealth are enforced. "We appoint the clergy of the city to act as a com-mittee to carry out the suggestions of these resolutions, to issue calls for future public meetings, and to organize a local Sunday protective league if it seems advisable." The only trouble with this resolution is that it makes a wrong start. The assumption that Sunday work is opposed to the laws of God, is wide of the truth, and hence is altogether devoid of force. And even if it were true, it would furnish no warrant for compulsory inter-ference with any person's practice in that respect. Any sin is contrary to the law of God, but it is vain to pro-hibit sin by human enactments. But if there were any force in the alleged fact, as a proper basis for Sunday legislation, it would be alto-gether superfluous to add that Sunday work is opposed to the laws of the commonwealth. The laws of the com-monwealth can add nothing to the sinfulness of a prac-tice which is contrary to the law of God. And as regards the health and morals of the working-men, there is nothing to show that Sunday work injures them more than does Monday work, or work on any other day. If it be injurious to health to work seven days in the week, this is no reason for putting the blame of it all upon the work done on Sunday. From a health standpoint, a rest on any one day of the weekŁis just as valuable as a rest on any other day. Nor is there any proof that Sunday work is necessa-rily injurious to morals. A. man's practice is determined by the state of his morals and not the state of his morals by his practice. "Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh." And any person who does not believe in Sunday as a day of obligatory rest, cannot become one whit less moral by regularly working upon that day. 