THE AMERICAN  189 an- increasing desire to legislate for the mortal= good of= the people, and I cannot doubt that in the sphere of practical life the two organismsŠa church thoroughly nationalized and a nation thoroughly ChristianizedŠwill blend together to be the first-fruits of the new earth wherein dwelleth righteousness." Now all this sounds very well, but there are some things worthy of consideration in this connection. 1. The Christianity of to-day is no more the Christianity of the Bible, than was the Christianity of the third and fourth century. Yet out of those centuries came the worst system of iniquity which ever cursed the world. Yet this system recognized God in the Government, and was used for the conser-vation of what was then considered vital to Christianity. Was the union of relig-ion and the State durixg the Dark Ages a friertd to progress ? 2. Pure Christianity, that of the Bible, will never form a union with the:World, nor with worldly powers. 3. ". A church thoroughly nationalized " is a sPiritual harlot according to the word of God; and a "nation thoroughly Chris-tianized," as far as the aegis of law can make it so is but a repetition of- the Dark Ages. A true Christian nation will be seen only when Christ deStroys the na-tional governments of earth and reigns in glory over a people redeemed by grace, not law.ŠSigns of the Times. The Free Exercise of Religion. THE following is an extract from a speech delivered by the editor of this paper before the House Committee on the Dis-trict of Columbia, February 18, 1890:Š There is another consideration in this which shows that the State will be com-pelled to take official and judicial cogni-zance of the conscientious beliefs and observances of the people. It is this : When a law is enacted compelling every-body to refrain from all labor or business on Sunday, excepting those who conscien-tiously believe in and observe another day, then there will be scores of men who know that in their businessŠsaloons, for instanceŠthey can make more money by keeping their places of business open on Sunday than on another day, because more men are idle that day: They will therefore profess to observe another day and run their business on Sunday. This is net simply a theory, it is a fact proved by 'actual examples. One of the very lat-est I will' mention. I have here a clipping from the Southern Sentinel, of Dallas, Texas, February 4, 1890, which I read :Š Right here in Dallas we have an example of how the law can be evaded. Parties have leased the bill-iard hall of the new McLeod Hotel, and have stipu-lated in their lease that they are conscientious ob-servers of the seventh day [though to the best of the common knowledge and belief they are not] : that, in Consequence, their businessŁ house will be closed on Satnrday, and will be open on Sunday. Mr. GroutŠIf they are known not to be conscientious worshipers, and keepers of the seventh-day Sabbath, what defense would they have ? Mr. JonesŠThe defense would still be a claim of " conscientious belief in, and ob-servance of, another day." The claim in-deed might not be sincere. And if there were any question of it in the community, it would certainly be disputed and the court would be called upon to decide. Thus you see that by this bill the United States courts will be driven to the contem-plation of conscientious convictions and compelled to decide upon the sincerity of conscientious beliefs and observances. And thereby it is proved that the intro-duction and advocacy of this bill is an endeavor to commit Congress and the Government of the United States to the supervision of the conscientious convic-tions of the people. Now, gentlemen, to prevent this was the very purpose of the First Amendment to the Constitution. It is well known, as I have stated, that the Colonies which formed the original thirteen States had each one an established religion. When it was proposed to organize a Federal Gov-ernment, the strongest influence that had to be met and overcome was jealousy of a national powerŠa fear that a national power would override the powers and in-terfere with the domestic affairs of the States. It was this that caused the adop-tion of the First Amendment to the Con-stitution. Their affairs of religion and the exercise thereof being the dearest of all, are first assured protection. Fearing that the national government might enact laws which would restrict or prohibit the free exercise of the religion of any of the people of the States; or that it might adopt or indorse some one of the religious estab-lishments of the States, and thus form an alliance which might annihilate both polit-ical and religious individuality; that the political individuality of the States and the religious individuality of the people might be free; for themselves and their posterity the people declared that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." It is not to be inquired whether there was any danger of that which they feared, they feared it and that is enough. And because they feared it, because they were so jealousŠrightly jealous tooŠof their religious rights and conscientious convic-tions, they guarded these, as they in-tended and supposed, forever, from any supervision or cognizance whatever on the part of the national Government. And upon this I quote now more fully the words of Bancroft, to which I merely re-ferred a little while ago :Š Vindicating the right of individuality even in re-ligion, and in religion above all, the new Nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea.  It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, with-held from the Federal Government the power to in-vade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul ; and, not from indifference, but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom of purity and power. Š History of the Formation of the Constitution, Book V, chapter I. Thus says the historian, there is by the Constitution "perfect individuality ex-tended to conscience." This individuality, these rights, are as dear to us and as sa-cred as they were to the fathers of our Nation, yet no more so to us than to other people. Therefore, gentlemen of the com-mittee and the representatives of the peo-ple, by your respect for the Constitution and your oath to support it, and in behalf of the sacred rights of all the people, we implore you to give no heed to any de-mand for legislation, which in any way, to the least degree, proposes to touch the conscientious beliefs or observances of a solitary individual in all the land; give no heed to this bill, which in its very terms, proposes to commit Congress to the supervision of conscientious beliefs, and proposes to drive the national power into a field where the makers of that power forbade it to go, and to compel it to as-sume jurisdiction of questions which they have forbidden it even to consider. Now, as to the petitionŠtheir petition I mean (our petition is all right, that needs no defense), the petition which the other side is circulatingŠthat petition shows what this bill means. Both this bill and the Senate bill, " which includes this," were framed and introduced upon this petition. If we know what the peti-tion asks for, we shall know also what the bills are intended to give. Here is the petitionŠI read the one for the national law, " which includes this." To the House of Representatives of the United States:Š The undersigned organizations and adult residents (21 years of age or more) of the United States hereby earnestly petition your honorable body to pass a bill forbidding in the United States mail and mili-tary service, and in interstate commerce, and in the District of Columbia and the Territories, all Sunday traffic and work, except works of religion. The question then which would inevit-ably arise upon this is, What religion is it whose works of religion only shall be excepted ? That question would have to be answered. It would have to be an-swered by the United States courts or by Congress. But whenever, or by which-ever, it shall be answered, when it is an-swered, that moment you have an estab-lished religionŠa union of Church and State. You cannot go back if you take the first step. The last step is in the first one, and we beg of you, gentlemen of the committee, and of these men themselves, for their own sakes as well as ours, do not take the first step. We all know that the most wickedly cruel and most mercilessly inconsiderate of all governments is that in which the ecclesi- 