\'\ Ł 'Ł\`\ \Ł\*., ‚sk " Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY, 1886. NUMBER 7. 4I2e An2elqoar2 ZeOir221. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Post-effiee in Oakland. IN the gloomy years 'that followed the Revo-lution, the Episcopal Church continued pros-trate, and felt the loss of her establishment most severely. Then did it seem as if nothing short of her utter ruin would satisfy the resent-ment of her enemies. She had, indeed, in the day of her power, been exclusive, domineering, and persecuting; her own sins had brought upon her this severe visitation. From her case, as well as from all past experience, persecuting churches should learn that a church that op-presses will one day be herself oppressed, and most likely by those on whose neck she had placed her foot.ŠBaird. IN the Canonsburg Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union National Reform Convention, Rev. D. S. Littell, of Cloakey, Pa., delivered an address on " The Relation of Civil Govern-ment to Christ," in which, says the report:Š " Ile ably argued that it was the duty of civil government to enforce the will of Christ so far as that will has reference to the outward conduct of the individual. So far as that will pertains to the heart and inner feelings, it is the business of the Church to see to its enforce-ment, the Church' and the State being Christ's two arms for carrying out his will."ŠChristian Statesman June 3, 1886, p 7. Now baptism is an essential part of the out-ward conduct of the individual in ‚performing the will of Christ. Therefore, according to this able argument, it is the duty of civil gov-ernment to enforce baptism. Will these worthy missionaries be as generous in this matter as was their great prototype, Constantine, who gave a -white garment and twenty pieces of gold to every convert? or will they employ the converting power of Charlemagne, and " wipe out " all who will not be so " Christianized." Again the Lord's Supper is a part of the will of Christ that " has reference to the outward conduct of the individual." Therefore, it is the duty of the civil government to enforce the observance of the Lord's Supper! In this, will the National Reform hierarchy follow the ex- ample of its papal predecessors? If not, why not? If the success of Mr. Littell's "ably ar-gued" doctrine would not be the union of Church and State, can anybody tell what would by such a anion ? A Characteristic Expression. "Buy. M. A. GAULT," a constant contributor to the Christian Statesman, speaks as follows in thakpaper:Š " The individual may confess Christ through motives of hypocrisy, but not so of the nation. Such a confession in its Constitution can only be made through the prevailing sentiment of the nation. And, therefore, as true conversion in the individual, so this amendment in our National Constitution includes the triumph of every moral reform." This is, in every respect, a most singular ex-pression, but just such as we might expect from the "National Reformers." It is the very op-posite of everything that is reasonable on the subject. Even the confessions of" Reformers " themselves show its inconsistency. There may be many reasons for people voting for the amend- ment who have no conscientious regard for Christianity. Dr. Browne, in the Pittsburg Na-tional Convention of 1874, spoke as follows:Š " There is no more persistent man alive than the typical representative American office-seeker. Of that class, the most of those who have not yet found whether they are for Christ or not, or who are openly decrying this move-ment, are ready to be its firm friends as soon as they acquire wisdom to discern the signs of the times, and are assured oi its speedy suc-cess. They may pull back now at the hind axle, or scotch the wheels oi the car of prog-ress; but when they see it Move, they will quickly jump in to get front seats, and avow that they always thought it was a good thing.'" etc. Yes, any prospect or promise of success will insure their hearty co-operation, if there is to them any hope of selfish gain in the way of office. This will be the necessary result of the success of this boasted " reform; " it will attract all the old political hacks to its side, with the understanding that they must profess their ad-herence to Christianity in order to have any show for office. This result we have pointed out from the beginning of the movement; it will serve to set a premium upon hypocrisy, for the greatest demagogue will, under such cir-cumstances, make the strongest profession and the longest prayers. And it must be remem-bered that the vote of each one of these time- serving hypocrites would bave the same weight and influence toward " Christianizing " our na-tion that the vote of Rev. Mr. Gault himself would have. And yet he dares to assert that the religious profession of the nation would be free from the uncertainties or the liability to hypocrisy that attends an individual profession! In the same convention in which Dr. Browne outlined the course of office-seekers in relation  to the proposed amendment, Dr. Hays spoke to the same point. He said, when the masses be-gin to move, " hundreds of politicians who would not for the world commit themselves to it now, will bawl themselves hoarse in applause, and swear they knew it would be so, and were on that side from the beginning." Thus do the " Reformers " themselves recog-nize the fact that the ambitious, the selfish, the hypocritical politicians will give their adherence to their movement for the sake of worldly gain. And yet again they will assert that in carrying this amendment into effect there will be none of the " motives of hypocrisy " which may at-tend individual confessions of Christianity! We can hardly give them credit for being de- ceived in a matter so plainly to be seen by all. The' Lansing, Mich., State Republican gave a very truthful representation of the case when it said: " Thousands of men, if called upon to vote for such an amendment, would hesitate to vote against God, although they might not be-lieve that the amendment is necessary, or that it is right; . . . such an amendment would be likely to receive an affirmative vote which would by no means indicate the true sentiment of the people. . , . Men who make politics a trade would hesitate to record their names against the proposed Constitutional Amend-ment, advocated by the great religious denom-inations of the land, and indorsed by such men as Bishop Simpson, Bishop McIlvaine, Bishop Eastburn, President Finney, Professor Lewis, Professor Seelye, Bishop Huntington, Bishop Kerfoot, Dr. Patterson, Dr. Cuyler, and many other divines who are the representative men of their respective denominations." The editor of the Cincinnati Gazette is a Christian, and a man of acknowledged ability. In speaking on the subject of the amendment he said:Š "The Government will continue to be ad-ministered by men of ordinary passions, such as are elected by the average intelligence and virtue, and the average ignorance and cor-ruption of the voting population. Vicious-ness, and ignorance, and corruption will con-tinue to be powers in the body politic the same as before, and these will continue to elect legis-lators, executives, and judges of their own sort." And such will be the millennium of the Na- tional Reformers. No thoughtful and candid person will deny that these statements are rea- sonable and just, and they are also justified by the admissions of Doctors Browne and Hays. Again, the absurdity of the remarks of Mr. Gault is shown in this: The majority of the voters of the United States is composed of peo- ple who are irreligious or indifferent to religion, 