240 A.MiErta CAIN" SENT'INITE,0 VoL. 10, No. 30. NEW Y mac, JULY 25, -1895. rir" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. NATIONAL REFORMERS and many other pro-fessed Protestants are laboring to amend the National Constitution so that it shall expressly recognize Jesus Christ as the Sovereign of this nation. To all such we recommend the care-ful reading of the editorial from the Western Watchman, on page 235. Be it remembered that these National Re-formers have petitioned Roman Catholics to aid them in overthrowing the " atheistical " Constitution of the United States, and in building one that should recognize Jesus Christ as the Sovereign Ruler, of the United States. When the Roman Catholics have gotten the same control in this country that they now have in South America, these National Re-formers will have no one to blame but them-selves if the Roman Catholics attempt to com-pel them to bow down to a bread-god sov-ereign as they are now doing with Protestants in Ecuador. NOT long since, a Methodist Minister and editor in Brazil was persecuted by Roman Catholics because he failed to bow to the " host" which was being carried in procession On the streets. The AMERICAN SENTINEL joins with Methodists in condemning- this per-secution. Seventh-day Adventists are perse-cuted in Tennessee, Maryland and other States, in some cases by Methodists, because they re-fuse to bow to laws enacted to compel the rec-ognition of Sunday as the sabbath. The Roman Catholic believes that the consecrated bread is- the real Christ. Methodists believe it is a false Christ. Methodists believe that Sunday is the, real Sabbath., Seventh-day Adventists believe, it is a false sabbath. There is absolutely no difference between an attempt on the- part of Roman. Catholics to compel Methodists to act as if they regarded a portion of bread as holy, and an attempt on the part of Methodists to compel Seventh-day Advent-ists to act as if they regarded a certain por- tion of time as holy. ' Seventh-day AdventiSts condemn the former as persecution. Will the Methodists condemn the latter as persecution? SOME one,_ signing himself "M.," has con-tributed an article to the' Dickson, (Tenn.) Enterprise, in which he attempts to break the force of biblical precedents for violating bad law,-  cited by the Adventists. He says :Š Ah, well, say they, if the civil confliCts with the divine, then it is our Christian duty to obey God rather than man. We admit this proposition to be true in the abstract, and here lies the danger of de-ceiving the simple-minded. It is a `-` catchy " phrase. But who is to construe the law ? WhO says our Sun-day statutes conflict with God's law ? Whose opinion shall prevail, those of a handful of fanatics, or the combined intelligence and morality of the Christian world ? What an argument! Do' majorities infalli- bly decide what is and what is not in conflict with God's law? If so, all the martyrs were fanatics who should have gracefully submitted to the majority, rather than court persecution by acting contrary to the " combined intelli-gence" of the ruling- majority. Our readers will be the more surprised, when we inform them that this man is master in chancery and a Presbyterian. Sufferings -of Presbyterian martyrs! Think of a Presbyterian, whose ancestors,Šonly a " handful," so bravely and persistently violated the statutes enacted and enforced by the " combined intelligence and morality of the Christian world"Šthe papacy, pleading majorities! If majorities are to decide questions of conscience, then Romanism was right in persecuting Presbyterians in days gone by, and is right now in persecuting Prot-estants in Roman Catholic countries. And now that the reader may refresh him-self with a courageous, consistent, Christian utterance on these Tennessee persecutions, let him turn and read the letter from a Baptist minister on page 235. WITH THE CHAIN-GANG. THE following communications, the first from N. B. England, whose defense is printed in this issue, and the other from W. S. Bur-chard, one of the convicted men, will interest our readers:Š " Graysville, Tenn., July 16, 1895. " EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINELŠDear Sirs: Rhea County, Tenn., continues to make itself notorious by persecuting Seventh-day Advent-ists. It has not worked its prisoners on the roads for years. I am informed that it tried it once and found that it did not pay and abandoned. it. But since eight' Seventh-day Adventists were convicted last court for the awful crime of keeping the seventh day as the Sabbath according to the Bible (I suppose that must be the offense, as hundreds of others work every Sunday in this county and are, not molested), it seems they could not- endure to see them lying around-in jail. So they estab-lished a temporary workhouse and 'put them in the chain-gang to work. The authorities started with them to Spring City, eighteen miles north of Dayton, the county seat, this morning. I have not yet learned whether or not they put the ball and chain on them, but I hardly think they will. I am glad to mention that quite a number of the good cit-izens of Dayton and surrounding country are opposed to the whole proceeding, but it seems they could not prevent it. How long will the citizens of Tennessee carry on this diabolical business? how long? " N. B. ENGLAND." " Rhea County Workhouse, " Spring City, Tenn., July 16, 1895. " A. F. BALLENGER, 43 Bond St., New York. " Dear Brother : We were'moved from, Day-ton jail to this place to-day in two heavy wag-onsŠeighteen prisoners. We left Dayton at 8.45 A. M., and arrived here about 3 o'clock,Šdeputy sheriff James Howard and John Brown guarding with a double-barreled  shot-gun and pistols, though they were not afraid of us. They handcuffed only four Of the prisoners. I think they will- -be-:kind to us. My fine and costs are $20.15 or about fifty and a half days. " They put us to filling straw beds and making tables, etc. We had cabbage, onions, and bread and sugar for supper, but will have better, perhaps, in a few days. They aim to put to - work about a bridge in the morn-ing. They brought 'balls and chains with them, but they will not put them on us, though we will work with those that Will be chained. " We are as happy as anybody in the world, and have nothing to fear, for the Lord is our God. ' When a man's ways please the Lord, he will make even his enemies to be at peace with hini.' In haate. - " Your brother in Christ, " W. S. BUROHARD, " Spring City, Tenn. " Care of Workhouse. " P. S.ŠI have just found out the amount of cost and fine that each of us- has to work out. This does not include the State ,and county tax, which is $10 in each case, and re-mains a debt against us:Š " W. S. Burchard, $20.15. " J. M. Hall, $21.20. " W. J. Kerr, $20.90. " H. C. Leach, $19.80. " Monroe A. Morgan, $20.20. " C. H. Moyers, $17.30. Byrd Terry, $19.70. " D. C. Plumb, $24.80. " Allen Cathey (1st case), $19.70. " " " (2nd case), $21.95. " We are in a two-story house. We have our room downstairs; they have old wagon tires fastened in the windows upstairs to keep the wild prisoners in. " Spring City is about fifty-five miles north:  of Chattanooga and two hundred and seventy', nine miles south of- Cincinnati on the C. N. 0. & T. P. Railway, near the foot of Wal-: den's Ridge, a chain of the Cumberland Moun-tains. " Perhaps you can get some information from this scribbling, so,' will close for thisi evening. B." THE orders for the SENTINEL of July 18 (No. 29) have come so rapidly that we have,  been slightly delayed in filling orders promptly, although one, and a -part of the time two, great- Miehle Presses have printed the paper at the rate of fifteen hundred an hour. After a week's run we are now in a position to fur-nish papers promptly. This issue will not be out of date for some time, but the sooner cir-culated the better. ,One dollar per hundred; eight dollars per thousand. A CORRECTION. IN our issue of July 4 we referred to Robert Baird as "the Baptist historian." This is a mistake; Robert Baird was a Presbyterian. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the ,defense of liberty' of conscience, and-  is therefOre uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward -a union of Church and State, : either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year,, - - - Address, - AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, NeW York City- 