01" 01.1111Wp11111141[1 4 [1, P.:11,...ka1211 111.-11.131111111111_ jUll11.11111 Now [To be hung on the breast of every one who buys postage stamps, provisions, cigars, clothing, or what not, on the Sabbath.] elf is h. 2 CO CO hiftlessi: REST AND LET REST ON THE REST DAY. [OVER.] Equal and exact justice to all nlerl, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas leferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, MARCH 6, 1890. NUMBER 10. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. No 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER AND A. T. JONES. WE present herewith a fac-simile of page 26 of the latest document issued by the American Sabbath Union. The document as a whole comprises 126 pages, and is entitled " Addresses on the Civil Sabbath, from a Patriotic and Humanitarian Standpoint," by Wilbur F. Crafts. It is not at all difficult to discern the handicraft of the author in the matter of which this is a fac-simile. Please observe that the impression which is plainly conveyed is, not that it should be or that it ought to be, but that it is " To be hung on the breast of every person who buys postage stamps, provisions, cigars, clothing, or what not," on Sunday. At this rate how long will it be before they will be proposing to paint hobgoblins and devils upon the hats and garments, and to brand with the letter 8 the fore-heads, of those who do not keep Sunday? Neither the spirit nor the principle of this proposal is removed a single degree from that which did paint such devides upon the garments, and brand the fore-heads; of people, in times past. And we should like for the author of this production to point out where in this proposal there is a particle of either patriotism or humanity. And the libelous thing is for sale by the hundred ! I And why for sale unless it is expected that they will be used ? And how can it be expected that they will be used, unless it is first presumed that the American peo-ple are of so loathsome a disposition as willingly to engage in such an infamous undertaking ? Such a presumption is an open insult to the civili-zation, and a cruel outrage upon the Christian senti-ment, of the American people. And the effect of it ought to be to arouse such a degree of righteous indignation as to consign the Sunday-law movement to the everlasting infamy which this badge shows that it deserves. Fac-Simile of Pa :se 26 of the Latest Sunday-law Document Issued by the American Sabbath Union. SABBATH REFORM LIBRARY, Vol. I, No. 5, JAN. 16, 1890. Issued quarterly and semi-weekly, by AUTHORS' PUBLISHING CO:,, 150 Nassau St., N. } WILBUR F.; CRAFTS. Editor: 400"pp. per year. Subscription price, 75c. This 2 page number; 25d. per 100 Entered in N, Y P, 0. as second class 'natter, 