Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas y'efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 17, 1889. NUMBER 25. `117-12e An2eFical2 lei ii e1. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS, PUBLISHING COMPANY. No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. A FEARFUL fallacy runs all through the " Na-tional Reform" movementŠ a fallacy that has lighted all the fires of persecution of the awful past. God save America from the fanaticism of these new leaders, who are again trying to unite Cwsar and Christ. Our fathers builded wisely when they gave us,,a purely secular Constitution. Baptists should awake to the danger in the so-called "re-form."Š C. B. W. Dobbs, in Journal and Messen-ger (Baptist), Cincinnati. THE Kansas City ministers hesitate. When Mr. Crafts was in that city a few weeks ago, he appeared before the Ministers' Alliance and gave a detailed account of the workings of the National Reform Association in this country. The Sedalia Gazette says: "A motion was made to adopt measures to aid in carrying out the ideas of the association, and the motion carried, but was recon-sidered after the reflection that it was well enough for the preachers to be individually interested in the movement, but not as a body." MR. CRAFTS always speaks of minorities in the most contemptible manner. He never deigns to accord them any rights whateverŠif they happen to be opposed to his Sunday Government scheme. On his own theory, he ought to stop his clamoring for legislation to bind the consciences of the ma-jority, which he knows is against this tyrannical work. But this utter contempt for the rights of opponents, be they many or few, shows the char-acter of the Government we shall have when the National Reformers shall have become successful. .- Ł  4. NICARAGUA is a National Reform country, that is, it is afflicted with a union of Church and State. But for a few years past a national ref-ormation has been in progress, and the little republic, occupying a conspicuous place on the connecting link between the Americas, aspires to real civilization and real nationship. An en-terprising spirit has been engendered among the people, and improvement is the order of the day. However, in the effort to rise to a higher rank among the Nations of earth, the Church and State incubus proves to be a real clog; and an effort to sever the unrepublican alliance is being ,Made. We. hope the effort will be successful.  But what a contrast is here presented with the so-called National Reform sought in the United States! The leaders of the one are moving heaven and earth to drag this country into the same mire of church domination from which the other is striving to become extricated. Mr. Crafts and the Petitioners Again. IN the Christian Statesman of May 30, Mr. Crafts has a long article concerning the petitions against a National Sunday law. We have al-ready noticed at some length, in the AMERICAN SENTINEL, the statements that Mr. Crafts has made in his speeches, but inasmuch as he keeps reiterating them, we can do no less than' follow him up. He says of the counter-petition that it "would be unworthy of the attention of the relig-ious press, but for the fact that in many cases it has deceived the very elect." We wish to no-tice first his charge of deception. The petition which he says deceives the people, reads as fol-lows:Š " We, the undersigned, adult residents of the United States, 21 years of age or more, hereby respect-fully, but earnestly, petition your honorable body not to pass any bill in regard to the observance of the Sabbath, or Lord's day, or any other religious or ec-clesiastical institution or rite; nor to favor in any way the adoption of any resolution for the Amend-ment of the National Constitution that would in any way tend, either directly or indirectly, to give prefer-ence to the principles of any religion, or of any relig-ious body above another, or that will in any way sanc-tion legislation upon the subject of religion, but that the total separation between religion and State, as-sured by the National Constitution as it now is, may forever remain as our fathers established it." We cannot see what there is about this that would deceive anybody. All there is to it is stated plainly on the face of it. It asks nothing more nor less than that Congres; shall not enact any Sunday laws, nor indulge in any kind of relig-ious legislation, nor favor any amendment of the Constitution that would in any way discriminate in matters of religion. Those who are opposed to such legislation, and who believe that it will work disastrously, sign the petition. Those who want religious legislation, and who favor action tending toward a union of Church and State, are naturally opposed to the petition. That is all there is to it. But Mr. Crafts says:Š " The counter-petition is not technically a false-hood, but it is certainly calculated to give the false impression that the petition which millions of us have been urging before the National Congress, in-cludes a proposition to enforce Sabbath observance as a religious or ecclesiastical institution or rite, and also a proposition to weaken the present guarantees of our Constitution against a union of Church and State." But the counter-petition makes no reference whatever to the petition which Mr. Crafts is cir-culating. It says nothing about it. It does not even imply that such a petition is being circa.  lated. It makes no reference to any action that has been taken or that is being taken. It simply asks Congress not to do a certain thing. It asks Congress to secure the maintenance of the separa-tion between religion and the State just as it was provided by the men who framed the Constitu-tion. Mr. Crafts thinks that this is aimed at his petition. If that is what he is working for, then this counter-petition is against it; but if he is op-posed to a union of Church and State, as he would have us believe, then the petition does not affect him or his work in the least. But it will be urged that the petition requests Congress not to pass any law in favor of the Lord's day ; and Mr. Crafts says that it conveys the false impression that the American Sabbath Union includes a proposition to enforce Sabbath observance as a religious ordinance. But the Sabbath is solely a religious ordinance, and if Sabbath observance be enjoined, it cannot be en-joined in any other way than as a religious or-dinance; and Mr. Crafts said so in his speech be-fore the general assembly of the Knights of La-bor, which we have referred to many times. Ile stated that Sunday rest could not be secured ex-cept on the basis of moral obligation. The Rev. Dr. Sunderland, who is one of the leading spirits in this Sunday crusade, says that it is simply im-possible to have merely a civil Sunday without the religious features. Dr. Herrick Johnson, who is another leader in the movement, says that to base the Sabbath, meaning of course Sunday laws, on mere human expediency is to base it on sand, and that while it may be proper to use the argument of expedi-ency in influencing a certain class of men, it can never be permanently kept on such a basis, and that the anchorage of this movement is in the di-vine nature of the institution. And Mr. Shep-ard, the president of the Sunday Association, says that the only object of the organization should be to preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship, and that laws framed to protect the weekly rest-day will fail to accomplish their full purpose when denied this moral basis. Therefore, from the admissions of the advocates of the Sunday law, the passage of the law would be to unite religion and the State. So that although the counter-petition mentions in particular laws ill regard to the observance of the Sabbath, it may truly be said that the only thing that the counter-petition protests against, is the union of Church and State. So then, it would not be mis-leading in the least, if it positively declared that the Sunday law petition is a movement for the union of Church and State. Here is a simple proposition that we will re-state. The counter-petition protests against a movement looking toward a union of Church and State. Mr. Crafts and his fellows say that they are strenuously opposed to any union of Church 