Ł 52 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christian unless he is in all times and places a true wit-ness for the Lord Jesus Christ." Judged by this rule, what must be thought of the propriety of calling the United States a Christian nation? Is it "a true witness for the Lord Jesus Christ" "in all times and places"? No sane person would affirm such a thing. Yet Bishop Satterlee is Ł fully assured that this nation is indeed Christian. Have the advocates of "na-tional Christianity" two standards of Christianity, one for the individual, and another for the nation? It would seem that they have. Nevertheless there is but one true standard:and by that standard no such thing as national or governmental Christianity can be pos-sible. Christianity will afit the individual, and nothing else. It must be said that Bishop Satterlee's speech did not speak well for his own knowledge of Christianity. As proof that this is a Christian country, he affirmed that it " is a country of universal suffrage," and said that by this the nation manifests its confidence in humanity, and imitates the example of Jesus Christ, for "He trusted human nature." ! What an assertion! If there was one thing Jesus Christ did not do, it was to trust human nature; and if there is one thing the follower of Christ must not do, it is this same thing. Human nature is fallen nature, and fallen nature is sinful nature,  sp sinful that it can descend to the lowest depths of wick edness. The whole mission of Jesus Christ to this earth was to replace human nature by the divine nature, in which alone any being can safely trust. To such lengths of error are men of intelligence and high church standing led in the searcb for some justifica- - tion for Sunday laws. "The highest law court in the land," the bishop con-tinned, "has decided that this is a Christian country. And the highest law in dictionary that, I know anything,  about says that Christianity is the common law in Amer-ica in every State but Louisiana." This being so, we may fairly expect, if Christianity amounts to anything, to find a wonderful difference between Louisiana and other States with-respect to the moral condition of soci-ety; since in these States all persons would be Christians except such as are lawless. It does not appear, however, by comparison with her sister States, that Louisiana suffers in the least from the failure of the common law in her domain to include Christianity. Nor does it appear that the people of those States which claim Christianity as part of their common law, however faultlessly they may observe the latter, are raised thereby one degree in spirituality above the plane of ordinary human na-ture. Coming toŁ the subject of the pending Sunday law for the District of Columbia, the bishop said:Š " Now I wish this law first of all, ladies ,and gentle-men, because first of all there is a great advantage in this" Sunday law that it is proposed to enact, it seems to me, simply because there is not a single wordŠChristian, religious wordŠin the law itself. We believe in the Peter- nal separation of Church and. State in this country. We must carefully guard that, and we must not force our opinions upon others -who have different opinionseand yet who are under the dominion of the same law. I have heard this Sunday law described within the last week bv a very prominent legislator as the most moderate law on the subject of Sunday he had ever seen in his life. Therefore it offends no prejudices; therefore all men can unite as far as that is concerned, and become at one in it. There is no place where one can insert an entering wedge. There is not a single knife edge where this ob- jection can be made. Throughout the law, from begin-ning to end, it speaks only of Sunday and the Sunday rest." It certainly would not be clear why a bishop in the church, rejoicing in the belief that this nation is Christian in character, and addressing an audience gathered for the express purpose of making the capital of the nation Christian by means of a Sunday law, should consider it a "great, advantage" in that law that it contains not one Christian or religious wordŠwere it not for his explana-tion that "we must not force our opinions upon others who have different opinions, and yet who are under the dominion of the same law." In this country, "We be-lieve in the eternal separation of Church and State:, Therefore, "we" must say "Sunday" in our Sunday bill, instead of "Christian sabbath." That makesagreat difference in the character of the bill! In other words, if "we" should force people to rest on the "Christian sabbath," that would be forcing our opin-ions upon others of diffqent belief. Hence we must only force them to rest on Sunday 1 The bishop would prevent any union of _Church and State, and any forcing of one person's opinions upon another, by disguising the means that would be used for their accomplishment ! But a thing is disguised only that it may the more surely accomplish the purpose for which it is used. And that is the case with this Sunday law. It is a religious law, disguised as completely as poAsible in order that it may, if possible, deceive Congress and commit that body to Sunday legislation. That is the "great advantage" which the bill contains. If any further proof of this were needed, it is furnished by Bishop Satterlee's own words, uttered in the same connection; for it is with this evil scheme of Church and State union as it is with murder; it "will out." And so, having called attention to the bill as one not at all reli-gious and that could not offend the prejudices of any, the bishop in the very next breath stripped the disguise completely off, by saying:Š " We are following the sample of the first law, follow-ing after the line of the first lawŠSunday law, which Dr. Elliott, who is present here this afternoon, told me to-day was ever enacted in the worldŠthat is the law of Constantine. When the Roman Empire became Chris-tianized many of its people were still heathen; and there-fore instead of saying upon the Lord's day, or upon the Sabbath day, in that law of his, it was enacted that upon the great day of the Sun no work shall be done." This is as true a statement of the purpose of the 