40 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 5. An2eFiea3 OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY 20, 1889. NomE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Examiner's Virginia correspondent, after stating that steps are being taken towards holding a State Sabbath Convention, says that "the weak point ix the Sabbath discussion seems to be in the lack of definite conviction on the part of some of the preachers. They do not appear to have reached settled views as to the Christian Sabbath." Well, if the preachers are indifferent because of a lack of settled views on the subject, why should we be censured for being opposed, when we have settled views on the subject? We don't blame them, however, for being unsettled in their views, since there is nothing to settle them. THE Christian Nation has found another ally for its theory of political religion. In its last issue it says:Š " Some ministers believe it ought to be impossible to determine from a minister's preaching what his political opinion is. We have no desire to set up a standard, but we are reminded of a true story we heard recently. A minister who belongs to this school of thought had made a statement of his belief at a public meeting. Joe Hess, ex-prize-fighter, now an evangelist, was the next speaker, and he delivered himself thus: The speaker who preceded me declares it to be wrong to speak of politics on Sunday. I want to say that when a man's politics are of such a character that he dare not speak of them on the Sabbath, I have little respect for his religion.' " National Reformers ought to be happy pow, since they have an ex-prize-fighter on their side. Who'll be the next? THE Springfield (Ill.) Journal of January 24, contained the following item :Š "Mr. Brokoski has prepared a bill in relation to Sunday closing, which he probably will intro-duce in the House to-day. It provides for the closing of all business houses, factories, and other places of employment on the first day of the week. The publication and circulation of Sunday news-papers, the running of Sunday street-cars and railroad trains, and the keeping open of drug stores exclusively for the sale of medicines, how-ever, are permitted by the provisions of the bill, but cigar and tobacco stores and barber shops are required to be closed." The Illinois Sunday Association is a very act-ive organization, and will doubtless make every effort possible for the passage of this bill, or a similar one. We shall keep the readers of the SENTINEL informed as to whatever action is taken in regard to the matter. IT is not the business of Christian missions to convert the world, that is, to lead all nations to accept of Christianity. In the divine plan, Chris-inns are to preach the gospel, to persuade men, to be the means, under God, of gathering "out of" the nations "a people for his name." Acts 15: 14. And that disciple who does this in God's way, who, aided by the Spirit, preaches the word, shows men their lost condition, instructs them in the way of life, persuades them to accept of the only Saviour; Christ Jesus, and thus is the means of saving a few souls from their sins,Šthat mis- sionary's work is a success. His mission is not a failure. The mission of Christ to Tyre and Sidon, although but one person's heart was reached, and that a poor Canaanite, was a success. Mark 7: 24-31. Paul's mission to Lystra was as much a success as it, was at Berea or Corinth. The world will not be purified of wickedness till Christ comes; it is our mission as Christians to warn and persuade men to flee from the wrath to come and to accept of Christ. And when the re-deemed are gathered "out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation," the work will be wholly a success. Christ's triumph will then be complete. WE are told by National Reformers that they do not want Church and State, but only National Christianity; that they do not want the State to enforce the tenets of any one sect, but to enforce only those principles which are common to all. Well, this is all that was done in the days of Con-stantine. There were many factions among pro-fessed Christians in his day, beside those cham-pioned by Athanasius and Arius. He did not in-corporate into the laws the peculiar tenets of any faction, but assembled all the bishops, and adopted that upon which they all agreed. He simply en-forced the principles of the Christian religion, as enunciated by the majority of the bishops. Yet everybody points to Constantine's action as the great union of Church and State. National Re-formers want the same thing done again. As his action resulted in the establishment of the Papacy, so their action will result in something exactly li)ke the Papacy. THE National Reformers claim that they do not want any union of Church and State, and then they give their definition of Church and State union. They say that if the State should single out any demonination and enforce its tenets, that would be a union of Church and State. They indignantly deny that their proposal to unite Christianity and the State is anything like Church and State union. But if they were talking on re-ligion alone, they would accuse anyone of bigotry who should single out any demonination, and should say that it was the church. They would claim that the Church of Christ is composed of all who believe in him, whatever name they bear. Thus they are inconsistent. For while they really be-lieve that the Church of Christ consists of all be-lievers, so that it is as extensive as Christianity, they virtually, in their definition of Church and State union, say that the Church of Christ is only one denomination. We wish they would make a plain statement, once for all, of what they do re-gard as the Church. IT is often stated that Sunday laws are neces-sary for the physical well-being of the people ; and by many this supposed fact is eloquently urged as a reason why all should have a stated day of rest, and also why all should be required to rest upon the same day, namely, Sunday. But the force of the argument seems to be weakened somewhat by the well-established fact that on an average Jews enjoy better health, and conse-quently live longer, than any other civilized peo-ple. Of course many of them have a stated weekly rest-day, but a very large portion of them have practically no stated rest; and even those who do conscientiously observe the Sabbath, do it under conditions which the advocates of Sun-day laws declare render the necessary mental and physical rest impossible. Now the question  arises, If Jews can enjoy good health and long life with no Sabbath, or at best with only a noisy Sabbath, why, in order to enjoy good health, must Christians have a law to compel both them-selves and everybody else to rest on Sunday ? 4.  THE Virginia correspondent of the New York Examiner (Baptist) writes as follows to the issue of that paper dated January 24:Š " It looks now as if the Christian people of Virginia are marshaling their forces for making battle on the Sabbath question. Richmond has its local evangelical alliance, and several of its meetings have been devoted to a discussion of this grave and perplexing problem. Christian people of all names seem to agree that we have fallen upon perilous times ; that the old reverence for the Sabbath has fallen into decay, and that busi-ness and pleasure, as well as vice, seem bent on blotting the Sabbath from our calendar, or, at any rate, in diverting it from its sacred and economic uses. The indications at present point to the holding of a State Sabbath Convention, and if this is done it will be with a view of putting Vir-ginia in line with the National Sabbath Union." So the ball keeps rolling. We ask all who read the above to take particular notice to see if they can find anything in it about temperance or the working men. Does it say that the battle is to be waged for temperance or labor? Not at all. They are "marshaling their forces for mak-ing battle on the Sabbath question." And that's just what it is everywhere. • Ł E. Paper Bound Volumes of the American Sentinel. WE have a few copies of Vol. 1 monthly SEN-TINEL for 1886;  and VoI. 3 for 1888, bound in strong manilla covers with the name of paper and volume number printed on the cover. These we can send post-paid for 75 cents per volume. Vol. 2 have all been sold, and if you wish either Vol. 1 or Vol. 3, send at once, as these too will soon be all sold. OUR GENERAL AGENTS. TN THE Eastern, Southern, and Middle States. MaineŠM. Russell, 110 Late Street, Bangor, Me. VermontŠL. A. Stone, 409 South Union Street, Burlington, Vt. Other New England StatesŠE. T. Palmer, South Lancaster, Mass. New York City and-BrooklynŠT. A. Kilgore, No. 43 Bond Street, New York. New York StateŠJ. V. Wilson, 317 West Bloomfield Street, Rome, N. Y. PennsylvaniaŠPennsylvania Tract Society, L. C. Chadwick, Sec-retary, box 2716, Williamsport, Penn. Southern StatesŠAll that territory lying south of Pennsylvania and the Ohio Rh er and east of the Mississippi River; M. L. Huntley, Secretary International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich. TexasŠT. T. Stevenson, Denton, Texas. LouisianaŠA. F. Harrison, 633 Western Avenue, Shreveport, La. ArkansasŠW. G. Smith, lock box 249, Little Rock, Ark. IllinoisŠIllinois Tract Society, 28 College Place, Chicago, Ill. IndianaŠJ. W. Moore, Secretary Indiana Tract Society, 175 Cen- tral Avenue, Indianapolis, Ind. OhioŠL. T. Dysert, Secretary Ohio Tract Society, 440 Floyd Street, Toledo, Ohio. AGENTS wanted to canvass for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, LO whom liberal Cash commissions will be paid. Apply to either of the above general agencies, or address this office, for circulars, terms to agents, etc. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICA SENTINEL., 1059 Cas1To St., OAKLAND, CAL. 