'141=1 AIVIRICAN SENTINEL. 333 more hope of success. It is equally coT-tain 'that, to make our influence felt, we must not merely support the legislation that we like, and oppose that which is not of our way of thinking, but we must re-sist all legislation which has the slightest tendency to limit religious liberty in be-lief, spirit, and practice. Let us remem-ber that it was Anne Hutchinson's fruit-ful maxim, " No man a delinquent on account of creed," which put the spirit and letter of religious liberty into the Massachusetts Bill of Rights and the Con-stitution of the Commonwealth. Deliver Us from Such a Mixture. IN a lecture recently delivered at Ata-lissa, Iowa, the speaker made use of the following language:Š The first political meeting ever held was held on Mt. Sinai. Jehovah was chairman, and Moses secretary. The first four commandments relate to our duty to God, and the last six our duty to pol-itics. Religion and politics were married on Mt. Sinai never to be divorced. A man whose religion will not mix with his politics, has a most miserable kind of politics. Notwithstanding the experience of all past ages, this "spirit seems to be taking hold of the people nowadays in a very marked manner, to mix religion and pol-itics in one common mass so that there would be scarcely any difference discern-able between the two. It is generally ad-mitted by all that the politics of this coun-try is in a bad shape, and being in such a condition, it would not certainly be a very good ingredient for a man to mix with his religion. It would certainly be a good thing for the country if all our politicians were true Christian men, but they can not be made such by means of the plans in the minds of those who are so anxious to mix politics and religion. Their idea of mixing politics and religion is to set up a standard of belief and invite the people to accept it if they will, and compel them to accept it if they won't. May the Lord deliver us from such a mixture. A. 0. TAIT. Progress of Sunday Closing in Chicago. JUST now there is considerable agita-tion in the city of Chicago over the ques-tion of closing all places of business and amusement on Sunday. The clergy of several of the leading denominations have held meetings for the purpose of laying plans for organizing a general movement in the interest of Sunday closing. The clerks of the clothing houses have been induced to form an association, and the clerks in other lines that had already or-ganized, have been solicited to join the movement. Committees have been sent to all the proprietors of stores, many of whom are Jews and employ Jewish clerks, that keep open all, or a part of the day Sunday, requesting them to close. The clergy have advised the boycott for all dealers who refuse to close on Sunday. It was proposed on one occasion, that all those favoring closing, enter into a pledge not to buy any article of any store that is kept open on that day; and finally on Sept. 25, at a mass-meeting held in one of the Methodist churches, a resolution was passed, which read as follows :Š Resolved, That it is the sense of this meeting, that we, the purchasing public of this West Side, do agree not to purchase any goods sold by any store that may keep open its doors on the Sabbath, and do further agree to exert our influence in every way practicable for the closing of stores on the Sabbath [Sunday]. This meeting was presided over by Bishop Fallows of the Episcopal Church, and other clergymen of more or less note were present, and aided the meeting with their speeches and influence. At the time of this mass-meeting an-other mass-meeting was called, to be held at the Armory Hall, October 11. At this meeting a similar resolution to the one above mentioned, was passed. Also at this meeting, which was attended by about one thousand five hundred people, the business of those men who close their doors on Sunday, was advertised, and they themselves were applauded. The object of this meeting, as stated by its projectors, was to create a sentiment in favor of no Sunday work on the part of the clerks in the different lines of trade, a majority of whom being Jews and liberals, and in sympathy with their employers. But the minority propose to influence the purchasing public to ruin the business of the majority, in order to cre-ate the sentiment in favor of Sunday clos- ing that they desire. ALLEN MOON. The Inevitable Outcome. IN the book of the Revelation we have two great symbols presented, the Lamb (Rev. 5 : 6) representing Christ, and the dragon (Rev. 12:9) symbolizing the devil. Under the figure of a beast which meets all of its thus far developed specifications in this country (see Rev. 13:11), we have both of these symbols reproduced. The beast had two horns like a lamb, and it spake as a dragon. In other words, the two leading principles in the government, that which would naturally exalt it in the eyes of the world, would be identical with the two leading principles of Christianity, which, apart from its supernatural power, would naturally exalt it above other reli-gions on the face of the earth. These principles are the absolute equality of all men (Acts 17 : 24,26), and the privilege of all men to accept or reject religion (John 3 : 16; Rev. 22: 17). All men considered equals, and no man or set of men having any right to coerce the religious convic-tions of a single soul, are two great prin-ciples which gave Christianity power among the masses wherever its pure doc-trine was preached. No other religion ever so spake. WILL SPEAK AS A DRAGON. These two principles, embodied in the Declaration of Independence and the Con-stitution of the United States, are what have exalted this country above all other nations of earth in the eyes of the masses. No other government of which history has left a record ever presented both of these admirable principles. But the prophecy declares that the government presenting to the world these two Christ-like principles is to speak with the voice of a dragon. A government can speak only through its laws and decrees. The dragon was a persecutor. Rev. 12:13. The dragon voice of this Government will be the utterance of laws which will result in religious persecution, or persecution for conscience' sake. Occasional utter-ances from State governments have all along been heard, but more frequently in later years. Massachusetts has prose-cuted and imprisoned those who have preached on Boston Common, while brass bands and open-air concerts have been al-lowed to perform at will. Arkansas has prosecuted, fined, and imprisoned good  citizens for working on Sunday to the disturbance of no one, those who keep the seventh-day Sabbath, while some of the very informants, together with railways, saloons, and men of all classes who ob-served no day, have been allowed to go scot-free. More recently still, Tennessee has been doing similar work to Arkansas. Men have been arrested, fined, and im-prisoned for working quietly on their own farms, disturbing no one, not even in sight of the public highway, condemned by the unwilling testimony of neighbors; and in some instances the only crimina-ting testimony which could be obtained was that of members of their own faith. One of these cases was carried to the Su-preme Court of Tennessee, and that court affirmed the decision of the lower court and the prisoner was remanded back to serve sentence for the crime of gaining, by quiet, unobtrusive work on the first day of the week, an honest livelihood, after having kept the seventh day according to the fourth commandment of the Deca-logue, a document which the prosecutors professed to revere. It was but recently that four men were released from jail and chain-gang in Paris, Tennessee. Yet we are told that this is free Amer-ica, and that men may worship God here as conscience dictates; that the battle of religious liberty has been fought once for all, and that this age is too enlightened, too liberal, to ever endeavor to place gyves or shackles on religious thought or convictions again so long as such convic-tions do not militate against the equal rights of others, so long as life, property, chastity, and reputation are not injured. And the prospects are that men will dream over these good legends of old till every branch of our Government is drunken with the wine of Babylon's fornication, and are ready blindly to do her bidding. For the general Government is now im-plicated. APPEALED TO THE U. S. COURTS. Appeal was made to the circuit court of the United States in one of the Tennes-see cases, and the decision of the State court was affirmed by a decision which is a disgrace to the principles upon which our Government was founded. Appeal was then made to the United States Su-preme Court, but pending the argument in that case the appellant died, and, his case was remanded by Providence to the Supreme Judge of all. But we are not left in darkness as to what the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States would have been; for on February 29, 1892, a unanimous decision was rendered by the court in the case of Trinity Church, New York, under the Contract Labor law, in which decision it was affirmed that "this is a Christian Nation," and Sunday laws, and religious legislation, with all the logical wickedness contained in it, are justified in principle, as they will be in fact when the plant has borne its legitimate fruit. PERSECUTION THE LOGICAL OUTCOME. Religious persecution is the logical out-come of all this. If this is a " Christian " Nation, logic demands that it should have " Christian " laws, and that those laws should recognize " Christian " institu-tions. Prominent among the so-called Christian institutions in this country is the " American Sabbath " or " Chris-tian Sabbath,"Šthe great papal Sunday, a fraud and usurper from its beginning. And, to be consistently logical, one of the 