AMERICAN SENTINEL. 443 inculcated as an incentive to right conduct. Its services are few and simple, demanding little more of its votaries than a visit to the local temple on the occasion of the annual festival. It is a combination of ancestor-worship and nature-worship. Homage is paid to the departed ancestors of the imperial family, who are supposed to be direct descendants of the sun goddess, and to the names of other distinguished dead. In the realm of nature there are gods and goddesses of fire, wind, ocean, rivers, etc. The priests enjoy an unusual degree of freedom. They are not bound by any vows of celibacy, neither are they prohibited from seeking other professions, if preference so dictates. They are not distinguishable by their costume from other men, save when engaged in offering the morn-ing and evening sacrifices, at which timethey wear a robe peculiar to themselves. In short, the sum of man's duty as taught by Shinto may be expressed in a single line: "Follow your natural impulses, and obey the Mikado." As a religious system, it is vague and shadowy. Buddhism, on the contrary, with its profound meta-physics, its gorgeous ritual and exalted ethics, powerfully appeals to the religious instincts of the people. It was introduced into Japan from Corea and China in the year 550 A, D. At first it was rejected by the emperor, and was more or less opposed for half a century or longer. But gradually it won its way to general acceptance by dint of prudent concessions and ardent, persistent labor. It soon became the predominant religion of the country, the Mikados themselves, the supposed descendants of the Skinto sun goddess, adopting it. Having once gained the ascendancy, it was comparatively easy to hold it, and it is to-day the prevailing religion of Japan. As propounded by Shaka Muni, its founder, Buddhism may be called an atheistic philosophy. It teaches that ignorance is the genesis of all misery and suffering, and enlightenment the way of escape therefrom; that happi-ness and salvation come from withinŠfrom recognizing the impermanence of all phenomena, from the extinction of desire, the root of life. The salvation to be obtained is Nirvana, which Colonel Olcott, the modern apostle of Buddhism, defines as "A condition of total cessation of changes, of perfect rest ; of absence of desire and illusion and sorrow; of the total obliteration of everything that goes to make up the physical man." It contains its dec-alogue, the precepts of which are as follows: refrain (1) from destroying the life of beings, (2) from stealing, (3) from unlawful sexual intercourse, (4) from falsehood, (5) from intoxicating liquors and drugs, (6) from eating at unseasonable times, (7) from dancing, singing, and unbe_ coming shows, (8) from using garlands, scents, Perfumes, cosmetics, ointments and ornaments, (9) from using high and broad beds, (10) from receiving silver and gold. It is needless to add that priests and people live inconstant violation of these moral precepts. Lying and licentious-ness are prevailing sins of Japan, and frequently the priests set the example. Numerically the Buddhists of Japan are strong. They are also active and aggressive, and vigorously op-pose the advance of Christianity among the people. They are divided among themselves into various sects which detracts somewhat from their power, but nevertheless their hostility is the devil's most potent factor in retard-ing the progress of the gospel in Japan. They have learned, in recent years, lessons in propagandism from Christian missionaries, and are advocating the establish. ment of schools and kindergartens, the founding of or-phans' homes and the education of women as indirect methods of spreading their tenets. They also make use of the printing press, sending out large quantities of tracts, papers and magazhies, and are urging the priests to devote more time to viva voce preaching. AT the last annual meeting of the California State Sabbath Association, a prominent clergyman from San Jose said in a speech that about thirty members of his church could not keep the Sabbath because there was no State Sunday law. Do professed ministers of the gospel really believe that the Lord is dependent on a State law for securing obedience to one of his requirements? • b Ł -4 4 The Power of Choice. BY JESSE JARED. AMONG the many blessings of our beneficient Father the power of exercising the will in all our actions is one of the strongest manifestations of an all-wise Creator. When we consider this subject in its great magnitude, it seems strange indeed that finite man should attempt a work that is so entirely foreign to our Creator, and still have it in mind to do honor to a Being of supreme love. In contemplating this, as with most themes of God's dealings with man, our minds revert to the period in hu-man history when all was as the mind of infinite Love only could devise. At that time when an all-wise Creator, who took in ages at,, a glance, placed manŠthe crowning being of his creationŠin the position of ruler of the world, it must certainly have been that all was done which an all-wise Creator could consistently do to pre-serve him in perfect accord with the will of the Sovereign of the universe. Certainly if it were at all in keeping with God's nature to enact laws to restrain man from going contrary to the divine will, it would be expected that man would be placed under restraint sufficient to forever prevent him from reaping the fruits of a course of rebel-lion, which the Eye that beholds the end from the begin-ning, assuredly took in. But what do we find to be God's plan of dealing with the creatures of his hand? Do we find such restrictions as would make it impossible for them to do other than what their Creator marked out as best? No; we find man made the ricipient of the needed instruction, and 