AMERICAN SENTINEL. 277 imperialist that when "interpreted by men supremely great" (that is, when it is transformed into the consti-tution of imperialism) it is a document of such elasticity that a refusal to- extend the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus is perfectly constitutional, and that it can "contract to suit the case" when a man is condemned for murder without any pretense of a jury trial! 1 Imperialists make much of their Anglo-Saxon descent, and especially of what they term their marvelous prog-ress during the last century. The doctrine which they proclaim on the eve of the twentieth century was indig-nantly stamped into the ground by their ancestors seven centuries ago. Suppose King John, a few days after Runnymede, had informed the barons that the instru-ment in which they had asserted the rights of all the people of England and by which they had prescribed and limited his powers, was the most expansive document ever written by the hand of man! That it was like the tent which Saladin gave to his brother Richard: when it was folded it rested in a nutshell; when it was expanded whole armies could recline under its shade! That it was expansive enough to cover the world, if necessary; and that it could contract when the time and the occasion demanded contraction! That the principles of the Magna Charta were indeed great, but that they were not capa-ble of literal application! How would it have fared with John Lackland in that case? The incidents of Runny-mede leave no doubt on that point. There have been English sovereigns since that time who have dared to say as much, but Macaulay says that some of them found in the day of the wrath of the English people that it would have been better for them had they never been born. "Great men are not always wise," and "men su-premely great" who have substituted the abomina-ble doctrine of arbitrary power for the principles of American constitutional government have committed an act of folly that not only astounds all men who value liberty throughout the world, but which exposes them and their country to the scorn and contempt of what some of them have been pleased to term "the cormorants t The fact that Mr. Denby cites the cases of Americans tried in China and the case of a man who "committed murder off Japan in a ship that flew the American flag," does not help the matter at all. Mr. Denby says that the refusal of the writ of habeas corpus and the denial of the right of trial by jury was constitutional, because "the Constitution contracted to suit the case;" and that "it can contract when the time and the occasion demand contraction." He does not say that there is any place where it can not contract. In fact, he cites these cases for the express purpose of show-ing that the Constitution may contract at another place from that in which it contracted in these cases. We take_ it that he means that the Constitu-tion can contract wherever it is, wherever its authority extends, "when the time and the occasion demand contraction." If it is constitutional to re-fuse the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus and to deny the right of trial by jury, how are American citizens upon American soil to secure re-dress when these rights are denied them? Adherence to the Constitution is all that is required of public servants, and if they do those things that are constitutional, who can call them in question? This is sufficient to show to what desperate lengths it is necessary to go in order to deny to the Filipinos the right of self-government. It requires a complete repudiation of all the fundamental principles of constitutional government. Are the American people ready to surrender these rights that have become fixed in fundamental law only after long centuries of waiting and struggling in order I hat they may rule the Filipinos? of Europe." Mr. W. T. Stead, who visited Russia and other European countries some months ago, says:Š "It would do certain Americans good if they could see the smile with which the Old-World foreign offices read their lofty expositions of the reasons which compel poor Uncle Sam to pocket the Philippines. The sublime unselfishnes of the United States reminds scoffing diplo-mats of the Old World of the Pharisee who went up into the temple to prayŠ`and remained to prey,' adds the scofferŠwho obstinately refuses to see the sublime acme of altruism in a war which has ended in the seizure of all there was to be had for the taking in Asia and in America." The Hamburgische Correspondz, while the peace ne-gotiations were in progress, said:Š "The United States are conducting the peace negoti-ations as they conducted the war. The mask of human-ity is being gradually dropped, revealing the nrutal hand of strength." At the same time the Paris Soltiel said:Š "No monarchical government would have dared to conduct itself after the fashion of the Americans, who are forever talking so much of right and liberty. . . . This, is the result of the holy war undertaken to insure the independence of the Cubans. What base hypocrisy do-these liberals, these democrats, these republicans, show." The well known French writer, M. de Pressense, in an article in the Contemporary Review, says:Š "Under the pretext of 'manifest destiny' the great Republic of the western hemisphere is becoming unfaith-ful to the principles of her founders, to the precedents of her constitutional life, to the traditions which have made her free, glorious, and prosperous. The seductions of imperialism are drawing the United States toward the-abyss where all the great democracies of the world have found their end." These quotations indicate that in the opinion of thinking Europeans, and of even the lackeys of "the powers" themselves, those statesmen who have placed the American`-Republic "in the front rank of the powers, henceforth to be reckoned with among the very few great nations of the earth," have forsaken the inheritance of the wise for the promotion of foolsŠhave bartered away glory for shame! IN Atlanta, Ga., recently, Judge Broyles, in dismiss ing the cases of certain individuals brought before him on the charge of improper preaching on the streets'-made the following commendable statement to some "orthodox" complainants: "As to the statement made by some of you that there are men in the city who abuse religion by indulging in debate and the like and preach what is not true religion, I think that the believer of any creed has the right to go upon the streets and tell the people what he thinks. A Jew, a Mohammedan, or the- 