Tit114, , 16 THE A_IVIERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 2. NEW YORK, JANUARY 8, 1891. NomŠAny, one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL Without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Sun has the following sensible words on the school question : " The intro-duction of religion into the schools means the overthrow of the whole public school system. They cannot be State schools un-less they are purely secular; and they can-not be religious schools without becoming purely church schools." SOME months since the Orleans Herald took issue with us upon the question of teaching morals in the public schools. Now it indorses the position taken by the Baptists of this State, which is ,substan-tially the same as our own. We are glad to note this evidence that the Herald has become a convert to the faith which it once opposed. Such papers are a good deal nearer the peOple than the great city dailies, and have in their sphere much influ-ence in molding public opinion. WILLIAM ALLEN BUTLER says that be-cause Blackstone declares " Christianity to be part of the law of the land," there-fore it is a part of the law of the United States. The next position for William Allen Butler to take is, that the President of the United States never dies, and can do no wrong. When the Papal Monopoly League has elected its candidate for the Presi-dency of the United States, Mr. Butler Will doubtless be called upon to advocate this theory to the people at large. A. CORRESPONDENT of the NeW York Ob-server writing from California says :Š In and about our city are several institutions in which are gathered the poor, the lame, thelialt, the wicked. Being under municipal control, of course nothing is done for these men and women in the line of spiritual work.. Hence if they are reached at all, it must be by interested parties without. Ł Something, I am glad to say, has from time to time been done. Private individuals have visited them, carrying Ł religious literature, singing and praying with the inmates, and, as opportunity offered, preaching the Word. But this was felt to be inad-equate; and so there has recently been formed the Prison and Hospital Religious Association." It is unsectarian and inter-denominational. Its president is- a Presbyterian elderŠa thoroughgoing business man, its vice-president is a Methodist cler-gyman, while a Congregational minister is its effi-cient secretary. Associated with these is a Board of Difectors, composed of five ladies and five gentle-men. Already a missionary has been employed, and efforts are now making- to bring the whole matter to the notice of the Christian and other char-itably disposed people of the city. With such co- ,.  operation, with the assistance which good Christian workers from the various churches will give, and the faithful and indefatigable labors of our mission-ary, it is expected that not a little good will result. May God grant it. And this is just the sort of work that ought to be done by Christians everywhere in public charitable and penal institutions. Can any one doubt that such effort put forth, with the honest desire to do good, would be infinitely better than any num-ber of State-paid chaplains ? THE Christian Register publishes the following incident :Š Mrs. A. and her five-year old daughter recently had a Jewish neighbor die, leaving a pretty boy-baby orphan dependent on public sympathy. His condition appealed very strongly to little Miss A., and she tried to convince her mother of the advan-tages it would be to the baby to have them for mother and sister. Mrs. A., with the idea of set-tling the matter, said, " But, Mabel, he is a Jew , and you wouldn't have a Jew for a brother would you ? " Mabel thought for a moment and then said, " No, mamma ; but couldn't you spank him and make him believe in Christ ? " " This little girl," says the Register, "was simply putting into childish phrase the spirit and method of coercion illus-trated again and again in the history of the Christian Church." A PHYSICIAN in West Virginia writes as follows EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL : I am receiving your paper regularly, by the kindness of some friend unknown to me, to whom I am very grateful for it. What you and the National Religious Liberty Association advocate is certainly vital to true American patriotism. Were I finan-cially able, I would like to show you .my sympathy in cash; but a poor country practice and a large family prevent me. I have had warm friends in Dakota, who belonged to the Seventh-day Baptists, who worshiped with me in a regular Baptist Church. I learned from them that that denomination sincerely love the Bible. I see, too, that you love the dear book, and am glad of it. Ł -4. Ł THE Christian Advocate deplores the fact that certain New York papers are enabled to advertise beforehand in the in-terests of their Sunday editions, articles from mare or less eminent clergymen of different denominations, each setting forth the reasons for his particular faith. "Such conduct," Says the Advocate, ." on the part of ministers encourages the buying of Sun-day papers, and is -so designed by those who procure and advertise them." " Most inroads upon the Sabbath," it remarks, are promoted as much by professed Christians. as by antagonists of the gospel and irreligious men." In the light of this statement, which is certainly true, it looks very much as though the demand for more rigid Sunday laws, springs, in part at least, from a desire to compel the min-istoN ft-) 1 i vo up to their professions. A WINNIPEG dispatch says that one of the chief contentions of the Catholics' at-torney in the school case there, was, that they should be free from the necessity of supporting schools other than their paro-chial institutions. The judge held that the law does not abridge their right to have separate schools, but as the public schools are non-sectarian there is no rea-son why- the Legislature cannot compel everybody to contribute to-  their support. If that is the case of the Catholics, they have a poor one. AT the annual Sabbath Reform Con-vention of the Western Pennsylvania Sab-bath Association, held in the Eighth Street Reformed Presbyterian Church, Pitts-burg, Pennsylvania, November 18, Mr. Crafts said :Š New England ought to be near the head of the class in Sunday observance, but it is nearer the other end. The Puritanical spirit has left it and is now springing up in the West, The Rocky mountain Sab-bath is improving, while the New England Sabbath is retrograding. Through the Sabbath Association we have secured good observance of the law in Boston and other cities. But there they run Sunday trains to carry milk to the babies and newspaper trains to carry scandals to the men. We have reason for en-couragement in the enforcement of law in New York, Brooklyn, Baltimore and all the large cities of the country. Pennsylvania observes Sunday the best of any State, and Pittsburg and Philadelphia the best of any cities, but there is room for improve-ment. Only three States are now without Sunday laws, and they are California, Idaho, and Wyoming. In these States we are making war and will force the issue. We want to enlist the solid men in every community. We advocate no violence, but want to repress the base sort of foreigners who would pervert our American Sabbath. In reading this statement the question naturally arises, if Sunday laws are so po-tent for good as Mr Crafts teaches that they are, how comes it that New England, having on its statute book such laws, is retrograding, not only in Sunday observ-ance but in morals generally ? THE Scientific, American, referred to in another column, under the heading of " Patents," is the very best publication in this country for those interested in science, engineering, mechanics, inventions, etc. A father can give his young son no better present than a year's reading of this valuable paper. IT is stated that " there are now ninety-eight associations working in behalf of Sunday," in California. .THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEZLY .TOIIRNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the Ł  United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or .religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street,,New York. 