310 THE AMERICAN-  SENTINEL,. NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. Lecture Bureau of the National Re-ligious Liberty Association. THE Lecture Bureau of the National Religious Liberty Association is composed of competent lec-turers in various parts of the United States, and any one desiring lectures upon the subject of re-ligious liberty and the relation of Church and State, may secure a lecturer by corresponding with Allen Moon, the Secretary of the Bureau, 28 College Place, Chicago, Illinois. "Muchly Arrested." UNDER the above title the Atlanta Constitution of September 5, contained the following:Š Mr. R. A. Broyles and Mr. J. A. Droege, the latter of whom is Superintendent of the Macon and Northern road, were summoned to appear before Judge Maddox, at Calhoun, Georgia, to answer to the charge of misdemeanor, yesterday. Both of these gentlemen were formerly connected with the East Tennessee road in the capacity of master of trains, and the misdemeanor with which they are charged consists of " unlawfully and by force of arms" running freight trains through Gordon County on the Sabbath. They arrived at Calhoun in fine trim, and were ready to stand their trial, when lo ! they were pounced upon by the sheriffs frcm all the surround-ing counties who had similar charges against them. They were given a warm reception, and were busily engaged in being arrested for a quarter of an hour after their arrival. The Calhoun case was postponed, and yesterday the gentlemen arrived in Atlanta smiling, but with a pocketful of charges. Let the good work go on. The more that such arrests are made the sooner honest and sensible people will get their eyes open to the Satanic in-tolerance that is back of this whole question of se-curing civil law to enforce " Sabbath " Observance. ŁsŁ  Quaker Intolerance. SOME months ago, a man by the name of F. A. Lashier moved from Minnesota to Newberg, Ore-gon, and opened a grocery and notion store. As Mr. Lashier was a believer in the seventh-day Sab-bath, and as he did not see any marked evidences that Sunday was observed with any particular sanctity there, he thought it was his privilege, and and perfectly proper for him to keep his store open on Sunday, since he had it closed on the seventh day of the week. The town is composed largely of Quakers, and they have a sufficient majority there that they can elect any man that they may see fit to any of the village offices. They soon began to make complaints in regard to Lashier having his store open on Sunday, and threatened to have him arrested. He went to the Mayor of the city and also to the prosecuting attorney, to know what could be done in the matter; and they assured him that it was perfectly right for him to have his store open on Sunday and that he would not be molested in the least. The assurance was even carried so far that he was given to understand that if com-plaints should be made, they would not issue a war-rant for his arrest. He went on with his business, and in a little while, the threats became so strong that he went to the city authorities again. He found then that the sentiment was quite ma-terially changed from what it was at first. The authorities were fearful that they would have to close up his business on Sunday, and said that it would certainly be their duty to do so if any coin-plaints should be made. As Mr. Lashier has quite a good trade on Sunday, the cause evidently of his threatened arrest is not so much a zeal for the sacredness of Sunday as it is to secure the trade that is thus going to Lashier. And this is one of the difficulties that is everywhere apparent in con-nection with Sunday-laws. If all were agreed that Sunday is the Sabbath that Christians should ob- serve, these Sunday laws would not increase the religious observance of that day, and Sunday laws only serve as a pretext for those who are so dis-posed, to harass and annoy their fellow-citizens. The most ardent believers in the importance of Sunday observance should certainly see this point and oppose the passage of Sunday laws, and depend upon the influence of the Church to conserve the interest of Sunday. We would think, however, that the Quakers would rem ember some of their early experiences and that they would be more liberal in allowing their fellow-citizens to have the same rights of conscience for which they suffered in the early history of our country. A. 0. TAIT. THE Evening Journal, of Chicago, in its issue of the 1st inst., makes some very sensible observa-tions concerning the Sunday closing of the Fair. It says:Š It is the belief of the Journal that on civil, san-itary and humanitarian grounds, all vice and dis-order should be suppressed, and labor minimized, on Sunday, during the Exposition and at all other times. But it believes just as firmly that the Gov-ernment has no right to prohibit orderly recreation on Sunday, because abstinence from recreation on Sunday can only be enforced on religious grounds. It is not to be thought of, therefore, that people should be prohibited by law from visiting and look-ing at the display in Jackson Park on Sundays. The only question for civilians is whether the em-ployes of the Exposition shall be allowed to work on Sunday. As to the railroads and street-cars, they will have no more to do than if the people went somewhere else. It is claimed that 50,000 people will be at work at the Exposition on every day that it is open. But if the 200,000 people who would visit the place on Sunday should be turned loose in the city to seek recreation in some other way, there is no doubt that just as many people would have to work in some other way. Moreover, it strikes one very unpleasantly that such a world-wide sympathy should have been excited for these 50,000 people, when just as many have been hard at work, in Chi-cago, every Sunday for the last ten years. It is this that gives a flavor of insincerity and fanati-cism to this movement. The only answer is that the Sabbath is an American institution, and that therefore one of our exhibits should be a well-kept Sabbath. But the only Sabbath-keeping country on the globe is Great Britain. It is easy to see what will come of this agitation. The non-church going people of this country are in an overwhelming majority, and, while they will concede something to religicus sentiment, they will not allow the church-going element to govern them entirely. The Commission will temporize with the Sabbatarians and bow them out of their meeting. The decision of the question will be postponed on one pretext and another, for eighteen months to come, and then some regulations will be adopted which will show a spirit of concession and respect to the religious sentiment of the country. But we believe that it will be useless for the Sabbatarians to hope that the Commission will abstain from what the Sabbatarians regard as an awful sin. THE saloon keepers of Denison, Texas, have asked the City Council to pass an ordinance forbidding the sale of liquor between the hours of 9 A. H. and 4 P. M. on Sunday. The proposition is thus dis-cussed by the Sunday Gazetteer:Š None of the councilmen discussed the saloon Sunday ordinance Thursday night from the right standpoint. The fact is, the city has no Sunday law. Nov certain saloon men step up and ask for a special law that shall restrain them from keeping open between the hours of 9 A. H. and 4 P. M. This is ridiculous 'on its face, because they now keep open all day, without danger of interference on the part of the city officials. No one believes that these saloon men are asking in good faith for the enforcement of Sunday restrictions on their business. The real object of this movement'is ap-parent. It is to do away with the enforcement of the State law between the hours of 9 and 4. That is, instead of wanting to be closed they want to be protected in keeping open. The Gazetteer does not believe such, an ordinance would accomplish this result, but if it would there is no sense in making the law applicable only to saloons. If saloons are to be allowed to keep open, all business houses should have the same privilege. But the only consistent position for those opposed to special Sunday legislation, to take, is to oppose the enact-ment of any Sunday laws whatever. THE National Reform people of Chicago, in their effort to advance the interests of the movement in which they are engaged, are carrying their Sunday rest theory to its logical conclusion. That is, God made the Sabbath for man because man needed to rest one day in seven, and now they have discov-ered that the beast also needs rest, or the Lord would not have included it in the commandment. A minister of the Presbyterian Church said re-cently, at one of the Sabbath Union meetings:Š We should organize immediately into a society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, and if men will continue to disregard the claims of God upon them, we will see that they do not wear out their animals contrary to law by driving them con-tinuously seven days in the week. We do not read anywhere that the Lord gave his people a command that extended beyond them- selves. " Thy man-servant and thy maid-servant, thy cattle and thy stranger that is within thy gates." But these people propose to go outside their own gates, and compel the Gentiles to let their beasts rest if they will not do so them-selves. ONE article of Mr. Crafts's Rest-day Leagues which he is organizing everywhere, reads thus ARTICLE V. Committees shall be appointed as follows: The Secretary shall appoint an investiga-ting committee of four, known only to himself, the first of whom shall on the first week of each month, the second on the second, and so following, ascertain personally what violationsŠfirst, of the civil law; second, of higher laws of GodŠare in progress, and report fully in writing to the Secre-tary, who shall in turn inform the public author-ities, so far as he can wisely do so, as to the viola-tions of the State law, and the public as to these and all other wrongs related to the work of this organization. The Board shall appoint committees: 1ŠOn prevention of the Sunday sales of liquors and tobacco. 2ŠOn closing the post-office on the Sabbath by persuasion and petition. 3ŠOn vol-untary closing, by agreement or otherwise, of other places of labor and business. 4ŠOn fur-nishing matter to the press and circulation of lit-erature. 5ŠOn public meetings. 6ŠOn legisla-tion. Also such other committees as may be neces- sary. Ł This secret inquisitorial committee of professional spies has been referred to before in these columns. We mention it again that none may forget the methods in vogue in carrying on the Sunday crusade. " SWITZERLAND," says the Christian at Work, "has not yet reached the ideal Sunday observance so far as the administration of the Post-office is concerned. Just now she is at work experiment-ally, and in this way. The authorities have de-termined to test the desire of the citizens for Sun-day mail delivery, and they do this by preparing " Sunday " stamps for the use of those who do not desire the mail delivered on Sunday. All letters bearing the other stamps will be delivered Sunday, delivery on that day being general in Geneva, Basle, and other cities." Ł Ł IN the United States of America, during the last decade of the nineteenth century, a man, without known fault as a Christian and a citizen, is fined and imprisoned because in his devout simplicity, he reads in his Bible the commandment of God, " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou shalt do no work," etc., and acts accordingly. Is it possible to imagine a more lu-dicrous travesty on justice, true religion, and com-mon sense ? THE Whitewater, Wisconsin, Register, in com-menting on the recent decision of Judge Hammond in the King case, says that " the State law seems to be a most tyrannical measure, as King is a seventh-day man and religiously keeps Saturday as his Sab.,  bath." 