48 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 41I2e Jin2eDiear2 gentir2el. OAKLAND, CAL., JUNE,*1886: SPECIAL attention is called to the article in this number of the SENTINEL under the head of " The Higher Law." It is full of sound wis-dom. And we think every article will be found interesting and instructive. Our work is an important one, and it is our intention to make the SENTINEL worthy of the cause which it ad-vocates. THE Religious Amendmentists claim that Moses was president of the Jewish republic. Yet we remember that he was on several occa-sions impeached by the Jews, who went so far on,  one occasion as to think of stoning him. Now we would like to have some one of the new " Reformers " tell us why they let Moses con-tinue in office, when they were so dissatisfied with him. Why did they not have another election, and get a man more to their liking? Religious Amendment history and logic aro very difficult things to harmonize with truth and common sense. To COERCE men into the outward exercise of religious acts, by penal laws is' indeed possible; but to make them love either the religion which is thus enforced, or those who enforce it, is be-yond the reach of human power. There is an inherent principle of resistance to oppression seated in the very constitution of most men, which disposes them to rebel against the arbi-trary exercise of violence seeking to give direc-tion.to opinions; and it is not, therefore, to be wondered at, that one sanguinary law to com-pel men to live piously should beget the neces-sity for more.ŠDr. Hawks. A WRITER in the Statesman says: " We do not want a State religion. . . . What we want is a religious State." These " Reformers " can present more cavils, evasions, and decep-tions than any other people. They say the State is a person. They want a person with religion, but no personal religion I All this will apply to any individual as well as to a State. But what can be the nature of that person's religion who has no personal religion, we cannot imagine. The truth is that religion is only a personal matter, and not at all a State matter. "If thou be wise, thou shalt be wise for thyself; but if thou scornest, th'ou alone shalt bear it." No laws, nor Constitutional Amendments, nor coercive measures can add one whit to the religiOn of a State or of indi-viduals. "IT [the civil power] forbids no man any right except the right to disobey laws that rep-resent the Christian morality of the civilized world, or that phase of it to which the Amer-ican people have arisen."7ŠNationa/ Reform PartY. " The rulers of Massachusetts put the Quak-ers to death, and banished the Antinomians ' and Anabaptists,' not because of their relig-ious tenets, but because of their violations of the civil laws. This is the justification which  they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse 1 But just so it is: wherever there is such a union of Church and State, heresy and heretical practices are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punished no longer as errors in religion, but in-fractions of the laws of the land. So the de-fenders of the Inquisition have always spoken and written in justification of that awful and most iniquitous tribunal."ŠBaird. "Clashing Voices." THE Christian Statesman runs a department under the head of " Clashing Voices." It is conducted by Rev. M. A. Gault; that is, he makes his voice clash with voices of those who do not favor National Reform. It is our pur-pose to keep the Statesman company as far as is possible, and therefore we are minded to in-dulge a little in the line of " clashing voices." In the Cincinnati National Reform Conven-tion, 1872, Prof. Sloane, D. D., said:Š "Every Government, by equitable laws, is a Government of God; a republic thus governed is of him, through the people, and is as truly and really a Theocracy as the commonwealth of Israel." This is the kind of a Government the Na-tional Reform Party proposes in this country. And yet in the Pittsburg Convention, 1874, among the things with which they think they are wrongly charged, President Brunot, named this:Š " We are charged with meaning to turn this republic into a Theocracy." We should like to know wherein lies the fals-ity of the charge. In the first National Convention ever held by the National Reform PartyŠAlleghany, Jan. 27, 28, 1864Ša memorial and petition to Con-gress was adopted. In that memorial there was embodied in the preamble of the present Con-stitution the Amendment which the "Reform-ers" propose. And to that amended preamble was attached the following:Š " And further: that such changes with respect to the oath of office, and all other matters, should be introduced into the body of the Constitution as may be necessary to give effect to these amendments in the preamble. And we your humble petitioners will ever pray." A special committee was then and there ap-pointed to carry this memorial to Washington, lay it before the President, and before Congress. It, with a long address, was presented to Pres-ident Lincoln, Feb. 10, 1,864. And yet in the New York Convention, 1873, Dr. Jonathan Ed-wards said:Š "Our proposed Amendment is confined chiefly and almost exclusively to the Preamble of the Constitution." Language of the same import was held by Dr. Mayo, in the Cincinnati Convention, 1872. He said:Š " The Constitution of Ohio begins with a con-fession of dependence on Almighty God as the author of the liberties it is made to preserve. That is all there is in this thing." And in the Pittsburg Convention, in speak-ing of the Fourth Article, and the First Amend-ment, in the body of the Constitution, President Brunot said:Š " We have not proposed to change these," Here are some " clashing voices " which we wish Mr. Gault would arise and explain. Who Shall Decide? AT a National Reform Convention a little over a year ago, one speaker said, "There are but two religions in the world, the true religion of Christ, and the other, comprising all false religions." This is true; but each individual who professes religion at all, is sure that the religion which he possesses is the true and only religion and that the thousands who differ with him all hold false forms of religion. Of course all cannot be right, but reason would say that each one must be allowed to make his own choice, since each one must answer for himself before God. If A, B, and C disagree with one another on religious matters, and each one con-scientiously believes that he alone has the true religion, it is manifestly as unjust to make A and B conform to the views of C, as it would be to compel B and C to agree with A, or A and C to accept the opinions of B. Besides being unjust, such coercion could not possibly result in any real good even though the decision were made in favor of the one having the true relig-ion; for there would be no heart in the forced compliance of the other two, and their sense of injustice done them would more than ever prej-udice them against the views which they befbre thought erroneous. Now for the application. The Rev. Jona than Edwards says: "Religion and State is another thing. That is possible. That is a good thingŠand that we aim to make a feature in our institutions." And what kind of religion do they propose to incorporate into the State? Only the true religion, of course; or, rather, what they regard as the true religion. Well, suppose that a few thousand people hold differ-ent views and cannot conscientiously accept the State religion ? Of course they will be regarded as heretics or heathen, and will be forced to conform to the State religion. This must neces-sarily happen, for if the State has laws it must execute them. But what if there are some of these "heretics" who will not hypocritically profess that which they cannot believe? Then of course ,they must be punished. This is the inevitable conclusion. A State religion can be nothing else than a persecuting power. If we are asked what punishment we suppose will be inflicted on the aforesaid heretics, we cannot tell. But we' know what punishments were inflicted on heretics in the Dark Ages when the State did have a form of religion, and it is not probable that those who are so anx-ious to fashion this Government according to that model, would hesitate to adopt the same methods. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever he uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TIECUMS. SINGLE Copy, per year, 50 cents. To foreign countries, single 'subscriptions, post- Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 