66 SIQN'IMINTIML.1 VoL. 11, No. 9. She is stretching forth her hand to seize again her long-lost supremacy on earth. But in the heavens a mandate has gone forth, " It is time for thee, Lord, to work; for they have made void thy law." The dramatic scenes of Wycliffe's time are to be reenacted. The champions of divine truth are again to stand before kings and rulers; the word of the Infinite is again to be seen towering in divine majesty above the pre-cepts of mortal man. The triumphs of truth in every age culminate here. We have reached the climax of the great controversy. Over the issue of which day is the SabbathŠwhich of the signs of two opposing spiritual powers is to be given the honor of menŠthe battle will be fought to its conclusion. On the one hand stands the Sabbath of the Lord, the seventh day,Šthe sign of the Godhead of Him whose word has creative power; and on the other hand is the man-made sabbathŠSundayŠthe sign of that opposing power which has set its word above the word of the most High, claiming the right to change the Sabbath from the seventh day to the first. On that side and under that banner will stand all who, whether Catholic or Protestant in name, have given real or apparent assent to this change. In many places this assent is now called for by the civil law; but the word of the Creator upholds a different institution, and demands allegiance to it. Shall we choose Scripture ? or tradition ?Šthe word of God? or the word of man ? The choice will de-termine our position in the conflict, and our final destiny. -4,- A " BARRIER " TO THE CHURCH. WHEN the Saviour was about to be received up_ into heaven, having finished his mission upon earth, he said to his disciples, " All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations . . . all things whatsoever I have com-manded you: and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Matt. 28: 18-20. Thus the followers of Christ were given the assurance that he would be with them even to the end of the world, having all power in heaven and in earth. But now, it seems, the Church has met an impassable barrier to her progress. So we are told by Rev. C. N. Donaldson, in the Chris-tian Statesman, of February 1. " What," he says, " stands as a mountain barrier to the Church's enlargement is the nation's rebellion against God." The Church has irresistible power, but has met an immovable obstacle! The nation must cease its " rebellion "Šthe barrier must take itself out of the wayŠbefore she can advance! When the Saviour spoke these words of assur-ance to the little company whom he had led out from Jerusalem, on the day of his ascen-sion, the nation of which they were subjects was the empire of Rome. It was an idola-trous nation, neither knowing nor caring about the God of the Christians. It was in rebellion against him, if ever a nation could be. Yet the gospel 'spread with marvelous rapidity throughout the empire, and thou-sands were converted to Christ in a single day. There was no " mountain barrier" to the Church then in " the nation's rebellion against God." What is the trouble to-day? Has the prom-ise of Christ failed.? Is the fault with Christ, or.with " the Church" ? Has the power of the gospel ceased, or has " the Church" sep-arated from Christ until she has lost it? Christ has a Church to-day, of which he is  the head; but his Church is not the church that seeks to an earthly government for power. Are not the sins of " the Church " the real barrier that stands like a mountain in her path? Isa. 59:1, 2. SERVING THE CHURCH. " THE nation and kingdom that will not serve thee (i. e., the church) shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted." This among other texts of Scripture is quoted in the Christian Statesman, of January 18, by Rev. J. S. Martin, for the purpose of impress-ing upon the people their responsibility for the proposed " Christian " amendment to the Constitution. It will be understood, of course, what " the church" is,Šnamely, him-self and his associates who are asking and lob-bying for this amendment! So at least its ad-vocates seem to think. But will the nation accept their mere dictum in this matter? When the nation starts out to " serve the church " according to the ideas of those demanding religious legislation, how is the identity of " the church" to be deter-mined? Will preponderance of numbers be the criterion? If so, then the Roman Cath-olic denomination is " the church." This the papal church has always affirmed, and is doubtless as ready to receive the humble serv-ice of the United States Government to-day, as it was in past centuries to be served by the governments of the Old World. But the amendment party doubtless do not contemplate giving any such advantage to the Catholic Church. They are thinking only of themselves. They are too short-sighted to discern that such an effort as they are asking of this Government in behalf of "the church' will set all the various denominationsŠeach one of which is preeminently " the church " in its own opinionŠagainst one another, and rekindle the smoldering fires of religious con-troversy to an appalling extent. It is very certain that the text of Scripture invoked by the Rev. Mr. Martin does not call upon any government to determine which of the discordant sects is " the church," or to enact any kind of religious legislation. CHRIST'S WILL AS THE CIVIL LAW. THE aim of the proposed " Christian" amendment to the Constitution, is to make the " revealed will" of Jesus Christ our " supreme authority in civil affairs." In other words, it is to make that revealed will the civil law of the land.  What is the revealed will of Jesus Christ? For a complete answer, it would be necessary to cite all that has been divinely revealed to man; for in both the " law and the proph-ets" which were until John the Baptist, and the writings of the apostles, it was the " Spirit of Christ"' that testified the things that were spoken. But in brief, it may be said that theŁrevealed will of Jesus Christ is the gospel of salvation through faith in him. And it is now proposed to make this the civil law of the land! The revealed will of Christ is:that all per-sons should be saved from sin. And the gos-pel is " the power of God unto salvation [from sin] to every one that believeth."' The power of God is seen in his work of cre-ation. " He spake, and it was; he corn- Luke 16; 16. a 1 Peter 1:11. 2  Rom. 1: 16. manded, and it stood fast."' Through faith in Jesus Christ, by the power of God, we are re-created in him.' Being crucified with him, we also live with himŠor rather, he lives in us,' and while dead to self, we are alive unto God. We yield ourselves to his will, saying Amen to all his word, and by the infinite power of God, which was manifested in the creation of the world and all things in six days, we are put to death with Christ and created new, so that we are without sin. Being thus without sin, we are free from death, and fitted for eternal life with God. This is the " mystery of godliness "Šthe plan by which God saves men in his king,  dom. All this is the revealed will of Jesus Christ; and it is now seriously proposed to incorporate this into the civil law of this land! Did ever absurdity reach a more appalling height? " The power of God unto salvation" is not experienced by all, but only by " every one that believeth." It is Christ's revealed will that every person should believe on his name; in other words, he wants all persons to be saved. But belief is a matter of free choice; for we are not automatons, but free moral agents, in order that we may develop charac-ter. Now it is proposed to make Christ's re-veale I will the civil law,Šthat is, to force all men to believe on him whether they want to or not! A " Christian" scheme, truly! Christ wills that all men should love one another. " A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another." This is to be made the civil law, and men are to be forced to love each other, or punished by the usual legal penalties ! This also is very " Christian," as well as reasonable! Christ wills that all men should keep his Father's commandments. " Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city." e  But in a state of sin, men cannot keep God's com-mandments; " because the carnal mind is en-mity against God; for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God." But now it is proposed to make Christ's will the civil law; so now that law will say to the sinner, No matter about your inability to do the will of God, you must do it whether you can or not. If you do not, you will be fined or imprisoned, or otherwise punished! How preeminently "Christian" is this! We read that " without faith it is impossi-ble to please him [God]." " As it is the will of Christ that all men should have faith, the civil law (under this " Christian" amend-ment) will say to all, Have faith, or you will be accounted a criminal. We shall then see people converted by wholesale, no doubt! Let this amendment be adopted, and an era of bigotry, hypocrisy, strife and persecu-tion will be ushered in, the like of which this country has never witnessed. The only way in which the revealed will of Christ can be carried into effect is by the power of God, through the operations of. the Holy Spirit. And therefore this scheme to make his will the civil law of the land, is one which substitutes man's littleness for God's infinity,Šman's weakness for God's strength, man's ignorance for God's wisdom, man's sin-fulness for God's righteousness. And this scheme is labelled " Christian "! Verily it is true that " Satan himself is transformed into an angel of light"! " Ps. 33: 9. ' 2 Cor. 5: 17; Eph 2: 10. 9  Gal. 2: 29. 7  John 13: 34. 9  Rev. 2214. 9  Rom. 8: 7, 8. 72  Heb. 11: 6. 11  2 Cor. 11: 14. 