192 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JUNE 12, 1890. NoTn.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless_ plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that theY will be asked to pay for it .simply because they take it from the post-office. SOME men are bound to get to the front no matter what it costs; notoriety they will have in one way or another, as is just now strikingly exemplified in the case of Senator Blair, whose picture and name figure prominently in a patent med-icine advertisement in several papers. In years to come when it shall be asked, Who was H. W. Blair ? the answer will be, He is the man who was cured by Dr. Blank's Wild Cherry and Sarsa-parilla Troches. AMONG the many petitions for a national Sunday law presented to Congress during the present session, is one from " one hundred and two citizens of Massachu-setts, praying for the better observance of the Sabbath." The query naturally arises, If these petitioners really desire better Sabbath observance why do they not observe it better ? There is no law in this country against any man'l observ-ing any day just as well as he wishes to. It would be just as appropriate to petition Congress for better attendance at church, or for more regularity in family worship, or for less formality in giving thanks when sitting down to dinner. There is really no difference between petitions to Congress asking for a.  national Sunday law, and petitions " praying for the better observance of the Sabbath ;" the latter, however, show more plainly the wish of the petitioners, namely, the legal enforce-ment of a religious institution. THE Boston Committee of One Hun- dred, taking their cue from the United States Supreme Court decision upon the Mormon test oath, are now urging that the Roman Catholics shall be disfran- chised. They declare :Š We do not hesitate to say, as a measure for the Nation's self-preservation, that no man who con-fesses allegiance to the Pontiff should be allowed to participate, as a citizen, in either holding office, or casting a ballot. The United States Supreme Court has decided that the law of one of our States dis-franchising ŁMormons is constitutional, on the theory that the man who takes the oath the Mormons were required to take cannot be a good. citizen. Why should not this principle be applied to those who confess allegiance to the Papal hierarchy ? No bal-lot for the man who takes his politics from the Vatican. The Committee of One Hundred are not alone in this; there are several pa- pers in different parts of the country :that advocate the same measure, and for the same reason. Others advocate the same measure for other reasons. But whether it be this reason or others, the truth is that those who advocate such a--proceed-ing, hold a despotic theory and proceed upon a despotic principle. And if they had the power to execute their wish, the despotism that would thereby be estab-lished, would be no less cruel.  than that which they assert characterizes that which they wish to abolish. That Com-mittee of One Hundred should -be annihi-lated. MISS MARY F. LATHROP, of the Non-Partisan Woman's Christian Temperance Union, is now on a visit to the Pacific Coast, in the interest of Christian temper-ance. She met a rather hot reception from some -of the partisans of the partisan Woman's Christian Temperance Union. In an address in the First Congregational Church, Oakland, Sunday evening, May 25, she referred to this, and read a letter which she had received from a preacher, before she started for the Coast. In the letter the preacher said to her :Š Don't you dare to come to California, you scarlet woman of Babylon, you hand-painted Jezebel ! When she had read this, Miss Lathrop lowered her voice and quietly remarked :Š You laugh, my .friends, but it is no laughing matter. If connection with political parties incul-cates such feelings as this, where Christian love, forbearance and peace and good will should exist, isn't it high time we got away from politics ? So say we. All honor to the womanly women, who have cut loose from a leader-ship that is characterized by mannishness in women, and womanishness in men. SOME of our exchanges are still repeat-ing the story that the Nun of Kenmare had received subscriptions for a forth-coming book and then " disappeared," leaving said subscribers with neither their money nor the book. :There never was a particle of truth in the story. There was no disappearance of the Nun. She was filling a lecture engagement in Baltimore, in midwinter, when she took a severe cold, which settled in her throat, affecting it so that she was compelled to break off her engagement, and by the positive direction of physicans go to Florida for her health. But at no time did she disappear, for her publishers as well as her friends knew all the time where she was. Yet her enemies seized upon this circumstance, and, being virtually in control of the press of the country, made it tell for all they could against her. Besides this, when she found that her book would be delayed, she wrote personally from Florida to each subscriber, offering to return the money if he did not want to wait longer than was at first ex-pected for the book. Her enemies how-ever, knowing well that a- sensational story stands a much better chance of wide cir- culation through the daily press than the truth can possibly secure, made the fullest use of their opportunity. We have the honor- to be personally ac-quainted with the Nun of KenmareŠMiss M. F. Cusack ; Š we have had an hour's conversation with her, within a week be-fore this writing ; and we know that there never was a particle of truth in the story of her disappearance. It was wholly an invention, and the wish that it might be so was the mother of the invention. She is working diligently at the book referred toŠ" Why I Left the Church of Rome" Šand hopes to have it in the press soon. If all the people knew what steady perse-cutions follow her, and what repeated difficulties meet her, so far from wonder-ing why the book is delayed, they would the rather wonder at the splendid courage that sustains her in undertaking to print the book at all, and in carrying on the noble fight that she is making. From our acquaintance with this lady, we believe her to be a genuine Christian woman, and well worthy of the sympathy and support of everybody who loves Christianity or admires courage. THE Christian Statesman of April 24, cop-ies from the illustrated Christian Weekly, an article by the Rev. Robert F. Sample, D. D., in which he says that " patriotism is a Christian virtue." We have read the New Testament through several times, and we never yet discovered this amongst the Christian virtues. One list of these virtues is as follows: " The fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance." Another list gives these : " Faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, charity." Patriotism is not amongst these, nor is it anywhere mentioned in the New Testament amongst the Christian virtues. How Mr. Sample found it out therefore, when it is not written, we should like to know. Will Mr. Sample give his authority ? or, will the Christian Statesman give the authority for the state-ment,  ?- Ł WE have on hand a few volumes of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL for 1889, neatly and substantially bound in half roan, which we will send to any address, post paid, for two dollars per volume. Then, vol-umes are very cheap at the price. Order at once if you want one, for we have only a very limited number. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions the preservation of the i United States Constitution as it s, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . Me. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 