148  THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. If the State Superintendent or the dis-trict school bbard of Edgerton may deter- mine between the different religious de- nominations which has the correct version of the Bible and cause it to be read in the public schools to our children, against the will of their parents, it would completely overthrow everything in the shape of re- ligious liberty, for it is a palpable viola- tion of the principles of religious liberty to force anybody's child, whether the child of a Catholic, Protestant, Jew, or non-denominationalist, against the consci-entious objections of its parents to listen to the reading of a book called " Bible," in which the parent does not believe. The parents are the only earthly sover-eigns who rule directly by divine right. This authority over their child and their exclusive right to train and educate it in their own way dates back to the very morning when the first born of Adam and Eve lay a helpless infant in the arms of its mother. This authority was after-wards re-affirmed and ratified by the Al-mighty from the mountain top where, with a tongue of lightning and a voice of thunder, he gave the command : " Honor thy father and thy mother ; " and however poor and humble the family may be, there is surrounding its family,  government a "charmed circle" within which the might-iest monarch on earth should not dare uninvited to set' his foot, or intrude his unwelcoMe presence; and this is the ed-ucational circle in religious matters ; this is that sacred circle which encompasses the tender, plastic, untaught mind and heart during the earlier years of childhood, when the character of the future man or woman is in the embryo state and liable to .be made or marred by the very slightest touch and to be swayed for good or evil by the most imperceptible influences. It will not do to say that the State may step within this family circle and cut asunder the sacred bonds of love, harmony, and reciprocal confidence between parent and child, transfer the control of the child's religious education to the hands of strangersÑpublic school teachers. It will not do to declare that the State, through the Superintendent of Public Instruction and a school board, has the right to control the consciences of the children against the will of their parents by pre-scribing the particular sources from which they shall derive their religious ideas and opinions,Ña most dangerous power to be exercised in a free government. No; if the State Government desires to fill this land with free, intelligent, well-educated, upright, law-abiding men and women, let it not thwart the fathers and mothers in their honest endeavors to preserve intact their parental authority and to maintain the honor, dignity, and harmony of the family goVernment by educating - their own children in religious matters, accord-ing to their own best judgment and con-science. the State that undertakes to teach re-ligion in order to inculcate principles of good citizenship, will fail to secure either religion or good citizenship. ¥ *   The Methodists and the Public Schools. ON the last day of its session the Meth-odist Conference in this city adopted reso- lutions against secularizing the instruction in the public schools. " Purely secular education," say the resolutions, " is im- possible in a land whose literature, history, and laws are the product of Christian civ-ilization." " Christian citizens," they de-clare further, " must deny the right of the State to assume to give such an inadequate education." We should look upon this action of the Conference as a more grievous one than we do, but for the fact that it will accom- plish nothing ix the way of diverting the public school moneys to sectarian ends. The plain fact is whether or not it be true that purely secular education is impossible in a Christian land: it certainly is true that only secular education can be given in tlae common schools. The moment sec-tarian instruction is given, that moment the' schools cease to be " common " or " public ; " that moment the Catholics are driven out of them, as are the Jews and those of other religions, while if evangel-ical instruction is supplied the Unitarians will be driven out; and what a "confusion worse confounded " we should have! Our Methodist friends declare their attachment to the public schools ; but their course would destroy the schools. That this is so is evidenced by the fact that the Roman Catholics are in entire accord with our Methodist friends in their position. They say, with the Methodists, not merely that children must be religiously educatedÑfor we are all agreed as to thatÑbut that this sectarian educationÑand all religious edu-cation is sectarianÑmust be supplied, by the State. ¥ To this,  position The Christian at Work cannot for' a moment assent. Religion is necessary to the children, but it must be supplied by the Christian home, by the church and Sunday-school, and by other Christian agencies. The public schools are maintained to protect the State against the evils of illiteracy. Its citizens should know how to read and write, and perform the simple, operations of arithmetic. And they should be made familiar with the his-tory of their own country. 'But further than this the State should not go; nor can it go in the direction the Methodists wish without disestablishing the schoolsÑand in this work the Catholics ate with the Methodists, yet singularly enough, in their resolutions the Conference stigmatizes the Romanists as " enemies of the common schOols." 'We do not here consider the value of a half-hour's instruction in religion in the public schools, nor traverse the qualifica- tions of the teachers to impart such in-struction. We only put before our read-ers the situation as it presents itself to this journal, with the conviction that they who would force sectarianism into the public schools as the Roman Catholics and the Methodist Conference would, are compass-ing the destruction of these schools.ÑChristian at Work. The truth itself/breed on man otherwise than by its own inward power becomes falsehood. The State Cannot Do It. EDUCATION is defective if the spiritual nature is neglected. We all ought to in- sist on this. Shall we then insist on in- troducing religious instruction into the schools of the State ? By no means. Why? Because the State does not pur- pose to give complete education. The State aims to improve the citizen and not to perfect the man. It does this for its own efficiency and protection. But is not the citizen based on the man ? Yes. Is not morality an element of good citizen-ship ? Yes. Is not morality based on re-ligion ? Yes. Why, then, does not the State aim at perfecting the man for the sake of the citizen ? Why does not the State teach religion in order to foster morality which is so essential to good citi-zenship? We answer : The State does not under-take to teach religion, because it knows that it cannot. The State is by its very nature unqualified for teaching religion or for completing the education of ahu-man being. No cause can produce an ef-fect different in kind from itself. No force reaches higher than its own source. Bread feeds the body and not the mind. Truth feeds the mind and not the body. Social influences effect the social nature only. Moral results are produced by moral forces and by no other. In order to awaken, nourish and train the spiritual, we must have a spiritual power. Now, the State is a civil power. It exists for civil purposes. Its functions, its agencies, its rewards and its punishments are civil. But man is a moral and spiritual as well as a social and industrial being. The moral and spiritual require moral and spiritual forces for their education. These the State does not possess, and hence the State cannot give a complete education. It cannot touch the moral and spiritual man. The State cannot teach morality, be-cause it does not know morality. It does not know absolute right and wrong ; it knows rights and wrongS. It does not,  know absolute goodness and, badness ; it knows the efficient and the detrimental. It does not know the holy and the sinful; it knows the loyal and the criminal. It does not know theft and murder and adultery and slander as wrong; it- ,knows 