394 ..L61,101MEEll CA.N. VoL. 8. No. 50. Jesus knew their thoughts and their pur-pose, and as though to make the thing as open as possible, he said to the man with the withered hand, "Stand forth in the midst." The man stepped out, and thus every eye in the synagogue was fixed on him and Jesus. Then said Jesus to the Pharisees : " Is it lawful to do good on the Sabbath days, or to do evil ? to save life or to kill ?" They could make no answer. Then said Jesus to the man, "Stretch forth thine hand." " And he stretched it forth whole, as the other. Then the Pharisees went forth and straightway took counsel with the Hero-dians against him, how they might destroy him." Matt. 12; 1-14; Mark 2: 23-36; and Luke 6 : 1-11. THIS counselling with the Herodians is worthy of notice. The Herodians, as the name clearly indicates, were the partisans of the family of Herod. They were a political rather than strictly a religious sect. And they were also the supporters of Rome as well as of the Herods, because the Herods were dependent on Rome for their power. The original Herod received his place as governor of Judea from the Roman Senate led by Mark Antony. And Rome was the support of the house of Herod throughout. The Pharisees were ever resentful of the Roman power and constantly galled under the Roman yoke; and were therefore, both on religious and political grounds, the sectarian enemies of the Herodians. But their hatred of Jesus, and their determination to suppress his heretical views and practices on the Sab-bath question were so great as to lead them to forego all differences and distinc-tions of either a sectarian or a political nature, and to enter into intimate counsel with their sectarian enemies to further their purposes against the Lord. This alliance with the Herodians also explains the readiness with which the Pharisees finally secured the cooperation of Herod and Pilate in corruptly carrying out their more corrupt purposes against Jesus. AGAIN, at the feast of tabernacles, Jesus was teaching in the temple and said: " Did not Moses give you the law, and. yet none of you keepeth the law ? Why go ye about to kill me ? The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee ? Jesus an-swered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel. Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; . . . and ye on the Sabbath day cir-cumcise a man. If a man on the Sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me because I have made a man every whit whole on the Sabbath day ?" "_Then they sought to take him, but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come. And many of the people be-lieved on him and said, When Christ cometh will he do more miracles than this. man hath done ? The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him ; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him." But the officers returned without him, and were met with the inquiry, " Why have ye not brought him ?" They an-swered, "Never man spake like this man." The Pharisees replied, "Are ye also de-ceived ? Have auy of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him ? But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed." And iu their angry zeal they  were about to judge and condemn him right there, without any hearing, but Nicodemus put a check upon the proceed-ings by the inquiry, " Doth our law judge any man before it hear him, and know what he doeth ?" The assembly broke up and every man went unto his own house. But Jesus went unto the " Mount of Olives." John 7 :19-53 ;. 8 :1, While they went on with their wicked plotting against him, he himself went to the Mount of Olives to pray, and to pray for them. Ps. 31 : 13-15 ; 69 : 11-13. While they were allying themselves to political power, he was holding fast to God. While they were putting their trust in earthly power, he was showing his trust in God. SHORTLY afterward he met the man who had been born blind, and anointed his eyes with clay, and sent him to the pool of Siloam, and the man went and washed and came seeing. His neighbors and others brought to the Pharisees him whose sight had been thus given him. "And it was the Sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes, . . . there-fore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God because he keepeth not the Sabbath day." John 9: 14-16. AGAIN, "He was teaching in one of the synagogues on the Sabbath. And, behold, there was a woman which had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years, and was boWed together, and could in no wise lift up herself. And when Jesus saw her, he called her to him, and said unto her, Woman, thou art loosed from thine in-firmity. And he laid his hands on her: and immediately she was made straight, and glorified God. And the ruler of the synagogue answered with indignation, because that Jesus had healed on the Sab-bath day, and said unto the people, There are six days in which men ought to work : in them therefore come and be healed, and not on the Sabbath day. The Lord then answered him, and said, Thou hypo-crite, doth not each one of you on the Sabbath loose his ox or his ass from the. stall, and lead him away to watering ? And ought not this woman, being a daughter of Abraham, whom Satan hath bound, lo, these eighteen years, be loosed from this bond on the Sabbath day ? And when he had said these things, all his adversaries were ashamed: and all the people rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him." Luke 13 : 11-17. AGAIN, "As he went into the house of one of the chief Pharisees to eat bread on the Sabbath day, they watched him. And, behold, there was a certain man before him which had the dropsy. And Jesus answering spake unto the lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the Sabbath day ? And they held their peace. And he took him, and healed him, and let him go; and answered them, saying, Which of you shall have an ass or an ox fallen into a pit, and will not straightway pull him out on the Sabbath day ? And they could not answer him again to these things." Luke 14 : 1-6. Every time they watched to see whether he would do so and so on the Sabbath day, they saw just what they were looking for. And they saw it so plainly, too, that there was no mistaking it. Nor did he ever make any apology for it; nor did he ever attempt to prove that what he did could not have " disturbed " anybody. JESUS went on in his blessed work, and the Pharisees followed with their accursed plotting. At last he raised Lazarus from the dead, and " many of the Jews believed on Jesus." And immediately the news was carried to the Pharisees. " Then gathered the chief priests and Pharisees a, council, and said, What do we ? for this man doeth many miracles. If we let him thus alone all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation. And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all, nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not.. . . Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death." John 11 : 45-53. THEIR self-convincing and self-justify-ing argument was this: " This Christ perpetually disregards the Sabbath. He is a confirmed Sabbath-breaker. All who believe on him will follow his example, of course. And he is gaining such an influ-ence that all the people will certainly believe on him if things are suffered to go on. Aud as surely as they do this they will all become, from his teaching and example, habitual Sabbath-breakers like himself. This will make a whole nation of Sabbath-breakers. Then the judgment of 'God will fall upon the land, mid he will bring in the Romans like a flood as he did the Chaldeans before and sweep all away and leave the land desolate. The salvation of the nation depends upon the maintenance of the Sabbath. But this Christ continually disregards the Sabbath and will not yield. Therefore, as the sal-vation of the nation depends upon our maintaining the Sabbath, and as this fel-low's teaching and influence is carrying the whole nation into Sabbath-breaking, it is plain enough that if we would save the nation we must get rid of him." Thus their blind zeal and bigoted prejudice led them to attempt to save the nation by rejecting and destroying the Saviour. This was then only to put themselves in the place of Christ, and even above him, as the saviours of the nation. So that, in the Sabbath question in that day, as well as in this, there was involved the ques-tion : Who is the Saviour ? Is it Christ or ,man ? Is it Christ, by the power and faith of God alone; or is it the self-appointed church-leaders, by the power and force of earthly government ? THEY tried one more tack, however, before proceeding to open violence: They set a trap by which to get him to say some word or give some sign which they could twist into a charge of treason, or disrespect of authority so as to get him into the clutch of the law. ." Then went the Pharisees and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk. And they watched him.. And they sent out unto him their disciples, with the Hero-dians, as spies, who should feign them-selves to be just men, that they might take hold of his words, that so they might deliver him unto the power and authority of the governor." And they asked him that question concerning the tribute, when he answered, "Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things which are God's." " And when they heard it, they were not able to take hold of that saying before the people : and they marvelled greatly at his answer, and held 