AMERICAN SENTINEL. 713 Bartholdi's Statue. BY FRANCES E. BOLTON. ALONE the sculptor sat and silent yet, Wide was his vision, though hills barred him round. The scenes of ages his wide gazing met, And truth to truth linked as a chain new found. As doth clear lightning smite an electric path Through clouds of blackness in one vivid flash, So through the clouds of Time's historic wrath, He saw truth's meaning in a statue mask. As in a wide, unseen kaleidoscope, Shifting from scene to scene, there met his view Age upon age, where flickering rays of hope, Now darkened, burst again in radiance through In light of liberty, and springing up, As one inspired, he smote the shapeless block, Cleaving away superfluous scales, that hope Might take new form, and spring forth from the rock. As swift he wrought, he saw the ages move From Calvary's hill to the last martyr slain, And felt how hell's malignity 'gainst love Had filled the centuries with unjust pain. Yet light fell o'er his brow; for far and near The Sun of Liberty had burst and shone. His statue springing up with gleaming star Would tell the history in its speaking stone. High at our Eastern harbor, lo, it stands, Bartholdi's statue, outlined in the bar, Holding a torch mould in its outreached hands; But where has fled its world-wide gleaming star? Has Freedom's land no light? Why seems it dim? Why gleams no more its glory from afar? Ah; sentinel, up! 'tis time to fill and trim, And light up Freedom's beacon at the bar. 1, •  Ł 4 4 Union of Church and State Condemned by His- tory.ŠNo. 5. By B. W. Noel, M. A. THE effects of the union have been so palpably and universally bad as to render positive evidence on the side of freedom unnecessary; still, as there are some persons to whom unknown possibilities of evil seem worse than any amount of existing evil, and who think that the union could not have been so general, unless there had been a real necessity for its existence, let us briefly notice the experience of some free churches. The churches of the first three centuries were free. Unsalaried by the state, they could determine their creed, organize their discipline, and choose their pastors, according to their pleasure; each church, supporting its ministers, was entirely independent of external con-trol. And in this state of poverty and freedom they so proclaimed the truth, and so recommended it by their lives, that their numbers and influence continued to in-crease, till the Emperor Constantine found it expedient, for the establishment of his throne, to profess himself a Christian. During the ages of defection from truth and duty, which followed the union between the church and state, effected by that monarch, one community alone, which has preserved the appropriate motto, "Lux in tenebris," held forth the word of life to the population around it. In the valleys which lie between Mont Cenis and Mont Viso, in the southeastern declivities of the Cottian Alps, a few Christians, refusing to wear the yoke of the church of Rome, were also happily saved from union with the state. The churches formed by these peasants of the Alps were almost the only ones which, in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, retained sound doctrine, simplicity of worship, and spiritual life. And to this day, notwith-standing the periods of declension to which every church, alas! is prone under every system, they remain the only evangelical churches in Italy. While they were preserving the doctrine of the gospel in Italy, another free church rose on the eastern frontier of Saxony. At the close of the seventeenth century, when the Christians of Austrian. Silesia were cruelly harassed by the church in union with the state, a few of the perse-cuted peasants sought refuge in Saxony, under the pro-tection of Count Zinzendorf. June 17, 1722, they cut down the first tree in a forest on the road between Zittau and Lobau, where they raised the first wood house of the village of Herrnhut. Eighteen other immigrants soon joined them; and for ten years these emigrations for lib-erty of conscience continued till some hundreds of these poor and persecuted followers of Christ bad built for themselves the village of Herrnhut. In 1731, when their numbers amounted to only six hundred, they were visited by Anthony, a negro, who described to them the melan-choly state of his fellow-slaves in the West Indies. Moved by that recital, two of the brethren offered to go as mis-sionaries to the island of St. Thomas; and the church,  having approved of their design, they left Herrnhut Aug. 21, 1732; and October 8, they embarked at Copenhagen for that island. The zeal which was thus excited in the church con-tinued to increase, and within ten years did those poor exiles send missionaries to St. Thomas, to St. Croix, to Greenland, to Surinam, to Berbice, to several Indian tribes in North America, to the negroes in South Carolina, to Lapland, to Tartary, to Algiers, to Guinea, to the Cape,  of Good Hope, and to Ceylon. . . . Great as are the services which have been rendered to the cause of the Redeemer by that simple and fervent com-munity, they have in one respect, at least, been surpassed by the free Protestant churches of France. I do not reckon it as the higher glory of these churches that they could count upon their members Sully, Coligni, and Ande-lot, D'Aubign4, and Duplessis Mornay, a band of com-panions more distinguished for virtue and for valor than any equal number of contemporary soldiers and states-men in any period of French history; I will not dwell on-the piety and talent of their ministers, Du Moulin, Du Bosc, Morns, Daille, Drelincourt, Claude, Jurieu, Saurin, Abbadie, etc., whose writings have enriched our Protest- 