186 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the program that all Christians shall also abstain from food from sunup to sundown on the day fixed for prayer." We certainly hope some way can be found for the abolition of the army canteen, and that this effort may bear fruit in that direction if it does not accomplish all its promoters have in view. Sunday Card Playing in Connecticut. like. The committee recommended that each member of the conferenceŠthe conference is ma de up of several thousand clergymenŠshould preach at 4,8.14 one ser-mon on the Sabbath question during the month of May next. In the interest of Sabbath reform we hope that this resolution will be carried out, and that those cler-gymen, instead of making some slight discussion of lhe work of the police in enforcing Sunday laws in Philadel-phia, will really preach upon the Sabbath question in its larger and deeper meaning.-- Sabbath Recorder. Sunday Closing in Seattle, Wash. AN exchange prints the following:Š "It is reported that on the last day of January, 1900, six orthodox Hebrews, living in the city of New Haven, Conn., were arrested for playing cards on Sun-day. They protested that since they observed the Sab-bath, they were not amenable to the civil law for play-ing cards on Sunday. . . . Touching the question of consistency, it would be interesting to note how many persons, not Hebrews, were playing cards on that same Sunday in the city of New Haven. Perhaps New Eng-land courts recognize that there is no wickedness in playing cards on Sunday except on the part of those who have been religious enough to observe the day before as the Sabbath, and that men who ostensibly observe Sunday as the Sabbath may, without sin, or infringement of the civil law, add to the enjoyment of their 'rest-day' by card-playing. Great is the mystery. of Connecticut justice." It is hardly fair to call this "Connecticut justice." Connecticut is all right, but certain people in one of its cities are trying to enforce the Sunday law; and in any State where this is done, queer samples of "justice" will be shown up. It is Sunday-law justice, and that is a mystery always. "Sabbath Reform" Efforts in Philadelphia. Tan efforts at securing a better observance of Sun-day in Philadelphia are going forward with rather more persistency than is usual in connection with similar efforts. There are parts of the city in which retail stores of all kinds have paid no attention to the Sunday law for a long time. This has been especially true of cigar and candy shops. This effort encounters many difficul-ties. The police are lacking in zeal, and the friends of Sunday claim that they are very indiscreet, intention-ally or otherwise, in their effort to enforce the law; thus bringing the movement into disrepute. Beyond all this the friends of Sunday seem inconsistent in that no effort is made to check the widespread disregard of the law on the part of the greater corporations. A committee of the Evangelical Conference, meeting in Philadelphia on February 26, 1900, reported strong,  resolutions against the Sunday newspaper, and declared that the desecration of Sunday increases steadily, through picnics, excursions, camp-meetings, and the FROM the Seattle Daily Times, of March 2, we quote the following with reference to a Sunday-closing move-ment which has been started in that city:Š "For some time past there has been  a quiet agita-tion in favor of the week-day six o'clock and Sunday-closing idea, of the Seattle stores. That agitation has at last taken on a definite form, and beginning with Sunday next all retail clothing, dry goods, men's fur-nishing goods, boots and shoes, and groceries, will be closed. The above-named class of stores have all agreed to this, and with the exception of Saturday nights, the doors will be shut promptly at six o'clock and all day Sundays. "The Western Central Labor UniOn, representing all the trades Unions in Seattle, has had the matter in hand for the clerks, and throughout the entire agita-tion has met with the most unexpected success in get-ting the merchants to agree to their proposition. "On Monday night, March 5, all the trades unions of this city will meet at the labor headquarters on Third and Union for a demonstration that bids fair to excel in every way all past movements of a like nature. Three bands of music have been secured to head the pro-cession, which will form in front of the labor headquar-ters. The line of March is as follows:Š "East from Third and Union on the latter street to Fourth; north on Fourth to Pike; west to First, south to Main, east on Main to Occidental Avenue, north on Occidental Avenue to Yesler Way, east on Yesler to Second, and then north to Germania Hall. "Here the parade will be dismissed, and immediately following the dismissal the Union men will enter Germa-nia Hall to hold a mass meeting in favor of the move-ment. "The leaders of the several trades unions will deliver speeches indorsing the movement, and several sympa-thizers and supporters of the idea, business men about town, will also be heard from. . . . "This movement has been a pronounced success throughout the Middle West, and there is no reason why it should not be here. For instance, Denver, Salt Lake City, Spokane, Portland, Helena, Butte, Van-couver, B. C., and throughout Minnesota, Iowa and Illinois, this system is working, and to the best effect. "Better service in the above-named cities from the clerks was one benefit derived from the movement, and the merchants found their receipts to be as large, if not larger, than under the old regime." 