THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 207 in fact every one who makes Sunday a business day will have to settle before the court, as it is intended to make a crusade against them." Tip; Denver Daily News in an editorial on Sun-day closing at the World's Fair, has this paragraph ; " Let us hope that the contest over Sunday as related to the World's Fair will go to the root of the business, and result in a recognition of the un-doubted rights of the people. The wisdom of rest-ing one day out of seven is conceded by everybody, but all legal regulations on the subject in this country should be, and rightfully can only be, based on civil and secular grounds. Matters re-lating to supernatural affairs rest absolutely with the individual, distasteful as that theory is to certain of the clergy, who have not yet become emanci-pated from the old and ferocious spirit of persecu-tion." AT a meeting of the Associated Trades of New York, resolutions were adopted in reference to the World's Fair, expressing an interest in its behalf, and expressing themselves as "unalterably opposed to the proposed project looking to the closing on Sundays of this great educator of the masses, in-dustrial art and mechanical science. ".resolved, That in the name of the toilers of the country, we protest against such a sacrifice and denial of their right to examine and study the work and skill of their brother toilers of the earth, on the only day when their time is their own, and their mind is in its most receptive condition to perceive the larger lessons which the dignity, im-portance, and necessities of the labor world ever teach." A PITTSBURG justice has been found who is will-ing to step in to the rescue of the overworked de-tectives of this country, and say that they can not with impunity be compelled to labor seven days in the week. To be sure the course of Alderman Bleichner does seem to point out an inconsistency in the course of the Law and Order League, but that is to be given to the higher courts to explain away. This is the item, from the Pittsburg Dis-patch: "Harry Shellhorn, alias Horn, alias Ho-mer, the Law and Order detective, was fined twenty-five dollars and costs, by Alderman Bleich-ner yesterday for following his business on Sunday. He is the same man who has figured several times in the local courts. Agent McClure, it is said, declares the decision will not hold, and will appeal the case for his satellite." Louts GOLDSMITH, a Hebrew, of Toronto, On-tario, has been fined five dollars and costs by the police magistrate for allowing a number of em-ployes, all Hebrews, to work on Sunday. The magistrate admitted that it was a hardship that Jews who kept their own Sabbath should be com-pelled to also observe the Christian Sunday, but such was the law. Henry Cohen, a Hebrew tailor, was also fined for cutting cloth in his store on Sunday. There is an interesting coincidence of thought and expression between the Canadian and the Tennes-see judges, and a startling similarity of conclusion which bodes no good to the dissenter for conscience' sake. IT is reported that the Toronto Baptist Associa-tion has passed a resolution requesting the Cana-dian Government to prohibit the opening of the Canadian exhibit at the World's Fair on Sunday. "Results of Church and State Union," No. 51 of the " SENTINEL LIBRARY," should be widely circulated. It is by Rev. R. D. Clark, Bap-tist minister, Eureka, Cal., and is specially valuable for circulation among Baptists. Eight pages; price, one cent; usual discount in large quantities. Pa-cific Press, 43 Bond St., New York. the following publications, and charge to  No. Copies wanted No.  1. The National Reformed Constitution.  2. Religious Liberty  3. Evils of Religious Legislation  4. The Blair Sunday Rest Bill  5. The Blair Educational Amendment  6. Purity of National Religion  7. National Reform and Rights of Conscience 2  8. The American Papacy 2  9. The Salem Witchcraft 1  10. National Reform is Church and State 2  11. What Think Ye of Christ ? 1  12. Bold and Base Avowal 2  13. The National Reform Movement an Ab- surdity 2  14. The Republic of Israel 1  15. National Reformed Presbyterianism 4  16. A Lutheran View of the National Reform Movement 3  17. Religion and the Public Schools 4  18. The National Sunday Law 25  19. Rev. W. F. Crafts Against the Editors of the American Sentinel 10 20. Romanism and Civil Liberty 4 Pk Ł 21. Why We Oppose Religious Legislation 3  22. The American Sabbath Union and Human Rights  23. A Civil Sunday Holiday 1  24. Blair's Sunday Rest Bill and Joint Resolu-tion, introduced December 9, 1889, (Ex- act copies, with notes) 1  25. Civil Government and the Decaiogue 1  26. National Reform Success Means Religious Persecution 1  28. A Religious Political Movement 1 WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:- "A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. "B" " " whole wheat flour, Fruit Crackers, not sweetened, Lemon Cream Biscuits, 44 66 Graham 6g 46 Oat Meal ti 4g 61 "A" Graham Crackers, slightly sweetened " " not sweetened ., 46 "B" " "A" Oat Meal " slightly sweetened " " 41311 44 EC tf not sweetened it Whole Wheat Crackers, tt White " very palatable, 4.. 46 Carbon tl 66 44 Gluten 44 t{ fil Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, 66 46 Pure Gluten, " Wheat " 4I (4 Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), .25c These goods are put up in boxes, at the following prices:- Fruit Biscuits, A and B, 31 lbs. per box, $4.00 Lemon Cream Biscuits, 26 " " " 2.60 Graham " 26 " " " 2.60 Oat Meal " 30  e 4, gl 3.00 Any of the above Crackers, quoted at 10 cents per lb., 38 lbs. per box, 3.00 Cereola, in cases of 50 packages, one and a quar- ter lbs. each, 6.00 Cereal Coffee, 25 packages, 5.00 Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. No. Copies wanted. No. Price.  29. Arguments on the Breckinridge Sunday Bill 10 cts,  30. A Civil Sabbath 1 31. Union of Church and State 1  32. Civil Government and Religion, revised edition 25  33. The Edmunds Resolution 2 34. Government and the Sermon on the Mount 2  35. A Dangerous League 2  36. The Churches and the Public Treasury 4  37. An Attempt to Christianize the Govern- ment 2  38. Congress and Sunday Legislation 2  39. God and Cresar 1  40. A Union Between Protestants and Cath- olics 1  41. The Sunday-Law Movement 1  42. Sunday Laws of the States and Territories 20  43. Should Church Property be Taxed ? 2  44. "We Declare!" "We Demand!" 2  45. An Unbiased Arraignment 1  46. The Importance of Maintaining Our Prin- ciples 2  47. Should Sabbath Observance be Enforced by Civil Law ? 4  48. Religious Toleration vs. Religious Rights 1  49. The Prohibition Party and Freedom of Conscience  50. Not a Christian Nation 1  51. Result:, of Church and State Union. 1  52.  53. BIBLE STUDENTS' LIBRARY.  No. 3. Views of National Reform-Pamphlet 15 Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use both in sickness and health. Goods, to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re- ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAH SMIRH, Editor Review and Herald. Hon. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, 81. D. HON. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. BORABAOHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, En-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. SENTINEL LIBRARY. ORDER SHEET. Please send to  Price. 3 cts. 1 1 7 3 15c 150 15c 12c 12c 12c 10c 10c 10c 10c 10c 10c 15c 30c 10c 40c 20c Copies of this order sheet will be sent free on application. Any of the above tracts and pamphlets will be sent to any address on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., Or Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond St., New York City. HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY. ESTABLISHED IN 1881. Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich. 