THE SENTINEL .OF LIBER'T'Y. 451 that his utterances upon any subject are so very simi-lar to those of the German chancellor will not corn-mend them to a self-governing people. The fact that without any very critical examination any one can "see how absolutely alike are the policies" of the American and European governments is one of the most alarming features of the times. The United States are becoming too much "like all the nations" in many respects. At the dedication of the site of Dr. Dowie's "Zion City," six miles north of Waukegan on the shore of Lake Michigan, July 14, the Doctor is reported to have said: "God made the world, and he made it for his people. They only have a right to it. The rule of a country 'by the people, for the people,' is not a good thing. The right forth of government is the rule of all things by God and for God." Such sentiments are not original with Dr. Dowie. From time to time men have arisen who have first claimed the earth for the Lord, and then for them-selves as the Lord's representatives. The trouble be-gins when they attempt to take possession. However, there are no indications that Dr. Dowie and his fol-lowers contemplate, any illegal acts. But the sentiment expressed by the Doctor is no leis mischievous because it is not likely to lead to overt acts of lawlessness. The assumption of a right to rule in God's name and for him, is much more to be feared than would be any overt act. The self-ap-pointed trustee of God is always an embezzler of the rights of men, and there are entirely too many such trustees doing business for the Lord (?) now. It is true that "the earth is the Lord's, and the fulness thereof," but for the time being he has "given it to the children of men." Therefore "government of the people, by the people and for the people" is a good thing. It is just the way the world ought to be governed, and such government has always been im-measurably better, when it was such indeed, than any government ever established and administered by self-appointed trustees of God. Dr. Dowie and his "Zion" movement are not to be feared, but every advocate of the dangerous doc-trine espoused by the Doctor and his disciples, namely, that the "right form of government is the rule of all things by God and for God," adds to the forces that are slowly, it may be true, but none the less surely undermining popular liberty in this land. For in practice such pretended government is only some man or some set of men exercising usurped author-ity, not indeed for God but for themselves, in His name. We are plainly told in the Scriptures (Ezek.  21:25-a7) that with the passing away of the Jewish theocracy such rule was to cease from the earth to "be no more until He come whose right it is," when it will be given "to Him." And it will be given to Him, not by any man nor by any set of men, but by the Father himself, as declared in the second psalm. Ł This particular feature of Dowism is only one manifestation of theocratical theory of civil govern-ment whose advocates under myriad names are stead-ily drawing together, and who will ere long make mischief in this country, and in the world. * *  A Cuban correspondent of the Catholic Standard and Times, writing from Havana under date of July 9, says of the operations of Protestants in the island: "Inasmuch as Cubans are, almost without excep-tion, baptized Catholics, those missionaries, in so far as their work is among the Cubans, cannot be looked upon other than as proselytizers, and, therefore, with disfavor ; but I have been following their work since the first days of the American occupation, and do not think there is really cause on the part of the Catholics for any particular anxiety on the subject." The public schools, this correspondent thinks, will entirely supplant the denominational schools now maintained by several different Protestant churches. He says : "I am happy to think, however, that many of those children will enter the public school next fall which has been organized since the missionaries began their labors ; and while no religious instruction will be al-lowed in those schools, they will be taught by Catho-lics who will not poison the minds of their pupils with error, and, eventually, when the Cubans regain their mental equilibrium, which has been considerably per-turbed by passing revolutions, I hope to see religious instruction made a part of the public school curricu-lum." The conclusion of the Times' correspondent is that "considerable money will be spent by our prosely-tizing friends at the expense of their home supporters, with little result save that of furnishing employment to hungry ministers. The harm they will do will be trifling compared to the genuine progress which their tactics will produce in the Catholic Church of the is-land." Sunday Reform Leaflets for April advocates a "civil Sabbath" because "distinguished economists say that men who have only six days' work do better work and more of it than those who work seven days;" and a religious Sabbath because "popular merrymaking on the Lord's day is usually a very accurate gauge of popular vice. The distinguished French infidel, Proudhon, speaking of France, says : 'Sunday in the towns is a day of rest without motive or end; an occa- 