196 AMERICAN SENTINEL. We entered into a sewing machine store and &Ind a corner where we could talk quietly, when she said:Š "The strangest thing has happened. Mr. R. came home the other day sober, threw a letter into my lap and said: 'Read that' ! It was your letter. I read it, he standing before me; I knew he was watching me close; 0, but I was afraid! I thought :Šshe does not dream of what she is doing to me by this letter. I did not dare let him know when I had finished it; I expected blows; I did not know what dreadful thing might happen, so I kept acting as though I could not quite make it all out; but at last he said : 'Well, what do you think of that?' I tried to answer carelessly, but I had to try two or three times before I could say, 'I don't know: what do you think?'" Then it was with tears and sobs mingled with laugh-ter that she tried to repeat what he had said. It was all so different from anything that she could have expected, as God's work always must be. "`Rory,' he said, 'it is God's truth, every word of it; I am a lost man, and I want you to pray for me.' Just think of that. He asked me to pray for him when I had expected curses and perhaps blows. 0, how I prayed ! We knelt there together for the first time in all our lives, and I never thought of a doubt or a fear. I just told Our Father all about him, and us all, and how J. cried and prayed ! I never would have believed it possible, for he never cries. He is a very proud man. It was a proof of God such as I have needed all these years. He has been converted truly, and I shall always be so glad it was at liome with me, for I thought he had no more love for me. I thought he hated me. I'should have supposed I must get out of the way if there had been any signs that he 'was thinking of trying to do different; that the sight of me would have driven every good thought away. God sent him home to me in this way,for my good I know. I wanted to fly to you, but we have had so much talking and praying to do that I couldn't get to it, until this morning. It has made a revolution in our home, and my boy feels the change already." I must leave my readers to imagine the song of praise -that filled our hearts, and the effect which this story of salvation had on me. It was a lesson to me, that I have tried never to forget; and as I recall it, it always stands as a demonstration of how truly the Holy Spirit has led us in ways that we had not known from the beginning of our work. This man's career was woven in with the development -of our rescue work for men, and he became one of our strong helpers. WHAT volumes have been written, what laborious "sermons" preached, what ingenuity exercised, on the part of men, to overthrow that simple statement of Scrip-ture which says, "The seventh day is the Sabbath" ! What a hard work it is, truly, for puny man to overthrow one of the words of God! Is well might one try to beat down Gibraltar with a club. Law Makers for the Universe. BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. GOD chose to make beings just like himself, only fi-nite, having limited powers, while his powers are unlim- ited. Ł His people are called "Sons of God." 1 John 3:2. The "brethren of the Son of God." Heb. 2:11, 17. They are said to be "partakers of the divine nature." They are called "gods," and it is said that in the future they are to be "equal unto the angels," and "as the angels." Now no series of appellations can be imagined which could show to as great a degree as do these terms, the dignity, the glory, of the position which God designed and designs thathis people shall occupy. "Sons of God," "partakers of the divine nature," what can be greater than this? They are then to be able to choose between good and evil just as independently as God himself would choose. They are called "gods" in Ps. 82:6. This is no mere fig-ure of speech or superlative expression; nothing of the kind. "God" is the family name, the title of grandeur, and they who are made God's sons and daughters, who actually partake of God's nature, as truly become Gods as children born into the Jones family become Jones. Read Daniel 4 for a description of King Nebuchad-nenar's period of lunacy and you will see that the angels may and do demand of the central government, the gov-ernment of heaven, the issuing of such decrees as are ne-cessary to the ruling of this world, and if of this world then of all worlds. The angels then have an important part to act in governing and ordering the affairs of the whole great universe, and God's children are to be equal unto the angels. They too will act just such a part; for Jesus says, they "shall sit with me in my throne;" and as the uni-verse was made by and for Christ (Col. 1:16), he will, under the Father's direction, rule the universe; and his people sitting with him, sharing with him "in his throne," will help him rule the universe. The people of God will judge angels and men. 1 Cor. 6:2, 3. "Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God." Pillars uphold the building; God's temple is the seat of his government, of his authority, the Capitol building of the whole universe of worlds. To be a pillar, an upholder, there, is to have a share in the government. "And I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the New Jerusalem, the city of my God, and I will write upon him my new name." Have you ever seen a sailor ashore from one of the huge battleships of the navy? And have you noted that across his breast, or on his cap, in bold letters, was printed the name of his vessel, "Kentucky," or "York-town," or "Illinois," or "Indiana"? Well, just so, as the 