682 AMERICAN SENTINEL. And yet, as the archbishop says in the same connec-tion, "every priest ( with the exception of a few natives) in the island of Luzon, outside of the walled city of Manila, is a prisoner of the insurgents;" and "For the past eighteen months . . , more than three hundred and fifty friars have been undergoing unheard-of tor-tures in insurgent dungeons." Putting the two statements together, it appears that the natives of Luzon have been "lifted out of sav-agery and brought under the blessed and refining influ-ences of Christianity" to such an extent that for the past eighteen months they have been subjecting the friars to "unheard-of tortures" in the dungeons where they are kept prisoners; and "whatever the natives are or have they owe to the friars." Verily, then, the friars are reaping only that which they have sown. This statement of the case by the archbishop is en-tirely plausible, but we fail to see how it vindicates the friars. ENGLAND has demanded that these men [the Uit-landers of the Transvaal] shall be admitted to citizen-ship. She presents the extraordinary spectacle of a nation insisting upon the expatriation of her own sub-jects and their absorption by a foreign country. It is a spectacle so grotesque, so palpably intended to mask a treacherous and wicked purpose that it amounts to an affront to the intelligence of the civilized world.Š Wash-ington Post. Thanksgiving and the Divine Guidance. THE President has issued the customary annual Thanksgiving proclamation, setting apart November 30 as a day on which he advises that religious exercises "be conducted in the churches or meeting places of all denominations," and that "prayers may be offered to the Most High for a continuance of the divine guid-ance." He also recommends that "so far as may be found practicable, labor shall cease from its accustomed toil, and charity abound toward the sick, the needy, and the poor." From this point of view, it is evident, all religions in the land that are represented by a congregation, no matter how they may conflict with one another, are considered equally good as a means of approaching the Most High. This impossible state of things must be as-sumed by the civil executive in order to avoid partiality and the arousing of religious controversy. As regards the divine guidance to be sought, there is no doubt it is greatly needed. But a point which should be kept in mind in connection with this exercise, is that God has already given all men and nations directions for their guidance in his holy Word. It is useless to pray  for guidance and not search the Word wherein are laid down the rules of all right conduct. To have exhorted the people to a study of the Scriptures would have been fully consistent with the rest of the proclamation. The Word of God, however, would be searched in vain for any warrant for engaging in war; and if people are really anxious for the divine guidance, they can find it abundantly on this point in the teachings of Christ and the apostles. But does the nation want to be guided that way? What are "American Interests?" New York "World," October 56. A DISPATCH from Washington yesterday said that the Administration has caused it to be made known in Europe that "American interests are too remote from the Transvaal conflict to justify any interference with the course of events." What are "American interests?" Do they relate to trade alone? When the "course of events" threatens the extinction of two sister republics, after a bloody conflict that already "staggers humanity," have the United States no interest in it? Have we no interest in freedom? Such was not the view of Daniel Webster when he spoke the sentiment of the nation in sympathy with the struggle of Greece for liberty. Such was not the feeling of the American people when they welcomed Kossuth. Such was not the determination of the country which forced President McKinley to deliver Cuba from the op-pression of Spain. Have we "no interest" in peace or in arbitration? Was the treaty of Washington a landmark, or a "dodge?" Was The Hague Peace Conference a piece of hypocrisy? Are "American interests" really covered by a dollar-mark? Not the Spirit of St. Paul. [THE following which is spoken by an English ex-change with reference to what is seen in England, is just as true of the like occasions in the United States:Š] This is the season of religious congresses. The "Free Church Council" was held not long since, then fol-lowed the Baptist Association, and now the Church Con-gress has just closed. One does not need to read the reports of these gatherings, but only to glance over them, to be most painfully impressed. Thickly sprinkled through the stenographic reports appear the words, "laughter," "loud laughter," "prolonged laughter," "applause," "cheers," etc., besides occasional mention of hisses or groans. It seems as though the spirit of these ministeria gatherings is far removed from that of Paul, who said 