246 THE AlVIERICA_N SENTINEL. situation if you will. As perilous as the conditions surrounding the Sabbath are, you can change them; not by prayer alone, but by work. Our Sunday laws are well nigh perfect, but they are not enforced. They can be. They will be if you will support and co-operate with our efforts. The Church and you must do their duty in this crisis. Ł-Ł Ł  National Reform Sympathy. THE official organ of the National Re-form Association, the Christian States-man, in its issue of July 2, publishes three articles and notes expressive of its sym-pathy for the persecuted Jews in Russia. The first one informs us that " there is no cessation in the persecution of the Jews in Russia. Not a week passes without some new persecuting ordinance. The latest are, one to compel all Jewish army doctors to resign or be converted to Chris-tianity, and another to expel all foreign Jews from southern Russia." Another article says :Š The abhorrence we feel at the persecution of a peaceful, law abiding people, whose real offense is that they are Jews, is an additional reason for our wishing Russia to enjoy the safeguards of a con-stitutional government. It would be well if the National Re-formers were sincere in their sympathy, but they are not. A book containing the proceedings of one of their national con- ventions, purchased at the office of the Christian Statesman, and for years adver-tised in that paper contains the following language :Š Our objectors, then, may learn that they are merely a body of men who are in their turn feel-ing the inconvenience of dissent. And they may be reminded that under our proposed amendment all the essentials of their citizenship will be none the less secure to them than they are now. The atheist is a man who denies the being of a God and a future life. To him mind and matter are the same, and time is the be-all and the end-all of consciousness and of character. The deist admits God, but denies that he has any such personal control over human affairs as we call providence, or that he ever manifests him-self and his will in a revelation. The Jew admits God, providence, and revela-tion, but rejects the entire scheme of gospel re-demption by Jesus Christ as sheer imagination, or, worse, sheer imposture. The Seventh day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined with the other members of this class by the accident of differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy. These are all, for the occasion, and so far as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together, which we very much regret, but which we cannot help. . . . They must be named from him [the atheist] ; they must be treated, for this question, as one party. What are the rights of the atheist ? I would tolerate him as I would tolerate a poor lunatic, for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator. The atheist is a dangerous man. . . . Tolerate atheism, sir ? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon. The atheist may live, as I said, but, God helping us, the taint of his destructive creed shall  not defile any of the civil institutions of all this fair land ! Let us repeat, atheism and Christianity are contradictory terms. They are incompatible systems. They cannot dwell together on the same continent. By comparing the foregoing quotations it will be seen that Russia is a typical Na-tional Reform country, so far as the treatment of dissenters is concerned. Any one who dares to open his mouth against the religion of the Czar, or against his political tyranny, runs the risk of losing his head, or of being banished from the country. After the National Reform style, the Czar has placed " all Christian laws, institutions and usages on an undeniable legal basis;" and whoever dares to ignore them is sure, as the Reformers say, to feel " the inconvenience of dissent." Both the Jews and. the Lutherans of Russia have for some time been feeling this in-convenience. When people are punished in Russia for refusing to obey what the Czar calls " Christian laws," the National Reformers cry out, " Religious persecution !" but for this country, they simply call it " feeling the inconvenience of dissent." And all who dare to use any " arguments " or " tactics " against their theories fall under their laws of proscription. Let an in-dividual use any arguments or tactics against a government which professes to rule in the name -of God, and to enforce his will, and he is pretty sure to suffer the inconvenience of losing all of his property, and finally his life. His prop-erty is needed for the support of the true religion; and as the man is opposed to God and his representatives here on the earth, he is dangerous to society, and ought to be killed or banished for the good of the State. The National Reform book already quoted, says further:Š To be in a minority involves more or less of in-convenience. In business, in politics, in fashion, in morals, and in religion, whoever differs materi-ally from the majority will certainly be made to feel it more or less in due time. All law, all government, will press somewhere occasionally, and it is the good citizen who maintains both his conscience and his independence by submitting to the pressure. Yes, we have heard about this " incon-venience " and " pressure " in almost every country on the globe. And we have no-ticed that the more National Reform-Amer ican-Sabbath-Union-paternalism there was in the government, the greater was the inconvenience and the pressure. The only way to maintain one's conscience and sub-mit to the pressure, is to disobey all laws that interfere with conscience, and then suffer the penalty. This is what Daniel and his companions did; and Christ and his apostles, with all the martyrs of the Dark Ages, pursued the same course. To be sure it was somewhat inconvenient to lose their heads, or to be crucified; to be shut up in filthy dungeons, and to be tor-tured on the rack; but not nearly so much so as it will be in the day of judg- ment for the intolerant bigots who did the persecuting. The sympathy which the Christian Statesman is continually expressing for the persecuted Jews in Russia, for the victims of the slave trade in Africa, and for the much abused Chinaman in Amer-ica is evidently all put on, to pull the wool over the eyes of the American people, so that the efforts of the Reformers to establish a religious despotism in this country will not create a suspicion that would be prejudicial to their success. It is the sympathy of the caged tiger for the hapless victim which has fallen a prey to his uncaged mate. Under National Reform rule, the Jews and the Chinese, with all others who dared to use any " arguments " or " tac-tics " against the so-called National Re-form, would find the oppression in this country the same as it is in Russia to-day, and the Christian Statesman knows it. Will the people allow themselves to be fooled ? A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Enforcing the Sunday Law. THE following appeared in the Ligonier (Indiana) Leader, of July 23 :Š A case of considerable public interest was tried before Squire Jackson on Monday, the plaintiff . being the people of the State of Indiana, and the defendant, Mr. Miller, who keeps the candy stand on the corner opposite the Ligonier house. The trial was by jury and resulted in a disagreement, nine being for conviction and three for acquittal. The prosecution grew out of the agitation of the Sunday closing law and was rather a test case, but owing to Miller being a poor man, or reported to be, he elicited sympathy through the efforts of his attorney, and as near as we can learn the jurors who were opposed to convicting him, were more or less influenced in that direction through sym-pathy. Whether the fight for Sunday closing is to be continued we do not know, but certainly the Law and Order League cannot stop at this juncture. If Sunday business is to be stopped it will re-quire vigilance and determination. It is not simply a question whether one or two poor men shall be prevented from doing business on Sunday, but whether there is a sentiment in this community sufficient to enforce a law that is in the interest of good morals and good government. The fight is now on and must be fought to the finish. There can be no backing down or postponement. But in this matter the extremes should be avoided. Let the spirit of the law be observed and good will result, but if the war is " carried into Africa," the end is likely to be damaging both to morals and the public good. Be careful. This editor talks out on the question with a good deal of earnestness and in no uncertain language. It is another proof of how men in all parts of our country are committing themselves to Sunday laws, and in doing that they are virtually acting over the scenes of the fourth cent-ury, that began with Sunday laws and ended in the supremacy of the Church, tyrannizing over the consciences of men during the long night of,  the Dark Ages. It is not a matter of surprise that the same paper publishes an announcement that the pastor of the Presbyterian Church would speak on the " Sabbath question " on the following Sunday evening. While this agitation is going on some one should be there to show up the fallacy of such work. 