712 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. The men who framed the Constitution thought that they had devised a scheme for the election of the chief magistrate Ł of the Republic, which would make him Olympian in his administration, and raise him above all party faction. They adopted the de-vice of a double election. The Constitution directs each State to choose a number of presidential electors equal to the number of its representatives in both houses of Congress. These electors are directed to meet some weeks later in their respective States, on a day fixed by law, and give their votes in writing for President and vice-President. It was thought that this plan would secure the choice by the best citizens of every State, in a quiet and deliberate manner, of the man whom they in their unfettered discretion shOuld deem most fitted to be chief executive of the Union. The votes were-not to be counted by States, so that the vote of each and every elector would have its full weight. No part of the Constitution has so utterly belied the expectations of the framers as this. The Presi-dent of the United States is not elected by a compara-tively small body of men, the best citizens of all the States. He is not elected by such men sitting in quietude in their different States, undisturbed by party orators and popular influences. The presi-dential electors have become a mere cog-wheel in the machine; a mere contrivance for giving effect to the decision of the people. "Their personal quali-fications are a matter of indifference. They have no discretion, but are chosen under a pledge." They are bOund to vote for a particular candidate. In choosing them the people virtually chose the ŁPresi-dent. That all of these things are not as the Fathers intended them is very evident. That the founders of the nation designed this double election in order to eliminate the influence of party is also patent. But their hopes have not been fulfilled, and in noth-ing does party and party Łmachinery control to a greater extent than in the chosing of the President of the United States. Party spirit now dominates, and party spirit, ac-cording to the thought of the Fathers,-is destructive ,of a really free and, popular form of government. But be it so. The ideals of Washington, and Adams, and Jefferson, and Madison have not been realized. The ideals of Christians, as far as the things of this world are concerned, are not realized. Nevertheless  we must labor on, pray on, and ask the great Dis-penser of events to bless our rulers and those in au- thority. PERCY T. MAGAN. APPLYING THE GOLDEN RULE. A WRITER on the solution of a certain question recently said, " We have committed the Golden Rule to heart: now let us commit it to life." Some may think this does not mean very much, but if once considered in all of its force and power it will be found to be the very best solution of every difficulty. Let us get this rule before us that we' may study it: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." MATT. 7: 12. This command has been usually called the Saviour's Golden Rule, a name given, to it on account of its great value. All that you expect or desire of others under sim-ilar circumstances, do to them. Act not from self-' ishness or injustice, but put yourself in the place of the other, and ask what you would expect of him then: This brings the living principle of the rule into the life and causes one to respect the rights, the privileges, and the honor 9f every other one. The Golden Rule committed to life makes one impartial and just in all things. It destroys envy, false conduct, unkindness, slander, theft, adultery, and murder. It, has been well said that this law is what the balance wheel is to machinery. It would prevent all irregularity of movement in the moral world, as that does in, a steam-engine. Its application is easy, and its justice is seen by all-  men, and when inwrought in the heart and re-duced to deeds, all will acknowledge its force and value. While reasoning together upon the quoted words above, an ancient rabbi said to a man: " Whatever is hateful to you, do .not do to another." All ex-isting difficulties could be settled by this rule, and obedience to it would prevent' further difficulties. The application of this rule, committed to life, would enlarge the sphere of justice for all men; but the principles must be applied in Christ's way. The Golden Rule must be applied in the individual life before it can be. applied in the collective life. Its power must be the Spirit of God received by faith. Politics, huMan science, and man-made theories are all powerless, but the Golden. Rule is all powerful in all men who commit it to life. Does any man wish, 