AMERICAN SENTINEL. 555 inal were yet innocent of actual moral transgression, for certainly they were good men! They must, we thought, be ignorant of the standard by which all legislation must be measured. "My people perish for lack of knowledge," said the Lord, and we concluded that for the same rea-son the Lord's people often produced conditions which were as destructive as Satan could wish, in which their fellow-creatures became so entangled that there was no way of escape. Then there came upon us a sense of obligation. Wo-man had through all the generations been shut in with the Bible by a peculiar environment which had contrib-uted to make her more or less a student of the Word, or at least to cause her to be a willing listener to those who taught its precepts; and the teaching had been of a na-ture to make her come to detect this legal traitor which stood on the statute books of the nation in direct antag-onism to the divine law. And the world had now to take the consequences both of having left woman so long shut in with this Word of truth, and of afterward thrusting her so suddenly out into the wide open places where the Civil War left her stranded. The light that had filled the home with the sweet and hallowed radiance of the gospel, and which the most worldly man loved to remember, and which he coveted for his son, suddenly, brought forth in three hundred thousand womanly hands, even if the tapers were small, burst upon the questions of the day with startling power, and every eye was offended at the hideousness which was revealed. The saloon keeper said, "It is a mean business that I am engaged in, and I would get out of it quick if all I had was not locked up in it." The lawyer who de-fended the saloonist, of course did not hesitate to say that he despised his client, but he was in court for a liv-ing, and must do the best he could to serve the man who paid him the best. Then we realized how the power of the Holy Spirit must be brought to bear upon all these men who were "under the law" before they could be delivered from this bondage of "time serving." I do not believe that any one class of worldly men ever have been more earnestly prayed for and labored with than the politicians of this nation. They certainly have had the gospel message taken to them through onr legal department as patiently and persistently as it has ever been carried by any missionary in any portion of the field of the world. Men who had never been in the habit of church-going, who had no use for temperance, were compelled to sit and listen while some earnest, motherly woman, whom they could but reverence, whom they could but choose to hear, poured out of a burning heart the most sublime truths of the gospel, as she made some appeal for purity of life and law in the name of, and for the sake of, the home, the growing boy and his mother. As they have many times confessed since those days, men's hearts failed them before these appeals, and it was not a strange sight to see them bow their heads and drop tears upon their beards. We had yet, howev-r, much to learn about political trickery, ambition, and s*  rife. We had yet to learn that the ability to weep like a farther, and to vote like a poli-ticianŠthings as far removed from each other as the east-from the westŠwere often found in the bosom of the same man. It will be seen from these statements that the legal work of the W. C. T. II. has always been quite as much evangelistic as anything else. The mission of the de-partment was that of a teacher of righteousness to those who had the responsibility of government in our nation. The "legal women" were personally gospel workers to a remarkable degree. The difference between them and their sister evangelists being more in the class of people to whom they went than in the truth which they taught, with perhaps this exception, that they made a special point of the most practical applications of the gospel that it was possible to make to ordinary affairs. Equal ity between man and man, fair dealing, purity in living and in legislation, were the special points upon which they hinged gospel truth. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 2. BY C. H. KESLAKE. JESUS CHRIST is "the truth;" the gospel of Christ is the truth; the law of God "is the truth.," and the Holy Spirit is the Spirit of Truth. Each is the sum of all truth. There is not more truth in one than there is in any one of the others, or all of the others combined. Truth being always consistent and harmonious with itself there can possibly be no conflict between Christ, the gospel, the law and the Holy Spirit. As therefore the law is "the truth," and that law says the seventh day is the Sabbath, it is absolutely impossi-ble that either Christ, the gospel, or the Holy Spirit can teach that any other day is the Sabbath. Of course this has been set forth in previous articles, and in various ways emphasized. But it will do us na harm to have it repeated again; especially as by the in-vincible forc3 of logic, the last great battle for truth is to center around this question of the Sabbath. Religious factions, which have been bitterly opposed to each other in the past over what is now regarded as minor points of doctrines, will be willing to bury their differences in a general rally around the Sabbath, which here must be understood to refer to Sunday. In other words it will make no difference what is taught, provided only they are orthodox upon this one question. In their eagerness to maintain the cause of Sunday the Protestants have shown themselves to be perfectly willing to join hands with the Roman Catholic Church, notwithstanding the bitter hatred in which she has been held by them in the past. From Luther's time down to within a recent period 