804 AMERICAN SENTINEL. An 'Sentinel. NEW TORE, DECEMBER 22, 1898. THIS issue of the SENTINEL, being No. 50, completes the volume. The next issue will be dated January 5, 1899. PRESIDENT MCKINLEY, says the London Chronicle, is understood to have given assurance to the Vatican that Catholics in the islands lately taken from Spain would enjoy the same liberty as Catholics in the United States. Whereat the pope is much rejoiced, and has sent the Pres-ident his warm thanks. What the pope and other Catho-lics were worrying about, was of course the Catholic Church property in these islands. There was no dan-ger that Catholics themselves would . be interfered with under American rule, but it was not improbable, judging from the history of Mexico and other Spanish-American coun-tries, that much of the enormous church property might be confiscated for civil uses. To prevent this the papal party have importuned the authority of the United States, mak-ing'it appear, of course, that such confiscation would be a sacrilegious robbery which the American Govern-ment was in duty bound to prevent. This church property was of course acquired in the usual way in which the papacy has acquired property in all lands where she has had absolute sway; which is to say that the people have been robbed and peeled by the priests until the church became im-mensely rich and the people corre-spondingly poor; and all this in order that the church might overawe the people by a display of wealth and magnificence, and make more secure her hold upon thefn in civil as well as spiritual affairs. And now, having robbed the country for centuries, she wants the United States to, guaran-tee that she shall not be obliged to give up any part of the spoils. And this, it appears, she has persuaded the Government to do. HAVE you seen the great bargain that is beingoffered for the holidays? "What bargain?"ŠWhy, the quarto-centennial edition of the Signs of the Times, 32 pages, illuminated cover, and profusely illustrated, for ten cents! But it is not the size of the paper, nor the illustrations, that con-stitute its real value, but the truths which it sets before the reader. These are just the truths that are most essential to your welfare,Šthe genu-ine diamonds and pearls from the hidden mine of wisdom and knowl-edge. No space or energy is wasted in an effort merely to please or' amuse; but while the aim is to please it is also, first and foremost, to im- part information the value of which cannot be measured in dollars and cents. Send for a copy, and if yon don't find it the best bargain you ever got for ten cents, you need never believe anything that we say again. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., Oakland, Cal. DEFERENCE for days of human ap-pointment always grows in a nation in proportion to the decrease among the people of deference for the day set apart by the Lord. _The devel-opment of this sentiment is illus-trated' in the followlikg paragraph from an article contributed to the Sunday-School Times, by Prof. A. B. Garner, of York, Pa., on the "duty" of a better observance of Thanks-giving:Š "It is our Christian duty. This day is not set aside by the church, to be sure, nor is it specifically ap-pointed in God's Word; but it is the one day of all the year in which we are called upon, as a people, by our chief executive, to perform a distinc-tively Christian duty, and to ignore it or to slight it is to turn our backs upon this proclamation that we are a religious, a God-fearing, people. It is the one opportunity given for us to show to the world that we are Christian. Only atheists and infidels refuse to give thanks, and, when we make our nation thus refuse, we brand ourselves au atheistic or infi-del people." The Lord gave the Sabbath to be a sign between his people and him-self, that they might show that they were not an atheist or heathen peo- ple, but worshipers of the true God, the Creator. But to observe a day of human appointment, in deference to the command of an earthly power, is a proceeding which savors only of the human, and is therefore atheistic in its very nature. If you are supplied with a good Bible yourself, why not make a present to your friend of one of our beautiful-Self-Pronouncing Combina-tion Bibles, who Will cer-tainly very highly appreci-ate it and be agreeably sur-prised to find his or her name in fine gold letters on the cover. The Bible is an appro-priate gift to young or old and your act will be in the line of true missionary work. See special "Reduction-in-Price" offer below. A Reduction  in Price, "Sentinel" Subscribers the Beneficiaries, FOR 16 days only. To any subscriber of the Sentinel sending us an order for our Premitim Bible, accompanied with a Postal Money Order or Express Money Order or Bank Draft on New York City, dated in 1898, we will send as follows:ŠThe Bible alone, postpaid, $2.25 The Bible, and Sentinel one year, 3.00 This applies to renewals and new subscriptions alike. The Bible may be  sent to one ad-dress, the  Sentinel to another. Any name put on the Bible in gold letters for 25 cents extra. We have the Bible with all the Teachers' Helps, or with the Con-cordance alone, or with the Maps only. In the last two styles it is thinner, and therefore ha ndier and more easily carried. Note carefully, this offer ends with you December 31, 1898. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York, 