96 THE Ai IERICA.N SENTINEL. Arr2eigicaq geOir2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER, 1888. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers td pay for the same. READ the SENTINEL this month from begin-ning to end, if you never did before. You cannot afford to lose any of it. THERE are many things which we find on our table, which should be noticed this month, but lack of time and space forbid. Questions have been sent that should- have immediate answer in the SENTINEL, but which must be deferred until next month. The field is widening, and we could easily fill two SEN-TINELS every month. -s e 4.,  THE next National Convention of the Wom-an's Christian Temperance Union is to be held in San Francisco, in October, 1889. It is expected that five hundred delegates will be present. We shall be much interested to see how far they have progressed during the year, in the line of party politics and National  Reform. .1 46- 44,  FOR the benefit of several who have made inquiries, we will state that Senator Blair is from New Hampshire, and is a Republican. It is also true that he, like many other Re-publicans, and Democrats also, is a prohibi-tionist. That is, he believes in prohibiting the liquor traffic, but does not, as yet, believe in separate party action for that purpose. His introduction of the Sunday bill was an individual matter, and cannot be considered as committing his party to any such policy. 0  WE have received several very appreciative letters lately, which are a source of great en-couragement to us. Some of these have been from men professing to be infidels. We are sure that there are scores and hundreds of in-fidels to-day who were made so by false teach-ing concerning the Scriptures, and by being made to feel, by the actions of professed Christians, that the Bible sanctions injustice. The mission of the SENTINEL is to uphold per-fect liberty, and to show that true liberty can be found nowhere else excepting in the Bible and Christianity. In consequence of this, we expect to see many avowed infidels renounce their opposition to the Bible, and become free _men indeed: That men might know the troth and be made free by it, is our most ear-nest desire. IN his report to the Christian Statesman of November 15; Secretary Weir says :Š "It was my privilege to speak, October 9, to the R. P. Presbytery of Pittsburg, on their invitation. The subject treated was the lat-est development of the National Reform move-ment, viz., in the line...of practical politics,  pressing its principles upon the various polit-ical parties for adoption." " October 11 the Pennsylvania W. C. T. U. gave opportunity to briefly speak on the same phase of the movement, and to ask their help. It was one of the experiences indeed to speak before a thousand Christian women. They unanimously adopted a resolution af-firming National Reform principles as appli-cable to civil and political affairs, asking the women of their Unions to urge them on the various political parties. " To give effect to this, and to forward our principles in general, they created a new de-partmentŠthat of National Reform. This of course means a State superintendent for it, and county and local officers, just as in other departments. What opportunities will this give for mutual co-operation, distributing our literature, arranging for lectures or sermons, conventions, etc., as well as carrying the dis-cussion of our principles just where it is so grievously needed, before the political parties." Facts speak for themselves. It does not need a prophet to tell just what the W. C. T. U. of Pennsylvania, at least, is running into. *I 0 0 THE National Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union proposes to make Christ "this world's king; yea, verily THIS WORLD'S king in its realm of Cause and effect; king of its courts, its camps, its commerce; king of its colleges and cloisters; king of its customs and its constitutions." But Christ himself de-clared, "My kingdom is not of THIS WORLD." Therefore it follows that the kingdom which the Woman's Christian Temperance Union proposes to establish in this world is not the kingdom of Christ at all, but if established will be but a counterfeit of it, and that will be only a likeness of the Papacy. Christ says, " My kingdom is not of this world; " the Woman's Christian Temperance Union says, " Christ shall be this world's king ; " therefore the word of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is flatly against the word of Christ, and therefore that part of the work of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, is antichris-tian. we  THE Christian Statesman doubtless rejoices to be able to print the following:Š "The Eighth District Woman's Christian Temperance Union Convention, at Augusta, Wis., October 2, 3, and 4, passed this resolu-tion:Š " WHEREAS, God would have all men honor the Son, even as they honer the Father; and, WHEREAS, The civil law which Christ gave from Sinai is the only perfect law that will secure the rights of all classes; therefore, "Resolved, That civil government should recognize Christ as -the moral GoNtrnor, and his law as the standard of legislation." Comment seems almost unnecessary, and all we will say at this time is that the above is of the low view of the law of God that is held, and must of necessity be held, by Na-tional Reformers. The law given from Sinai was not a civil law. If it were a civil law, why would it require to be administered by a moral governor? If the law of God could be the standard in civil legislation, then it would cease to be the -wonderful law that it is. But the thing which we wish to have remembered is the adoption of National Reform principles by the W. C. T. U. ABOUT a year ago the School Board of Pitts-burg, Pa., made a Catholic priest principal of one of the city schools; but as there was much stir made about it, the priest retired from the position. It appears now, however, that he only let go to get a better hold; for the Cath-olics have now established a parochial school in the same public-school building, The dis-patches say that the Protestants protest; but they cannot consistently protest for two rea-sons: 1. They demand that religion shall be taught in the public schools, and that is what the Catholics are teaching in that school Šit seems to be a fact also that the children in that ward are almost wholly Catholic. 2. Christianity is the established religion of the State of Pennsylvania, and as even Prot-estants admit that the Catholic Church is a part of Christianity, that church has a right to claim the help of the -State in teaching the State religion. There . is a real need that there should be some Protestants in Pennsyl-vania who should protest, but whenever it is done, the protest will have to be against Prot-estantism itself as well as'against Catholicism. THE following, from the November num-ber of Our Day, Joseph Cook editor-in-chief, should be noted by those who think that Church and State union is not possible in this country:Š " Five million signatures to a petition to Congress for laws promoting a better observ-ance of Sunday have now been obtained. The National -Woman's Christian Temperance Un-ion Convention have voted to make the ad-vancement of this petition a special and ur-gent work. The most influential indorsement which the petition against Sunday work in the mail and military service and. in interstate commerce has yet received was given unani-mously and enthusiastically on October 18, at Richmond, Va., by the International Con-vention of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, after two hours' thorough consider-ation of the subject, under the lead of the editor of our department of Church Work [Rev. W. F. Crafts]. Let all labor organiza-tions, large and small, and all churches, do likewise speedily, and the desired law will not be long in coming. Churches and labor unions combined are politically irresistible." But let it be borne in mind that when churches become politically irresistible, they are spiritually powerless, for they never seek political strength until they become conscious of diminishing moral force. SEVERAL hundred subscriptions to the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL expire with this number. Please renew promptly. See terms below. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO _/ The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, Ł both civil and religious It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tenjil toward a.union of Church and State, either in name or in-fab SingZe Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - SOc. To foreign countries, single subscription. post-paid, - 2s. Address, ALIEHICAN SENTINEL, 1019 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 