OCTOBER 8, 1896. A.1011ElEtICA_N" SIEN9rIN1IL, 319 justifiable as any revolution. But these cases are rare. The second course will, in general, commend itself to considerate and conscien-tious men. It is a testimony against the law as unrighteous, and, at the same time, a recognition of government as a grave interest. It is often urged that the right of private judgment, as now maintained, in reference to obedience to the laws of the land, will sub-vert government, and introduce confusion and anarchy. . . The danger, however, is greatly over-estimated. Government is never the gainer in the execution of a law that is manifestly unjust. . . . Conscientious men are not the enemies, but the friends, of any government but a tyranny. They are its strength, and not its weakness. Daniel, in Babylon, praying, contrary to the law, was the true friend and supporter of the govern-ment; while those who, in their pretended zeal for the law and the constitution, would strike down the good man, were its real en-emies. It is only when government trans-cends its sphere, that it comes in conflict with the consciences of men. But it is objected that the example is cor-rupting, that a bad man will violate a good law, because the good man refuses to obey a wicked law. The cases are just as unlike as right and wrong, and any attempt to justify the one by the other, is gross dishonesty. Unquestionably, the principle can be abused by the wicked, and so can any truth, whatever, but the principle of unquestioning obedience to human law, is false, and needs no perver-sion to make it mischievous. Practically, the cases are few, in well-established govern-ments, where the law encroaches upon the rights of conscience; but if the principle be surrendered, the cases will multiply. Ł Ł . The most grievous of all imperfections in gov-ernment, is the failure to secure the just and good result. In justice and oppression are not made tolerable, by being in strict accord-ance with the law. Nothing is surer, in the end, than the reaction of such wrong to break down the most perfectly constituted govern-ment.ŠFairchild's Moral Philosophy, pp. 178-186. NEWS AND NOTES. HOTEL keepers at South Beach, Staten Island, are awaiting the outcome of a case in the courts which will test the legality of Sunday dancing in such es-tablishments. If the result is as they hope, they will give dances every Sunday evening during the winter. THE legal committee of the public school Charter Association of San Francisco, Cal., has decided that a clause in the new charter barring from the ranks of primary or grammar school teachers all persons who have not been educated in the public school system of California, is unconstitutional and void. AT Freeport, Ill., October 1, Rev. John G. Wooley addressed the ministers of the Rock River conference in language which reflected severely upon the national Republican party nominee, Mr., McKinley, for failure to declare against monopolies and trusts, and declared that all the latter were behind him to secure his election. A majority of the conference promptly drew up and signed a resolution of censure upon Mr. Wooley for such expression of his sentiments. THE "Business Men's National Campaign Commit-tee " have sent out a letter to the Catholic clergy of the country, attacking the Democratic platform, mak-ing allusion to "the patriotism and eminent public services of the late Most Reverend Archbishop Hughes  and many others of the Roman Catholic clergy, when the integrity of our government was threatened on a former occasion," and calling upon the clergy to throw their influence against the political movement which aims at securing a decision in the presidential contest which " would be thoroughly immoral and would precipitate an ethical and material calamity of incalculable magnitude." Similar letters, it is said, have been sent to the clergy of all denominations. POLICE Commissioner Roosevelt, of New York City, has been asked by Mayor Strong to set up a standard of sacredness by which to test Chinese Sunday con-certs. This is the result of a plea made by Chinese merchants for exemption from police interference with their Sunday concerts, which they said would cause them a loss during the year of $10,000. They affirmed that the concerts were in every way sacred, and had a tendency to educate the audiences in the principles of Confucius. IN a sermon delivered in the First Presbyterian Church, Washington, September 27, Rev. T. De Witt Talmage touched upon the subject of pulpit politics in these words: "Every minister must do as he feels called on to do, and I will not criticise him for doing what he considers his duty; but all the political har-angues from pulpits from now until the 3rd of Nov-ember will not in all the United States change one vote, but will lecoie many ears stopped against any-thing that such clerymen may utter the rest of their lives." A CRUSADE against Sunday 'golf playing has been inaugurated by some citizens of Staatsburg, Duchess County, N. Y., the offenders being representatives of New York's " four hundred," who have residences in or near the village. A sermon delivered by the Rev. Mr. Miles in Staatsburg on a recent Sunday gave the signal for the battle. "If there are any Christians in this place," he said, "they will see that these people stop their sports on Sunday." Quite a number seem to have availed themselves of this opportunity to dem-onstrate their Christianity. THAT political sentiment is with the clergy, as with other people, a matter of personal opinion, was evi-denced by a sermon delivered by Rev. Herbert N. Casson, in the "Labor Church" at Lynn, Mass., Sep-tember 27, in which the speaker was as outspoken in his praise of candidate W. J. Bryan and that for which he stands as the pulpit politicians have gener-ally been during this campaign in denunciation of the same. Mr. Casson stated at the outset that his ser-mon would be a political one, on which account he would omit the reading of the usual Scripture lesson. THE legality of Sunday work by Hebrews is to be tested in the city of Portland, Maine. The "law" in that place forbids keeping open places of business on the " sabbath," and is a statute handed down from Puritan times, but not regarded as worthy of enforce-ment in more recent years. But the Sunday observ-ance movement having reached Portland, there has been observable of late a tendency to make use of this "blue law," which resulted in the arrest on the 27th inst. of two Hebrews, Messrs. Press and Berman, who were keeping "open shop." The former pleaded not guilty, but the latter admitted the charge against him, and in court stated that his store was kept closed on Saturdays, and that for seven years past he had been doing business on Sundays without molestation; also that "a lot of others" kept open on Sunday the same as he did. He gave notice that he would appeal from any sentence that might be imposed in the lower court, and was released on $100 bail. Press based his plea of " not guilty " upon the fact that bakery carts and milk wagons were run on Sundays as on other days; but the court explained that these were not parallel cases, since neither a milk wagon nor a bakery cart is an "open shop." In the light of this  revelation Mr. Press decided that he would comply with the statute, upon promise to do which the judge suspended sentence. Meanwhile explicit or-ders were issued to the police of the city to arrest all Hebrews found hereafter keeping open shop on Sunday. Large Type E3 I 13 1_, 1-A.  For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column book like most Bibles, the full size of page being 512  x 8N in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The burnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Pica Type in Bible No. 1730. this are usually elderly persons, andwant simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is printed from clear, nbw, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. Sent postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. PRICE No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, RoUnd Cor-ners. Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City. Mo. TREATWITH THE YOUR CATARRH 64  SUCCESS " NASAL SYRINGE Remedies are useless unless They are applied to the disease. The "Success" will do this by .4 means of a soft rubber tube inserted in the nasal cavity. as shown by cut. Catarrh can be CURED with this syringe by the simple use of Glycerine, diluted with water. Sent postpaid on receipt of 75c. Address, A. HALLETT, 39 Bond Street, New York City. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Rich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. IS T. A. C. & G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. 