MAY 7, 1896. ..A.A11=1L-tICA.N.  SkiNTIC1 INTIEI4 147 addressed them for protection; they succored them against their enemies, took the titmost pains in terminating their differences, and in suppressing all troubles which arose among them, and did not demand the least recom-pense for all these services done for their al-lies. By these means their authority gained strength daily and prepared the nations for entire subjection. " Under the pretense of manifesting their good will, of entering into their interests and of reconciling them, they rendered themselves sovereign arbiters of those whom they had restored to liberty, and whom they now con-sidered, in some measure, as their freedmen. They used to depute commissioners to them to inquire into their complaints, to weigh and examine the reasons on both sides, and to de-cide their quarrels; but when the articles were of such a nature that there was no possibility of reconciling them on the spot, they invited them to send their deputies to Rome. But afterwards they used to summon those who refused to be reconciled, obliged them to plead their cause before the Senate and even, to ap-pear in person there. From arbiters and mediators having become supreme judges, they soon assumed a magisterial tone, looked upon their decrees as irrevocable deCisions; were greatly offended when the most implicit obedience was not paid to them, and gave the name of rebellion to a second resistance. Thus there arose, in the Roman Senate, a tri-bunal, which Judged all Nations and Kings, and from which there was no appeal. This tribunal, at the end of every war, determined the rewards and punishments due to all par-ties. They dispossessed the vanquished na-tions of part of their territories, to bestow them on their allies, from which they reaped a double advantage; for they thereby engaged in the interest of Rome such kings as were in no way formidable to them, and weakened others whose friendship the Romans could not expect, and whose arms they had reason to dread. "We shall hear one of the chief magistrates in the republic of the Achteans inveigh strongly in a public assembly against this unjust usur-pation, and ask by what title the Romans were empowered to assume so haughty an ascendant over them; whether their republic was not as free and independent as that of Rome; by what right the latter pretended to force the Achmans to account for their conduct, whether they would be pleased should the Achaeans, in their turn, offically pretend to inquire into their affairs, and whether there ought not to be an equality between them. All these reflections were very reasonable, just and un-answerable, and the Romans had no advant-age in the question but force. How the Romans Treated Kings. " They acted in the same manner, and their politics were the same with regard to their treatment of kings. They first won over to their interests such among them as were the weakest, and consequently, the less formidable; they gave them the titles of allies, whereby their persons were rendered, in some measure, sacred and inviolable, and to a degree safeguarded against other kings more powerful than themselves; they in-creased their revenues and enlarged their territories, to let them see what they might expect from their protection which had raised the kingdom of Pergamos to such a pitch of grandeur. " After this the Romans invaded, upon different pretenses, those great potentates who divided Europe and Asia. And how haughtily did they treat them even before they had conquered. A powerful king, con-fined within a narrow circle by a private man of Rome, was obliged to make his answer before he quitted it; how imperious was this! But how did they treat vanquished kings ? They commanded them to deliver up their children, and the heirs of their crowns, as hostages and pledges of their fidelity and good behavior; obliged them to lay down their arms; forbade them to declare war, or to conclude any alliance without first obtaining their leave; banished them to the other side of the mountains, and left them, in strictness of speech, only an empty title and a vain shadow of royalty, divested of its rights and advantages. Enemies to Liberty Everywhere. " We have no room to doubt that provi-dence had decreed to the Romans the sov-ereignty of the world, and the Scriptures had prophecied their future grandeur; but they were strangers to those divine oracles; and besides, the bare prediction of their con-quests was no justification with regard to them. Although it be difficult to affirm, and still more so to prove, that this people had from their first rise, formed a plan, in order to conquer and subject all nations; it cannot be denied, if we examine their whole conduct attentively, that it will appear that they acted as if they had a foreknowledge of this, and that a kind of instinct determined them to conform to it in all things. " But, be this as it may, we see, by the event, to what this so much boasted lenity and moderation of the Romans was confined. Enemies to the liberty of all nations, having the utmost contempt for kings and mon-archies, looking upon the whole universe as their prey, they grasped with insatiable am-bition, the conquest of the whole world; they seized indiscriminately all provinces and kingdoms, and extended their empire over all nations; in a word, they prescribed no other limits to their vast projects than those which deserts and seas made it impossible to pass." This Statement True of the Papacy To-day. This statement of Rome's policy and its workings is as true and as appropriate in the case of the Roman Church and the American Republic to-day, as it is in the case of the Roman State and the Grecian Republics in all time. It describes the pol-icy of Leo XIII. and the ultimate purpose of the Papacy toward the Government and people of the United States; toward the workingmen; as the self-appointed intermed-iary between capital and labor; and the would-be arbiter of the world, to-day, as truly as it describes the policy of the Roman Senate and its ultimate purpose towards the governments and peoples of Grecia and the other nations of antiquity. Nor is The Identity of This Policy in Rome to-day, and in Rome of old, denied by the Papacy. In fact, it is asserted by the Papacy, and the continuance of this policy from ancient Rome is the acknowledged inspi-ration of modern Rome. When Imperial Rome was falling to ruins under the violent inroads of the barbarians of the North, the spirit and policy of Rome not only survived but was deepened and perfected in papal Rome. And this spirit and policy were consciously and intentionally continued by the popes of the time and was consciously Book XVIII., chap. I., section VII., under "Reflections on the Conduct of the Romans," etc. received and diligently cultivated by each succeeding pope. It has been said of Leo II. that " all that survived of Rome, of her unbounded ambi- tion, her inflexible perseverance, her dignity in defeat, her haughtiness of language, her belief in her own eternity, and in her inde-feasible title to universal dominion, her re-spect for traditionary and written law, and of unchangeable customs, might seem concen-trated in him alone."' At the very moment of his election he was absent in Gaul on a mission as mediator to reconcile a dispute between two of the principal men of the empire. He succeeded in his mission and was hailed as " The Angel of Peace," and the "Deliverer of the Empire." In a sermon, he showed what his ambition embraced. He portrayed the powers and glories of the former Rome as they were reproduced in Catholic Rome. The conquests and universal sway of heathen Rome were but the promise of the conquests and universal sway of Catholic Rome. Romulus and Remus were but the precursors of Peter and Paul. Rome of former days had by her armies conquered the earth and sea: now again, by the see of the holy blessed Peter as head of the world, Rome, through her divine religion, would dominate the earth.' Truly "Rome never changes." This is "his policy," craft and hypocrisy, hypocrisy and craft, always employed to feed an insatiable ambition for universal dominion. "Rome never changes." In " policy," in spirit, in working, in essential nature, Rome never has changed and never can change. And it is high time that the people of this country and of the world understood the full signifi-cance of this boast of the Roman Catholic Church. A GOOD DEFENSE. THE Wilkesbarre Record of April 24 con-tains the following defense made by the three Koenig brothers, Seventh-day Adventist far-mers living in the vicinity of Wilkesbarre, Pa., who, as noticed in our last issue,Ł are now threatened with prosecution for pursuing their customary occupations on Sunday:Š Editor Record: Your issue of Wednesday contained an item relating to our religious belief and practice regarding the Sabbath; will you kindly permit us to make a brief statement of our attitude toward the Sabbath question and our attitude toward our neigh-bors whose belief and practice differ from our own. It is true that we have lately changed our views re-garding Sunday observance. Until recently we were conscientious observers of Sunday, the first day of the week, supposing that we were thereby obeying the will of God as revealed in his word; but recently we have come to believe that to obey the fourth com-mandment we must observe the seventh day, or Sat-urday, as therein commanded. We are as conscien-tious in this belief as we were in our former belief, but still willing to be convinced of our error (if such it be) with scriptural testimony. As stated in your columns, we labor on the first day of the week, considering it one of the "six days" upon which labor may be performed, as set forth in the commandment. Our work is not of a noisy char-acter and is not performed where it will disturb either the public or private devotions of our neighbors. We are endeavoring to follow the Golden Rule in all our relations with our neighbors, and would not know-ingly do unto them that which we would not be will-ing to have done to us. We are sorry to see some of our neighbors laboring on the day we now regard as holy, but we think it un-christian for us to attempt to harass them by legal action, as we understand a few of our neighbors pro-pose to do with us. If we are wrong the Lord of Sun-day will reckon with us in the judgment, and so long as our work on Sunday does not injure our neighbors in any way, but is wholly a matter which belongs 4 millman's "History of Latin Christianity," book 2, chap. 4. 