THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 291 ing the observance of Sunday, is requiring submission and obedience to the authority of the Catholic Church, for there is no other authority for Sunday observance. It was therefore perfectly fitting that in the chief speech that was made in favor of the Sunday bill in the Senate (the speech of Senator Hawley of Connecticut), the chief place in the speech should be given to the views of Catholic archbish-ops upon the subject. But the authority of the Catholic Church is no authority at all; it is only usurpation and fraud, and its Sunday sacredness is a falsehood. Therefore it is that the Congress of the United States, in legislating in behalf of Sunday observance, has committed itself, and the Government of the United States, to a falsehood. And not only to a false-hood, but to a papal falsehood. And we ref use to recognize it or yield any respect to it as either true or right. The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord, and Sunday is not the Sabbath. The seventh day is the Lord's day, and Sunday is not. The seventh day is the sacred day and the only sacred day, and Sunday is not at all a sacred day. For thus saith the Lord :Š Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath -.day, and hallowed it.ŠEx. 20: 8-11. And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.ŠGen. 2: 3. This is the position and the protest of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL now and al-ways. The Supreme Court Establishes a Na-tional Religion. THE methods by which it has been at-tempted to secure a union of religion and the State in this country have been vari-ous. The sought-for end has been ob-tained in a manner unlooked for either by those who desired its consummation, or by those who opposed it. The first persist-ent, organized effort was to secure the insertion of the name of God in the Con-stitution with such language as should declare a governmental acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and indicate this to be a Christian Nation. No direct efforts to gain this ever met with a shadow of success. In the Forty-ninth Congress began the present agitation to secure congressional legislation upon the observance of Sun-day, bills to that end were introduced in the Fiftieth, Fifty-first, and Fifty-sec-ond Congress. The first positive step in the governmental establishment of a na-tional religion, however, was to come from the judiciary, instead of from the legislative branch of the Government. The adverse opinion of Judge Hammond, of the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Tennessee, Aug. 1, 1891, in the appealed case of R. M. King, convicted on indictment for Sunday labor, foreshadowed the judicial status on this question. Feb. 29, 1892, Mr. Justice Brewer, of the United States Supreme Court, delivered the opin-ion of the Court in the matter of the Rector, etc., of the Church of the Holy Trinity, of New York City vs. the United States. In this case an English clergyman came to New York under con-tract to serve a religious body in a minis-terial capacity. The contract labor law was invoked, and it was held that the law had been violated. The case was appealed to the United States Supreme Court. In this matter the ground of decision would seem to have been simple enough. Questions pertaining to religion, or the ecclesiastical business of religious bodies, are not within the sphere of congressional legislation. They are not within the ju-risdiction of civil courts. They are ex-cluded by the language, spirit and intent, of the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion. Legislation by Congress including such matters would have been unconstitutional and void. This would have been the cor-rect view. But this view Justice Brewer did not take. He took it for granted that Congress may properly legislate as to ministerial and missionary labor, and argued for a restricted interpretation in this case, admitting this class of laborers. Following this division of his argument, he says :Š COLONIAL CHARTERS ESTABLISH A UNION OF RE-LIGION AND THE STATE. No purpose of action against religion can be im-puted to any legislation, State or Nation, because this is a religious people. This is historically true. From the discovery of this continent to the present hour there is a single voice making this affirmation. The commission to Christopher Columbus, prior to his sail westward, is from " Ferdinand and Isa-bella, by the grace of God, King and Queen of Castile," &c., and recites that "it is to be hoped that by God's assistance some of the continents and islands in the ocean will be discovered," &c. The first colonial grant, that made to Sir Walter Raleigh in 1584, was from "Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, Fraunce and Ireland, queene, defender of the faith," &c. ; and the grant authorizing him to enact statutes for the govern-ment of the proposed colony provided that "they be not against the true Christian faith nowe pro-fessed in the Church of England." The first charter of Virginia, granted by King James I in 1606, after reciting the application of certain par-ties for a charter, commenced the grant in these words: "We, greatly commending, and graciously accepting of, their Desires for the Furtherance of so noble a Work, which may, by the Providence of Almighty God, hereafter tend to the Glory of his Divine Majesty, in propagating of Christian Religion to such People, as yet live in Darkness and miserable Ignorance of the true Knowledge and Worship of God, and may in time bring the Infidels and Savages, living in those parts, to hu-man Civility, and to a settled and quiet Govern-ment ; DO, by these our Letters-Patents, graciously accept of, and agree to, their humble and well-intended Desires." Language of similar import may be found in the subsequent charters of that colony, from the same King, in 1609 and 1611; and the same is true of the various charters granted to the other colonies. In language more or less emphatic is the establish-ment of the Christian religion declared to be one of the purposes of the grant. The celebrated com-pact made by the Pilgrims in the Mayflower 1620, recites: "Having undertaken for the Glory of God, and Advancement of the Christian Faith, and the Honour of our King and Country, a Voyage to plant the first Colony in the northern parts of Virginia; Do by these Presents, solemnly and mutually, in the Presence of God and one another, covenant and combine ourselves together into a civil Body Politick, for our better Ordering and Preservation, and Furtherance of the Ends afore-said." The fundamental orders of Connecticut, under which a provisional governmei was instituted in 1638-1639, commence with this declaration : " For-asmuch as it bath pleased the Almighty God by the wise disposition of his diuyne pruidence so to Order and dispose of things that we the Inhab-itants and Residents of Windsor, Hartford and Wethersfield are now cohabiting and dwelling in and vppon the River of Conectecotte and the Lands thereunto adioyneing ; And well knowing where a people are gathered togather the word of God requires that to mayntayne the peace and vnion of such a people there should be an orderly and decent Geuernment established according to God, to order and dispose of the affayres of the  people at all seasons as occation shall require; doe therefore assotiate and conioyne our selues to be as one Publike State or Comonwelth ; and doe, for our selues and our Successors and such as shall be adioyned to vs att any tyme hereafter, enter into Combination and Confederation togather, to mayn-tayne and presearue the liberty and purity of the gospell of our Lord Jesus wch we now p'fesse, as also the disciplyne of the Churches, wch according to the truth of the said gospell is now practised amongst vs." In the charter of privileges granted by William Penn to the province of Pennsylvania, in 1701, it is recited : " Because no People can be truly happy, though under the greatest Enjoyment of Civil Liberties, if abridged of the Freedom of their Con-sciences, as to their Religious Profession and Wor-ship; and Almighty God being the only Lord of Conscience, Father of Lights and Spirits; and the Author as well as Object of all divine Knowledge, Faith and Worship, who only doth enlighten the Minds, and persuade and convince the Under-standings of People, I do hereby grant and de-clare," &c. THE DECLARATION CLASSED WITH COLONIAL CHARTERS. Coming nearer to the 'present time, the Declar-ation of Independence recognizes the presence of the Divine in human affairs in these words: "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness." " We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Con-gress, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare," &c. ; "And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the Protection of Divine Prov-idence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes, and our sacred Honor." STATE CONSTITUTIONS ALSO UNITE RELIGION AND STATE. If we examine the Constitutions of the various States we find in them a constant recognition of religious obligations. Every Constitution of every one of the forty-four States Contains language which either directly or by clear implication recog-nizes a profound reverence for religion and an as-sumption that its influence in all human affairs is essential to the well being of the community. This recognition may be in the preamble, such as is found in the Constitution of Illinois, 1870: " We, the people of the State of Illinois, grateful to Al-mighty God for the civil, political, and religious liberty which He hath so long permitted us to en-joy, and looking to him for a blessing upon our endeavors to secure and transmit the same unim-paired to succeeding generations," etc. It may be only in the familiar requisition that all officers shall take an oath closing with the declara-tion "so help me God." It may be in clauses like that of the Constitution of Indiana, 1816, Article XI, section 4: " The manner of administering an oath or affirmation shall be such as is most consist-ent with the conscience of the deponent, and shall be esteemed the most solemn appeal to God." Or in provisions such as are found in Articles 36 and 37 of the Declaration of Rights of the Constitution of Maryland, 1867: " That as it is the duty of every man to worship God in such manner as he thinks most acceptable to him, all persons are equally en-titled to protection in their religious liberty ; where-fore, no person ought, by any law, to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious persuasion or profession, or for his religious prac-tice, unless, under the color of religion, he shall disturb the good order, peace, or safety of the State, or shall infringe the laws of morality, or in-jure others in their natural, civil or religious rights ; nor ought any person to be compelled to frequent or maintain or contribute, unless on con-tract, to maintain any place of worship, or any ministry ; nor shall any person, otherwise compe-tent, be deemed incompetent as a witness, or juror, on account of his religious belief : Provided, He believes in the existence of God, and that, under his dispensation, such person will be held morally accountable for his acts, and be rewarded or pun-ished therefor, either in this world or the world to come. That no religious test ought ever to be re-quired as a qualification for any office of profit or trust in this State, other than a declaration of be-lief in the existence of God ; nor shall the legisla-ture prescribe any other oath of office than the oath prescribed by this Constitution." Or like that in Articles 2 and 3, of Part 1st. of the Constitution of Massachusetts, 1780: " It is the right as well as the duty of all men in society publicly and at stated seasons, to worship the Supreme Being, the great Creator and Preserver of the universe. , . As the happiness of a people and the good 