116 AMERICAN SENTINEL. their hands and living in a land of comparative religious -freedom, could not be satisfied to enjoy religious liberty. 'The absurdity of the state attempting to regulate reli- gious matters is forcibly expressed by Rev. Minot J. Sav-age, in The Forum. He says:Š "One of the most needed, as it is one of the most diffi--cult, of all reforms, is that which aims at having the state mind its own business. This includes two things, letting -alone what is not its business, and really minding what is. In the light of legal history, one of the most curious things is the still-surviving popular faith in mere laws aŁs a means of preventing evil and accomplishing good. The statute books of even our young country are chiefly old lumber rooms. But, beyond this, and more mischievous still, is the fact that the state is continually legislating -concerning things that are beyond the limits not only of its rightful, but even ,of its possible, jurisdiction. Many of its attempts are as impracticable as would be a legal interference with the force of gravity. Should Congress -enact laws concerning things in India, all the world would smile. But not our country only, nearly all countries, are still passing laws that imply a claim of jurisdiction over other worlds and other states of existence. They are ;passing laws that attempt to deal with inner conditions -of consciousnessŠwith metaphysical subtleties, over which philosophers and ecclesiastics are still wrangling. People want laws passed not only for the protection of life and property and seeming good conduct now and then, but -they want laws the causes of which are supposed to come -from other worlds and for ends which issue only in other worlds. In brief, they are continually confounding the -functions of the priest, the preacher, the philosopher, or the metaphysician with those of the legislator. . . . "We are slowly reaching a point at last where the -most civilized people are beginning to see, with at least partial clearness, that the functions of the state should he limited to the practical matters of conduct in this life, -and to their bearing on the liberties and rights of men as -citizens. The philosophers may reason of ethical origins _and principles, and of sapersensual sanctions. The meta-physicians may speculate as to transcendental causes and 'results. Theologians may theorize as to what was `in the mind of God,' of which actual facts are only a partial .expression. For my present purpose, I question neither the right nor the wisdom of these things. But the point I wish to make is this, that, whether false or true, these -things simply do not concern the state as such. . . . And the only interest of the state, as state, is that all the -rights and duties involved in a civil contract shall be maintained, to the end of public order. The moment that it attempts anything beyond this, it is a trespasser ,on personal rights, and works only mischief. It is hardly matter for dispute that those who have claimed to be acting for God, in political matters, have been authors of cruelty and injustice. Mr. Gladstone, pietistic though he sometimes is, claims only to be working for the good -of man. Civilization tends both to modesty and kindli-ness." Although this language was used with reference to another divine institution, it is just as applicable to the :Sabbath institution and Sabbath laws. The apostle Paul says of the divine law of the Sabbath that it is spir-itual. Then the Sabbath institution belongs in the spir- itual realm, and when the state enacts laws to regulate  the observance of the Sabbath, it goes outside of that for which it was instituted, and instead of exerting its power to make men civilŠwhich is its only functionŠit assumes the attribute of the Deity, and attempts to make men spiritual and to enforce upon them spiritual institutions. "God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth," that is to say, worship him in the observance of those things that are spiritualŠas the Sabbath, the Lord's supper, baptism, prayers, etc. The state has no more right to invade this realm than the United States has to enact laws for China. It would be much more reasonable for one state to enact laws for another and seek to enforce them, than for an earthly government to legislate for the spiritual, for, in the first instance, both belong to the same sphere, but in the latter the functions are entirely diverse; and if in the case of one state legislating for another such effort would be repelled, much more when civil government at-tempts to rule in matters spiritual, should it meet with resistanceŠnot of brute forceŠbut of the "weapons that are not carnal, but mighty through God." THE Christian Citizen proclaims loudly that "Chris-tian citizenship is more than reform, it is regeneration." Regeneration of what? In the Name of Liberty.ŠNo. 3. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. THE trouble with the liberty question is, as with a coat that has been pieced out over a figure for which it was never intended, either in measurement or style. Of course, there is no fit to it. The "great majority" has childishly appropriated this coat, and is trying to struggle into it while it is per-fectly plain that it can only "set well" on the individual man for whom it was originally constructed. An elephant might wear his keeper's jacket with the same grace with which the "people" can put on liberty. We often hear it said that "personal rights" are limited by "popular liberty." "The greatest good for the great-est number," has become a sort of war cry, when, per contra, there can be no "popular liberty" until personal rights have been secured; no good to any two until the good of the one has been secured. Just as long as it is possible for the liberty of one man, and he the weakest of them all, to be curtailed in any degree by law or in spite of law, then there is a point at which any, every and all other "liberties" are endangered. A man may forfeit his liberty, but never his right to it. Liberty cannot be made plural in principle or appli-cation. It is liberty pure and simple; it cannot be added, subtracted, multiplied, nor yet divided. It cannot be shared; it is as personal as love, as sacred as salvation, and as individual as life. "Give me liberty or give me death," was no oratori- 