260 VoL. 10, No. 33. dominate or rule American politics, and with the power is the responsibility to use it. In other words, the religious people are able to control the politics of this country according to the righteousness taught by the Church and as members of churches and religious societies it is their duty to learn the right thing at the Church, and then as dutiful cit-izens (not as church members) they must enter the caucus, primary, city hall and capitol, and see that it (the righteousness of the Church) is acted out in every avenue of State affairs, The subtile danger in this, movement lies in its generous profession and the credulity with which its Sophism is received. Its inexcusable wickedness is found in its assertion that it is not a union of Church and State. While it is planning in every proposi-tion for the most gigantic and absolute union of Church and State that could be conceived in the mind of the most intolerant bigot. Its generous profession that it is in favor of all good and no evil is deceptive in that it is not satisfied, like Jesus, the author of Chris-tianity and the head of the Church, to live out right principles and teach them in love by doing good to all ; but the modern idea of self-constituted guardianship proposes to take civil power to compel others to do right (their kind of right) which is much easier for the carnal mind than to do good itself. The people seeing so much evil in the land and with a longing desire to see it eradicated seize with avidity upon anything that has in it even a promise of 'better things, without questioning the sincerity of the champion or the logical results of his plan.' This movement is wicked in falsely denying that it is a union of Church and State. No-tice that every great national act, whether it be of origin or reform, is first born in the mind of some individual. It is then advocated until sufficient numbers form the same con-ception, to enable them to carry it out in legal form. Now when an idea is formed in the minds of men that it is incumbent upon the Church to purify politics by putting the righteousness of the Church into every office of the State in the form of church saints for officers, and When every member of every church sees it this way, and they are strong enough to rule the State, or as Joseph Cook said, "dominate American politics," `and having the power they feel responsible for its exercise; what more would it take to form a union of Church and State? When the State is officered by the Church and its power lies in the hands of religious voters who receive their instruction at the Church as to the righteousness which should be infused into the caucus voted for at the poles legalized in the State House and exe-cuted at the Capitol, how much more would it take to put the Church power in a position to " dominate" ? From this standpoint, based upon their own utterances, we can see how subtily-wicked and dangerous this movement is. To say that they do not want to unite Church and State, but simply want to organize in such away as to at once put the Church in a. position to dominate State affairs, is to deny in profession the object in view. In the days ,of papal supremacy the State was officered by the Church, and the power to dominate politics was in the hands of the reli-gious just exactly as this league proposes, and the State executed the enemies of the Church. This league, as if purposely to fulfill Rev. 13: 14, 15, by deceiving the people, is leading them,  to 'make an image to the papal theoc- racy. Beware of the snare. We are living in the days of that very thing, and its doom is given in Rev. 14:9, 10. July 80, 1895. A KNOXVILLE ATTORNEY DEFENDS THE AD-VENTISTS. THE Knoxville (Tenn.) Tribune of the 7th inst., had a rather supercilious, but very shal-low, editorial criticism of Seventh-day Ad-ventists, their doctrines and practices, to which an attorney of that city replies in the Tribune of the 11th inst., as follows:-- Law and Religious Freedom. To the Editor of the Tribune: Your editorial on "Peculiar People" in your issue of Wednesday, the '7th inst., gives rise to three important questions: First. Does the Sunday law provide for a " legal rest day" for civil purposes merely ? The only way we may answer that is to try to ascertain the intention of the framers, both from the object of its passage, as may be shown in its recitals, and from the acts and the rea-sons therefor it purports to regulate. The recital in the act of 1741 which has been codified says: " That all and every person and persons whomsoever shall on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, carefully apply themselves to the duties of religion and piety. When the act was carried in the old code, the recital above quoted was omitted, the penal part of the language is about the same, with a few verbal alterations. It cannot be denied that the object of the act was to prohibit labor upon Sunday so that all might apply themselves on that day faithfully to religion and piety. The law did not and the law does not, as modified in the code, compel people to worship on that day, but it does say emphat-ically what day shall be set apart for everybody, irrespective of their belief, for religious pur-poses. It does not say, "You shall worship," but it does say, " You shall not work on that day.", Why ? Because as you have truly put it, " Sunday is the accepted sabbath of the country; " that is, the day for rest that the majority believe in. Does the majority be-lieve 'in that day from a civil standpoint or from a religious ? If from a religious view, have the majority the right to impose their matters of conscience upon the few because they are the stronger ? Does might make right ? There is no use in saying the law is a mere civil regulation. It is true the acts it pro-hibits may be denominated civil, but the reason for which those acts are inhibited is religious. The court in construing this law says it " was to further the observance of the sabbath according to the spirit of its original institution." We all know the Sabbath was instituted for religious purposes; it gets its being from faith. It was set apart by the State because the framers of that law believed Sunday to be the particular day divinely ap-pointed for rest. Though the law may regu-late our conduct can it be gainsaid that it was enacted for the furtherance of and is founded upon religion ? Second. If founded upon religion is it right for the majority to be conscience for the minority ? Let us be retrospective. Protes-tants have figured out the Latin Kingdom or Pagan Rome to be the numbered " beast " of Revelation, upon whose head the angels are directed to pour out the wrath of God without mixture. You know Pagan Rome's popular maxim was Vox populi vox dei. Rome pre-sumed by her laws to provide for polytheism, her State religion (sic), " the largest religious freedom [for her subjects] consistent with  common sense and good government." Every-body had all the religious freedom wanted till the followers of the humble Nazarene got to teaching in the name of "a certain man called Jesus." Then is when persecution began. Why ? Because that was not in harmony with the State law. Their theory was that " the voice of the people is the voice of God." And if the majority had the right in their republic to say what gods should be worshiped, the State was not going to "undertake to adjust itself to exactly suit the views" of the travel-stained, humble, "fanatical" disciples, "whose peculiar ideas led them into deliberate viola-tion of the law." Fanaticism is the most common application to any faith counter to our own because it does violence to our order of thinking. It is for that very reason re-ligion and all its ordinances should be confined to its own church. The majority in Rome said what gods all should worship; the ma-jority in Tennessee say what day all shall observe as holy time, or for religious purposes. The principle in the two republics is the same. . . . The same 'popular maxim was crystallized in papal Rome when the ecclesiastical and civil powers were united. The Protestants see in this unholy union the beast with the lamb-like appearance, and they heard its dragonic voice in the days of the Inquisition. Then the church was at the head of the State in all matters of religion; now, the church tells the State which is the day we should keep holy or observe for religious purposes. Is not the principle the same ? Observe' the differences of faith respecting the day in which we should rest. The Catholics observe Sunday because they believe their church changed the day by virtue of its divinely-delegated power. The majority of the Prot-estants observe Sunday in honor of the resur-rection of Christ, The Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists contend that the rest-day has never been changed, and hence they keep Saturday, the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. On this point, the editor of the New Or-leans Times-Democrat says: " On the one side is the express command of Jehovah to keep the seventh day holy; and opposed to it is the injunction of secular legislatures to keep the first day holy. That is the difficulty in which Seventh-day Adventists find themselves, and as we said, they obey the voice of God rather than the voice of man. In this age of boasted civilization they are punished for acting up to their religious convictions." Is it not strange that after the gospel has been proclaimed for over eighteen hundred years that the most " fanatical" thing that a man can do is to obey the commandment of God ? Third. The act says: " If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person, shall be guilty of doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life," etc. Don't you think this law is broad enough, if im-partially enforced, to stop the running of steam and surface railways, milk and ice wagons, and even the printing of Sunday newspapers ? The "howl of persecution' and tyrann,y ' " smacks very strong of that flavor when evi-denced by the fact, as noticed by the Sentinel, of Knoxville, of the partial enforcement of the Sunday laws against Seventh-day Advent-ists, and when one of that faith who is now in the chain-gang in Tennessee for working on Sunday, stated to the jury that before he ac-cepted the Advent faith he used to work every Sunday in the Dayton Iron Mills, walking through the city in his working clothes, unmolested by the law, and without disturbing the religious quietude of Sunday keepers. Onus SIMMONS. 