"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 14, 1899. NUMBER 49. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. 146ir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit, (Entered at the New York Postoffine.) THE right to rest is not more sacred than the right to labor. , .Pt You may ignore truth and justice; but be assured truth and justice will not ignore you. WE can ask no more of the civil government than that it protect our liberty to enjoy our natural rights. THE preservation of one person's rights does not 'demand the sacrifice of rights by another. Rights do not conflict. THE worst "quack" medicines ever palmed off upon people are those that men have invented for the cure of a morally sick community. IT is man's business to remedy crime, and God's business to remedy sin. God's remedy which he has pro-vided for sin, is the gospel; and no man has any busi-ness to use any other. EVERY individual has a right to rest on the Sabbath day, and there is no law in this country that denies or restricts it. Every person can exercise this right, if he will. But some people want a law to compel them to improve their privileges. THE law of GodŠ"six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God"Šprovides for a religious Sabbath and six working days in the week. That is God's mind con-cerning the alleged necessity-of a "civil" sabbath. SINCE God has ordained six working days for the week, there can be only one legitimate Sabbath day; and the whole question of Sabbath observance depends upon the question of which day of the week is the Sab-bath. But who has a right to settle this question? Must one person accept the decision of another, or of several others? or has each person the right to settle the question for himself? Another Supreme Court Decision. THE Supreme Court of the nation, two of whose nine members are Roman Catholics, has, it is announced, decided that it is all right for the Government of the United States to give money to the Catholic Church. The announcement reads:Š " WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.ŠThe United States Supreme Court in an opinion affirmed the right of the Govern-ment of the United States to appropriate money for an institution conducted by the Catholic Church. "The case was that of Joseph Bradfield, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, against United Sates Treasurer Roberts and was brought to restrain the treasurer from paying the money appropriated to meet the terms of an agreement made by the commissioners of the district with the management of Providence Hospital in this city, because it is conducted by the Sisters of Charity of the Catholic Church." The importance of this decision can be appreciated only by keeping in mind certain facts:- 1. That the Government some years ago was in-duced to begin paying out public funds for the support 