266 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. great mistake when it seeks to secure worldly position, and to influence temporal power." He said that he always admired the answer that Diogenes made to Alexander, when the king visited the philosopher and asked him what he could do for him. The philosopher answered, "Stand out of the light." " Such," said he, "should be the position of the church. All that Christians should ask of the government is to let us alone, and to stand out of the way so that we may live quietly and peaceably, and carry on the work of the gospel by the power of the Spirit." The bishop said further, " The abomination of abominations is the aspiration on the part of the church for temporal power. What the church wants is spiritual power." He then stated that the spiritual power of a church always declines in proportion as the church gains temporal power. These are truths that have been time and again set forth in the AMERICAN SENTINEL, but we are glad to be able to present them anew from the mouth of so prominent and eminent a man as Bishop J. H. Vincent. It shows that the work of the AMERICAN SENTINEL In opposing the so-called National Reform movement, instead of being infidel or atheistic, is most truly Christian, and that the most active Christian workers, Š those who have a right to that title,Špromulgate the very same principles that the SENTINEL does. While we in our work often have to make severe strictures on certain churchmen, we would not have anyone get the idea that it is because we are opposed to churches or Christianity. Our strictures upon those persons are not because we oppose whatever of true Christianity they may possess, but it is because they are doing not only unchristian but antichristian work. They are attempting to secure the very thing which Bishop Vincent says is the abomination of abominations in the church, and tends to dearth of spirituality. Therefore we may say without fear of successful contradiction that the AMERICAN SENTINEL IS working for the conser-vation of true Christianity in this country. - E. J. W. . le The Explanation Does Not Explain. SINCE our publication of Cardinal Gibbons' letter to Mr. Lindsay of Baltimore, stating that in indorsing the Sunday movement last winter, he spoke only for himself and that he had neither the authority nor the intention of binding the archbishops, bishops, or the Catholic laymen of the United States, Mr. Crafts finds himself in hot water, about everywhere he goes. In the Chi-cago .ATews of May 21, Mr. Edward Cadman published a communication upon which Mr. Crafts replied in the News of July 13, in which he flounders considerably. He says :Š " The American Sabbath Union, not the Ameri-can Sunday Union,' when Cardinal Gibbons' letter was first presented at the National Sabbath Con-vention, distinctly said through my lips, as the letter was directed to me, that the letter (which was read in full, that each hearer might judge for himself what is meant) was not equivalent to the signature of the whole Catholic Church, although it was hoped it would be equivalent to a negative indorsement by that church in that the approval of the Cardinal, it was thought, would prevent opposition to the Sun-day-rest petition by any loyal Catholic." Yes, Mr. Crafts, on that point, said:Š "The letter is not equal in value to the individual signatures of the millions he represents, but no Cath- olic priest or paper or person will oppose what has thus been indorsed." But in that very statement he speaks of the millions whom the Cardinal represents when the Cardinal distinctly asserts that his action in'that thing was not representative. More than this; Mr. Crafts makes the Cardinal's action a test of loyalty to every Catholic priest, paper, and per-son, when the Cardinal distinctly affirms that he had not the authority to make his action in that a test of the loyalty of Catholics, and that "as he had not the authority, so he had not the in-tention " of doing it. And still, Mr. Crafts in-sists that it is a test of Catholic loyalty. The fact is, his explanation is more wicked and fax less excusable than his original statement. Nor is this all. When Mrs. Bateham stood on the platform of the Foundry Methodist Church of Washington City, on the night of December 11, 1888, and spoke of the petitions with which that church was festooned, and told who were in favor of it, she distinctly said :Š " Cardinal Gibbons has indorsed for all his people." I myself was there, within thirty feet of her, and was paying the strictest attention when she made the statement, and I wrote down the words as they fell from her lips. Mr. Crafts speaks of the explanation (which doesn't explain), which-was given through his lips, but these are the words which came through her lips. Yet more than this. In document No. 1, of the American Sabbath Union, issued December, 1888, after the convention was over, there is this sentence :Š " Cardinal Gibbons also sent him (Dr. Crafts) an of-ficial letter indorsing the petition on behalf of the plenary council of the Roman Catholic Church." And also this one, which editors are asked to publish :Š " The Catholic Church has indorsed the petition through a letter of its Cardinal." This shows that the American Sabbath Union did intentionally, and without authority, count all the Roman Catholics of the country in Cardinal Gibbons' name. It shows also that they intention-ally made the Cardinal's indorsement binding even to the test of' loyalty upon all the Catholics of the country, thus transcending both the au-thority and the intention of the Cardinal him-self. These are facts which the American Sabbath Union and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union cannot escape. Nor can they escape the just condemnation which goes with the facts. No explanation that has been, or that can be pre-sented, will clear them. Every effort to defend their action, and every effort by explanation to shield themselves from just condemnation, only makes the matter worse. There is only one way out, and that is by open confession. Let them confess that they committed a fraud. Or, if they think that that would be too much for them, we are inclined to be charitable, let them confess that in the matter of the Roman Catholic peti-tions they have wholly misrepresented; then let them stop circulating the documents which con-tain the misrepresentation. This will clear them from any further guilt in the matter, then we will count all that in the past, and hold them no longer responsible for it, and will say no more about it. But so long as they defend their action in this matter, just so long will we see to it that the facts shall be set before the people and that the authors of the wickedness are held up to the.. just condemnation that belongs with the facts. In the above extract Mr, Crafts says that at  the National Sabbath Convention at Washington, the Cardinal's letter was read in full that each hearer might judge for himself what it meant. Upon this, it must be said, to put it in the mild-est possible way, that Mr. Crafts has forgotten the facts. I say again, that I was there, and was within thirty feet of Mr. Crafts when he referred to the letter; and listened carefully, hoping that the whole of the letter might be read,, and was disappointed that the whole of it was not read. We therefore say upon the evidence of distinct remembrance that the letter was not read in full, because Mr. Crafts stated that it was "for the Senate Com-mittee." Mr. Crafts further says : -- " Another misrepresentation in the letter of Mr. Cadman is the statement that `the admission of a single Catholic to the Union was strenuously op-posed.' The fact is dishonestly withheld that it was more strenuously favored, and that a Catholic was elected as a member of the Executive Committee." It is not in any sense a misrepresentation to say that the admission of a single Catholic to the Union was strenuously opposed. That is a posi-tive fact. It was opposed, and that by Mr. Crafts himself. Even to the extent of trying repeatedly to adjourn the meeting, and it was only owing to the fact that it was more strenuously favored that even one Catholic was elected as a member of the Executive Committee. Although there isn't a great deal of credit attaching to the Union on that account, because the Catholics, according to the count, were the majority of all-7,200,000 to 5,977,693Šand yet they were allowed only one member upon an Executive Committee of more than a dozen. The American Sabbath Union had better start new, and do its work fairly. A. T. J. -1 . 4. "Does it Pay." NOT long since, we listened to a lecture by Col. Elliott F. Shepard, president of the American Sabbath Union, on the question, "Does the Sabbath pay 1" The lecture was notable chiefly for what the lecturer did not say, but there were one or two points which are worthy of careful attention, inasmuch as they show the prin- ciple, or rather the lack of Christian principle in this movement for the legal observance of Sun-day. The whole thing is contained in the sub-ject of the lecture, viz., " Does it pay ?" We will note a few statements. Said Mr. Shepard :Š " Divine finance; what is it ? The Old and the New Testament agree in contradicting Wall Street, and show that prosperity is to be found in obedience to God's commandments ?" This was the main feature of the lecture, namely the proof that more money could be made by resting on Sunday than by working upon it; and nothing but a mercenary motive was placed before the people. In the course of his remarks, Mr. Shepard said to the chairman of the meeting, " I would make some converts here to-night ; " and then he proceeded to state that the railroads of the United States have suffered pecuniary loss because of their Sunday work. To emphasize this he made a little math-ematical calculation to demonstrate, which we shall not try to follow; but the conclusion of which was that a manufacturer would make thirty-six per cent. more on his investment by resting on Sunday than by working on that day. Thus, while A man by working on Sunday might make fourteen per cent. on his investment, by a strict observance of the day he- would make fifty per 