JULY 4, 1895. A.IVILIEA_ I CA:1N SINT'INIEJLA. 213 The penalty is inflicted in the " second death," and as this death cannot hurt the believer who has overcome through faith in the death of Christ (Rev. 2:11), therefore no one who is " dead with Christ " will ever suffer the pen-alty of the law. He has already done this in the person of Christ, his substitute. Christ was made sin for us, "made under the law." The law had dominion over him and demanded his life; and when he died " the just for the unjust," we died in him; as he died to the law, so we being in him are dead to the law by virtue of his death ; and as he was raised to life freed from the condemnation of the law, so we by faith are raised with him to live a spiritual life, free from the condemna-tion of the law. The carnal mind, which is not subject to the law (Rom. 8: 7), is taken away, and in its place the Spirit of God writes the law in the heart (Jer. 31: 33; Heb. 8: 10), and as the law is spiritual, therefore the believer walks in the Spirit and not in the flesh. The law witnesses to his righteous- ness (Rom. 3: 21),and is established by his faith (verse 31). He delights in the law after the inward man (chap. 7: 22). His experi-ence is: " 0 how love I thy law I it is my meditation all the day" (Ps. 119: 97). He calls the Sabbath a delight: the holy of the Lord, and honors God in keeping it (Isa. 58 : 13). RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. [R. S. Owen, in Atlanta Constitution, June 8.] Editor Constitution : Having read your reply to the New Orleans Times-Democrat on the " Georgia Sunday laws," I beg to present through your columns a plea in behalf of reli-gious liberty. There are principles involved in this question which I believe should be more clearly understood, principles upon which are based the dearest rights of every American citizenŠthe limit of civil authority and the right of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. An honest, conscientious Christian has been sentenced to twelve months in the chain-gang in this State with the possibility of his being put to death for refusing to violate his con-science by working in that chain-gang on the seventh day of the week, and it is no fault of the law that this extreme penalty has not been inflicted. Had it not been that some unknown friend had paid Mr. Allison's fine, he would have now been toiling in the chain-gang, or, perhaps had forfeited his life rather than be disloyal to his God. For what dark deed was he made subject to such an ordeal? He had defrauded no one, he had harmed no one, he had molested no one, no other man's rights had been invaded in the slightest degree. This he proposed to prove during his trial, but the court informed him that molesting others had nothing to do with his case. His only offense was that he had not practiced the religion of his neighbors. He had not observed the first day of the week as the Sabbath, after keeping the seventh day which 'he believed God required him to observe. We shall not here discuss the question of which day is the SabbathŠthat is a point on which many men differ, and every man has a right to his own opinion. But what we wish to call attention to is the injustice of the law that decides a religious question and then pro-vides that such hardships may be inflicted upon those who differ from that decision in faith and practice. We have been wont to boast of the religious freedom which is guar- anteed to all the inhabitants of this fair land. We have looked with horror upon the religious intolerances of some of the governments of the Old World under which Christians have suf-fered in past ages such cruel persecutions, because they differed from the prevailing sen- timent of those times. We have thanked God that the founders of Our Republic, seeing the evils of religious legislation, sought to place in the Constitution a safeguard against it in the following : Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. We have taken pride in the noble sentiment ex- pressed in the constitution of the State of GeorgiaŠ" Perfect freedom of religious senti-ment shall be and the same is hereby secured, and no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in person or property or prohibited from holding any office or trust on account of his religious opinion." The only limit to this freedom is that " the liberty of con-science hereby secured shall not be so con- strued as to excuse acts of licentiousness or justify practices inconsistent with the peace and safety of the people." And now, in the face of all the advancement that has been made in this land of liberty, to behold an honest, inoffensive Christian man sentenced to the chain-gang to toil with com-mon criminals for twelve long, weary months, for no other offense than that of exercising his God-given right to the convictions of his own conscience in regard to a religious observ-ance, brings a shock to our sensibilities and seems to us like a dark blot on the last decade of the nineteenth century and a stain of re-proach on the fair fame of the New South. That Sabbath-keeping is a religious observ-ance is evident not only from the testimony of Scripture and the ministers of all religious sects; but the law of Georgia itself recognizes it as such in declaring it to be the Lord's day. The Lord himself instituted the Sabbath, and calls it a Sign between him and his people. Those who observe the seventh day keep it as a memorial of the creation of the world, while those who regard the first day as the Sabbath keep it in commemoration of the resurrection of Christ, so that in either case the Sabbath is as truly a religious memorial day as the Lord's supper and baptism are religious me-morials. If the State may decide one religious question, why may it not decide all? And if it may enforce one religious institution, why may it not on the same principle enforce all? These questions have been answered by the United States Senate, in replying to a request for a Sunday law. The committee said, "If a solemn act of legislation shall in one point define the law of God or point out to the cit-izens one religious duty, it may, with equal propriety, proceed to define every part of di-vine revelation and enforce every religious ob-ligation." (American State Papers, page 111.) So if this course of religious legislation were pursued to its logical end, we should have a revival of the terrible scenes of the Dark Ages, and our Government would be turned into an engine of persecution as truly as was Rome in the days of Nero. If we would avoid the worst results in the line of religious persecution, let us beware of the first steps in that direction. Massachu-setts once required all parents to have their children sprinkled. The Baptists, who did not believe in sprinkling as the proper mode of baptism, refused to practice contrary to their faith, and were punished for violating the law. John Painter, of those days, was whipped, and like Mr. ,Allison of to-day, his only offense was that he refused to conform to a religious service which he believed to be con-trary to the will of God. The experiences of the Baptist people, in suffering for their faith, lead them to appreciate the situation when other Christians are brought under similar cir-cumstances. At the sixty-third anniversary of the Amer-ican Baptist Home Mission Society, held at Saratoga, N. Y., June 1, 1895, the following resolution was unanimously adopted:Š "WHEREAS, It has been widely reported that in some portions of the United States, professing Christians who have conscientiously observed the seventh day of the week as a day of religious rest and worship, and who there-after on the first day of the week have con-scientiously engaged in labor which in no wise disturbed their fellow-citizens who desire to observe the first day, have, for this act, been arrested and fined and imprisoned and sent to the chain-gang; therefore, " Resolved, That (assuming the facts to be as reported) we earnestly and solemnly protest against this violation of the right of reli-gious liberty, a right for which our fathers suffered imprisonment, the spoiling of their goods, stripes, exile and death itself." ALLISON AT HOME. BY R. S. OWEN. SINCE the arrest and imprisonment of J. Q. Allison far working on Sunday has be- come so widely known, the public will be in-terested in his present situation. I recently visited his neighborhood, and found him enjoying again his happy home, made more cheering than ever by the fact that his wife, who heretofore had felt unreconciled to his being a Seventh-day Adventist, is now united with him in that faith. Thus it is with persecution: it will drive more into the truth than it will from the truth. Ł As we walked back with Mr. Allison upon the farm, which is almost wholly surrounded by native forest, until we came to the little patch of ground where the work was done, for which he was sentenced to twelve long months of hard labor in the chain-gang; as we stood upon that sequestered spot back of a thick growth of pine woods, far away not only from any house of worship, but from any dwelling or public road, we could but sense the injus- tice of the Atlanta Constitution in upholding Allison's conviction on the ground of " Chris- tians having their devotions interrupted." Upon inquiry, we find it to be the universal testimony of his neighbors that they had never been disturbed by his Sunday work. The two witnesses, Mr. Allison's nearest neighbors, who had been obliged to testify to his working on Sunday, are deeply mortified over one statement in the report of the trial in the SENTINEL; not that it is incorrect, but that they fear the public will draw a wrong conclusion from it. The statement is this:Š Both the witnesses testified, on direct examination, that they would not have seen Mr. Allison at work had they not gone to the place where he was on pur-pose to see him. Now, they fear that the public will suppose that the object of their visit was that they might have him brought before the court, which was not the case. They went there for another purpose. They did not want him ar-rested, nor did they want to testify against him. This they wish the public to under-stand. Their feelings upon this point re-minded me of an experience I once heard of a temperance speaker. To illustrate a certain point he said to a man in the audience: "Now, suppose that you should go and get drunk." But," said the man, "I don't get drunk." " I know you don't get drunk," said the speaker, " I was only supposing the case." " Now, suppose that you should get drunk, and " " Sir," interrupted the 