TI-18 ANIEI.ICAN SENTINEL. 219 worketh no ill to his neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling-of the law." Rom. 13 : 8-10. "He that loveth another hath fulfilled the law," and "Love is the fulfilling of the law." What law? Why, the law concerning which earthly rulers are the ministers. The law of God is summed up in the two great commandments, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God -with all thy heart and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind," and, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." See Matt. 22: 36-40. The second great com-mandment, defining our duty to our felloW-men, is expanded into the last six precepts of the dec-alogue. These, with the exception of th6 fifth commandment, are directly quoted by Paul, thus clearly showing to what law he refers when he says, "He that loveth another hath fulfilled the law." To make this still more emphatic, he 'closes his enumeration of the commandments composing the last table of the decalogue, with the statement that "love worketh no ill to his _neighbor, therefore love is the fulfilling of the law:" Now since the apostle is speaking only of earthly governments, and the duty of their sub-jects, we know that he who does no ill to his Ł  neighbor--loves his neighbor as himself,has fulfilled all the law of which these earthly gov-ernments are empowered to take notice. Thus it is seen that Paul's argument concern-ing the office of civil government is confined to the last six commandments of the decalogue. But let it,not be supposed that human govern-thents can recognize all violations of even these last six commandments. . Earthly- governments are solely for the purpose of securing to their subjects mutual rights. So long as a man does no ill to his neighbor, the law cannot molest him. But any violation of the law of God affects the individual himself first of all. For example: Christ said that the seventh commandment may be violated by a single lustful look and evil de-:sire; but such look and desire do not injure any one except the individual indulging in them; it is only when they result in the commission of the open act of adultery, thus injuring others besides the adulterer himself, that human governments can interfere. To God alone belongs the power to punish sins of the mind. Of the sixth commandment we are told 'that whosoever hates another has violated it; but the State cannot prevent a man from hating another, nor take any notice of hatred un'il it culminates in open crime. There are innumerable ways in which the fifth commandment may be violated, for which the civil goVernment has neither the right nor the 'power to punish. Only in extreme cases can the State interfere. A man may be covetous, and yet he is not liable to punishment until his covet-ousness results in open theft or swindling. Yet before the act is accomplished, of which the State can take notice, a man's covetousness or lying or hatred may work great annoyance to his neigh-bors. We see, then, how imperfect are' human gov-ernments even within the sphere alotted to them. God- alone has the power to read the heart, and he alone has the right to " bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be 'good or whether it be evil." 'With matters of purely a religious natureŠthose which rest solely Upon our relation to God, and not to our neigh-borŠhuman governments have no right to inter-fere. Concerning them, each individual is an- 'sWerable, to God alone, E. J. W. "Nehemiah, the Tirshatha." To N. J. BOWERS :ŠIn the ANIERiCAN SENTi-NEL of July 17, I have read your article under the above heading. I am a Natimial Reformer; but in what I am now about to write I beg leave to speak for myself only. Others may not believe as I do, and if you think my sentiments are er-roneous, you must not charge my errors to them. In common with millions of other Christians, you are in error, I think, in reference to the char-acter of the Hebrew Civil Government, as well as in reference to what government should be now. I ask your attention to the following proposi-tions:Š  1. The theocracy of the Hebrew commonwealth was a lawful, and good "government. God ap-pointed it for the good of hi4 chosen nation. If good then, why would not a similar theocracy be good now? 2. If there was a union between Church and State then, as you allege, and this by divine ap. pointment too, why would not a similar union be a good thing now? 3. But there was no union of Church and and State thenŠno union such as people gener-ally object to now. In the Hebrew common-wealth or Nation, the two institutions, Church and StateŠthe religious and the civil departments Šthere was no union. They cooperated, each in its own department. That is all. They were each independent of the otherŠone did not con-trol the other. One had no power over the other, as formerly in Great Britain. The members of the church were members of the Government or State also ; but that did nut make a union of Church and State. The officers of the one were sometimes officers in the other ; but that did not unite Church and State. President Garfield was a minister of the gospel in the Christian Church. He held two offices, one in the religious depart-ment, and one in Ł the civil. This did not unite Church and State. President Harrison is an elder in the Presbyterian Church. He holds an, office in the church and another in the State or civil department. This does not make a union of Church and State. In the Legislature of Cali-fornia there is a Congregational minister, Ł and a pastor of a church. I see no union of Church -and State in California. Every member of the United States Senate might be a Christian and even a minister, or elder, or deacon, and still the the Church and the State would be separateŠno union. There are three institutions, and probably only three, of divine appointment, viz.: the family, the church, and the StateŠfamily-  government, ec-clesiastical government, and civil government. All the people should or may belong to all these. But this would not, does not, unite Church and State. The family would still be a separate in-stitution; the church would still be a separate organization, and independent of the State; and the civil society or government 'would still be in-dependent of the religious society, the church; no union. 4. That the Hebrew commonwealth was a theocracy is true, and rightfully. But the com-monwealth of the Hebrews was also a republic. Any righteous government could be both -a the-ocracy and a republic at ,the same time. All governments should be theocracies and republics, not monarchies. The government that God founded or appointed under Moses was both the-ocratic and republic or representative. The peo-ple afterwards clamored for a king, and God  in anger gave them Saul. Every monarchy, ex-cept it be an elective monarchy, is a usurpation. And every republic in which the authority of God is rejected, is also a usurpation. 5. Notwithstanding all that I have said, I ac-knowledge that in the United States such a re-publican theocracy, or such a theocratic republic, as there should be, would be impracticableŠan utter impossibility nowŠbut only or mainly for the reason that all the people are not of one mind or of one .religion as were the Hebrews. All should be Christians; but they are not. All should be Protestants; but they are not. All should be of one mind on the subject of the Sabbath ; but they are not. All should accept the law of God for the rule of action in both Church and State; but they -do not. These and similar are reasons why we cannot have, what we should have, a pure republican theocracy; that is, a government in which the will of God would be the supreme law by the consent and vote of the people. No other government is lawful. In the Hebrew commonwealth or theocracy, the officers were chosen by the people, and God was the Supreme Ruler. His will was supreme; the people's will law only when in accordance with the divine will. This was God's kind of govern-ment. It was good. The same should be now, and none other. All others are usurpers.. With the permission of the editors, I may yet have a few more words of criticism. N. R. JOHNSTON. The Republic of Israel. Tills expression must sound strange to the ears of every reader of the Bible; but we adopt it from the National Reformers, who, in their won-drous zeal for a religious government in the United States, and in their equallx wondrous determination to bend the facts of the Bible to suit their purpose, actually assert that the govern-ment. of Israel, instituted at Sinai, was a republic I We propose to show that these self-styled Re-formers are in error in their theory of the king-dom of Christ, both in repsect to the history and the prophecies of the Bible, and will briefly examine the subject of history, to show that they greatly err in affirming that what they seek in the United States is in conformity with the gov-ernment of Israel as it existed under the imme-diate direction of Jehovah. A writer in the Christian Statesman used the following lan-guage:Š " The nation of Israel was organized at Mount Sinai, as ' the custodians of the laW, liberty, and re-ligion of mankind.' A republican form of government was given them. The three departments of govern-ment, the legislative, executive, and judicial, were substantially represented in it. Moses, as the judge or president, was the chief executive officer. The seventy elders formed the Congress of General Gov-ernment. The court of the gate or civil Sanhedrim was the arbiter of justice., The heads of the tribes and princes thereof constituted the tribal or State governments. It was a representative government. The people were sovereign. They elected their rulers to represent them in office." We are now- dealing with factsŠfacts cf historyŠfacts important in their relation to the question at issue, and it is, therefore, our duty to characterize statements in correct terms. The above extract is worse than a mere "fancy sketch;" it is a shameful perversion of the history given in the Bible. We have seldom seen so much assumption in so little space, as the above paragraph contains. 1. When Israel was called out of Egypt, the government under which they were led was a 