AMERICAN SENTINEL. 373 not always possible to escape the necessity of dissent and resistance to the judgment of the multitude. The only multitude that ever rises to the highest level of truth and righteousness is "the great multitude which no man could number," which John sees before the throne. Earthly crowds commonly rise no higher than the lower average of sentiment and opinion in their own ranks. They are liable to the contagion of fear, hatred, and other passions. Even the good people among them are not always at their best, and have to be on their guard against "following a multitude to do evil." The "American Sabbath" Passing Away. New York "Sun." THE Rev. Dr. Hathaway, representing the "Sabbath Union," preached at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church last Sunday on the decline in church attendance, and as he had only about fifty listeners there was before him ample justification for his lamentation. Dr. Hathaway's explanation of the increasing disre-gard of church services was that Sunday excursion trains, bicycling, and the Sunday newspapers distract the people from the house of God. In the instance of the Fifth Avenue Church, however, another potent distrac-tion at this season is the hot weather, which has sent so many of the parishioners to the country, where, if they are so disposed, they can find Presbyterian worship to attend, though it is true that there also wheeling and golfing continue to tempt them to avoid it. But as these Sunday amusements are commended and pursued, even by Christian ministers themselves, the Rev. Dr. Rainsford, for instance, how can laymen be expected to eschew them? Sunday, accordingly, has become the great day of the week for wheeling and for playing golf, and among those who engage most ardently in the sports are very many people, young and old, upon whom the churches have been accustomed to depend for attendants. The way to the "desecration of the Sabbath," as Dr. Hatha-way called it, having thus been opened, all forms of amusement not intrinsically vicious begin to be toler-ated. The cloth which formerly covered the billiard table on Sunday is now removed, even in Presbyterian households, gay entertainments occur, and the day once observed with so much religious austerity is now utilized chiefly for pleasure and recreation. The "American Sabbath" is passing away. Its de-struction, however, has not been due to the Sunday newspaper, for the reading of that, when it is worth reading at all, constitutes one of the more serious occu-pations of a day which is now so largely given up to sport and frivolity. A good Sunday newspaper is rather a conservative than a destructive force, and upon it more than any other agency the churches will have to  rely if they shall ever be able to kindle again the faith which alone will fill their pews. The reason why church attendance is declining, un-less among the Roman Catholics, is not the competition of the popular desire for wheeling and for golf, nor the appetite for reading, but the cooling of the religious faith of the people. In place of an eager craving for the,  teaching of the church there has come in widespread reli-gious indifference. People who once accepted the Bible without question are now asking themselves why they should believe it and why they should read it more than any other book, and the question has been put in their minds even by the theologians and doctors of divinity approved and honored by the church, who have rele-gated it to a place along with human literature gener-ally. That is the seat of the trouble. People are indiffer-ent about going to church because they are taught even by the church itself that the supernatural foundation on which alone it can rest is imaginary only. What other result could have been expected from such teaching? The Briggses, the McGifferts, and the rest may fight shy of the logical conclusion of their argument, but they can-not keep other people from going to it. •' Sunday Desecration. BY G. B. THOMPSON. JUNE 4, Rev. R. W. Barrows, pastor of the First Presbyterian church in Utica, N. Y., preached on the,  subject of Sabbath desecration. For the following ex-tract of his discourse, I am indebted to the Utica Daily Press, of June 5. He said:Š "Its birthplace was not Sinai but Eden. It wasŁ  made for man, not for the Jews only. Its requirement is appropriate and beneficial in the Sandwich Islands as in JerichoŠin Utica as in Jerusalem. From Sinai God said: 'Remember the Sabbath day' as a duty already well known, and as implying the possibility of their forgetting it. 'Remember' looks both ways. As long as the world exists and men exist in it, the fourth commandment will never become a dead letter. . . . The Sabbath is to the world what the Nile is to Egypt, a broad, beneficial stream whose source is in the ex-haustless fountain of God's infinite mercy, that every seventh day since the world began has overflowed the banks of secular activity and enriched with its generous deposit of rest and reflection and worship, man's entire moral nature." The above is a strong argument for the seventh day Sabbath, as the day made holy at Eden was the seventh day, and the "fourth commandment," which he tells us will "never become a dead letter," says that the "seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Ex. 20:10. It is interesting to know how he can climb down and assign a scriptural reason for his practice of keeping 