586 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 4. BY C. H. KESLAKE. PROTESTANTS' claim that the Sabbath was changed from the seventh day to the first by command of Jesus Christ, and that it was so taught by the Holy Spirit. The Roman Catholic Church claims the same thing. In this Protestants and Catholics are agreed. Because of the alleged source of the change Protest-ants claim that Sunday is, as indeed it would be in that case, a divine institution. Upon this point also the CathŁ olics are in perfect accord with the Protestants. Protestants further claim that the Bible, and the Bible alone, is the rule of faith and practice, so that in all Protestant Church Catechisms it is taught that what-soever is not contained in Holy Scripture, nor can be proved thereby, is not necessary to salvation, and is therefore not to be received. But, as pointed out in former articles, notwithstand-ing this latter confession, when pressed for the Scripture setting forth the change of the Sabbath and authorizing the observance of the first day of the week in the place of the seventh, Protestants are bound, as they have done repeatedly, to confess the complete silence of Scripture upon this point. Now a person of even less than ordinary intelligence, if he will stop to think for a moment, will see that Prot-estants must acknowledge either their claim that the Bible alone is the rule of faith is a false claim, or that Sunday as a Sabbath day exists without any divine warrant. That they will not admit the latter is already a fore-gone conclusion, for they are more zealous in behalf of Sunday at this present time than they ever were before. But it 'leaves them in a terrible predicament, for they confess there is no Scriptural authority for the day, and there is nowhere they can go except it be to the Roman Catholic Church. Assuming for the moment that they will not accept -the latter alternative, this very situation proves conclu-sively that their claim that the change of the "day was taught by the Holy Spirit is utterly false; for the Holy Spirit would not leave them thus to flounder along. What does this mean for ProtestantismŠthat is, the kind that is represented by Sunday? Ł Let us see. They say, "The Sabbath [Sunday] is the test of all religion." They say further, that "he Who does not keep the Sabbath [Sunday] does not worship God;" and that "he who does not worship God is lost." Allowing this claim to be true (and it is true when spoken of the true Sabbath), when they confess there is no Scripture command for keeping Sunday, by that same confession they also confess the it inability to prove that those who do not keep Sunday do not worship God, and they thereby fail to prove that those who do not keep Sunday are lost. Yet further: As Sunday is claimed by them to be the  test of one's worship of God, etc., and they confess the silence of Scripture in regard to the day, in the absence of divine proof elsewhere, they thereby lack divine cre-dentials for their own-existence as Protestants, or strictly speaking, as Christian churches. And this is a charge which Roman Catholics have long brought against the Protestant churches. But how is it with the Catholic Church in this matter of Sunday? As before stated, they make the same claim for Sun-day that Protestants make; viz., that the day was instiŁ tuted by Christ and so taught by the Holy Spirit. And this claim they made long before Protestantism, in name, existed. But they go further than the Protestants, in that they are able to point out the agency through whom the change was made,Šnamely, themselves; and proudly point to that fact as the evidence of the divine authority of the Roman Catholic Church. And, laying the Bible aside, as the Protestants do in this matter, and allowing the Sunday to be a divine institution, there is not a soul on earth that can prove the claim of the Roman Catho-lics to be wrong. In other words, as there is no script-ural authority for keeping Sunday, he who believes that Sunday is a divine institution must believe that the Catholic ChUrch is, what it claims to be, the Church of God, and divinely ordained. From this there is no pos-sibility of escape. But he who believes this is not a Protestant, and his claim to be one is false. While the Catholic Church can and does make good her claim that she changed the Sabbath from the seventh day to the first, yet her claim that she was guided in the work by the Holy Spirit, is absolutely false. We have seen, already that it is utterly impossible for the Spirit of Truth to do or teach anything contrary to the truth; and we have also seen that God's law is the truth. Ps. 119:142. When that law says the seventh day is the Sabbath it simply tells the truth; it is there-fore the truth that the seventh day is the Sabbath. And the Spirit of Truth can teach nothing different. It is useless to argue what the Spirit would have become had he taught differently; he simply could not teach dif-ferentiv. While we deny, upon the basis of unimpeachable proof, that the Holy Spirit guided the Catholic Church in the change of the Sabbath, we fully believe that another spirit did; and as certainly as the Word of God is true, so certainly was that spirit the "spirit of antichrist." Now when Protestants, claiming that Sunday is the test of all religion, to the extent that he who does not keep the day is lost, frankly confess that it is "one of the necessities of the situation" that they receive help from the papacy in their cherished scheme of Sunday enforce-ment, although it is perfectly logical and consistent that they do so, they thereby turn their backs upon the Holy Spirit to receive help from the spirit of antichrist. 