328 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the excepting clause of the law, he proved by the State's witnesses that the works they saw some one doing, and for wh'ch he was indicted, were works of necessity ac-cording to the popular interpretation of the law by the customs of that community, and this fact should have been sufficient to justify dismissing the case. Again, as the law does not specify which is the "Lord's day," the defendant proceeded to show from the Bible that Saturday or the seventh day of the week was the Lord's day, and as he kept that day and did no work whatever, he could not be condemned by a law enforcing its observance. As in all other cases of this kind the party foremost in the prosecution was a religious zealotŠa kind of a preacher who is also a section boss on the railroad, and has men working for him on every Sunday in the year, and only a short time before the trial of the man he reported to the grand jury he worked a gang of men all day on a Sunday repairing a side track, which the men said, could have been done on the following Monday just as well. The defendant did not employ counsel, but presented a simple statement of his conscientious convictions in regard to the observance of the seventh day Sabbath, and made a pathetic plea before the jury in behalf of his religious liberty, but it seemed that the persecuting spirit of 1737 that drove Wesley from Savannah back to England had again asserted itself in Georgia, and upon its return was in the possession of the Methodists and exercised against the Adventists, for we are informed that it is the Methodist element that is urging these prosecutions on account of their religious prejudice. It ought not to require many such cases as this to convince our lawmakers that a law which gives one de-nomination the power to fine and imprison the members of another denomination is not a good law and is one that should be repealed. D. W. REAVIS. Sunday Enforcement in "Greater New York." "GREATER NEW YORK" is at the present time under a "liberal" administrationŠso liberal in fact that a commission appointed by the legislature is in session conducting an inquiry into numerous charges of official corruption and demoralization in the city government; but as it now suddenly appears, there is one thing this liberality does not cover; namely, religious freedom in the observance of Sunday. The observance of Sunday is to be enforced to the prohibition of all public games and amusements on that day. On -Sunday last, the 14th inst., says the leading Brooklyn paper, "squads of police visited every open field where games were in progress and every inclosed park. No game was allowed to go on. In many in-stances the police, with drawn clubs, chased the players over open fields." The N. Y.. Sun, in commenting, cites several court de-cisions that have been made in this State touching the legality of Sunday baseball and the authority of the leg- islature in reference to general Sunday enforcement, and says:Š "In view of the construction which the courts have thus far placed upon the existing Sunday laws in this State it is obvious that the police commissioners of New York will run the risk of removal if they do not continue to pursue the same course which was adopted in the Borough of Queens last Sunday, in reference to the sup-pression of baseball upon the first day of the week." This is a marked step in advance in the matter of Sunday enforcement in Greater New York. Sunday Enforced in Waterville, Me. A SUNDAY-CLOSING crusade has been started in Water_ ville, Me., which its promoters declare will be continued indefinitely. The facts as gathered from the Kennebec Journal, are these:Š The order to close on Sunday was issued by Mayor Philbrook, and applies to all places of business,Šcigar stores, candy stores, drug stores (excepting an hour in the forenoon) included. Bicycle shops were allowed to do a "side-door" business, this concession being made on the ground that the bicycle business stood on a par with the livery business, which has no Sunday restric-tions. "Shortly before 10 o'clock, there was a crowd at dif-ferent places on the street discussing the situation and the meaning of the movement. Half an hour later those who had become convinced that they could not find a cigar or anything of that kind in the city, except at the hotels, took the next car for Fairfield. As the result of that movement the street cars did a rushing business all day. "The closing of the cigar and drug stores gave the hotel proprietors a rushing business at their cigar cases. One of the hotel keepers said that he had not done such a good business in the cigar line since he had been in the business." Regarding news stands the mayor said he:had given no orders. "He said that in spite of the cry made a few years ago against the Sunday newspapers, it had be-come recognized that the paper published on that day is a fixed institution. 'There is an understanding,' he said, 'that the news stands shall be open only while there is a demand for the papers.'" "In reply to the question whether or not the Sunday closing is spasmodic, he said: 'No, sir, it is not. The rules will remain in force as long as I am mayor or until next March. I have not put on any extra police, but if it is necessary I will put on every man on the force on duty.'" The reporter who interviewed the mayor on the sub- 