A.MIEM[CA 1 NTIN1 to Vol,. 8, XO. 12. fails they have invited it by a cowardly disregard of a sacred contract. He has furnished us glowing descriptions of the parks in Boston, where, he assures us, the laboring man may go and worship with nature, but he does not inform us that these parks are free; there is no admission fee of fifty cents for each member of his family to interfere with the exercise of their reli-gious impulses. How is it to be at Chicago ? He claims to speak for the laboring man, but he does not represent him here or the noble lineage from which he sprang. . . MR. LITTLEŠMr. Speaker, I did not expect to take part in the discussion of this question, and had not the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. O'Neil] given notice of his intention to offer an amendment, relating to Sunday closing I should haVe kept my peace. But, I want to say a word upon that amendment, for I consider that of greater importance to the people of this country than these appropriations. Ł . . Now, Mr. Speaker, in regard to the amendment that has been proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. O'Neil], nearly every one upon the floor of this House who undertakes to speak against the Sunday opening commences and closes his remarks with the statement that the working people of this country are opposed to Sunday open-ing. I want to say that during last summer, as a member of the Select Committee on the Columbian Exposition, I caused to be written to every national organization of labor where the membership reached nine thousand, a letter asking the opinion of the officials of these organizations as to what the desire of organized labor was upon this ques-tion. I received replies from the representatives of many hundreds of thousands of workingmen, and in only one instance was there a suggestion that the Fair should be closed on Sunday. That excep-tional reply was from the chief of the locomotive engineers, Mr. Arthur, who stated that he did not consider that Congress had any business to deal with this question, but that very many members of his organization preferred to have the Exposition closed on Sunday because keeping it open would entail extra labor upon them. Now, when gentlemen rise upon this floor and say that the workingmen of the country are op. posed to the Exposition being open on Sunday, I think they can not have looked into the question carefully, and I would ask some of them to state what means they have taken to ascertain facts to justify the statements they have made. MR. DURBOROW. ŠI yield two minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Dickerson]. MR. DICKERSON. ŠMr. Speaker, I am glad to avail myself of these two minutes, first, to state that I favor the amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts. I do so, sir, because I want to pm-test against any sort of legislation by Congress looking to the recognition of the question of reli-gion at all. That is a matter with which we have nothing to do, and the police regulation, the con-duct and morals of people in the State of Illinois, is, by the Constitution and by every inherent right of citizenship lodged with those who are to exer- cise government control in local affairs. . . [Here the hammer fell.] MR DURBOROW. ŠMr. Speaker, I hope the gen-tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] will use some of his time now. MR. HOLMAN yield five minutes to the gentle-man from Mississippi [Mr. Hooker]. MR. HOOKER, of Mississippi.ŠMr. Speaker, . . . with reference to the question of opening the Ex-hibition on Sunday, I had occasion to make a speech in the first session of this Congress, in which I said what I now repeat, that I think this great Columbian Exhibition ought to respect the Sab-bath day and ought to pay regard to the popular sentiment as expressed in the numerous petitions which have come from the great body of Christian people of all denominations. If the spirit of the great discoverer of America could descend upon this HouseŠhe who when the bird lighted upon the masthead and (the perils of storm and tempest being past) the watch proclaimed, " Land ho " dropped upon his knees, thanking the Almighty that his great efforts for the discovery of this con-tinent had been realizedŠhe would say that what the Christian world sanctions as the Sabbath should, out of respect for our great Maker, be observed in connection with this great Columbian Exposition. [Applause. ] Ł [Here the hammer fell.] . . . MR MORSE. ŠMr. Speaker, I rise to a parliament. ary inquiry, THE SPEAKER. ŠThe gentleman will state it. MR. MORSE. ŠMr. Speaker, my colleague, Mr. O'Neil took exception to my saying he misrepre-sentea our State on the question of Sunday open-ing. Would it be in order for me at this time to ask unanimous consent to have sent to the Clerk's desk and read, in answer to my colleague from  Massachusetts [Mr. O'Neil], the resolutions unani-mously adopted June 11, 1891, by the Massachu-setts house of representatives against and denounc-ing the Sunday opening of the World's Columbian Exposition ? THE SPEAKER. ŠIt would not. [Laughter.] MR. WATSON. Š(to Mr. Morse) That was well done. MR. PICKLER. ŠYes ; it was. The fact is in the Record now, and you can not rub it out. Yes, it is true, the facts of this whole matter are in the Record now, and they can not be rubbed out. Has it been well done ? True to Their Principles. THE General Conference of the Seventh-day Adventists held at Battle Creek, Mich., February 17 to March 6, unani-mously adopted the following preamble and resolutions :Š WHEREAS, There has been introduced in the legis-lature of the State of Tennessee, an act which dis-tinctly names the Seventh day Adventists, and pro-poses t legislate in their behalf in the following words :Š AN ACT to Prohibit Interference with the Religious Rights or Liberties of Certain Classes of Persons: SECTION 1. Be it enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee that Section 2289 of Milliken & Vertrees' compilation of the statute laws of the State of Tennessee be and is hereby so amended as not to apply to persons known as Seventh-day Baptists, Adventists, or any other persons whose religious faith teaches them to conscientiously believe that another day than the one generally observed by the people of the State is the proper one authorized by God as a day of rest. Provided, that their usual avocations shall not interfere in any manner with the peace, quiet, or proper rights of others. And provided further, that said persons shall observe one day in each week as a day of rest, as commanded in the Scriptures, SEC. 2. Be it further enacted, That all laws or parts of laws in conflict with this act be and are hereby repealed. SEC. 3. Be it further enacted, That this act take effect on and after its passage, the public welfare requiring it. WHEREAS, This proposed act does require that our religious faith shall teach us to conscientiously be-lieve that another day than the one generally ob-served is the proper one authorized by God ; and that we shall observe one day in each week as a day of rest, as commanded tin the Scriptures, andŠWHEREAS, Our consent to this act would be only to surrender to the State our God-given right to be religious or not religious, to observe or not to ob-serve a day according to the dictates of our own consciences and the convictions of our own minds; and would be only to consent that the State shall take judicial and supervising cognizance of our re-ligious beliefs and our conscientious observances; and would be only to consent that the State shall be the interpreter and expounder of the Scriptures for us; and would be to consent that there should be enforced upon others thatŠthe observance of SundayŠwhich we would not have enforced upon ourselves, and would therefore be a violation of that blessed precept of our Saviour and Master: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you do ye even so unto them "Šin short that it would be to consent that we and all others should be deprived of the dearest rights of man-kind, therefore be itŠ Resolved, By us, the Seventh-day Adventists in General Conference assembled, for and in behalf of the Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee and all other places, That while appreciating the good in- tention of the author of this proposed act, we beg to and hereby do enter our most solemn and em-phatic protest against the passage of this act, or any other of similar import, by the State of Ten-nessee or any other State or government on earth. Resolved, That this preamble and resolutions be printed, and that a copy be placed in the hands of each member of the legislature and officer of the State government of the State of Tennessee. And be it furtherŠ Resolved, That a committee be appointed to carry this protest to the legislature of Tennessee at its present session, to explain as fully as occasion may allow, our reasons for the position which we are compelled to take in this matter. These resolutions have now, been pre-sented to the legislature of the State of Tennessee and the reasons for the action have been given. What influence, if any, they will have upon the action of that body it is impossible to tell. But what-ever may be the immediate effect of the resolutions they have at least gone on record as a testimony against the iniquity of religious legislation upon whatever pre-text. The whole Sunday law of Tennes-see ought to be repealed, as ought every  other Sunday law, and this protest ought to speedily result in a general demand for such repeal, not in one State but in every State in the Union. Sunday Legislation in Maine. IT seems that Sunday legislation is in the very 'air. Such work is going on in every direction, Maine not excepted, not-withstanding she has hitherto prided her-self on her liberality, and boasted of her constitution, which guarantees to every man the right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. But in Maine, as well as elsewhere, the minis-ters realized that something must be done, as they were losing their power with the people to get their attendance at church. Hence a union committee was appointed for inter-denominational effort to secure better Sunday legislation. Of that com-mittee, Rev. Mr. Wharf, of Rockland, Professor Denio, of Bangor Theological Seminary, Rev. E. T. Adams, of Win-throp, Mr. Purrington, of Augusta, and Rev. W. S. McIntire, of Biddeford, met in Lewiston to map out plans of procedure. As the result of that meeting, there were three thousand five hundred circular let-ters sent out containing this blank form of petition :Š To the Honorable Senate and House of Representa-tives of the State of Maine : We, the undersigned, citizens of in the State of Maine, respectfully petition your hon-orable body to enact such laws as will prohibit Sunday excursions by railroad companies and steamboats, and properly regulate Sunday traffic. These blanks were sent to pastors and church people all over the State of Maine, asking them to procure signatures thereto; and in addition to sending out the petition the committee voted to request the pastor of each church in Maine to preach a ser-mon some Sunday in December on the subject of Sabbath observance. Thus the Sunday question has been greatly agitated throughout the State of Maine since Dec. 1, 1892. A bill was presented to the legislature early in the present session, asking that laws be enacted to prohibit railroad and steamboat excursions, and to properly regulate Sunday traffic. The bill was re-ferred to the Committee on Legal Affairs, before which a hearing was granted Feb-ruary 7. Ministers of the various denom-inations were well represented, and pleaded earnestly in behalf of the bill, claiming that it was the poor laboring man they were endeavoring to throw the protecting arm of the law around. Professor Denio, the principal speaker in defense of the bill, said in his closing remarks :Š Give us a law to protect Sunday and the Church will do the rest. The word " rest " revealed the evil mo-tive behind the whole movement, not-withstanding he tried to conceal it by claiming it was the poor laboring man whom he wished to see protected. If there be any query in the minds of any of the readers as to what the word " rest " means, 'let them go to Tennessee, and be-hold those who have procured a law to protect Sunday, dragging Christians to jail and compelling them to work upon the public highway by the side of crimi-nals, all because they dare to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. The bill was defeated. The committee voted unanimously to give the petitioners 