130 AMIHALLIICAJW  Vol.,. 8, No. 17. beings independent of supernatural reve-lation." Tho ten commandments are an expression of the character of God. This can only be known by supernatural reve-lation and is not deducible from a study of the nature and natural relations of hu-man beings. The apostle says, "that which may be known of God is manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them." They are neither a " civil code " nor an " ecclesiastical law." Both of these are of human origin and authority, but the ten commandments are divine; "thy law is truth " and "thy commandments are righteousness." Righteousness is prima-rily an attribute of God only. The com-mandments are then his righteousness, which is his character, and not a civil code which is a system of human ordinances, nor an ecclesiastical law which is a hu- man substitute for the divine government of the Church. They were not given to the Jewish nation or the Jewish Church alone, but to the whole world through them. Family worship does create a union be- tween the family and the Church, and just so the formal civil recognition of the ten commandments as the " foundation of moral legislation " does unite Church and State. The ten commandments are in the hands of Christ to be " administered " only against the wicked. Every believer who accepts Christ is by faith subject to grace and not to the law, for except through his atonement none can be saved. Christ is not " King of nations," until in his second coming that which he him-self said shall take place,Š" Now is the judgment of this world : now shall the prince of this world be cast out." Then shall his kingdom, which " is not of this world," be set up. Nations are not moral beings, but are composed of moral beings who are indi-vidually under the law as many as deny Christ and refuse him their faith and love. The Church of God is not under the law to ChristŠonly those membersŠhypo-critesŠto whom he will say in the last day, " I never knew you." They who have been forgiven go free from subjec-tion to penalty, keeping in love the com-mandments of God and the faith of Jesus. The commandments are a rule of life to the individual but not to the family or the State, as organized bodies, except as they are a rule of life to the individuals separately, of whom the family, the State and the Church are composed. Neither is it the ten commandments which bring men into subjection to Christ, but the love of God shed abroad in our hearts. Our Sunday laws are nOt rooted and grounded in the fourth commandment. Man can make no Sabbath or Sunday laws which will not be separate from that edict of Jehovah; and no religious edict which man can issue is " worth the paper it is written upon." Rev. Joseph Cook answered this letter; but did he repeat and enforce his state-ment that " the civil Sabbath is not based upon the fourth commandment" ? Here is his reply Dear Mr. Foster:ŠWe do not disagree in funda-mental principles as to the divine authority of the civic rest day. But I could not make that divine authority depend wholly or chiefly on the fourth commandment; for I believe there was a day for rest and worship set apart at the creation; that the Sabbath is as old as the family, and that apostolic example and precept justify,  the observance of the Lords day as a Christian Sabbath. The fourth  commandment begins with the word " Remember," and itself stands on much that went before it as well as on what accompanied it. The self-revela-tion of God in the whole history of the rest-day from creation until now was the ground on which I placed the divine authority of our Sunday laws in their general outlines Yours very respectfully, JOSE PH Coon. This letter of Mr. Cook's illuminates the point in question about as much as the answer of the spiritualist who, when asked why it was that supposed communi-cations, from the most intellectual or the most ignorant of the departed, showed about the same intellectual average, replied that it was because of the medium having "an indifferentiated perceptivity which antecedes sensory specialization, and which the specialization of the nerve stimuli to which terrestrial evolution conducts us, may restrict as well as clar-ify." It would seem that Mr. Cook in a mo-ment of incaution emitted a flash of rea-son which now he is roost extremely de-sirous of obscuring with a cloud of words. W. H. M. Sunday Exemption Clauses. MANY Sunday laws have in them an exemption for those who "conscientiously believe that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrain from secular labor on that day," or who " keep another day of the week as holy time," or " observe as the Sabbath any other day of the week than Sunday," or "observe as the Sab-bath one day in each seven, as herein pro-vided." (See Sunday laws of Michigan, Maine, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Min-nesota, Kentucky, etc.) But such ex-emptions are wrong for the following reasons :- 1. Because the law which gives occa- sion for them is wrong. A law which de-mands an exemption to prevent its coming in conflict with the inalienable rights and conscientious convictions of men, must certainly be wrong. 2. They are wrong because they are merely acts of toleration. To grant that the Government has a right to say whether the individual shall be allowed to exercise his rights or not, is to grant to it the power to deny him his rights. But toleration is not the doctrine of true civil and religious liberty, nor of the founders of the American Government. Of Madison, history says :Š Religious liberty was a matter that strongly en-listed his feelings. When it was proposed that, under the new Constitution, all should enjoy the fullest toleration in the exercise of religion, ac-cording to the dictates of conscience, Madison pointed out that this provision did not go to the root of the matter. The free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience, is some-thing that every man may demand as a right, not something for which he must ask as a privilege. To grant to the State the power of tolerating is implicitly to grant to it the power of prohibiting; whereas Madison would deny it any jurisdiction whatever in the matter of religion. ŠAppleton's Cyclopedia of American Biography. vol. 4, p. 165. Dr. Philip Schaff, in laying down the same principles says :Š Toleration is an important step from State-churchism to free-churchism. But it is only a step. There is a very great difference between toleration and liberty. Toleration is a concession which may be withdrawn; it implies a preference for the rul-ing form of faith and worship, and a practical dis-approval of all other forms. . . . In our coun-try we ask no toleration for religion and its free exercise, but we claim it as an inalienable right. Š Schaff's Church and State in the United States, P. 14. And Hon. Richard M. Johnson, in his famous Sunday Mail Report adopted by the United States SeŠate in 1829, well observed that,Š Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion and to enjoy it freely, without molestation. . . . The proper ( bject of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their civil as well as religious rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy. . . . What ether nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indul-gence, but as rights of which Government can not d. rive any portion of citizens, however small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but jus-tice still confirms them.ŠAmerican State Papers, pp. 90-100. 3. They are wrong, because to consent that they are right is to admit that the Government has a right to compel every-body to observe a rest day, which is no*, true. At most it can only enforce idle-ness; but it has no right to compel men to be idle, or to deprive them of their God-given time, so long as in their use of it they keep within the bounds of civility. Industry and not idleness is in the interest of both the individual and the Govern-ment. Mr. Andrew Young, in his " Govern-ment Class Book," p. 198, speaking of personal liberty, says Every person has the right to go wherever he pleases, free from restraint on the part of others. If any one restrains him of his liberty even for a very short period or without violence, as by lock-ing him in a room, he may recover damages. This is one of our most valued rights, and is forfeited only by crime. 4. They are wrong, because they re-quire a religious observance, which civil government has no right to do, and are granted only upon religious considera-tions. In order to receive the benefit of the exemption, one must " conscientiously believe " that some other day than Sun-day is " the Sabbath," and " actually re-frain from business and labor on that day," or observe it " as the Sabbath." 5. They are wrong, because the exemp-tion requires more of those who are ex-empted than the law itself requires of those who are not. They must " consci-entiously " observe the day they keep, or keep it " as the Sabbath," while of those not exempted no such requirement is made, though as the exemption itself in-dicates, and as all men know, that is the implied intent of the law. Sunday laws, exemptions and all, are enacted for the purpose of enforcing the observance of a religious institution and compelling the conscience. 6. They are wrong, because to enact that which is professedly designed for the benefit of the consciences of one class only, is to enter upon class legislation, and thereby to consent that the Govern- ment may disregard the consciences of all other classes in this respect. 7. They are wrong, because for any class to ask for or accept of them is but selfishness. James Russell Lowell, in a poem entitled " Freedom," has well re-buked the asking for this sort of free-dom, in the following words:Š " Is true freedom but to break Fetters for our own dear sake, And with leathern hearts forget That we owe mankind a debt ? No; true freedom is to share All the chains our brothers wear; And, with heart and hand, to be In earnest to make others free." 8. They are wrong, because those who ask for or accept them thereby virtu-ally shut themselves off from protesting against the law from which they have asked 