220 a`HE AMERICAN SENTINEL. liquor continues Sunday after Sunday, and the venders seem to have little or no fear of disturbance. If every barkeeper who violates the law was apprehended, the station house could scarcely contain the crowd. " Of course, the arrests are a mere sham. They are, apparently, of small dealers, for the most part, and the evi-dence obtained against the alleged offend-ers seems to be usually of a very flimsy sort. " Naturally, the Grand Jury resents being made a party to such a humbug. It also has a sense of justice and it is out-raged at the discrimination in the arrests. It sees that the opportunity afforded for the arbitrary exercise of power encourages gross injustice, and tends to the demoral-ization of the police, otherwise distin-guished for fidelity to their trust. The police know that the law is a farce, that it is not sustained by public sentiment, and that it cannot be enforced universally and equally, and they are diverted by it from the serious performance of their duty and tempted to favoritism, persecu-tion, and injustice. " The presentment demands that the police regulations shall be made to con-form to the law; but there never has been such conformity, except for brief periods and as a sporadic exhibition of activity. It was tried very thoroughly under Mayor Hewitt, but after a few Sundays it was abandoned as hopeless. To enforce the law absolutely, invariably, and continu-ously would require that the whole atten-tion of the police be given to that single effort. It would have to be made, too, against the strong opposition of public sentiment, not the sentiment of the drunk-ards and the lawless, but of the sober, the respectable and the law abiding; for most of the Sunday drinkers are quiet and orderly people, Germans for instance, who consume their beer daily. " Hence new police regulations will not be of any avail. The police have dis-tinguished themselves for their vigilance in other directions. They have driven criminals out of New York and lessened the amount of actual crime. No city in the world has a better police. But they have not been able to stop Sunday liquor selling. They cannot enforce the Sunday Excise law, and they have never enforced it from the day of its passage until now, unless by a special effort which could not be continued. A business which the law makes unlawful proceeds with the support and countenance of public sentiment. " The only reasonable presentment on the subject which the Grand Jury can make, therefore, is a denunciation of the law as impossible of execution, and de-moralizing to the people and the police. That is the conclusion to which Mayor Hewitt came after his earnest attempt to enforce the law. The sale of intoxicating beverages on Sunday will go on, law or  no law, and the regulation of the traffic should be recognized as inevitable. " The outrage of the arbitrary and dis-criminating Sunday arrests is far worse in its effects upon the popular respect for the law, and the popular sense of justice, than any evils which would come from the freest sale of intoxicating beverage on that day." The Golden Rule. MR. CRAFTS says, " The Golden Rule bids us rest and let rest on the rest day." Very well; if he desires to rest on Sunday he is free to do so; and those who choose to work on that day will not object, but will let him rest. But this is not what he means. He wants a law to compel all to rest in order that he and his class may rest. Suppose that one wishes to rest on Sat-urday. Ought all to be compelled to rest on that day in order to let him rest ? It is a bogus golden rule that will not work both ways. " But the great majority choose Sunday as the day of rest." Well, they are free to do so. And those who live by the Golden Rule will freely accord to the smallest minority the equal right to rest when they please, or not to rest at all, if they so choose. Ł R. F. COTTRELL. eŁ  A Woman's Christian Temperance Union Member's Views. THE views of a member of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, on the Sun- day question, were published in the Spo- kane Falls Review, of March 28, 1891, as follows :Š To THE EDITOR OF THE REVIEW : We know there is great opposition to the Sunday question and we expect there will be, but that does not daunt us. There was a great deal of opposition to the temper-ance educational work in its earliest days, and an unlimited supply toward the department of nar-cotics when that was first assumed. Of the former, wise men said that it was a species of oppression ; that parents not in sympathy with the movement could not be compelled to buy books for their chil-dren to study what they did not care to have them know. And when, in a district of Illinois, where beer-brewing was the order of the day, the teacher was ordered to take a glass of the foaming bever-age (?) into the school and to give an object lesson on it and portray its merits, croakers said : " Didn't we tell you so ? You are only making the matter worse ; better have kept still." But the Woman's Christian Temperance Union worked right on. To-day the District of Columbia, all the- Territories, the military and naval schools, and thirty-four States have temperance teaching enacted by law, and the other ten .States are being vigorously worked toward the same result. The work against the tobacco habit was antagonized by the idea that if we succeeded we would destroy a great industry, and alienate many who would otherwise be o,ur friends, especially in the South. But the women said, " Better destroy a great industry than our boys," and kept the thing going. To-day " narcot-ics " is one of our " most approved " departments, for right is right, and that is what we want. Sp now, on this Sunday question. This is significant. The women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union  worked on, undaunted by the opposition they met, until they secured "temperance teaching," or the teaching of hygiene and physiology, enforced by law, in most of the States and Territories. Now that was a legitimate move; for it was a civil ques-tion. But the idea of their carrying out the same plan regarding the.  Sunday ques-tion (for she says : " So now, on this Sun-day question ") is wrong, because it is not a civil but a religious question. It comes within the doors of the Church; takes up a matter pertaining to our worship or duty to our God, and enforces by law upon the people religious views not in ac-cordance with their consciences; and as some of the States have compulsory school laws many would be compelled to refrain either from obeying the statutes of the States, or from following the dictates of their own consciences. Is it right for man to be thus situated ? Is it right for such textbooks to be placed in the common schools ? Have Protest-ants any more right to teach their doc-trines in the public schools than the Ro-man Catholics and Mohammedans have to teach theirs ? S. H. CARNAHAN. By Divine Right. IN the Christian Nation, of June 3, is .the following:Š In September last the Prince of Wales, with a few friends, was the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Wilson. Baccarat was played every evening. The stakes were limited to one hundred pounds. The Prince of Wales was banker. Sir William Gordon-Cumming, a personal friend of the Prince, cheated, was detected, and has sued his accusers for slander. The trial came on in London this week, and the world has been treated to the spectacle of the future ruler of the British empire " by divine right," admitting on the witness stand that he is the associate and friend of professional gamblers, and cheating gamblers at that. This paragraph is not reprinted for the purpose of informing the readers of THE SENTINEL that the Prince of Wales has had an unusual experience, growing out of his celebrated game of baccarat. But it is to call attention to the evident sneer couched in the quoted phrase, " by divine right," in the above paragraph. One hardly knows what to conjecture from reading it. Has the Christian Nation been converted to the sound principles of civil government, through reading the various accounts of the game scandal-ously played by the heir apparent to the throne of England ? It is to be wished that such were the case. No doubt the Prince of Wales is prince as much " by divine right " as any prince that the world has ever known. God has certainly decreed that men should establish civil governments. It is necessary that there should be civil power to suppress in-civility. But the Christian Nation advo-cates the necessity of having God recog-nized in the laws of the land, as the supreme Ruler in civil affairs, and that princes should rule "by divine right." 