APRIL fM, 1804. ".'InNŁriniNVIL40 IJ1 false Sabbath, and that they are preparing to enforce it by the very means which she herself employed in by-gone days. Those who reject the light of truth will yet seek the aid of this self-styled infallible power to exalt an institution that originated with her. How. readily she will come to the help of Protestants in this work, it is not difficult to conjecture. Who under-stands better than the papal leaders how to deal with those who ate disobedient to the church ? The Roman Church, with all its ramifi-cations throughout the world, forms one vast organization, under the control, and designed to serve the interests, of the papal see. Its millions of communicants, in every country on the globe, are in-structed to hold themselves as bound in allegiance to the pope. Whatever their nationality or their government, they are to regard the authority of the church as above all other. Though they may take the oath pledging their loyalty to the State, yet back of this lies the vow of obedience to Rome, absolving them from every pledge inimical to her interests. Protestants little know what they are doing when they propose to accept the aid. of Rome in the work of Sunday exaltation. While they are bent upon the accomplish-ment of their purpose, Rome is aiming to re-establish her power, to recover her lost supremacy. Let history testify of her artful and persistent efforts to insinuate herself into the affairs of nations; and having gained a foothold, to further her own aims, even at the ruin of princes and people. Romanism openly puts forth the claim that the pope "can pronounce sen-tences and judgments in contradiction to the rigid of nations, to the law of,God and man." And let it be remembered, it is the boast of Rome that she never- changes. The principles of Gregory VII. and Innocent III. are still the principles of the Romish Church. And had she but the power she would put them in practice with as much vigor now as in past centuries. Let the principle once be established in the United States, that the Church may employ or control the power of the State; that reli-gious observances may be enforced by secular laws; in short, that the authority of Church and State is to dominate the conscience, and the triumph of Rome in this country is assured. God's word has given warning of the impending danger; let this be unheeded, and the Protestant world will learn what the purposes of' Rome really are, only when it is too late to escape the snare. She is silently growing into power. Her doctrines are exerting their influence in legislative halls, in the churches, and in the hearts of men. She is piling up her lofty and massive structures, in the secret recesses of which her former persecutions will be repeated. Stealthily and unsus-pectedly she is strengthening her forces to further her own ends when the time shall come for her to strike. All that she desires is vantage-ground, and this is al-ready beim).b  given her. We shall soon see and shall feel what, the purpose of the Roman element is. Whoever shall believe and obey the word of God will thereby incur reprotkch and persecution.ŠGreat Controversy, pp. 571-581. Ł Ł  "HAPPY is the man, who, when tempted, finds his soul rich in the knowledge of the Scriptures, who finds shelter beneath the promises of God." The Catholics, the Schools, the Clergy, and the Midwinter Fair. THE San Francisco Monitor, of April 7, deVotes four-fifths of its first page to the question of " Myers' History" in the public schools of San Francisco, and an attack upon the Baptist minister who has made ,himself obnoxious to the Roman Catholic element by his championship of the book. The publishers of the history and their local agent also receive considerable gra-tuitous and unsolicited advertising. The A. P. A. and Sunday closing of the Mid-winter Exposition do not fail of notice with all the rest. These are the first two paragraphs:Š A committee of the Protestant clergymen of San Francisco waited on the director-general of the Mid-winter Fair the other day to present a petition in favor of closing the Exposition on Sunday. The papers tell us that they called on Mr. De Young at she adminis-tration building and waited and waited and waited for the director-general who never came. Such ap-parent discourtesy was most surprising, and we were exceedingly anxious for an explanation. We got it before we finished the account of the incident. An adequate reason why any gentleman should refuse to meet the committee was found in the name which closed, the list of its members, J. Q. A. Henry. Decent people do not like to consort with liars and forgers. Mr. Henry knows he is a liar; we shall prove him a forger. He has suddenly sprung into notoriety by championing the A. P. A. and the A. P. A. programme of bigotry and intolerance. He is now busily engaged in the congenial task of trying to force on the public schools of San Francisco an infamous concoction of anti-papist prejudices dignified by the name of " Myers' History." Against him is solidly ar-rayed the entire body of fair-minded and self-respect-ing Protestants, but Mr. Henry only knows the morals of his masters, the A. P. A., and fair-mindedness and self-respect are carefully expunged from their com-mandments. The Monitor also pays its compliments, in the course of the article to Josiah Strong and his book, " Our Country," and then relapses again into very forcible rhetoric, in the course of which Mr. Henry is called a liar in the tersest form in which that opinion could be expressed, and other equally uncomplimentary terms applied to him in very fluent Saxon. Taken all together this seems a very fiirious outbreak against the publishing and teaching of the facts of history. How long will it be before the Presbyte-rians will be demanding the suppression of the facts in reference to the early per-secutions for which they were responsible in New England? and the Episcopalians require that the chapters of general his-tory relating to their course as to the Presbyterians in England and Scotland be expunged before the text-books are laid before the pupils of the public schools? Great crimes and cruelties have been per-petrated by wolves in sheep's clothing under the name of religion, in other folds than the Roman Catholic; why may they not be expected to follow Roman Catholic example in this, as in other things, and require a general expurgation for their benefit ? It is more and more evident that the dominant religious faction in this country will eventually dominate, educa-tionally as well as socially and politically. THE San Francisco clergymen have me-morialized the executive committee of the Midwinter Fair, asking that its gates be closed during the remainder of the time that the Fair is held. These clergymen deny that they, ask this because they are clergymen or Christians, yet the reasons which they assign, in accordance with which the Fair should be closed on Sun-day, are all religious. The San Francisco Examiner comments thus :Š The first of these reasons, which is a fair sample of  the rest, is that "this is a Christian nation, so decided by the Supreme Court of the United States." Our clerical friends are considerably in error here. The Supreme Court of the United States has no authority to decide this to be a Christian nation, or a nation attached to any other religion. Its powers are strictly specified in the Constitution, They do not include any jurisdiction over matters of belief, except in en-forcing the constitutional provisions that "no reli-gious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States," and that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof." The memorial accuses the committee of expelling the "American Sabbath" and introducing the "gay and godless Parisian Sunday with sports." On the con-trary, the Fair managers have expelled nothing and introduced nothing. They have not expelled the "American Sabbath" of the Salem witch-hangers, because it never existed in our favored State, and they have not imported a Sunday from Paris or any other foreign locality, but have retained unimpaired the bright and wholesome holiday Sunday of California. If we except a very few Midway Plaisance features, which are demoralizing on any day, there is nothing at the Fair which even a delegation of clergymen might not witness on Sunday with distinct advantage. The memorialists appear to overlook the fact that the Fair is situated a considerable distance from the settled portions of the town, that it employs no emis-saries to kidnap unwilling citizens and force them to witness its godless sights, and that even people who voluntarily undertake the long journey to its gates are compelled to yield up fifty cents apiece before they are allowed to enter. Certainly the churches have no reason to complain of such competition as that. They charge no admission fees, and if they want the public to attend their services instead of flocking to the Fair, all they have to do is to make their entertainment as interesting as that at the Park. These are the same claims which were made as to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, in but slightly differing phraseology. Clearly the ground has been laid out, back and forth over which the religious contest is to be fought until the end of time. It is wearisome to think of this unending repetition of arguments which prove nothing and of puerile state-ments which have no foundation in fact, but they will be repeated and repeated until at last by their Ł very wearisome in-sistence they will be tolerated and then accepted. W. H. M. Ł Toleration Versus Rights. IN the opening chapter of his latest his-torical work, " Massachusetts : Its Histo-rians and Its History," Charles Francis Adams says :Š On corresponding panels of the inner front of the Water-Gate at the Chicago World's Fair are these two inscriptions, prepared by President Eliot of Harvard; at the left, as one faces the east, " Civil Liberty the Means of Building up Personal and National Charac-ter; " at the right, " Toleration in Religion the Best Fruit of the Last Four Centuries." Mr. Adams immediately adds, " Ob- viously, the last is the stronger, and much more comprehensive legend." But strong as it is, this legend is a humiliating con- fession rather than the soul-inspiring dec-laration it was designed to be. It has been well said:Š Toleration is not the opposite of intoleration, but is a counterfeit of it. Both are despotisms. The one assumes to itself the right of withholding liberty of conscience, and the other of granting it. In a report to the United States Senate, in 1829, Hon. Richard M. Johnson said :Š What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are exercised not in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which gov-ernment cannot deprive any portion of citizens. The idea is that free men spurn tolera-tion; and very properly so, too, for that which is tolerated is exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence. That is what the word means. Webster says :Š Toleraytee. 1. The power or capacity of enduring; the act of enduring; endurance. 2. The endurance of 