278 AMERICAN SENTINEL. religious arguments. We have got to educate them again. Not long ago Francis Murphy spent thirty days in Boston preaching total abstinence, and the arrests for drunkenness were 268 the less during that month ! Great numbers signed a pledge of abstinence from the drink. Similar efforts elsewhere will produce similar results. "What next? Others may answer this question as they choose: but my answer, as a lifelong teetotaler and foe of the diabolical liquor traffic, is, Let us have a fresh education against the deadly evils of the drinking cus-toms. Christ's churches are neglecting this; Sunday-schools are neglecting this too much; parents are neg-lecting this; temperance societies have largely disbanded : moral, efforts are dying out; and fearfully are we paying for this wretched policy. Instead of the idle and easy shout, "The saloons must go !" suppose we make an im-mense effort, in God's strength, to keep people from going to the saloons or anywhere else to buy intoxicants. Stopping the use is the true way to stop the sale. Our substantial victories in the past have been won on those lines; they can be won again; and they will be when parents and patriots and Christians all awake to their manifest duty." -4  "RIGHTEOUSNESS exalteth a nation," says the Script-ure; but it does not follow that any man or set of men should try to exalt the nation through righteousness. Not the men, but the righteousness, is the exalting ele-ment; and righteousness comes only as it is imputed, through faith, to the individual. Let every man build ,`over against his own house." Unchristian Advice to Endeavorers. CERTAIN of the baseball clubs of the " National League" have announced that they will play games this season on Sunday. Whereupon certain leaders of "Chris-tian Endeavor" have inaugurated a campaign against this proposed exhibition of "Sabbath desecration" which is outlined by the Rev. R. DeWitt Mallary, in a recent issue of the Golden Rule. He tells the Christians whom he addresses that "a great deal" may be done to stop this profanation of Sunday, in various ways. " Western Endeavorers," he exclaims, "stir up your sheriffs to ex-ecute the law in the cities where this unholy pleasuring violates the Sabbath and the spirit of American institu-tions. Eastern Endeavorers! when these profaners of the Sabbath, who'so brazenly defy you and set at naught your holiest feelings, journey thither to play, let a -right-eous anger' rise up within you against the evil which they flaunt on their banner, and attend no game in which any of those clubs plays. . . . Let them receive a chilling reception at the hands of all Christians." A number of queries are suggested by such an utter-ance. Why, for instance, should pleasuring be proceeded against by the sheriff because it is "unholy." Do human laws deal with actions on the basis of their character as holy or unholy? If not, why should the Sunday base-ballists be interfered with for playing "unholy" games?  And if this kind of "unholy pleasuring" should be pro-hibited by law, why should not all other "unholy pleas-uring" be likewise prohibited? Why, in short, should there not be laws against everything that is unholy, with sheriffs properly instructed to enforce them? Again, what is there in a game of baseball on Sunday which constitutes a "brazen defiance" of a Christian Endeavorer, who from his profession may properly be supposed to be busy somewhere in Christian work or wor-ship, far away from the place of worldly sports? The Sunday baseballist does not propose to interfere with the Christian Endeavorer, but the Christian Endeavorer proposes to interfere with the Sunday ball player and forbid him to engage on Sunday in his avocation from which he derives his living. Is this any less a defiance of the baseball player than his Sunday playing is a defiance of the Christian Endeavorer? And has a person any better right to defy another because he is a Christian Endeavorer, than he would have as a baseball player? Again, what are the "holiest feelings" of Christian Endeavorers supposed to be? Are they feelings which relate in some way to a game of baseball? We had not supposed this to be the case. We give them credit for a higher Christianity than that. Again, why should Christians, and especially Chris-tian Endeavorers, give to another class of their fellow-beings a "chilling reception "? If they are exceptional sinners, as Sunday ball players are affirmed to be, should not Christians manifest even a warmer fellowship toward them than toward others, that they may, if possible, be won to Christ? If God and Christ do not give the sinner a "chilling reception," what business have Christ's pro-fessed followersŠthemselves sinnersŠto do so? God distinguishes between the sinner and the sin. Ought not God's children do as much for their fellow-mortals? Mr. Mallary concludes his exhortation to the Endeav-orers with the words, "God make us militant Christians!" Militant against what? Against self and the sin that lurks in our own hearts? It seems not; but against our fellowmen, for the commission of what we consider their crimes ! Militant by means of sheriffs and the civil law! Šis this the warfare of the "church militant "? We think not. This advice of Mr. Mallary's to the Christian Endeav-orers is in great need of revision. IT was recently reported that France had announced to the Powers, with reference to the war between Turkey and Greece, that unless the Sultan makes overtures of peace, she will "come forward as the defender of the Chris-tian cause." Does this mean that the Christian cause has suffered defeat? If not, why must France come to its rescue? Ł The outcome of the war illustrates the folly of the idea that the cause of Christianity can be represented by an earthly government with its troops and vessels of war. Any such government is liable to defeat, as has 