72 AMERICAN SENTINEL. cies are all studies and investigations of a social and scientific character; these latter are of great importance and not to be ignored or neglected by religious men; but they are subordinate and not paramount or preUminent. This appears to have been the method of Jesus. He evi-dently expected his successors to do many thingsŠhe asserts even "greater things"Šthat he did not do. They were to be under the direction of the Holy Spirit, who was to "bring all things to their remembrance"Šguide them as he himself had done, only on a broader scale. What the church and Christianity want, then, to-day, is not a new economical or political or hygienic gospel, but the original gospel of Jesus, which calls for repent-ance and faith as conditions of regeneration and which insists on the characteristics laid down in the Sermon on the, Mount and the other teachings of Jesus. This will include doing good to all men and in all ways, rectifying all wrongs whether industrial, commercial, domestic, or political. That this is not more fully doneŠand heaven knows how great is the lack !Šis not because we need a new religion, but because we do not apply that which we have. ir• Ł 4 4 Sunday and Personal Right. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE Constitution of the United States was founded upon the self-evident truth that all men are created equal. This government was not organized to grant rights to which its citizens previously were not entitled, but to protect each one in his individual rights. It. sought to be a government such as all governments ought to beŠone in which the individual shall enjoy to the fullest ex-tent his natural rights. To more effectually secure these rights church and state were separated; and Congress was forbidden to leg-islate in favor of, or against, religion, confining it to matters which are purely civil. It is sometimes urged by those who are seeking to secure laws for the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath day that such a step would not be a union of church and state. But murder will out, and it is being made more and more manifest that such statements, however honestly intended, are absolutely and unqualifiedly false. H Sunday laws are all right, and no union of church and state would thereby be effected, why do they desire to have the Constitution changed? As the Constitution was founded upon the self-evident truth that all men are created equalŠthat they have certain unalienable rights; and since to more effectually secure these rights to one and all church and state were kept separate, it is perfectly plain that to change the Constitution in this regard is to deny the doctrine that all men are created equalŠthat they have any inalienable rights at all. It is therefore perfectly natural that those who plead for Sunday laws should come right out and thus deny this principleŠthis self-evident truth. Indeed, it could not be otherwise. Hence Dr. Burrell, at the Christian Endeavor convention held a few months ago, at Pater-son, N. J., in pleading for Sunday laws, was perfectly log-ical when he declared that the doctrine of personal rights was a political heresy. To fasten this teaching of Dr. Burrell upon the peo-ple of this country is to bring them into the worst kind of bondagq. It is not only to make a slave of man's ac-tions, but also of his conscience. From being a king amongst kings, he is reduced to the awful condition of a. serfŠa mere automaton, a machine of the government, capable of action only as the government directs. Doubtless Dr. Burrell and his associates would like to cover up this truth, if it were possible But the matter of Sunday laws, striking as it does at the very root of personal liberty, brings its advocates face to face with this phase of the qnestion, and the inexorable law of logic compels them to make this argument; they cannot dodge it if they would. Sunday law advocates would have us believe that this Sunday-Sabbath is a true friend of allŠespecially of the laboring classes. But an institution that cannot be sus-tained except by denying truth that is self evident, is an enemy, an implacable foe; and will destroy instead of save,Šwhether it be.  a nation or an individual. Conse-quently Sunday cannot be a part of the truth the knowl-edge of which shall make us free. John 8:32. Its source is not in the Author of freedom who' said, "And if the Son shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed ;" nor is it a part of that law concerning which the Psalmist said, "I will walk at liberty, for I seek thy precepts." Ps. 119:45. In the address of Dr. Burrell before referred to, he urged that Sunday is a seal. Yes, this is true; but not the seal of God as the speaker desired his hearers to be-lieve. The very fact that this Sunday institution cannot, as before stated, be sustained only as the self-evident truth that all men are created equal, is squarely denied, and a change of the Constitution called for, ought to con_ vince every one, especially Christians, beyond the possi-bility of a doubt, that Sunday is not the Sabbath of the Bible, nor the seal of the living God. God's Sabbath is not a sign of bondage, but of libertyŠliberty that can be found only in the Lord Jesus Christ. THIS country does not need a kind of "patriotism" that is only good on the fourth of July, and derives its chief inspiration from fireworks and lemonade. IF,  you don't agree with the sentiments expressed in this paper, don't get excited over it; but if you do, re-member that on the side of truth there is always calm-ness. 