Some wore WORKING IN CHAINS. --- double chains, which must have galled and chafed legs as they worked under a broiling sun. their AN ARMED GUARD. Watching each gang was a guard, with a Winchester rifle or a double-barreled shot-gun, ready to shoot down any man or boy who might attempt to escape. 271 CA, N ONTIN VOL. 10, N o. 35 quote his own words as they appeared in the New York Herald, of August 18:Š Dr. McCown, who was in charge, said I wasn't sick at all, and would not treat me. But all the five weeks, each morning they dragged me out to the works [a brickyard], which were about a half a mile out, and let me lie there all day. Then they dragged me back at night. They dragged me head first on my breast, and wore the skin all off of my belly and breast. "For the first ten or fifteen days this man was not whipped. Then one of the lessees," says the Herald's correspondent, " visited the camp and ordered the whipping boss to give him a hundred lashes a day for three months, or, until he would work. In vain did the poor convict explain that he was sick." The next day the doctor and the lessee came to where Merritt was lying, in front of the building. " Get up and walk," ordered the lessee. The negro complained that he could not. Then Captain James, who was whipping boss, took a heavy pole and beat the negro with it. " I was lying down," he says, " James hit me on the back of the head and shoulders. He was beating me when the doctor told him to stop, saying that anybody could see that I was sick." Subsequently, this man was given seventy-five lashes a day for fifteen days, and at one time he received one hundred and seventy-five lashes. When cold weather came on he was refused shoes or sufficient clothing, and both his feet were badly frozen. This man has employed as his attorney Col. E. N. Broyles, one of the best lawyers in Georgia, a man notably conservative, and one who does not figure in sensational cases. Colonel Broyles hesitated for some time to take this case because the statements made by the negro seemed to be incredible. He began an investigation, however, and was soon fully satisfied that the man was telling the truth. The case of Merritt is an extreme one, but by no means isolated. Last winter there were numerous cases reported from Georgia, in which convicts suffered severely from insuffi-cient clothing; some were compelled to work almost naked in icy water until their feet were frozen, and they were permanently crippled.  Some lost por-tions of their feet, and in one or two cases, legs had to be ampu-tated. Such are the abuses to which, under the Sun-day law of Geor-gia, God-fearing men, good citi-zens,* good neighbors, kind husbands and fa-thers, are liable to be subjected at any time; for while the abuses cited have oc-curred in connec-tion with t h e penitentiary sys-tem, it is stated by the Herald thatŠ If the abuses in the penitentiary proper are bad, the abuses in the col-lateral branch, known as the county chain - gangs, are infinitely worse. The men who are sentenced by the courts to short terms for misde-meanorsŠthe men who, in the eyes of the courts, are not guilty of crimes [felonies]Šfare worse than do the convicts in the penitentiary proper. One of the editors of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL visited Georgia recently for the express purpose of learning for himself the truth about the chain-gang system, and seeing for himself convicts actually at work in chain-gangs. He saw, in the city of Atlanta, working in the Exposition Grounds and on streets adjacent thereto, several hundred convicts, each man wearing a chain; and watching each gang was a guard, with a Winchester rifle or a double-barreled shot-gun, ready to shoot down any man or boy who might attempt to escape. Many of these men worked in an aimless, hopeless sort of way as though all the spirit was crushed out of them. Some wore double chains, which must have galled and. chafed th eir legs as they worked under a broiling sun. The orders of the armed guards were given in quick, * The judge be-fore whom J. Q. Allison was tried, said to him: "I understand you are a good man: your neighbors say you are; there is noth-ing in the world against you." But notwithstanding this, his honor ad-vised him to leave the State, and said: "If you come up before me again, I will pu you whe' e it will be a long time before you can get out of the State.' sharp tones, which indicated that they would brook no disobedience; and altogether  the scene was one never to be forgotten. Each county is allowed to work its misde-meanor convicts in chain gangs, and they ai e put to work on the roads or streets. It is Lot an unfamiliar sight to see men and boys wear- ing heavy shackles, working upon the roads. or upon the streets of cities; and, as in the caie of the chain-gangs already described, each squad has its guard armed with a Winchester rifle or a double-barreled shot gun and a six shooter. The State has no reform school, and the writer saw boys of twelve or fourteen years of age wearing striped suits and working with other convicts in the chain-gang in Atlanta. Some of these boys looked like anything but hardened criminals, and were probably more sinned against than sinning. The younger ones did not wear chains while at work. Not long since, one of these boys was beaten to death by an inhuman overseer. A corres- pondent of the New York Herald, speaking, August 18, of the youthful convicts working in county chain-gangs, says:Š A Dodge County boy who was convicted of a misde meanor, was sent to a chain-gang in Laurens County. He was needed in Dodge to testify in another case, and he came back there practically a physical wreck. It was shown that he had been so badly beaten that he could scarcely walk. There were great welts all over him. The evidences of cruelty were so marked that the county authorities at once presented the facts to the governor, and the boy was pardoned. Another instance of cruelty in a county chain-gang, is thus reported by the same writer :Š William Griffin, a white convict, was interviewed by the Yaldosta Times, and told the story of how, on Christmas Eve, he saw one of the convicts flogged so badly that he died that night. This was in (Ale of the private chain-gangs, which are operated in home of the smaller counties. The county itself has not enough convicts to warrant running a chain-gang of its own. Some enterprising individual succeeds in leasing thesi-convicts and those from other small counties near by, and there he operates it, the absolute monarch, with-out any restraint whatever. Instances have been cited where these men have held convicts beyond the time for which they were sentenced. Griffin thus tells of the rations served in some of the county chain-gangs:Š For breakfast, half a pone of corn bread and a 