SENTINEL OF 1.1E1E141'7i. . 70T Never before had the Declaration of Independ-ence spoken in vain, but now its voice falls upon ears deaf to the plea of justice. Ambition said: The young colossus of the West must be like all the nationsŠa great world-power. Greed pointed to the rich lands, to the undeveloped mines, to the vir-gin forests, to the teaming millions ready to ex-change gold, and pearls, and various rare but rich materials for the products of the forge and factory of the busy West. Other voices, too, were heard in excited and angry denial of the principle of government by the consent of the governed. The National Reform doctrine that governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, suddenly found many advocates. It was voiced by press and pulpit, by clergymen and statesmen. The clergy-man pleaded the spiritual needs of the natives and the great advantage that would accrue to the church from American rule in the Philippines, and urged that it was a sacred duty to follow the " evident leading of divine Providence." The plea of the statesman was the difficulty of withdrawing from the islands, the need of coaling stations and fortified harbors in the far East, the obligation a great nation is under to civilization, and the duty of the Govern-ment to open to commerce every avenue that prom-ises fair returns on invested capital; and last, but not least, that the possession of this Eastern empire, to be had for the taking, was " manifest destiny." But, whatever the argument, all the advocates of the new imperial policy united in denying the doc-trine of the fathers of the Republic that govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. And then, after the question was fully discussed, the people spoke upon it in a general election, and by their votes sanctioned the doctrine that governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. And now what is the next step in this apostasy from the principles of republicanism? Clearly this, to deny at home and as applying to American citizens the doctrine of equal-rights as it has been denied as applied to " inferior" races in distant islands. It was Lincoln who said: " This government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free." The same principle exactly is stated by Froude when he says: " If there is one lesson which history clearly teaches, it is this, that free nations can not govern subject proyinces. If they are unable or, unwilling  to admit their dependencies to share their own con--stitution, the constitution itself will fall to pieces from mere incompetence for its duties." The spirit of arbitrary power has posessed the people. It manifests itself not alone in the dealings of the general Government with the Philippine Islands, not alone in the usurpations, of the trusts,, nor in both of these, but in the readiness of the people themselves to disregard the very foundation principles of free government if, perchance, such principles stand in the way of carrying out the popular will. The National Reform attack upon the doctrine of equal, natural rights has been successful. The people have been educated away from the Declara-tion of Independence and into the doctrine that men are entitled only to such rights, or more prop-erly, only to such privileges, as the state sees fit to .grant them.  This is where we as a people stand to-day. Are we individually, ready' for the issue? " Ye can discern the face of the sky: but can ye not discern the signs of the times?" B. UPHOLDING THE 46  RIGHTS " OF THE CHURCH. CARDINAD RAMPOLLA, papal secretary of state, says that " the church needs in Cuba and the Philip-pines the cooperation of the American Government for the protection of its rights and liberties, as, in-deed, the American Government needs the coopera-tion of the church for the pacification of those coun-tries." And Archbishop Ireland says: " As a plain matter of fact, the only safety which the Catholic Church at the present time has in the Philippines for the possession of her properties and for the lives of her priests is the protection afforded by the American flag; and all this is fully understood and fully recog-nized in Rome." This means that the American Government is to maintain the " rights of the church," as defined-  by the church, in Cuba and the Philippines. But the true purpose of civil government is not to protect churches, but individuals, and this Government can secure the Catholic Church in the enjoyment of what she claims as her rights only by recognizing the well-known claim of that church to be superior over all other churches, and that she is divinely or-dained to rule over men in both spiritual and tem-poral affairs. These are " rights " always unhesita-tingly claimed by the church of Rome. 