THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 347 the efforts of the reformers who want "to add to the Christian system something new," What Is Rightful Authority? THE Truth Seeker quotes us as follows: " Both Christ and the apostles taught sub-mission to rightful authority ; " and then triumphantly asks, " Is not a State Legis-lature rightful authority ? " It also in-quires why we do not "submit to the Sun-day laws of the various States instead of resorting to the courts to oppose them," We scarcely think that the Truth Seeker die lcandid, in asking these questions. It certainly .knows that we did not use the term " authority " in the sense of " a body °itemising power or command," but in the sense of ," power ", itself. (See Webster's first and second definition of " authority.") ;In one ,sense a properly constituted leg-islative body is a " rightful authority," -0.0 it does not follow that all its acts are necessarily a legitimate exercise of author- ity. Legislatures not infrequently violate the, ,Constitution under which they are supposed to act; and when they do, it is the right of any citizen to appeal to the courts for that protection which the Con-stitution ,guarantees him. This is just what the: friends of THE AMERICAN SEN-TINEL do in the matter of Sunday laws. They oppose, not rightful authority, but a most: unwarranted usurpation by the State of power that belongs alone to God. They " render to Caesar the things that are Owsar's, and to God the things that are God's," and refuse to obey the State only when, like the magistrates referred to in Acts 4 :5-49, it commands that which in-Volves -the violation of the law of God. We utterly repudiate the pagan theory to which the Truth Seeker seems to be wedded, namely, that the State is supreme in ail things. The editor of the Truth Seeker does not like to ,.have us. array Thomas Paine, the great infidel, against him, nevertheless we will venture to remind him that infidels who practice what they preach, who are willing to grant to others the same liberty to obey GOd that they claim not to obey him, admit the very principle for which we contend, namely, that no human power has any right whatever to come between the individual soul and his God. On this point Paine, says :Š There is a. single idea, which, if it strikes rightly upon the mind, either in a legal er a religious sense, will prevent any man or any body of men, or any gov-ernment, from going wrong on the subject of relig-ion; which is, thatbefore any human institutions Of government were known in the world, there existed, if I may so express it, a compact between God and man, from the beginning of time; andŁ that as the relation andd condition which man in his individual person stands in toward hilh Maker cannot be changed, by any human Łlaws or human authority, that religious devotion, which is a part of this com-pact, cannot se much as be, made a subject of human laws. Does the Truth Seeker admit this prin- ciple ? If not, it stands on substantially the same ground with the National Re-formers, and the only question between them is as to the truth or falsity of the Chris-tian religion. If conscience is not a realm that human government has no right to invade, then the majority may properly dictate to the minority in matters of re-ligion as it does in matters of finance. But conscience is such a domain, and every individual has a perfect right as far as human authority is concerned to choose that religion, which suits him best. Ł C. P. B. "The Sunday-Sabbath and the World's Fair. " THE Sunday-Sabbath and the World's Fair," was the subject of a sermon preached by Rev. Mr. UtterŠone of the most popular Chicago preachersŠSunday evening, October 19. Mr. Utter begun his sermon by read-ing an extract from a former sermon, preached last March, immediately after the decision was reached in Congress locating the World's Fair in that city. This extract was read both to show his present position upon the subject of open- ing the Fair on Sunday, and that he had been first, at least among the ministers, in Chicago, to advocate this. During the discourse, he also took occa-sion to say that he believed he stood almost, if not quite, alone among the clergy in the advocacy of Sunday opening, even now. The scheme of having relig- ious services in a great temple on the Fair grounds for the accomodation of those who might like to attend, which has been recently proposed by Prof. Swing and others, was also set forth at length in this sermon of the second of March. But let the extract speak for itself :Š I would have the exhibition open on Sunday, if not all day, at least in the afternoon. And on this day it should be free, or the price of admission should be exceedingly low at least to all people with children, and certainly to all people who could show that they had worked the six preceding days. I think this might be arranged in some such way as this, have all employers of labor furnished with tickets to give freely to their employes. And I think it would be a great and good thing to have a sort of object lesson in religion con-tinually before these visitors to the Fair, and for that I hope we might arrange for a continuous series of religious services in a great temple built for the purpose on the grounds, the services to begin at about one o'clock on the Sunday, and con-tinue, it might be a service every hour, until nine o'clock in the evening. There should be a committee consisting of repre-sentative men from each country in the world, which might be called the Central Committee on Religious Services, whose duty it should be to ar-range that representative men from all countries, men speaking all languages, should preach to whomsoever would hear them on the exhibition grounds. It might be found practicable to have several halls or chapels, and to have five or six of these services, going on, each hour from one to nine as I have said, in as many different languages. And for myself, I would be glad to have every doctrine under heaven, the doctrine of every sect of religion 'I mean, preached here by the ablest repre- sentatives. To be sure some of the great religions do not do much at preaching, theirs would be the loss, and perhaps ours the gain. The Brahmins do not preach much, nor do the followers of Confucius, but I have an idea that the Buddhists could furnish some good preachers, and the Parsees would send us some men who would preach well, I am sure. Mr. Mazoomdar should come to represent the Brahmin-Somaj of India, and the Mohammedans should send somebody to represent them, and so we could have every Sunday afternoon and evening well occupied by able men who should speak to us, in many languages, the thoughts of the Old World and the New on the greatest themes that have ever occupied human thought. If this programme is too broad to be successfully carried out, if we are so sure that we are right that we must have only representatives of the Christian religion; if we are so sure that we have the truth that we are unwilling to hear what 'others think is true, why then I shall be sorry, but even if the programme must be narrowed, still let it be carried out in a measure. Let us have the Roman Catholic, the Episcopalian, and so on through all the sects of the Christian. Church, and let each have his ap-pointed time of service; and conduct the service in his own way, and preach and give reasons for the faith that is in him. No danger that the exhibits of the arts and in-dustries and products of men would take the people away from these religious services on the Exposition grounds. There is no subject lies so near to the hearts of men as this of religion, none which, when presented ably and eloquently, can so move 'the souls of men towards high resolve and stimulate high attainment, so command attention for the time and intention and work in the future, as the preaching of religion. And so I say, whatever else the exhibition is, becomes or does, let it be open on Sunday free, and let provision be made for what might be called an international exhibition of relig-ious speech, a declaration of religious faith and hope and teaching of all the world. This scheme seems to me a practical one, and I believe in my heart and soul that it is good. And if you, my friends, think so, then let us say it and work for it and accomplish it, and then we shall see, perhaps, more fully than we do now, that from a religious standpoint the International Exposition of Chicago is a great and worthy subject of con-templation by thoughtful and earnest men every-where. Mr. Utter then continued without notes, in substance, as follows :Š " In that sermon I also urged that all saloons in the city should be closed on Sunday at least, if not during the entire period of the Exposition, and that no liquors or strong drink of any kind should be sold at any time on the exhibition grounds. " My reasons for believing, when I preached the former sermon, that it would be good policy to have the Exposition open on Sunday still seem to me as forcible as ever. It is, if not the only day, yet the best day for the working people to attend the Fair. There are thousands of people in this city who work so continuously, to whom holidays come so seldom, that they really have no other time in which they could affdrd to visit the Fair. For they would on any other day have to lose the salary for that day, as well as pay the price of admission. " But it is not my intention to repeat the arguments, as all arguments, pro and con, have been so well stated in the public press. I allude to them now to say that 