456 A.ATERICAN SENTINEL. Which Power Shall We Employ? BY JOHN MCCARTHY. NOT all earth's legislative halls Can e'er regenerate one soul: Nor can the best religious laws Enact a statute to control The passions vile of fallen man: 'Tis but God's power alone that can. Learn well the lesson Jesus taught, That only He has power to draw The wandering ones, in sin's net caught, Unto Himself, no human law Can make the evil-doer good, Nought can avail but Jesus' blood. How vain we strive this end to gain By seeking legislation's aid: We from such methods should abstain Since force hath ne'er true converts made. With cords of love, the Spirit's sword, Draw erring ones to Christ our Lord. Read history's pages through and through; Doth it not cause thee constant pain To know the gibbet, stake, and screw, Were used religion to sustain? Thus covering Christ's holy name With baneful ignominy, shame. Ah yes, religion's virgin dress Has e'er been stained by martyr's blood: Shall we continue to oppress Those of a different faith, and mood? Or shall we learn in Jesus' school, To practice well the Golden Rule? Thus loving Jesus, thou shalt love Thy neighbor as thyself, alone Shalt thou use power from above Fallacious doctrines to dethrone. No force could'st thou through life employ, That would thy brother's rights destroy. All men are equal, why should thou Ł Then seek another to enchain? Dost thou claim freedom? then allow The same to others; ne'er sustain An act that would their rights curtail, Or their blest privileges assail. Do unto others, true refrain, As thou would'st have them do to thee: Follow this rule through life's campaign If thou on earth true joy would'st see. Only as we make others glad, Can we reap joy we ne'er have had. Republica Argentina. THE Armenian patriarch has sent to the Turkish Re-lief Committee a list of forty churches wholly or partially destroyed during the massacres in Anatolia, and fixing the number of orphans whose parents were killed, at 40,000. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. THE last chapter was a connecting link between the preceding one and this, in which I wish to resume the story of our work for mothers, and through them for the children. We early became convinced that the work for mothers must be fundamental to every line of effective Christian endeavor, and I may seem to be giving more time and space in these articles to this line than any other; but as I believe the methods adopted to, be the very best in securing practical results for father, mother, child, church, and society, I may be pardoned for dwel-ling upon them. Another bit of incident will illustrate the methods and the practical result. I conducted an institute at the New York State Convention in '79 I think, giving a large share of the time to preventive methods and mother's circles. When the National Convention was in New York in '80 or '81, a White Ribboner came to me saying that she had attended that institute, and had gone to her home in a New Jersey suburb of New York City to put the methods to the proof, with results of so gratifying a nature that she wished to show them to me. Accord-ingly I gladly accepted her invitation to visit her imme-diately after adjournment. I found her and her husband working together in the most unselfish manner to alle-viate human suffering and ignorance. She had begun to apply what she had learned by calling to her help all whom she could interest in the principle of organizing everything that was good against everything that was bad. The city had been districted, and the workers 'had begun visiting, going into every home; into some for the purpose of getting help; in the others for the pur-pose of taking help. The first aim was, to reach the mothers of the neg-lected class. The plan was to organize a weekly moth-er's circle to meet in their own cottages. Three ladies were required for the work of the mothers' circle. All agreed between themselves beforehand as to what each should do in the work of the afternoon. The entire af-ternoon was required. The women brought their darn-ing and patching. The three ladies upon whom the re-sponsibility rested distributed the service among them-selves in this fashion: one read aloud while the others plied the needle, from something carefully selected from the literature that had been produced by the W. C. T. U. for the purpose of meeting this very need; short, concise, scientific papers, easily comprehended by those vi ho had any special interest in the subject. The ladies would decide beforehand what points should be emphasized in the conversation which accompanied the reading. One would act as a questioner, that she might lead the timid women, who, themselves unable to lead out even in ques-tioning, would eagerly listen, and soon learn to formu- 