OCTOBER 10, 1895. C_A.N INI-IF111Loo 315 Episcopal body took stronger ground for religious in-struction in the public schools than was taken by other Protestant bodies, the other denominations were also becoming more and more anxious over the results of a common school training which has been practi-cally secularized. Recent resolutions passed by the Presbyterian As-sembly and by various other church conventions sup-port the belief that the Church of England does not stand alone with the Roman Catholics in favor of combining in the schools religious teaching with sec-ular instruction. A good deal is made of the fact that some of the Australian colonies are giving up the sec-ular system, which had been their boast. The Aus-tralians find, or think, that the schools have to some extent failed to accomplish that great part of their proper work, the laying of the foundation of a strong, virtuous and kindly character. It is complained in this country that our youth are growing up with less reverence than their fathers had. But supposing this to be true, and granting also that the boys and girls are growing up less familiar with the Scriptures than the last generation were, it per-haps is not all the fault of the schools. This is an age of many books, instead of one book, and it may be found that many grown people read the Bible less than they did when they were children. However this may be, it is much easier to declare in favor of religious teaching in schools than to devise a scheme which will provide for such teaching and yet furnish free educa-tion, and give guarantees of efficiency. The synod seems to have recognized the weakness of an abstract resolution which asked for religious in-struction and made no suggestion of ways and means. The original report and motion was amended in such a way as to recommend the establishment of parochial or church schools where these are possible. The tendency of the times is to lay alto-gether too much upon the shoulders of law and the public schools. Human law is not a panacea; neither has the public school power to cure all of the evils that arise from defect-ive education. It is important that every person should have the right religious educa-tion; but the establishment of religious in-struction in the public schools affords no guar-anty that those attending them will get it; they may be taught religious error, and the wrong kind of religious instruction is very likely to be worse than none at all. The secular public school is the only one which represents the American principle of equal and exact justice toward all parties. Let each denomination erect and maintain its own schools for religious instruction; and es-pecially, let parents see that a strong influence for morality and uprightness is exerted upon the youth in their homes, for it is the home teaching and influence that is most powerful in shaping the youthful course for usefulness and honor, or for crime and disgrace. AN EXEMPTION WHICH DOES NOT EXEMPT. THE following is from the Boston Herald, of September 30 :Š Salem street [the Jewish street of Boston], as a com-mercial mart, was absolutely dead yesterday. All the stores, except those permitted by law to be opened, such as common victuallers' places and drug stores, were closed, and the usual Sunday activity was veiled by drawn curtains and locked doors. This change was brought about by the order of Cap-tain Cain, promulgated by his officers in that district, that none of the places of business which were opened for any part of Saturday should be opened on the Lord's day. It was expected that there would be objection to the order, and there is, but it was not manifested in any aggressive form. The stores were closed for the time being, but it is the intention of the storekeepers to call the matter to the attention of the courts, and a series of caucuses, of which this subject was the principal theme, were held yesterday on Salem street, between Cross and Prince streets, by a throng of people, which almost completely blocked the ancient thor-oughfare. No definite plan of action has as yet been formu-lated, but this much can be stated: The shopkeepers, as a rule, are opposed to the order, and will fight it. Whether they will rebel as a body or select some in-dividual to make a test case remains to be decided, but the chances are in favor of this latter plan of ac-tion. In the meantime, they will probably ask that the order be not enforced until the final decision of  the court is received, so that their business may not be injured during the year or so necessary to a finding. The Jewish shopkeepers claim they have the right, under the statutes, to continue their business as in the past. The law on the case is found in the last sen-tence of Section 2, chapter 434, of the Acts of 1895, and is as follows:Š " Whoever conscientiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrains from secular business and labor on that day, shall not be liable to the penalties of this section for performing secular business and labor on the Lord's day, if he disturbs no other person." For several weeks past there have been complaints and convictions under this statute, the courts holding that the seventh day of the week, in the intention of the law, was from midnight to midnight on Sat-urday. The defense of those of the Jewish faith who are interfered with on account of this law is that their Sabbath is celebrated from sundown on Friday to sundown on Saturday, and they claim that if they do open their places of business at six o'clock on Satur-day evening they are still entitled to the privilege, both under the Constitution and the statute, to open on Sunday. They claim that the law was intended to apply to them particularly, and to give them certain privileges. They further claim that the law ought to be liberally interpreted, to cover the period of their Sabbath, instead of being applied strictly to the sev-enth civil day of the week. For all these reasons they hold that the merchant or laborer who ceases his labor at six o'clock Friday evening, and abstains from it until that same hour on Saturday evening, is entitled to the privilege of open-ing his store or resuming his labor on Sunday. This rule is followed by the strict orthodox Jews, but some are not so scrupulous, and, instead of closing at six on Friday evening, do not close until Saturday morn-ing, and then claim the privilege of opening again on Saturday evening, without waiving the right to keep open on Sunday. The police make no distinction, however. If a man opens his shop for any part of Saturday, regard-less of whether or not he had closed Friday evening, he is held to be violating the law, and will be prose-cuted. It is on this point that the fight will be based, and the legal contest promises to be an interesting one, and rich in quotations from both Testaments and other authorities as to the nature of the Sabbath and of the Lord's day. Behold in this another illustration of the inconsistency of Sunday laws. They exempt from their penalties those who observe the seventh day, because they observe that day " conscientiously." Because they conscien-tiously believe that the seventh day is the true Sabbath, and observe it as such, they are al-lowed to work on Sunday. But now it is de-termined by the authorities of one of Amer-ica's leading cities, that the conscience of the seventh-day observer must conform to the sec-ular definition of a day, viz., that it is a pe-riod of twenty-four hours, beginning and end-ing at midnight. Why allow him any freedom of conscience at all, if it is proper to coerce his conscience in this respect? Why exempt him from enforced Sunday rest because of his conscience, and again com-pel him to rest in spite of it? Why respect his conscience on one point of Sabbath ob-servance and override it on another point? Could anything be more inconsistent? Are his rights of conscience any more sacred and worthy of respect at one time than at another? Observers of the seventh day conscientiously begin and end the day at sunset. We say conscientiously, because that which directs their consciences in the matter of Sabbath ob-servance, is the Word of God, and the same authority instructs them concerning the be-ginning of the day. The Scripture says, " the evening and the morning were the first day," etc. (Gen. 1: 5), and again, we have the ex-plicit statement, "From even unto even shall ye celebrate your Sabbaths." Lev. 23 :32. It will 'be interesting to note whether this action of the Boston authorities will be made to furnish a precedent for the civil authorities elsewhere in applying the " exemption " clause of Sunday statutes. "GEORGE WASHINGTON'S ADMONITION." THE Mail and Express, of Oct. 3, attempts to make capital for the Sunday-law cause out of the public reverence for the memory of George Washington. To this end it quotes the following words of his, which it styles his " celebrated admonition to the people of the United States ":Š Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political prosperity, religion and morality are indis-pensable supports. In vain would that man claim the tribute of patriotism who should labor to subvert these great pillars of human happiness. The mere politician, equally with the pious man, ought to re-spect and cherish them. A volume could not trace all their connections with public and private felicity. It is substantially true that virtue and morality are the necessary springs of popular government. Who that is a sincere friend of free government can look with indifference upon attempts to shake the foundation of the fabric. Then it makes this astonishing comment:Š The corollary to these propositions of George Wash-ington we find in the Republican State platform of 1895: "We favor the maintenance of the Sunday law in the interests of labor and morality." That religion and morality ought to be respected and cherished by every man, of whatever position or calling, is certainly true; but it is no corollary to this proposition that Sunday laws should be made and enforced upon any person. The one is contradictory to the other; for he who cherishes the Chris-tian religion will respect the conscience of every man, and be entirely opposed to any invasion of conscience by a religious law. If every American citizen in a position of public trust both respected and practiced the princi-ples of Christianity, there would be no Sun-day law or other measure of religious leg-islation enacted in this country, or left upon the statute books of any State. The individ-ual who advocates a law to compel people to pay deference to any religious dogma, shows by that very thing that he has no regard for the teachings of Christ. Washington's real attitude with respect to religious legislation, appears from other utter- ances of his which the Mail and Express finds no occasion to mention. One of these utterances is the following :Š Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience. And as concerns the propriety of any con-nection between this Government and Chris-tianity, the view of Washington is clearly shown in the treaty made under his adminis-tration with Tripoli, in 1797, which declares that " the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion." It is no justification of this adopted Repub-lican principle, to claim that Sunday laws are not religious and do not interfere with the rights of conscience. Every Sunday law de-mands Sunday rest, and a weekly rest day being a religious institution, since it was established by God as a means of man's wor-ship of him, the weekly rest is a religious act, and as such must affect the conscience of every Sabbath observer. The Creator has sole right in the universe to the tribute of a weekly rest; and any such tribute paid to another power, as to the State, not only infringes upon that right, but by that very infringement borrows from it a re-ligious character. Quite in keeping with this misrepresenta-tion of Washington, the Mail and Express proceeds to say of the Republican Sunday resolution that, " it harmonizes not only with our whole history as a nation, but also with 