368 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 5, No. 46. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 20, 1890. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having 'ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some fritind, mnlesS plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able yule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no, fears that they will be asked to pay fOr it simply because they takedt from the post-office. "A REST day is justified," says Dr. Mc-Donald, a prominent Sunday-law advo-cate, " upon the principle that the priv-ilege of rest for each citizen depends upon the observance of one day of rest in seven, by everybody." But the assumption is false. Mr. Crafts himself says that " the Jew is left absolutely free to observe the seventh day." True enough ; and so is every one else left absolutely free to keep the first day. ACCORDING to the Morning Journal, Colonel Ingersoll says that " if we should finally invent some means of traveling by which we could go a thousand miles a day, a man could escape Sunday all his life by traveling west. He could start Monday, and stay in Monday all the time." The Colonel will have to invent some bet-ter argument than that against Sunday laws or they will, we fear, remain on the statute books of the several States. We don't wonder that Ingersoll said this, but we are surprised that any paper would think it worth printing. To escape Sun-day all his life one would have to travel about twenty-five thousand miles a day. THE standard argument used.to win the masses to Sunday closing for the Colum-bian Exposition, is " that Sunday opening is not a boon to the working people, for it means unremittent toil for thousands of them--seven day's work for six day's pay." These words are from the Union Signal, but the Observer of this city, comes nearer the truth when it says : " Sunday opening is opposed solely in the interests of the Christian Sabbath, of rest from toil, and of holy occupation." And that is just what we have said all the time, namely, that were it not for their religious regard for the day not one of the champions of so-called civil Sunday laws would lift his voice, or wield his pen, in advocacy of a day of rest for the working man. " Take the religion out and you take the rest out," says Mr.. Crafts, and it is equally true that take the religion out and you take out all the interest that the ministers and churches have in the matter. The Sunday movement is not a movement for the amelioration of labor, but for the bolster-ing up of emasculated Christianity by civil law. " ISN'T it Strange," says a Western paper, " that the laboring men, whO Are repre-sented by the Sunday-law lecturers as consuming with desire for a-  Sun.day are in mortal dread' of saying anYthing about it, lest they should lose their .places, and yet they willStrike for an adVance of -twenty-five cents a day in wages, "or even when they have no personal grievance, if a fellow-workman is discharged ? " Well, yes, it would be strange if the representa-tions of the Sunday-law, advocates were all true; but inasmuch as_they are not true the only strange thing about it is that men professing godliness will resort to duplicity to accomplish what they im-agine to be a great moral reform. The Jesuits should be awarded a monopoly of " doing evil that good may come." WE learn from the China Mail that a law forbidding Sunday labor in the harbor of Hong-Kong is among the probabilities of the near future. At a recent meeting of the Mercantile Marine Officers' Associ-ation held at Marine Hotel on Saturday evening, Captain S. Ashton, the President, addressed the members on the Sunday labor question. After alluding to " the good work done by Rev. A. G. Gold-smith, with a view to bringing about a cessation of Sunday labor in the harbor, President Ashton said that he was a firm believer in the fourth commandment, and he thought those who obeyed it would " be healthier, wealthier, and wiser in the end." As in this country, the great plea for this Sunday law is that the laboring man may have opportunity to rest, and, as here, it appears that the real motive of the prime movers is their religious re-gard for the day. Were Sunday not re-ligious the plea for a rest day for the " poor working man " would never be made. A MEMBER of the Shaker Order, at Mount Lebanon, New York, writes to us saying :Š I wish that you could see, as I do, that the God of Israel was only a created being--a tutelary deity. Well we can't see it; and furthermore it has nothing to do with the question of governmental regulation of religion and religious Observances. We are Christians and believe most sincerely that Jehovah, the God of the Jews, is a self-existent being, that he created all things by Jesus Christ, arid that the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments are his revealed will; but with Paine, the infidel, we would say to all who assume to dictate to their fel-lows in matters of religion : " Who art thou, vain dust and ashes! by whatsoever name thou art called, whether a king, a bishop, a Church, or a State, a parliament or anything else, that obtrudest thine insig-nificance between the soul of man and his Maker ? Mind thine own concerns. If he believest not as thou believest, it is a proof that thou believest not as he be- lievest, and, there Is no earthly power that can determine between you." Neverthe-less we held -that it is the duty of all men to "fear God and keep his command-ments; " " forr,God shall bring every work into judgment, with;  every secret thing, whether it be 'good, or whether it be evil." Eccl. 12 :13',--14. THE Sunday question seems to be just as perplexing in Hong-Kong as in America. The advocates  there of enforced Sunday rest get just as badly tangled in its in-tricacies as they do here, and in a very similar manner, as is witnessed by the following extracts from an article in the China Mail in advocacy of a Sunday law for the harbor of Hong-Kong :Š I do not think there is one man in the Colony who would support compulsory Sunday observance throughout the Colony. Even if it were possible to enforce such a law, it would be a curse instead'of a blessing. Thus readeth extract No. 1. Number 2 is as follows :Š It would no doubt be well if this rest could be secured by voluntary co-operation, but that I fear is impracticable. Compulsory measures always objectionable in themselvesŠhave been sanctioned at home, and will I fear have to be resorted to in Hong-Kong. , Just so! It has been so; therefore, it must be so. This is the logic of Sunday laws the world over. REFERRING to the Sunday closing of the Columbian Exposition, the Union Signal editorially says The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, act-ing in conjunction with' the Sabbath Observance Associations, has a great educational work to do along this line, and now is none too soon to begin. Educate by petitions, by mass-meetings, through the press; educate and agitate, till the Sunday-closing victory is won. Then plan and work for the best possible utilization of the Sabbath time during the Exposition; it will be the opportunity of the century for preaching Christ to those who know him not. So broadly should we plan and work that at the close of 1893 we can truthfully say, " Not one soul in the Columbian Exposition did not have salvation offered; no tried, tempted one need go away in chains to drink because a way out of temptation has not been shown him." Thus again, it appears that the real object of the Sunday-closing movement is relig-ious. It is right that the women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union should plan to do all the good they can upon the occasion of the Exposition; but they have no right to invoke the aid of the civil power in the matter of offering salvation. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 