THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 87 life. As nationality is one of the integral forms. in which humanity comes to expression in his-tory, Christianity becomes national in Chris-tianizing the nations. Even in those ages when the centralizing tendency of the Roman hier-arChy was in the ascendency, a decentralizing tendency manifested itself in the national churches of modern Europe. This was one of the factors that wrought against the Hilde-brandian theory of a consolidated theocracy that tended to crush out the autonomy of national life itself. It appeared most conspic-uously in the rise of Gallicanism in the time of Charlemagne, which reappeared in the reform-ing councils, and was not suppressed until it yielded, for a time at least, in itsŁstruggle with Ultramontanism in the late Vatican Council. But it appeared as a strong factor in the other nationalities of Europe in the general revolt against the papacy in' the sixteenth century. " This tendency fbund expression in the es-tablishment of national churches in modern Europe, in which the pendulum swung over from the one extreme of the Church asserting un-due authority over the State to the opposite extreme of the State exercising undue author-ity over the Church. In America, when a new nation came to its birth through the confedera-tion of-the colonies, history moved on without an established national Church. This separation of Church and State came about, in part, by a pre-concerted plan, but mainly, we think, by reason of actual necessity. In the minds of some, doubtless, it means that Church and State shall move forward entirely separate from each other, on parallel planes; but it has become already apparent that the two must stand in very inti-mate relationship as vital interests that have to do with one common life. The question now is, whether we cannot have a national Chris-tianity without a national Church in the strict sense of the termŠthat is, a form of organiza-tion in which Christianity shall exert its full moulding power upon the national life without the entangling alliances that accompany the union of Church and State in the Old World. " If this is to be reached, in our judgment, the organization required must conform, more or less, to our political organization; for it will be found, we think, that this law has also ruled in the history of Christianity, that in its outward adaptation to the national life it fol-lows the general features of the civil Govern-, ment, thus in a good sense becoming all things to all men. Our Government is neither a con-solidated democracy nor a consolidated mon-archy, but a federal republic. What is there to hinder the Christian churches of this nation from forming a federal union, conforming in its main features to our civil national Government? Let the churches organize a general represent-ative body, composed of delegates appointed by the different denominations, for the purpose of mutual co-operation, and the consideration of such questions as pertain to the common in-terests of Christianity in its relation to the nation. Let it be an advisory body merely, without legislative functions, to meet at stated times or as occasion calls for it. There are questions upon which a deliverance is already urgently called for. It is high time, for .in- stance, for the churches of this country to ex-press a judgment on the subject of marriage and divorce, on the observance of the Sabbath, and other matters of a similar character, which pertain to both Church and State. Other ques-tions would arise that pertain more especially to the Church itself, such as co-operation in the work of foreign missions, evangelization in our large cities, meeting the attacks of infidelity, etc., etc. "Such an organization may have to come, per-haps, through initiatory stages and steps. Such movements are setting in all around us, movements that look to a closer union of churches of kindred types, the American Con-gress of Churches, etc. But it seems to us the times are ripe for a more general movement. History is moving very rapidly in this age; and the danger is that the !other factors of our national life may advance more rapidly, and gain a better advanced vantage-ground, than Christianity. We believe a beginning could be made by a voluntary free conference of one or two leading men from each of the different religious bodies of the nation, who might suc-cessfully discuss a plan of union. There would doubtless be difficulties in the way, one of the greatest of which would be as to what bodies should be included in such a free union, but these would soon disappear. " Dangers also would be apprehended. The chief of these, perhaps, would be that such an organization, like our national Government, would tend to increasing influence and power, and become, in the end, tyrannical. But we do riot believe this danger would ever become realized. Freedom has made such progress in history that we are not much disturbed by the fear of our national Government usurping tyrannical power, and there would be even more watchful care in reference to such a central organization of the churches. If, however, such a fear should prevail, let the experiment be made of an occasional congress, conference, or council. Possibly it might be found that, like the councils in the Roman Church, which has learned wisdom by long experience, or the associations and consociationsin our earlier and later Puritan history, such occasional councils would meet the wants in the case. " At any rate there is a widespread sense of the want of some such union of our American churches as shall give utterance to a national Christianity in America, and for this reason we have here given expression to a few thoughts which, though not at all new, may aid, if but a little, in keeping the general subject before the Christian public through the widely-read col-umns of the Independent." THE doctrine which, from the very first ori-gin of religious dissensions, has been held by all bigots of all sects, when condensed into a few words, and stripped of rhetorical disguise, is simply this: I am in the right, you are in the wrong. When you are the stronger, you ought to tolerate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when I am the stronger, I shall persecute you; for it is my duty to persecute error.Šilfacatday. ACTIVE AGENTS WANTED Š.IN.Š Montana, Idaho, Utah, Arizona, Washington, Oregon, Nevada, California, and the Islands of the Pacific, :FOR. FASTŠSELLING SUBSCRIPTION BOOKS ŠSUCH ASŠ THE GREAT CONTROVERSY Between Christ and Satan During the Christian Dispensation, ILLUSTRATED BY 21 FULL-PAGE CUTS, Thoughts on Daniel and Revelation, Man's Nature and Destiny, The Mar .el of Nations, Plain Facts for Old and Young, Man, the Masterpiece, Home Hand Book, In the Heart of the Sierras, The Yo Semite Valley, the Big Tree Groves, Etc., Illustrated, Breakfast, Dinner, and Supper, Parsons' Hand Book, Sunshine at Home, AND OTHER FAST-SELLING BOOKS. Liberal Commissions Paid. Exclusive Territory Given. SEND STAMP FOR DESCRIPTIVE CIRCULARS, TERMS TO AGENTS, ETC. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING MUSE, TWELFTH' AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. PLAIN FACTS FOR OLD AND YOUNG --EMBRAOING- NATURAL HISTORY AND HYGIENE OF ORGANIC LIFE, BY J. It. KELLOGG, M. D., Member of the British and American Associations for the Advance merit of Science, Editor of "Good Health," and Author of Various Works on. health. NEW EDITION REVISED AND ENLARGED, CONTAINING OVER 600 OCTAVO PAGES. No work ever issued from the American Press has met with such a cordial reception by the people. It is kdorsed by the highest au-thority as a standard work. It is a necessity, not a luxury. Indis-pensable to those who would preserve the health and morals of their own children. BRIEF SYNOPSIS OF CONTENTS. Sex in Living FormsŠReproductionŠ,Sexual HygieneŠUnchastityŠThe Social EvilŠSolitary ViceŠEtc. A chapter for boys ŠA chapter for young menŠA chapter or old men ŠA chapter for girlsŠA chapter for young women.ŠA chapter for wives and mothersŠDiseases peculiar to women. 100 CHOICE HEALTH THOUGHTS. "Plain Facts" is sold only by subscription.ŠAgents wanted. For sample copies, territory and terms, address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING HOUSE, General Agents for the West. Oakland, Cal. PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. THIRTY-TWO PAGE BI-MONTHLY, devoted to the dissemina-A tion of true temperance principles and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is emphatically A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE, Containing what everybody wants to know, and is thoroughly prac-tical. Its range of subjects is unlimited, embracing everything that is any way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted -to farmers, mechanics, and house-keepers, who have but 1-ale leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with profit by every member. Price, 50 Cents per Year, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, devoted to the defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the Maintenance of Human Rights, Both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TERMS. Single Copy, : : : : : : 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 2s. Addressi American Sentinel, 1059 Castro St., Oakland, Cal. 