548 AMERICAN SENTINEL. century is for a political purpose, for the sake of control-ing the civil power in the interests of the church ; and in-asmuch as the logical result of the existence of such a party will be another such an unholy alliance as was formed in the fourth century; it follows that the logical result of such an alliance will be the ruin of this na-tion; and as the influence of this nation is world-wide, the ruin will be world-wide. True Christian endeavor will not bring ruin, but sal-vation; for self-examination and keeping the unity of the Spirit, will bring the peace of Jesus Christ, which is salvation. True Christian endeavor is to follow Christ, and no one will deny but that Christ was the greatest leader in religious thought that the world has ever seen. He could have formed a church party, but he did not. He could have become a political leader, but he did not. And at one time when some of the people were determined to make him such, by making him king, he departed from them and hid himself. Christ made no mistake in thought or act. And the very fact that he did not forni a church party nor become a political leader, nor even a religio-political leader, is evidence most positive that the followers of Christ should not attempt such a thing; and that such a course is not true Christian endeavor. The example that Christ set is for believers to follow. Christ "emptied himself," and became a little child, that he might save others. And the fact that he did this is positive proof that salvation is not in a church party or any of its methods. Christ was emptied of himself who was all righteousness, and he who knew no sin became . sin for us; and this is positive proof that we, who are all sin, must be emptied of self, or made righteousness in him, that we too may be instruments of salvation to others. And as Christ' in the emptying of himself became a little child, so we too must become as little children; for it is said of us: "Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall in no case enter into the king-dom of heaven." As Christ was emptied of himself that he might save others,Šnot by the control of primaries and caucuses; not by or through a church party or a political alliance not by the power of the civil arm, but by the power of his own love and goodness; "by the power of the Spirit of God,"Ševen so the Christian must be emptied of self and become as a little child, that others may be saved,Šnot by a church party, or by political methods; not by the power and authority of Caesar; but by the power of divine love, manifested in and through the be-liever. This is true Christian endeavor. And the spirit of true Christian endeavor will lead the believer, as it led the Apostle Paul, not to be critical of others, but "giving no offense in anything," "in all things" to approve himself, even "unto much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distress, in stripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in la-bors, in watchings, in fastings, by pureness, by knowl-edge, by long-suffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned, by the word of truth, by the power  of God, by the armor of righteousness on the right hand and on the left, by honor and dishonor, by evil report and good report; as deceivers and yet true; as unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed; as sorrowful, yet always re-joicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having noth-ing, and yet possessing all things." 2 Cor. 7:3-10. Let our good Christian endeavor people make a note of all this and follow, not their political leaders, but the Word of God. In so doing the blessing of heaven will follow them. Religious Liberty in the South Sea Islands. BY E. HILLIARD. IN the South Pacific Ocean, near 21° S. latitude, lies a little kingdom known as the Tongan or Friendly Island kingdom. Its present population is 20,000. The inhab-itants are of a dusky skin, and their habits and manner of living are similar to the people of the other South Sea Islands. About seventy years ago, missionaries were sent among these Tongan Islanders to convert them to Chris-tianity. As the result of a few years' labor, the entire population, nearly, accepted Christianity, and a marked change in religious customs was manifest. Idol worship and heathen superstition was exchanged for the worship of God and the principles of his Word. Everything has been gradually revolutionized until slight traces only of former times can be seen. The methods of governing the people also have been changed. As far as the writer has been able to learn, Church and State were kept separate until the yearl887. About this time, some difficulty was experienced with a certain clergyman in the Wesleyan church. He withdrew from that religious body, and became a bitter enemy to it. Soon after, he became an active politician in the af-fairs of the kingdom. He was appointed a prominent position by the aged king, and soon after he became in-stalled in his office, he, inaugurated a plan for a new church organization. Other government officials coop-erated with him in executing this plan, and by so doing flagrantly violated the governmental constitution which they had adopted. In the granting of religious liberty, this constitution says, in its Declai.ation of Rights, Article 5: "All men are free to practice their religion and to worship God as they may deem fit in accordance with the dictates of their own conscience, and to assemble in such places as they may appoint." It was adopted in 1875, in the reign of George Tubou, amended by the legislative as-sembly in 1880. and ratified by the same body in 1882. The leading ones in the adoption of this constituiton were the leaders in the open violation of the principles of religious freedom which it guaranteed to the people. Many things are labeled religious freedom, which strongly 