86 'rpm AMERICAN SENTINEL,. the Government may be, in this field it should keep its hands off. Whatever may be said in favor of enforced education of those whose education is entirely and grossly neglected, nothing can justify the public scrutiny and control of family education as contemplated by this act. We therefore submit the following:Š Resolved, That the Union League Club deems this bill in the particulars mentioned in this report a menacing invasion of the sacred rights of the family, in the matter of the education of children, and we request the. members of the Legislature so to vote as to defeat the passage of the bill. Signed by E. B. Hinsdale, chairman; Edward H. Ammidown, R. M. Gallaway, Cephas Brainerd, Clarence C. Buel, John Jay Knox, D. B. St. John Roosa. M. M. BunLorna, Secretary. Union League Club House, January 28, 1890. Amen. And let all the people of the State act promptly and also request the members of the Legislature so to vote as to defeat the bill. Ł +  The Nation has no Creed. THE argument still made, occasionally, is ; that this is a Christian country and as a Christian country, whose Christianity is founded on *the Bible, it is right and proper to read the Bible in the public schools. I deny the validity of that argument. As individuals the vast majority of us may be theologically Christian, but as a nation re are not Christian; we are noth-ing theologically. The nation has no creed. It distinctly professes that it has none. It agrees to protect all creeds. It is just as much bound to protect the Mo-hammedan as the Christian, the atheist as the Methodist. It can only protect all by insisting upon the silence of all through every department of its work. There are cases in which the majority have no right to rule. Your State or your city, because the majority happens to be Protestant and Evangelical, has, there-fore, no right to force. Bible reading into the public school, if there be one single Jew, one single atheist, one single Catholic who object§ to it. The Bible is not in, the curriculum; it is not studied as history or literature ; it is read as religious authority, and its read-ing is made a religious exercise. If the parent of one single child in all the State objects, then your Bible reading in the public school, becomes a tyranny. * Theology should be absolutely debarred. If a Catholic deems the Bible a Protestant book, if any Unitarian deems it an ortho-dox book, if any materialist deems it a superstitious book, he has the right to demand that his religious or anti-religious rights shall not be infringed upon. The Jew, who accepts the Old Testament as divine writing, but rejects the New, has a right to demand that his children shall not be compelled to listen to the reading of the New Testament as scripture. The atheist has the same right to demand that his child shall not be submitted in the public schools to a style of teaching which at home is denied. Suppose it came to pass that the great majority in this city or State were atheists or materialists; what would we call it if they forced into the public school the daily reading of a book which distinctly taught atheism and materialism ? Would not Baptists and Presbyterians cry out against the awful tyranny ? It is not in the slightest degree a ques-tion of who is right and who is wrong in this matter. Under our form of govern-ment a man has the same liberty to believe an error that he has to believe a truth. The Government dare not become censor or pronounce judgment upon any form of theological belief or disbelief. It has no right to allow the public school to become the vehicle of any religious or anti-religious doctrine. I say, therefore, that if there be one single objector, it is tyranny to keep the Bible in the public school. You say it is read without comment. It is read, and it carries its essential doctrines without the need of comment. Would you allow the Koran to be read as a religious exer-cise without comment ? The time has come when, if we are true Americans, we must not only allow re-ligious liberty to all sects, we must de-mand religious liberty for all sects. We have passed the limit of simple tolerance. We must secure to the least and poorest his equality and fraternity. The people of this nation may be over-whelmingly Protestant. Of 'course I can only rejoice, as an individual, in that fact; but the Nation is not Protestant, the State is not Protestant, the city or town is not Protestant. Every form of our Government must be absolutely non-committal, without favor or prejudice in this matter.ŠRev. Dr. Crowe, Jersey City. SENATOR BLAIR has since the present session of Congress opened, re-introduced his famous Sunday-rest bill. He haS changed the title and made other modifi-cations in the bill to disarm opposition. One of the most important is a sop thrown to the Seventh-day Adventists in a pro-viso exempting them from the operations of the bill. Notwithstanding these dis-guises and concessions the spirit of the bill remains the same. The principle is wholly radically and fundamentally wrong, and it matters little how the act is doctored and tinkered to satisfy this or that element of opposition. We hope Congress will sit squarely down on it. It matters not what pleas are urged in favor of the biljŠthat it is the interest of the laboring man to secure to him a day of rest, etc. There may be some truth in this, but the fact still remains that the real object of the bill is coercion'of those who differ from the prevailing religious observance of this nation.,-- Litchfield Minnesota, Independent. INTAerICSIV.A.X4 RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con. science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. "Not True as Stated." THE following extracts from the Con-gressional Record, of February 19, are suggestive of the methods employed in accumulating signatures to petitions for a national Sunday-rest law :Š Mr. Sherman: I present a petition of citizens of Ohio, collected by the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, praying for the passage of a National Sunday-rest law. I notice the printed indorsement on the back of the petition states that it contains 701 individual signatures. This is evi-,  dently not true; but I suppose the statement ought to be that it contains the signatures of clergymen or otherwise representing 701 individual persons. It seems to me thatLthe person who made the in-dorsement, ought not to state it in the way it is, for it is not true, as stated. Mr. Spooner: I find on my desk, doubtless in-tended to be presented to the Senate, a petition said to contain 2,000 individual signatures from Wiscon-sin, praying for the passage of a Sunday-rest law. In the envelope I find, and I present to the Senate, three printed slips with a printed form of petition, and the following indorsement:Š Indorsed by Madison Convention of Congrega-tional churches, representing churches of five counties, with membership of 1,400. Attest, JAMES M. CAMPBELL, President. Sun, Prairie, Wis., June 10, 1889. Which accounts, as I understand it, for the 1,400 individual signatures stated on the envelope. Here is another indorsed by a meeting of citizens of Milwaukee, June 9, 1889, number of petitioners, 450 ; and still a third, indorsed by a mass meeting of citizens in Milwaukee, June 9, 1889, number of petitioners, 150. When it is understood, that what was said in these individual cases, is just as applicable to millions of ostensible signa-tures, counted and presented in favor of this movement, then it can be understood how unanswerable an argument against the passage of this bill, is bound up in these same petitions. W. H. M. HERE is a petition which all_ are asked really to sign,, so that when it is presented, in-Congress it :will be ".true as stated We, the,  undersigned,. adult residents of the. United-States, twenty-one years of age'or more, hereby respectfully but earn-estly petition your honorable body not to pass any bill in regard' to the observance of the Sabbath or Lord's, Pay, or any other religious or ecelesia,stiCal institution or rite; nor to favor in any way.the adoption-of any reSolUtion: for the amendment of Łthe,  national Constitution, that would in any way give preference to the principles of any one religion above another, or that will in any way sanction legislation,  upon-  the subject of religion,' but that the total separation between religion and the, State,. assured by our national Constitution as it now is, may forever remain as our fathers established_it. C. ELDREDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 