Ł 14 AMERICAN SENTINEL. of a day of rest was in having a law, enforcing a rest-day, and said : " Shall we repeal the Sunday law at the beck and cry of howlers who hate the sabbath and the sab-bath's God? Never" ! ! In his estimation those who work for the repeal of the law are enemies of law and order. Among the methods which he suggested for combat-ing the opposers of Sunday laws, and especially those who were working for the repeal of the laws now in force, he mentioned the circulation of petitions by "the prettiest young ladies" who should secure the signatures_ of all the voters possible. He also advised 'the members of the League to con-solidate with every society, Protestant or Catholic, that is favorable to Sunday laws and that will work for them. The audience frequently applauded the speaker, and though the number present was not large, there was con-siderable enthusiasm manifested. A portion of Nehemiah 13 was read as a Scripture lesson at the beginning of the service, and it was manifest that many would like to "lay hands on" all who do not observe Sunday, even as Nehemiah threatened . to lay hands upon the merchants and sellers of fish who desecrated the Sabbath of the Lord in his day. Where Is the Difference ? W. N. Glenn, in Signs of the Times. Tummy. is Mohammedan, Spain is "Christian." Ar-menia has long been trying to throw off the Turkish yoke, and establish her independence. For this reason Armenians have suffered many atrocities at the hands of Turkish soldiers. However, leading Armenians counted on this very thing, and calculated that it would bring them sympathy and assistance from the " Christian na-tions." They have had much clamorous sympathy, and some assistance in the way of needed provisions and clothing for destitute sufferers, but they have not suc-ceeded in securing what they expectedŠassistanceto gain their political, independence. The " Christian nations " have been terribly berated by " Christian " enthusiasts because they have not taken up carnal weapons in de-fense of " Christian " Armenia's political freedom. On the other hand, Cuba, fully as much Christian as Armenia, has long been struggling for emancipation from her ' Christian" tyrant, Spain. Cruel depredations upon,  innocent non-combatants, as cruel as any perpetrated by the Turks, have been reported time and again from Cuba. Of course these- have been denied by Spain; but svoe to the foreigner, of whatever nation, who should undertake to make personal investigation, as has been done by many private individuals in Turkey. Woe to the relief committee who should undertake to carry relief to the destitute sufferers in Cuba. Foreigners, who are known to sympathize‚with the Armenians are-  safer in Constantinople than they are in Havana if even sus-pected of: sympathizing with the suffering Cubans. The latest advices from Havana state that all the  Americans in that city are designated as " pigs," by the Spaniards, and live in constant anticipation of violence, just because they are Americans, and because the Spanish people and soldiers know that the Cuban insurgents have received some aid from the United States through filibus-tering parties. The bloodthirsty disposition of many of the people, it is authoritatively stated, has to be satiated by bull-fights to keep down their indignation because the insurgents are not overcome by the Spanish forces. And it is safe to assume that all of this class of citi-zens are loyal to "the Church," and would fight for it to the death. Nor is the enjoyment of brutal scenes con-fined to either the Turks or Spaniards; the prize-fights, the football games, the horse-races, etc., are lavishly patronized in all the "Christian nations." And in all of them the more they indulge in carnal warfare, the greater is the lust for bloody scenes. And this fact ought to be considered before encouraging military organizations among the children and young people in the churches. We cannot expect that an education in the exercise of carnal weapons will, develop adepts in the use of the "sword ,of the Spirit, which is the word of God ; " for "what concord hath Christ with Belial?" The use of this world's weapons and its modes of warfare have the same deteriorating effect upon human nature in all lands, whether employed by Moslem or professed Christian_ Their employment invariably tends to quench the Spirit of Christ. to .5.- THE Illinois Supreme  Court has decided that, "The statute providing that no female shall be employed in any workshop or factory more than eight hours per day, or forty-eight hours per week, is unconstitutional, be-cause such a statute deprives persons of the privilege of contracting, which is both a privilege and a 'property right, without due.process of law, and makes an arbi-trary interference with private contracts, which cannot be justified as an exercise of the police power." That is justice. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and, therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State— either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co.. ENTERED AT THE NEW YORK POST-OFFICE. ORGAll,  OF THE International .DeligiOus Ł liberty Single. Copy,, Per Year, $1.00. " Six months, Three " .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL,  39 Bond Street, New Yol:c. 