AMERICAN SENTINEL. 307 her headŠnot that his passions were more brutal than those of any other men, but that they were less re-strained. How many of the West Indian overseers can boast of the piety and magnanimity of Theodosius? Yet, in a single moment of anger, that amiable prince destroyed more innocent people than all the ruffians in Europe stab in fifty years. . . . "There is only one way in which the West Indians will ever convince the people of England that their prac-tice is merciful, and that is by making their laws merci-ful. We cannot understand why men should fight so te-naciously for powers which they do not mean to exercise. [Italics supplied.] And such a thing is no more easily understood now. There is only one way in which imperialists can ever establish their wisdom and beneficence, and that is by adhering to the laws which are wise and beneficent. Why is it that those who "would scorn to enslave a country or a race" have only scorn for thoseinstruments which declare that no country or race should be en-slaved? Why is it that those who "cannot be accused of not loving liberty and justice and equality and the rights of men," do not love the instruments which are the expressions of liberty, justice, equality, and the rights of men? When on a world-wide "mission to 'relieve the op-pressed, to right every wrong" and "to guarantee to all men . . . the largest measure of liberty," why does it become necessary to declare that the instrument which asserts the inalienable right of every human being to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness "was ma de to suit a particular existing condition of things" and "meant simply that the colonies had become tired of the British domination?" Why then be so astonished at "the notion" that the Declaration "embodied a law of application to all inhabitants alike?" When extending "the institutions of free govern-ment" throughout the world, why does it become neces-sary to throw aside as "nursery rhymes" the instru-ments which have made the freest government that the world has ever seen? When "promoting enlightened and humane govern-ment and . . . protecting innocent people from bar-barous and inhuman treatment," why declare that "the Constitution must bend," that "we have outgrown the Constitution," that "it is not worth while to discuss it," and that its principles "are not capable of literal appli-cation?" Why is it necessary just then to "resist the crazy extension of the doctrine that government derives its just powers from the consent of the governed?" For years we have been told that the Constitution was a "godless" and "atheistical" document. Are the Declaration and the Constitution also "barbarous" and "inhuman" documents? Are they the enemies of "en-lightened and humane government" as well as of God and religion? What acts of barbarism and inhumanity do they require of public servants? Is it not possible to be humane while adhering to them? Does faithful ob_  servance of the oath to support the Constitution stamp a man as a savage and a barbarian, as utterly devoid of the instincts of humanity? What kind of beneficence-is that which demands as a pre-requisite the powers of a Nero or a Caligula? which removes the idea of security and protection, and which declares that it is everything-and that the people are nothing? If the American people value the principles which have made their country free, glorious, and prosperous, they will demand answers to these questions at the hands of the men who are talking so much of "honor,' "duty," "loyalty," "humanity," "civilization," "human progress," "liberalizing influences," and "the high sanc-tions of national and moral obligation and responsibil-ity." They will see that satisfactory answers to these questions will be home missionary work of such supreme importance, that, if necessary, all foreign missionary operations should cease until this work is attended to. They will demand that the work of establishing "stable" government abroad give way to the work of maintain-ing constitutional government at home. This is not partisan language. We have nothing to do with the policy of the government as such, and we do, not seek to dictate in regard to the campaign in the Philippines, or with anything else connected with that policy. We are simply dealing with the Christian prin-ciples of liberty which were espoused by this nation at its foundation. When we see those principles repudiated and know what that repudiation means, it is our duty, and therefore our right, as men and as Christians by every manly and Christian means, to oppose and to point out that repudiation and to make known its in-evitable consequences, in order that all who wish may cling to the principles and escape those consequences. Church and StateŠTheir Relation to Each Other. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. WHEN we oppose the union of church and state, many good intentioned people ask us what is the office of the state, and if it is not to occupy the paternal po-sition to its children or subjects? We answer, that it is not within the sphere of government to fill the "parental position" in matters relating to conscience; that while it is justified in correcting wrong-doers, guarding the rights of its citizens, and withholding the molesting hand of the turbulently-inclined; yet when it crosses the-line of demarcation which severs the civil domain from the religious; immediately it invade a territory which lies beyond the realm of its authority; and not only that, but such a government would consciously or unwit-tingly usurp the prerogative of the Creator. Now if we consent to governmental piloting of our spiritual as well as our civil barque, what security have we for the continuance of what is now denominated the- 