THE SENTINEL. Q LipERTy, 437 the viceregal party Jo the train, which left Sunday evening for Ottawa. "The circumstance," it is said, "has caused much pain among the strict 'Sabbath-loving' people of Can-ada. Rev. Dr. Milligan, pastor of St. Andrew's Pres-byterian church, took occasion to administer a rebuke from the pulpit, and in many quarters Lord Minto's action has been condemned." The Catholic Standard and Times on the Philippine Situation. Mention is made in our "News, Notes and Com-ment," of Bishop McFaul's recent utterance concern-ing the duty of Catholics to make their influence felt "whenever bigots attempt the invasion of our rights." Still more recently the Bishop has written to the editor of the Catholic Standard and Times (Philadel-phia), saying: "No Catholic political party is intended, neither are we to act as Catholics in obtaining our rights, but as American citizensŠand employ the means guaranteed to citizens. Our people are asked to imitate representative non-Catholic laymen, who go before local boards, State Legislatures and the Na-tional Congress in behalf of their rights as citizens or for the redress of grievances. * * * This is a campaign of educationŠnot only for Catholics, but for non-Catholics as well. Bigots have too long dragged our religion into politics for their own selfish ends. We propose to put a stop to this mixing up of our religion with politics, and to prevent discrimi-nation against us as American citizens simply because we are Catholics. It cannot be doubted that the griev-ances we are suffering at home and in our new pos-sessions would never have occurred, at least they would soon have been removed, if we had made known our sentiments in legitimate channels with that strength of purpose which would have made an impression up-on those in authority." As intimated elsewhere, the Catholics look at such things in a very different light from that in which most Protestants view them. For example, a few years since when the Protestant churches that had been re-ceiving governmental aid for their Indian schools, vol-untarily relinquished it, the Catholics refused to do so ; and the act passed by Congress at that time, pro-viding that after a certain date no more such appro-priations should be made, is one of the' "grievances" of which they complain. Taking Bishop McFaul's letter as a text, the Cath-olic Standard and Times says : "The present is not a time for irresolution. It is not enough that Catholics consider their position, pass resolutions and speak through the newspa-pers. They have voices and -votes. These they must use with the  earnestness of men who know what they are about and determined to carry their resolve. They are American citizens, and they have the same rights un-der the Constitution as all other classes of citizens. When they see other citizens banding together for the purpose of making an attack on Catholic institu-tions and Catholic principles and Catholic property, they would not deserve the name of American citizen-ship to stand idly by -while such an outrage on the Constitution was being contrived." It will be remembered how active certain Catholic prelates were at the conclusion of the Spanish-Amer-ican war to secure the "rights of the church." These "rights" had reference of course to the condition of affairs under the church-and-state regime in Cuba,.  Porto Rico, and the Philippines. Referring to this phase of the question, the paper we quote says : "There is confiscation in the air. Many portents point to an assault upon the property of the religious orders in the Philippines, in breach of the treaty with Spain." The Standard and Times then quotes the Brook- lyn Eagle, "one of the best informed papers," which "gives, on the authority of its Washington correspon-dent, a statement made to him by 'an Administration official high in authority,' to this effect" : "The friars are to be gotten out of the Philippines, but at this time it is impossible to say how their ex-pulsion is to be effected. Navy and army officers have reported that much of the trouble and discontent in the islands is the result of the influence of the priests. While we know that this sect has been violently op-posed to our government and that efforts were made by its members to aid and encourage the rebellion against the authority of the United States, we regard the friars as more menacing to the interests of the na-tives than to the United States. The whole subject of their future is to be decided by the Philippine Com-mission, which has full power to dispose of the mat-ter. Of course, we are being kept advised as to what is being done and the final decision will have approval of the Washington authorities. "Numerous complaints have been received by the American authorities, to the effect that grounds and buildings have been seized in the past by representa-tives of the Church in the Philippines. The titles thus involved are to be searched by officials at Manila and an attempt made to restore to the rightful owners all property that has been wrongfully confiscated. After this has been done the serious task of determining what shall be done with the friars in regard to their future occupation of the Philippines will still remain. Owing to their great number and the wealth of their possessions, it will not be practicable to do as Captain Leary did at GuamŠmerely to ship them out of the isl-and. Some scheme will be devised, however, by which the power of the friars will be greatly lessened."  Upon this the Standard and Times says : "When we bear in mind the composition of the-Philippine Commission, there can be little wonder that Catholics should feel the deepest apprehension. Meth- 