372 AMERICAN SENTINEL. hand against the martyrs who were put to death by Rome; and when the church delivered them over to the .civil authorities, with a hypocritical recommendation for mercy, it was simply the duty of the latter to see that the law was enforced ! The Rev. Mr. Taylor's statement that "Sunday rest is an institution of our Government," betrays a surpris-ing ignorance of the fundamental law upon which the Government rests. For that lawŠthe ConstitutionŠde-clares that "Congress shall make no law respecting an -establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;" and no religious institution can become an institution of the Government until this part of the Con-stitution is repealed. The Rev. Mr. Ward omitted to explain how Sunday rest is based, as he asserted, upon the law of ten com-mandments given at Mt. Sinai. That law says nothing about the first day of the week, as every candid person must admit. Why do Sunday advocates persist in citing a law which specifies the seventh day as the Sabbath, in support of the observance of the first day? But all his-tory testifies that in nothing has the human mind exhib-ited greater blindness than in its theology. Doubtless those who assembled this mass meeting for the suppression of "anarchy" were actuated by a sincere desire to better the morality of the community in which they live, and firmly believe that the enforcement of the Sunday law will contribute largely to this result. But the fallacy of this view is so apparent that a moment's careful thought should have sufficed to reveal it. Let us note, a few facts bearing on this point. 1. There is no power in human laws to make men better morally. Even the law of God cannot in itself do this. The Scriptures plainly say that it cannot. " By the law is the knowledge of sin." Rom. 3:20. The sev-enth chapter of Romans, from the tenth verse onward, is a graphic portrayal of the inability of the law of God to save or give any help at all to the sinner It wit-nesses to his righteousness if he keeps it, and to hig con-demnation if he breaks it, and that is all. It furnishes him no power to do right, or to rise from the abyss of transgression. But (Rom. 8:3, 4) "What the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God, send-ing his Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, con-demned sin in the flesh, that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit." It is the life of ChristŠChristliving in man (Gal. 2:20) that makes him better morally, and there is nothing else that can do it. Yet in their human blindness menŠand .even clergymenŠimagine that there is some power in human legislation to make men better, and much of the ,legislation which goes upon the statute books to-day is framed with that idea in view! It is the supremest folly. No act of the legislature can put Christ into one hu-man heart; and without Christ there can be no ascent from the low level of human nature. No man by taking  hold of himself can lift himself. Humanity cannot lift itself. 2. The whole subject of Sabbath observance is fully covered by the law of God, which specifies that the sev-enth day (not the first day) shall be observed as the Sabbath of the Lord. That law is binding to-day upon every individual; it stands in the authority and by the power of the God of the Universe, and there is neither oc-casion nor room for the "Sabbath" legislation which man presumes to put forth. And when menŠclergymen especiallyŠtalk about the duty of obeying the laws of the land, they should remem-ber that God's Sabbath law is binding upon every indiv-idual in the land, and that that law takes precedence of any law of the land that relates to Sabbath observance. "We ought to obey God rather than men," said the apos-tles, and that is the rule of Christian life today. -And there is no greater anarchy than that which sets at naught the law of God. 1. 41,,  -4 -4-- Mob Rule vs. Civil Government. THE town of Urbana, in the highly civilized State of Ohio, was the scene recently of one of those tragedies with which the American public have become only too fam-iliar, where the worst passions of human nature hold sway upon the throne of judgment and justice. A negro, guilty of a heinou3 crime, was under arrest in the jail, guarded by the sheriff and a company of militia. A mob gathered about the jail, and while attempting to break in and get possession of the prisoner, the militia, by order of their captain, fired upon them, and two highly-esteemed citizens were killed. The mob, reinforced, and furious for vengeance, renewed the attack; the sheriff and militia fled, and the prisoner was dragged from his cell and killed by sheer mob violence before being hung in the manner customary to lynchers. The efforts of the sheriff and mi-litia to repulse the mob were for days the theme of angry denunciation on the part of the citizens. By such occurrences the participants thoroughly dem-onstrate their utter incapacity for self-government. The sheriff and militia were there for the express purpose of guarding the jail. They had not put themselves there, but had been put there by the citizens themselvesŠby the very men who came, as an angry mob, against them. They were appointed to their office for the very purpose of making the government something else than a mobŠof dispensing justice in a different manner from that em-ployed by a mob. The citizens of Urbana attacked the government they had themselves set up, and for which they were responsible, and substituted for that govern-ment the rule of themob. And by this they demonstrated that their own self-government was a failure, or in other words, that they could not govern themselves. This occurrence, and the many similar ones which are of almost daily occurrence, speak with no uncertain voice concerning the future of American government. When a 