AMERICAN SENTINEL. 251 trable to the projectiles of ordinary rapid-firiag guns. The sea soldiers man the fighting top guns, and it may be set down as something mighty certain that in the event of a war the duels between the marines in the fight-ing tops will be sanguinary features of the sea fights. "The bluejackets who are stationed in the magazines during a sea fight are certainly no better nff than their mates, either above or below decks. Each commander in a naval battle knows precisely where his foe's magazines are located, and there is likely to be some tall aiming for magazines in the next naval war. To those who are un-familiar with the general expertness of modern great gun markmanship and the extraordinary accuracy of some of it, it might seem pure foolishness for a gunner to make an attempt to hit any especial part of an enemy's ship at a range of several miles. Those who think it this way, however, have only to be referred to the bit of marksmanship performed by one of the 13-inch gun crews of the battleship "Indiana" the other day. This crew, using service projectiles and charges in practice, put two 13-inch shots right through the same hole. This sort of marksmanship is by no means uncommon in the United States Navy, the standard of which for great gun expert-ness is as high as that of any navy in the world. It is no unusual thing for gunners of American men of war en-gaged in big gun practice to tear the canvas targets to ribbons, at the very longest effective ranges, before the practice is well begun. "This being the state of great gun marksmanship at the present time, it is reasonable to suppose that the men in the magazines in a sea fight should have no especial cause for being happy above their fellows over their sta-tions. One great gun shell plumped well over a magazine {even though the magazines be all far below the water line) is likely to cause enough trouble to induce the mag-azine men to wish they were on deck, if they have a chance -to think at all. Moreover, there is such a thing as a heavy projectile penetrating an armored ship below the water line, as was proved on the "Yalu," and if this should happen at a point of the ship where a magazine chanced to be located the men hauling ammunition and manning the hoists in the same would never know what had hap-pened to them. Then there is always a likelihood of shells exploding on deck and bits finding their way through the open magazine hatchesŠand such a thing would be dangerous enough. The magazine men, more-over, have to work in practical darkness. Magazines on modern men-of-war are of course fitted with no standing lights of any sort. In times of peace, when the gunners' mates and inspecting officers wish to examine the inte-riors of magazines, they carry portable incandescent electric lights with them, but in handling loose ammuni-tion during actual fighting even these portable electric lights would be deemed dangerous, so that the magazine men would no doubt have to grope for it and takeŁ out their nervous curiosity as to what might be happening to their ship or fleet in wondering. "The officer would have no advantage whatever over the enlisted man in the matter of greateer safety in a modern naval engagement. The sword-carrying men with the range-finders were lopped off with complete im-partiality in the "Yalu" fight. An officer in command of a gun has even a bit the worst of the chance in compari-son with the men handling the gun, for in order to get a line on the enemy he must necessarily expose himself to he enemy's scientific rapid-fire play, while the gunners  have the protection of the gun shields and barbettes. Even the commanding officer is no better as a war risk than the humblest mess attendant in a fight. His sta-tion on modern ships will generally be in his ship's con-ning tower, and, well as conning towers on ships of war of to day are protected, eminent naval authorities haven't much faith in their invulnerability. Conning towers are necessarily in exposed spotsŠalmost always away forward, beneath where the bridge ought to be, but isn't, when the ship is cleared for actionŠand gunners of the enemy are naturally expected to do what they can toward sending the commanding officer of an antagonis-ship into the next world before his time. "The man in the bunkers, viz., the humble coal passer, is likely to have a dismal, unsatisfactory time of it during the progress of a fight. He sees absolutely nothing, but what he does not see is more than atoned for by what he hears. Any man who has ever listened to the intonation of great guns during target practice from the shelter of a half empty coal bunker is likely to remember the twenty times amplified thundering that threatens to rip his ear drums in twain. Theoretically, the coal passer is sup-posed to shovel buckets full of coal and trundle them along the trolleys in the mellow light of many 16 candle incandescent lamps, and as a matter of fact all modern ships' coal bunkers are lighted. But the writer, who has crawled through the bunkers of many a modern man-of-war, American and foreign, has found that standing elec-tric bunker lamps rarely illuminate. The glass around the wires is smashed in the process of coaling ship, and, of course, the lamps do not work. Naval constructors are still trying to find some scheme to illuminate bunk-ers. The coal passer, standing his watch in the bunker of a ship in action, then, has the additional gloom of darkness to fight, unless he violates a rigid regulation by carrying an open light into his bunker. He does not know when an armor-piercing shell is going to pass di-rectly through the bunker he is working in, and alto-gether his station in a fight is not a desirable one. "Nor has the fireman or the water tender a very cheer-ful station. Both of these members of the black gang, of course, are in the boiler rooms, and they have perpetu-ally before them the possibility of a great shell ripping its way through a boiler, thus insuring them a death by scalding. The oiler is another man of the black gang who has a title to feel nervous when his ship is fighting, for he is always more or less tangled up in the machinery apparently endeavoring to see how near he can approach death without actually compassing his own, and in the event of a shot dropping through the deck and among the intertwisted masses of machinery he is liable to be torn to pieces by the same, ' racing wild,' as the engineers call it, even if he is not done for by the explosion. " 'The soft spot,' as an old gunner's mate put it, 'is about five fathom beneath her, in a diving suit.' THE Ministers' Alliance of Kansas City, Mo., has en-tered a protest against conducting funerals on Sunday, on the ground that it is a desecration of the Sabbath. THERE are no people who are more marked as having a weekly day of rest than are observers of the seventh day. Yet they never had a law to "give" them their day, or to 'protect" it, in any manner. 