THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 67 -.Such 'a state of things, cannot fail to be -TolloWed' by disastrous consequences. We care  not by whom it is brought about, the result Will be the same. We are not impugn-ing the motives of the gifted ladies who com-pose the workingforce of the Woman's Chris-.tian-Teniperance Union, nor would we be un-derstood. as being one whit behind anybody in our admiration of their efforts in behalf of true temperance. What we deprecate is the fad that they have thought to enlarge their -Sphere of usefulness to the extent of bringing about the millennium by National Reform methods. We have no notion of detailing in this place the evils that must result from any Union of Church and State; what we want to 'efriphasiZ-e. is the fact that those evils will be one the lesS because the proposed union will ollarge..mea,sure be the work of so good peo-'Pie as the ladies of the W. C. T. U. If a child-  iii its innocent play draws the live coals Om the grate and scatters them upon the ..carpet; the effect will be just the same as ;though the coals. were' scattered by a mali-ojous incendiary. So these good people may :think that "a virtual theocracy" will be the lfekt thing for this country, but that will not lessen the evil. We cherish the hope that some of them, at least, may see whither they 40 drifting, and may recover themselves. But, in- view of the position of the leader o;f the powerful organization known as the Woman's Christian Temperance ,Union, will rariyone:Who knows the evils of Church and State union, dare -say that we are sounding an 'unnecessary alarm ? E. J. W. N. -I 1 Sunday Lawa and Liberty. Du. CRAFTS asks a very important question, to which we should be very much pleased to have some Sunday-law advocate give a con-sistent answer: Here is his question 4  But how is it consistent with liberty that those whose religion requires them to rest on the seventh day are compelled to give up pub-business and public amusements on the Ł first day ? " In his answer he separates the Jews from other Sabbath-keepers, and says:--- "In the case of the Jews the case is not as difficult as many have thought. If he can-not do more business in five days in Great Britain and the United States than in six days elsewhere, he is free to remain elsewhere. If when he comes into Great Britain or the United Mates he finds by experiment that a consci-° entious Jew cannot make a living,' the world is all before him to choose where he will dwell." And so it appears that whether a man can be an inhabitant of the United States, is to depend altogether upon whether he will keep Sunday. Compel a man to stultify his con-science or leave the country; and yet the cause of all this has nothing to do with re-ligion! Rabbi Wintner, of Brooklyn, applied a 'touch-stone to this thing which:in an instant proves,' its "true inwardness." In reply to questions and proposals of Dr. Crafts, looking to the adoption, by the Jews, of Sunday in-stead of Sabbath,Š The Rabbi proposed " a Coinproinise be- tween Christians and Jews, by agreeing on `a neutral day in the middle of the week' as a sabbath for allŠshowing that he is willing to give up Saturday and take some other com-mon day, his national prejudice against the Christian first-day Sabbath being his only reason for preferring the third or fourth day to the first, a prejudice which of course the law cannot recognize." But why "of course "? If Sunday laws have relation simply to "health, education," etc., cannot these be promoted just as well on Wednesday as on Sunday? If not, why not? Cannot the laboring man rest just as well on Thursday as on Sunday? And if the rest is to have no reference at all to religion, nor to the "religious aspect of' the day." then why is not the, proposition of the rabbi eminently proper? You ask the Jew to give up the day which he observes; he only asks that you do likewise. He proposes to meet you half way; certainly nothing could be fairer, but "of course" it cannot be recognized. Oh, no, " of course " everything must be given up for Sun- day, and every man's conscientious convic-tions must be crushed out that Sunday laws may have free course to run and be glorified. And all this without any reference to the re-ligious aspect of the day? Nay, verily ! For the " opinion " of these people "is very de-cided for freedom [on Sunday] from anything that could shock a thoroughly Christian com-munity." Of other seventh-day keepers, illustrated by his citation of the Seventh-day Baptists, he says:Š " So, also, the Seventh day Baptists, being only one five-thousandth of the population, can hardly ask to have the laws changed for them." Why not, pray? Is it not just as proper for the seventh-day keepers to ask that the laws be changed in their behalf as it is for the Sunday-keepers to have those laws enacted in their behalf? Or is it true that all rights, civil and religious, human and divine, are summed up in the National Reform Sunday-law advocates? Again:Š "It would not be reasonable for the Legis-latures to compel the other ninety-nine-hun-dredths of the population who do not regard Saturday as a sacred day, to stop business for the few who do." True enough. But suppose that those who " regard Saturday as a sacred day " were the majority, then, according to the premises of Dr. Crafts, and. the Sunday-law people gener-ally, it would be reasonable for the Legislatures to compel all who did not so regard it, to stop business on Saturday. But will they admit the reasonableness of this logical conclusion from their own premises? Not for a minute. Suppose, for instance, that in the State of Ohio the Seventh-day Baptists, the Seventh-day Adventists, and the Jews were the major-ity. Then suppose that they should unite and secure the passage of a .law compelling all the people of the State to rest on the sev-enth day (Saturday), what a roar of indig-nant protest would immediately arise from united Christendom! Such exclamations as " religious bigotry !" " Destruction of relig- ious liberty !" " Violation of the rights of conscience!" etc., etc., to the end of the cata-logue, would fill the air. And justly so, say we. But if the claims of the Sunday-law ' advocates be just, where would there be any wrong, where any injustice, in such an action? If it would be wrong for Saturday-keepers, when in the majority, to pass laws compell-ing Sunday-keepers to rest on Ł Saturday, wherein then is it right for Sunday-keepers, when in the majority, to pass laws compelling Saturday-keepers to rest on Sunday ? And, too, in answer to all their protestations, they could say, Why, dear sirs, you need not make so much ado. This is no restriction of your rights; this is no invasion of your lib-erties. Your right to rest on Sunday still re-mains to you. You are at perfect liberty to refuse to work on Sunday. Our action is en-tirely " consistent with liberty." We do not by this law compel you to keep Saturday re-ligiously; this statute has "nothing to do with religion." This does not compel you to go to cturch; you are at "liberty " to stay at home. This law has nothing to do with "the religious aspects of the day," it only has- relation to your "health," to your "education," to your "home virtue," and to your " patriotism "! Now, reader, we ask you candidly, Is there in all the United States one person who regards Sunday as a sacred day, who would accept any such reasoning as that? And yet those who do so regard Sunday are the very ones who offer this reasoning (?) and expect us to accept it as, conclusive, for the reason that they are the majority, and for that reason alone. But if it be thus, as Mr. Crafts says, that "laws for protecting the worshiping day of the prevailing religion from disturbance, are then " vindicated," who does not see that laws for the protection of the institutions of the prevailing religion are vindicated in the sane way, whatever and wherever that religion may be? And then is not the Mohammedan, in his own country, fully justified in enacting laws compelling Christians to shut up their places of business, and rest on Friday, his Assembly day, and saying to them, in the words of Dr. Crafts, "If you cannot do more business in five days in Turkey or Arabia than in six elsewhere, you are free to go else-where. If you find that in Turkey or Arabia a conscientious Christian cannot make a liv-ing, the world is all before you to choose where you will dwell." Every man who has the least conception of liberty will say that that would be oppression. Yet these same Sunday-keeping Christians, who would unan-imously pronounce that oppression in Turkey, will do the same thing in America in behalf of Sunday, and call it liberty. And wherever a voice is raised against their action, it is im-mediately branded as the "brazen despotism of a loud and low minority," even though the opposition be made by a majority of the in-habitants of a whole State, as in California in 1882. And for this these free citizens of the State of California are called by this Sunday-law champion, " this oligarchy of foreign liquor sellers." Hear him:Š " In California this oligarchy of foreign 