.AMERICAN SENTINEL. 181: one must take the initiative_in reforming it. Things at-tempted by the Salvation Army have been ridiculed. In my position they will be honored and respected. I will make an opening wedge for them. " My friends say they will stand by me in this fight for the betterment of the town, and if they do I will give them a sample of the best town on earthin a few months. I will make prohibition the real thing here and put an end to vulgarities. Wichita will be the leading town of the West if I am allowed to run the city government for a few years. People like to live where there is morality ; and I am going to give it to them here. "Tapp, being the candidate of two parties, stands a good chance of defeatingthe present Mayor, Finlay Ross, who is the Republican candidate." Let us by all means have the Bible, but interpreted by the Holy SpiritŠnot by manŠand enforced in the heart by divine grace, not upon the person by the police and the courts. Pt,  Lutheran Testimony Against "National Reform." THE Lutheran Witness, a prominent organ of the Lutheran Church in this country, has in its issue of February 21 some very pertinent observations on the subject of the proposed "Christian Amendment" to the Constitution, and the National Reform movement in general, from which we quote in part, as follows:Š "The defenders of this movement quote passages from Psalms 2 and 110, then the words: 'All power is given unto me in heaven and earth,' and again: 'In the name of Jesus every knee shall bow,' together with oth-ers in which Christ is called the Lord over all, the Ruler of the Gentiles, or in which in any other manner do-minion over the world is ascribed to Him. These pass-ages treat in part of the divine majesty of Christ which was communicated to him according to his human nature, and in part, it should be noted, of his spiritual kingdom. Or did he say without a purpose: 'My king-dom is not of this world' ? Is he, then, after all, to be made the guardian of the United States? "That the endeavors of our deluded fellow citizens are utterly wrong, can plainly be seen from the fact that they desire to have the statement inserted, that the re-vealed will of God is to be acknowledged as the highest authority in civil affairs. This can only mean that the Bible is to be made the law of the land. That this is so, can be seen from the following questions and answers: `Question: If this amendment were adopted, would not the Bible thus become the acknowledged Law of the Nation? Dr. McAllister, editor of the Christian States-man, and defender of the amendment: Yes, that would be its effect. Question: Would not the Supreme Court then give its construction to the Bible as law? Dr. McA.: Yes, the Supreme Court would have to decide in that case, as it does now, what laws are in harmony with the Constitution. Question: If, then, the Supreme Court de-cides that the Bible Sabbath is Saturday and not Sunday, will not all citizens be compelled bylaw to keep Saturday instead of Sunday? Dr. McA.: In that case the seventh day would be legally recognized as the Sabbath as the  first day now is (?); and if the nation itself observed and wished to maintain the first day Sabbath, they would make the Sabbath law based on the Bible so explicitly in favor of the first day, that the Supreme Court could not rule to the contrary.' (Hearing before the -Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives, from Chris-tian Statesman, 1896, p. 20.) "Surely, this is enough to open our eyes. According-to these statements, the Supreme Court is to interpret the Bible for us. At the same time two possibilities and probabilities are indicated, which fill us with horror, The Supreme Court may reach a wrong decisionŠit de-cides that Saturday is made binding upon us by Scrip-ture. But now the.  nation quickly makes a law to in-terpret the Bible, and also interprets it wrongly by say-ing, No, Sunday is the 'Christian Sabbath."' "The Supreme Court of New York decided in1811 and 1861 that Christianity is a part of the common law. A famous case also came before the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania in 1822. A certain Updegraph had de-clared that the Bible was a fable, that it contradicted itself and contained lies. He was punished as a blas-phemer. The Supreme Court sustained this action, and said among other things: 'Christianity, general Chris-tianity, is and always has been a part of the common law of Pennsylvania; not Christianity with an estab-lished church and titles and spiritual courts, but Chris-tianity with liberty of conscience to all men.' "Fortunately the declaration of the Supreme Court of the United States is not so emphatic. In the Girard will case we read the following: 'It is said, and truly, that the Christian religion is part of the common law of Pennsylvania. . . . It is so in this qualified sense, that its divine origin and truth are admitted, and therefore it is not to be maliciously and openly reviled and blas-phemed against, to the annoyance of believers or injury of the public.' (3 Howard, p. 83.) "It is disgusting to find such a lack of clearness in high places on such a weighty matter. Where else can the fault lie than in this, that it is not known what the-Christian religion is? There are those who imagine the Christian religion to be a collection of precepts and regu-lations for the outward life, or at the highest, for charity. But this is not the nature of the Christian religien." "A United States senator, who defended the amend-ment, was once asked as to who the Christ was, that is to be recognized. He expressed great surprise that he should be asked a question on which the churches were not agreed. He thought that this need not be de-termined at all, that nothing depended on the ques-tion whether Christ is true God. If we were to ask those who would make Christianity a part of the common law, and who demand the profession of the same in our Con-stitution, we should be certain to find many who are not ashamed to speak of a Christianity without Christ the true God man. This movement may therefore be looked upon as one of the wiles of Satan to rob us of the gospel. The State cannot be governed according to Christian principles. It can only be governed according to nat-ural law and reason. This truth we must bold fast. Those who would force a Christian State upon us have a wrong conception of the doctrine of Christianity in gen- 