716 AMERICAN , SENTINEL. `one bow short,' as some one says, he therefore must put to death a nation." "0, but he didn't do it, mama. Esther risked her life to save her people, and the very gallows he had built to hang Mordecai on, was used to hang him on. The king then made void the decree he had sent over the realm, and instead of having a day of death, the Jews had a day of rejoicing." "So far we have seen God interfering in behalf of his people when they were in trouble and persecution. You remember Mordecai said to Esther that if she would not intercede for the people, that deliverance would arise from another place. There is another incident that more fully brings out the malignity that may be brought upon the just and righteous through the unjust, unrighteous laws of ignorant or mistaken monarchs. There was one of the best statesmen in this kingdom who was very highly esteemed by the king, and was made one of the presidents of the rulers of the kingdom. Do you know who it was?" "Daniel," said Charlie. "Do you remember the jealousy of the rulers, and how they plotted his destruction?" "0 yes, mama. They said, We shall find no occa-sion against this Daniel, save concerning the law of his God." "With murder in their hearts, they went in and flat-tered the king. Pretending to be a great friend of his, they persuaded him to sign a decree that no one should ask a7petition of either God or man for thirty days, save of the king. They knew that Daniel would not obey such an unjust, blasphemous law, and waited to see him break the law, so that they might cast him into the den, of lions. Daniel was careful for nothing. He knew that his God was the living God, and he would not place a man in God's stead. If all the world should ignore God's love, cease to acknowledge their dependence, defy his com-mands, he would be true. It was a time for God to work because men had made void his law. Daniel entered his chamber and prayed with his window open toward Jeru-salem. He went about his duties as faithfully as ever. He would render unto Clesar the things that were Caesar's, and unto God the things that were God's. What a grand example the Christian has in Daniel !" "But, mama, the king felt dreadfully when he saw through the schemes of these wicked men. He mourned all night that he could not save Daniel, and I believe he prayed that Daniel's God would deliver him. God did close the lions' mouths, and the next day Daniel was brought up out of the den, and the wicked men were thrown' to the hungry lions, and no one sought to save them." "How glad the king must have been to find out that Daniel's God was the God of deliverance. I think he must have been very much ashamed of his weakness in yielding to the flattery of these schemers. He could see that his legislation that struck at one of God's commadments worked disaster to his very best statesman and most  loyal citizen. And it is always so. No king or govern-ment has ever legislated in such a way as to deprive men of their right to worship God according to the dictates of their consciences but that it has resulted in disaster to their best citizens." "After Daniel's rescue Darius made a mistake in mak-ing a decree, ordering all his people to fear and tremble before the God of Daniel. That is, it was a mistake if it took the form of law. If it was simply a proclamation of his faith, it was all right; for we are bidden to be wit-nesses to the ends of the earth. But Christ'.s religion has nothing to do with compulsion. His worship must be in spirit and in truth." "But, mama, I can see just why it was that the king made the decree. He was in the habit of legislating on matters of religion, and probably didn't know any better." "And yet, Charlie, ignorance does not become a king, nor save his subjects from the consequences of bad legis- lation. We'll talk of this another time." F. B. Sentinel Clubbing List. SENTINEL and Chicago Inter Ocean  $1.50 SENTINEL and New York Tribune  1.75 SENTINEL and Cosmopolitan  1.85 SENTINEL and Iowa Homestead  1.75 SENTINEL and Rural New Yorker  1.75 SENTINEL and Signs of the Times (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Review and Herald (new subs.)  2.00 SENTINEL and Youth's Instructor (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Good Health (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Missionary Magazine  1.25 SENTINEL and Dumb Animals  1.25 Our Clubbing List. THIS is about the time when the majority of people arrange for their periodical reading-matter for the year. No intelligent man for a moment thinks of doing without the means of keeping informed on the leading issues of the day. No man can afford to do it. This is best secured through newspapers, magazines, etc. In the aggregate, the cost is quite a little sum, and no one appreciates this more than ourselves. In order to make,this burden as light as possible for our readers, we have made special arrangements with the publications named in our clubbing list, whereby, with the SENTINEL, they can be secured at considerably re-duced rates. We want this arrangement to be just and equitable to all, so, as a matter of accommodation, we will furnish any of the publications named to those whose subscrip-tions to the SENTINEL are already paid in advance at the price named in the clubbing list, less $1, the cost of the SENTINEL. We are also in a position where we can secure at the lowest agents' prices any other of the leading publications 