AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 83 Regard for the principle of the political equality of all men, which the Constitution embodies, would certainly be fatal to such a sentiment, and the two could not pos-sibly go together in any mind. It is of "no little importance" that the doctrine of the right of American white men to treat men of an infe-rior race as propertyŠa doctrine thought to have been buried by the Civil WarŠshould be seen reviving as it is today. And it is very suggestive of duty to every lover of the principles of just government. Is This Saying Worthy of any Acceptation? BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. (Concluded.) THE other great epoch in American history, to which we referred last week, was that which resulted in the aboli-tion of chattel slavery in this country. Very much was said then on the question of the government of others. No two men had more to say, or were listened to with greater interest, than Abraham Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglass. They were, for a time at least, the champions and representatives of the opposing principles. Which of these men maintained the principle announced by the attorney-general in the saying, "If we can govern our-selves, by that token we can govern others?" Lincoln declared: "When the white man governs himself that is self-government; but when he governs himself and also another man, that is more than self-governmentŠthat is despotism." Judge Douglass frequently, with bitter irony and sarcasm, paraphrased this by saying, "The white people of Nebraska are good enough to govern themselves, but they are not good enough to govern a few miserable negroes!" The implied affirmative is that if the white people of Nebraska are good enough to govern them selves, they are good enough "to govern others." Lincoln replied (and by the way Lincoln was regarded as a good Republican in those days): "Well, I doubt not that the people of Nebraska are, and will continue to be, as good as the average of people elsewhere. I do not say the contrary. What I do say is that no man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent." Here is Douglass' view of the phrase, "all men are created eqdal:" "No man can vindicate the character, motives, and conduct of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, except upon the hypothesis that they re-ferred to the white race alone, and not to the Africans, when they declared all men to have been created equal." He then proceeds, like a great many people to-day, to narrow the meaning to Anglo-Saxons; but the view here expressed is certainly narrow enough. In order that we may get the full force of these utter-ances as they apply to-day, let us, without changing  their principles or spirit a particle, revise them to date: Lincoln.ŠWhen the American governs himself, that is self-government (not the token that he is to govern other people): but when he governs himself, and also the Filipino and the Cuban, that is more than self-govern-mentŠthat is despotism (not expansion in the interests of liberty and humanity). Douglass ŠThe people of America are good enough to govern themselves, but they are not good enough to govern a few miserable Filipinos and Cubans. Or, as I have heard it expressed in specific language from the pulpit: "Aren't 70,000,000 enlightened people able to take care of a few million half-breeds?" Lincoln.ŠI doubt not that the people of America are, and will continue to be, as good as the average of people elsewhere. I do not say the contrary. What I do say is that they are not good enough to govern the Filipinos and the Cubans without their consent. Douglass.ŠNo man can vindicate the character, mo-tives, and conduct of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, when they declared all men to have been created equal, except upon the hypothesis that they re-ferred alone to themselves, their posterity, and those to whom their posterity should see fit to extend such privi-leges, and that they had no reference to such inferior peo-ples as the Filipinos and Cubans. There will be little difficulty in locating in these ut-terances the principle, and even the saying itself, an-nounced by the attorney-general. Have we reached a time when Republican statesmen find the principles of Stephen Douglass and the upholders of slavery better suited to their purposes than those of Abraham Lincoln? Evidently'that time has arrived. The opposition to the policy of expansion by two prominent men of otherwise widely differing politica views has seemed to afford a leading daily considerable amusement, and it remarks that "anti-expansion makes].  strange bed-fellows." That may be true, but there is evidently one thing that it can never equal in this re-spect: namely, the desire to rule other people because of advantageŠbecause of increase of power and of revenue. Not only does this desire make at one George III., War-ren Hastings, and American statesman of to-day; not only does it make at one Stephen A. Douglass, the up-holders of slavery, and Republican statesmen of to-day! but it makes at one and unites that great lover of liberty and champion of oppressed peoplesŠthe United StatesŠwith that government which was so recently a blot upon the civilization of the nineteenth century, the very em-bodiment of despotism and tyranny, a government fit only to be wiped off the face of the earthŠSpainŠin the suppression and subjugation of a people who have strug-gled for years that they might enjoy some freedom in their own country upon the soil where they were born and where they have spent their lives. It is to be hoped that the contemplation of these "bed-fellows" will afford no amusement. ' 