610 AMERICAN SENTINEL. earthquake, rather than the "still small voice," mani-fest the working of Providence. The doctrine which it has thus affirmed is not true. There is no question at all but that the influence of the United States over the world, as a republic based upon the true principles of government,rand exemplifying the blessings of free government before all people, is vastly greater than any influence it can exert as a martial figure brandishing its sword before the world and declar-ing that its civilization must be extended in the earth by its military prowess. Such an exhibition awakens in the onlooking world scorn and derision, hatred, and some fear, but never any feeling of increased regard for American principles of government and of desire to adopt them in other lands. The United States has, unquestionably, during this nineteenth century, exerted a great moral influence upon the world. This is a truth which by many seems now to be forgotten or overlooked. It has continually instilled into the minds of all people the aspiration for free government. It has continually dropped into the soil of their hearts the germ of freedom which had power to grow and become a giant tree, rending asunder the institutions of despotism as the clods of earth are rent by the pushing sprout. It has thus continually worked along the line by which the greatest and most complete revolutions among earth's peoples are brought about; for as all history shows, such revolutions come always from a force generating within the hearts of the people, rather than from a force pressing upon them from with-out. The United States could not indeed expect to per-suade other governments of the earthŠthe monarchies of the Old WorldŠto abdicate their power and volunta-rily step aside in favor of republics; nor was it neces-sary that its influence upon the nations should take effect in that way. But it could expect to instill the love of free government into the hearts of the people of other lands, until they themselves should rise up and set aside the institutions of monarchy and the principles that had held them in subjection to a ruler, replacing them with the principle of self-rule and the institutions that are based upon it. This is a statement justified not alone by reason but by historical events. There is in the hearts of all people a natural love of free government; a love which can be awakened and fostered, and which, nourished by a mighty influence streaming continually from the shores of the New World, would grow and in time work wonders for Old World peoples held in governmental bondage. And this would be true not only in Europe, but in the less civil-ized lands of Asia; in those very lands, indeed, where the United States is now seeking to impose its civiliza-tion by fire and sword. With the great Republic stand-ing true to the principles on which it was set up, the leaven of free government would ere long have done for  remote and semi civilized lands all that the same Re-public is essaying but will not be able to do by force of arms. Other lands do not want American civilization, and least of all do they want thatscivilization imposed on them. American civilization, as it is in the United States, is fitted only for the United States. But the spirit and principles of free government are the same in all lands; and the structure of free government must be reared upon those principles by the people themselves. The civilization of every land should be its own. Free government in one land, cannot mean the establishment there of an alien civilization. The Message Must Be Given. IT is written in the Scriptures of truth that the things which happened in old time were for examples and are written for our admonition upon whom the ends of the world are come. Then of all times in the world's history, now is the time in which the things written in the Scriptures are of importance to the world, and must be told to the world. Of all the parts of the. Scriptures, those parts which relate to the nations and kingdoms of the world are of the most particular interest in this time of our day. There is much scripture that touches individual experi-ence: this is of equal value at all times and to all people. There is also much scripture that concerns national destiny: this in the case of each particular nation, in its own particular time in the past, was all-important for that time as the message of God; and being a national example is of particular interest in instruction and warning to every'nation that follows. And when the world has come to the time of the end, then all these national examples cited in the Word of God stand with their lessons of instruction and admonition as a mani-fold message to the nations of to-day whose guilt and ruin must be the greater as they despise and reject the manifold message of the Word of God. The history and fall of Israel, of Assyria, of Baby-lon, of Medo-Persia, of Grecia, and of Rome, has all been recorded in the Bible, for our admonition upon whom the ends of the world have come, and for the admoni-tion of the nations of the earth in this time of the end. And the lessons of instruction and admonition, which are in these historical records in the Bible must be, and they will be, given definitely and distinctly to the people and the nations that are upon the earth in this time of the end. God has put into his Word messages that concern nations, as well as messages that are to individuals. It was so in Israel, it was so in the empire of Assyria, it was so in the empire of Babylon, it was so in the empire of Persia, of Greeia, and of Rome. Some of the kings of Judah; one of the kings of Assyria; Nebuchadnezzar of 