AMERICAN SENT IN El_ 661 But, indeed, what is defensive war? A celebrated moralist defines it to be, war undertaken in consequence of "an injury perpetrated, attempted or feared," which shows with sufficient clearness how little the assassin concerns the question, for fear respecting life does not enter into the calculation of "injuries." So, then, if we fear some injury to our purses, or to our "honor," we are allowed to send an army to the country that gives us fear, and to slaughter its inhabitants; and this, we are told, is defensive war. By this system of reasoning, which has been happily called "martial logic," there will be little difficulty in proving any war to be defensive. Now we say that if Christianity allows defensive war, she allows all warŠexcept indeed that of simple aggres-sion; and by the rules of this morality, the aggressor is difficult of discovery; for he whom we choose to "fear" may say that he had previous "fear" of us, and that his "fear" prompted the hostile symptoms which made us "fear" again. The truth is, that to attempt to make any distinctions upon the subject is vain. War must be wholly forbidden, or allowed without restriction to de-fense; for no definitions of lawful or unlawful war will be, or can be, attended to. If the principles of Christian-ity, in any case, or for any purpose, allow armies to meet and to slaughter one another, her principles will never conduct us to the period which prophecy has assured us they shall produce. There is no hope of an eradication of war but by an absolute and total aban-donment of it.ŠFrom "An Inquiry into the Accordancy of War with the Principles of Christianity." Sunday Golf. THE increase of Sunday golf playing is noted in reli-gious journals as a "startling evidence of the decadence of keeping Sunday on the part of professing Christians." A writer in Christian Work, who makes this statement, relates that "Parents and young people who two hours before had come home from God's house, and even from the Sacrament table, set out regularly on Sunday after-noon, by cab, wheel, or on foot, to the golf links! And this going 'only to play a quiet game of golf on Sunday afternoon' means staying to supper at the golf house, with the promiscuous company and conditions of such a gathering." That, of course, is not Sabbath-keeping, and would not be even were Sunday the true Sabbath day. Sup-posing, then, that these people were restrained by law from going to the golf links on Sunday, would anything be gained by it on the side of Sabbath observance? Would these Sunday golfers be keeping the Sabbath any better than before? If so, then Sabbath keeping is a matter of the outward conduct only. And as Christian-ity is never a matter of the outward conduct alone, it would necessarily follow that Sabbath-keeping is not a  part of Christianity. "That which proves too much proves nothing at all." It may be claimed that the example of such people is demoralizing, and this might appear to be true of those who believe that Sunday is a sacred day. But if the ex-ample of people who regard not the day is demoralizing on the golfing field, what will it be elsewhere? From a religious point of view, the example of one who disre-gards the Sabbath is bad everywhere on that day, and nowhere worse than where it causes the least shock to the beholder, because there it will be most readily imi-tated. From a Christian point of view, a person might just as well be playing golf on the Sabbath as sitting at home talking politics or discussing the yacht races or the crop prospects. And it is just as bad, from this point of view, for a person to learn to do one of these on the Sabbath as to learn to play golf. And as golf playing is in itself a healthy and inno-cent exercise, it is certainly to be commended in prefer-ence to other forms of Sabbath desecration which do nothing to promote the well-being of either body or mind. The Crucifixion of Christ in the Nineteenth Century. BY B. W. MARSH. "HOWBEIT when he the Spirit of truth is come, he will guide you into all truth; for he shall not speak of himself; but .whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak and he shall show you things to come. He shall glorify me, for he shall receive of mine, and show it unto you." John 16:13, 14. The crucifixion of our Lord, and Pentecost, are closely related to each other. In both events the power of God was manifested in a way that had never been known since the creation of man. There was as much power of God manifested at the crucifixion as at Pentecost; and they stand, the first a solemn warning to all, of the fearful results of prostitut-ing the power of God to the insane ambition of fallen man; the other a mighty testimony to all, of what will take place when man receives the Holy Ghost. It requires as much power to kill as to make alive. With all his knowledge of life Lucifer was unable to de-stroy it until he had stolen the power God had created in man to produce life. It is a law of sin, that a man will labor harder to accomplish an evil purpose than he will a righteous one; and for this reason the powers of man which were or-dained unto life, when perverted by Satan into the channel of death, become mighty factors in destroying that which they have power to let live. There is life and immortality in the privilege of letting live, says Jesus: 