72 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christian Citizenship and the Inquisition. PROBABLY all those connected with the Christian Citizenship movement, should they have occasion to refer to the matter, would severely condemn the Inquisition. But if their movement succeeds, will they not be driven to the establishment of some form of that tribunal? Nothing is more logical than that an inquisition should follow an attempt to establish the Kingdom of God on the plan that the government should be controlled by the " saints," and that the Christian Citizenship lead-ers are the ones qualified to decide who are saints. If none but saints can get office under the government, there will be great additions to the number of saints, of those who are saints "for revenue only." And since the presence of counterfeit saints would ruin the proposed kingdom, it necessarily follows that there must be a saint tester to cull out spurious saints. In the last SENTINEL, it was clearly shown that already our Christian Cit-izenship friends are sadly in need of a saint tester. It was shownthat in 1890 they deliberately selected a Kentucky congressman, of gbod standing in an in-fluential church, to start their movement, who was at the time he began work on the kingdom, what they now term "an infa-mous old libertine." They therefore confess that they selected "an infamous old libertine" as pioneer laW-maker for their kingdom, thinking of course that he was a saint. Nothing is clearer, therefore, than  sal church. . . . In those ages of faith, . . . was well nigh impossible for a Jew or infidel to ascend to prominency in any walk of life. . . This was very galling to the avaricious Jew, and numbers of them, thirsting for wealth, while secretly remaining Jews, pre-tended to profess the Catholic faith, were baptized, pushed themselves into the courts and kingly places, and even were found among the priests and prelates of the church of God. . . . In time, this consumptive germ did not fail to cause great trouble and danger and alarm in Spain. Such a state of things called for immediate ac-tion; but since there was no doubt but that very many of the Jews were honest in their conviction,, what to do was ,a very perplexing question. Hence arose a very great difficultyŠa difficulty which, as all will agi-ee,could be overcome only by an inquisition.." Since the Roman Catholic Church has been in the State-Church business all her life, she is certainly quali-fied to know better whether it breeds hypocrisy than our Christian Citizenship friends who are just setting up in THE INQUISITION IN OPERATION. that some kind of an inquisition is needed by our Christian Citizenship friends tot enable them to discern between the righteous and the wicked. This is what the original Inquisition was for. This is what the Spanish Inquisition was for, and this is what its apologists de-clare it was for, and this is the ground on which it is de-fended. The Catholic Mirror, of Aug. 29, 1896, contained an article in defense of the Spanish Inquisition, which at-tempts to justify the acts of that awful tribunal on the ground that government favor to the Catholic religion produced so many hypocrites that the Inquisition was necessary to cull them out. Here is a portion of the article :Š . "To put it briefly, in those middle ages, there was the greatest union of Church and State.. . . All the laws, then, had a tinge of Catholicity, and they were carried out in a manner savoring of the principles of the univer- business. And from the foregoing we learn that it is the sober judgment of the papal church, the result of long experience, that governmental favor shown to a particu-lar religion inevitably results in multiplying hypocritical professors of that religion, so perfectly counterfeit as to require an inquisition to discover the genuine. Any one with a mind to think and eyes to observe can see that this is true even if the long experience of the Catholic Church did not confirm it. It therefore follows that in the proportion that the Christian Citizenship movement succeeds, just in that proportion it will become the habi-tation of hypocrites, or as the prophet paints 'it, " the cage of every unclean and hateful bird." This being the inevitable result, the next question is what will the Chris-tian Citizenship managers do about it? Will theyunder-take to cull out the hypocrites? and if so, how? It is use-less for them to say that they can discern a hypocrite without some form of an inquisition ; for it was shown at 