200 AMMEEI CA,N NT' INUILe VOL. 11, No. 25. NEW YORK, JUNE 18, 1896. QM' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. No Paper Next Week. As this number of the SENTINEL completes the first half of the volume for 1896, we shall issue no paper next week. Number 26 will bear date of July 2. It will be a specially in-teresting and attractive number, containing at least three illustrations, instead of only one as is usually the case. BETTER order a few extra copies of the SENTINEL of July 2; you will want them for your friends. They will cost you only 1 cent apiece if sent to you, or you can send us five cents for each four copies and we will wrap and mail them to the addresses which you furnish. A MAN in Jersey City was fined $2 last week for selling a box of sardines on Sun-day. UNUSUALLY stirring times are just ahead of us, and everybody ought to be reading the AMERICAN SENTINEL. ...Š THE National Reformers were never so active as they are now, and every friend of liberty of conscience ought to be on the alert to counteract so far as possible the influ-ence of their work. REMEMBER that the SENTINEL of July 2 will be a specially attractive number and ought to have a wide circulation, for it will be filled with matter of interest to, everybody. As our readers are aware, one honest Chris-tian man is already undergoing imprisonment at Tiptonville, Lake County, Tenn., for fidel-ity to his conscientious convictions of duty in the matter of Sabbath observance. Four other men of like character will appear for trial July 13, and will in all probability not only be imprisoned, but compelled to work in a chain-gang. The SENTINEL is arranging not only to have full reports of these trials and of any subsequent proceedings, but to publish a number of illustrations in connec-tion therewith. IT will be remembered that some months since Ira Babcock, a Seventh-day Advent-ist, of Greensboro, North Carolina, was arrested, charged with working on Sunday; but as it was not clear that there was any statute in North Carolina forbidding private Sunday work, the charge was changed to one of " disturbing public worship," when it reached the District Court, notwithstanding  the fact that there was not a shadow of ground upon which to base such a charge. We are informed that the case has recently been dis-missed. This outcome is doubtless due to the active interest taken in this matter by the International Religious Liberty Associa-tion. When the case was first called in the District Court the latter part of last February, the authorities were not disposed to give Mr. Babcock any show whatever. But when the best attorney in the county was put in charge of the case, and it was seen that Mr. Babcock would not tamely submit to injustice, the program was changed; the case was con-tinued to the next term of court, and has now been dismissed at it ought to have been at first. Ł "A SIGNIFICANT DECISION." BY all means read the article, " A Signifi-cant Decision," on page 197. This is the most far-reaching Sunday-law decision ever ren-dered by an American court. It is just such a decision as might have been expected to follow Judge Brewer's "casual °biter dictum" of February 29, 1892, and is closely related to it in logic and effect. We shall have more to say about it in our next issue. 1- Ł PERSECUTION FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE. IT will be remembered that in April C. A. Gordon and wife, two Seventh-day Adventists, of Eagle Township, Ark., were arrested for "sabbath-breaking," and were sent to jail by a justice of the peace, notwithstanding the fact that the statutes of that State provide that observers of the seventh day shall have the right to work on Sunday. These Seventh-day Adventists were hired out with other convicts, and were required to work on the Sabbath. When the facts were brought to the attention of the governor he promptly " pardoned" them. The following letter, which appears in the Arkansas Reporter, of May 28, a local Seventh-day Adventist paper, tells the sequel:Š May 11, 1896. It has been some time since you heard from me. I have had a little trouble in securing a place to work. On being released from prison I returned home only to find my portion of land re-rented and my house-hold goods removed and the house possessed by an-other family. I had to accept this condition of things or enter a law suit, with all chances against me. I concluded to move. We are now within four miles of the city. I will try to get employment among some Seventh-day Adventist for myself and wife, for per-secution still holds up its prejudiced head. My wife was in her house doing some hand-sewing, a woman passed and told her it was against the law to do any-thing on Sunday, and that she would be arrested if she did not stop. To reserve the right( to not work on Saturday makes it difficult to secure wofk. For this cause I must work for Sabbath-keepers. CHESTER GORDON. It will be seen that while the legal right of Sabbatarian Christians to work on Sunday is recognized in Arkansas, Seventh-day Advent-ists in that State are by no means free from  persecution. If such a thing as this were to happen to some Sunday-keeper because he worked on the seventh day, what a cry of persecution would go up from the friends of Sunday everywhere! In order that Sunday-keepers may be "pro-tected," they must even have "laws" for-bidding anybody else to work; but the Sev-enth-day Adventist must suffer not only legal but petty persecution for keeping the Sabbath, and is denied even his legal rights. J. W. LEWIS, the Seventh-day Adventist, imprisoned at Tiptonville, Tenn., for obeying the fourth commandment just as it reads, writes us that at the conclusion of his trial two ministers were at the jail to see that he was " thrust into the cage, which is the inner prison." We presume if there had been stocks they would have seen to having his feet made fast in them. One of these ministers has discovered that the International Religious Liberty AssoCia-tion, which has been looking after Mr. Lewis' interests, is composed of infidels, and that In-gersoll ought to be its president! For the infor-mation of this minister, as well as others who may not be aware of the facts, we print herewith the Declaration of Principles of the International Religious Liberty Associa-tion :Š We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legis-late on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the priv-ilege, of every man to worship according to the dic-tates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every law-ful and honorable means to prevent religious legisla-tion by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the inestimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. The object of the International Religious Liberty Association is thus stated in its con-stitution :Š The object of this Association shall be to protect the rights of conscience; to maintain a total separation between religion and the civil government; and by means of the platform and the press to educate the public mind on the relations that should exist between the Cburch and the State. Article 3 of the same instrument provides thatŠ All persons approving these objects, and who will subscribe to the Declaration of Principles, may be members of this Association by the payment of one dollar, and an annual due thereafter of one dollar. Evidently the Tennessee preacher has not been as fully informed concerning the Re-ligious Liberty Association as he ought to have been before attempting to tell others about it. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 