AMERICAN SENTINEL. 679 cisions sustaining the validity of Sunday laws; and there is no question but that the Sunday-law interests will have full support at the hands of this court as now con-stituted. Possibly this is one reason for an exaggerated idea of the importance of this body in the minds of such persons as the League for Social Service represents. The Supreme Court is all right in its place; and its place is sufficiently exalted to meet the requirements of any legitimate purpose of civil government. Have you seen our offer on the last page? "Boss" Rule in the Government. TnE attempt of "boss" Croker to dictate the official conduct of a judge upon the bench of the Supreme.Court of this State, has produced no small stir in political circles, and elicited many expressions of condemnation from the various political organs. One of the most forciŁ We of these is the following from the Sun of this city:Š "The attack made in this town upon the indepen-dence of the judges is no mere local matter. Croker's judge, elected here, can be sent anywhere in the State. What is of immensely greater importance and concerns the rights of every man who is not a Tammany vassal, in every part of the State, if Croker's man is elected, the judges will thereby have notice that they must obey the boss or that they cannot be renominated, and the people will inevitably, however unjustly, be suspicious of the judges. A sinister element of compulsion will fetter or will be thought to fetter the free will and conscience of the judge. By his side Richard Croker will seem to, be sitting, demanding tribute. "Mr. Croker is now seeking to extend his power over the State; and wherever he extends it, this notion that judges are responsible to him will go with it. Under the name of Van Wyck he will rule at Albany. Under the names of Leventritt, Fitzgerald, and Andrews he will be sitting upon the bench of the Supreme Court of the State. And every judge within the limits of Croker's power will have to be a Crokerized judge or fail of renomination; and every future candidate for a judgeship within those limits will have to subscribe to Crokerism, to accept Croker as a higher law, or not to be nominated. "Justice is one, and the courts are one great system. You cannot stab the integrity of the courts in New York and not have the wound felt in St. Lawrence and every other county. The arrogance of Richard Croker assail-ing the freedom of the courts here assails the freedom of the courts in every other part of the State, and touches to the quick the security and the equality of the citizen under the law." All this is true enough; but it touches only one side of the evil of "boss" rule in the Government. Boss rule in the courts of justice is bad enough, certainly; but we cannot see that it is worse than boss rule in the legis-lature. We cannot see that it is really worse to have the law construed according to the dictation of a politi-cal boss, than to have the law enacted by the same rule. The boss can secure his ends about as readily by the one  means as by the other. Of course,sit is only natural that he should want to control the judicial branch of the State government along with the others, that nothing may be lacking to his investiture with absolute power. When the political boss dictates the men to fill the offices of public trust in the executive and legislative departments of the Government, it is no very great step in advance for bim to assume the right to control the remaining branch of the Government in the same way. The legislature and the office of the executive are fountain heads of justice as truly as are he courts of law. We hope the fight being made against boss rule over the courts in this State may be successful; but to be truly successful it must be extended to boss rule in every sphere of its pernicious work. Wherever such rule exists government of the people, by the people, and for the people, exists only in name. Church Rule Rule in the State. SOME months since there was held in Brisbane, Aus-tralia, a "Council of Churches," a report of which was printed in the Australian Christian World. A prominent speaker at this gathering made the following declara-tion:Š "The day has come when the Christian church must be the ruling power in the state. We do not want the control of all the machinery of government, as in the days of Calvin and Geneva, to be in the hands of ecclesi-astics, but we think that now the Christian spirit in the churches should be supreme in the making and the ad-ministration of the laws of the land. Church and state will be less and less antagonistic as the world becomes more penetrated by the Spirit of Christ, and the church is more devoted to the practical work of turning society to righteousness. The church will ultimately rule in all departments of life, in commerce, the applications of sciences and art, and the education of the young. The dominion will be given to the saints of the Most High. As the wicked are out-populated by the good, so will the executive of a state become dominated by Christian brains and hands. The Council of Churches is working towards this end." To be the ruling power in the state, is the aim of the church not only in Australia, but in other so-called Chris-tian lands. A prominent ecclesiastic in the United States said, shortly after Congress voted for Sunday closing of the World's Fair, "I have learned that we [the church] hold Congress in our power;" and added that hereafter the voice of the church demanding legislation in suport of her views of what was for the public good, would be heard more frequently than it had been before. The church does not want "the control of all the machinery of government, as in the days of Calvin and Geneva;" for the present, she only asks that "the Chris- tian spirit in the churches should be supreme in the mak-ing and the administration of the laws of the land." We 