THE A1\1ERICAN SENTINEL. 355 into the Federal Constitution two years later. In criticising this species of legislation Madison says " we are bOund as faithful members of a free State to remonstrate against it." In declaring the reasons why such legislation is " a dangerous abuse of power," lie says :Š We hold it for a fundamental and undeniable truth, " that religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence. " The religion; then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an unalienable right. It is unalienable, be. cause the opinions of men, depending only on the evidence contemplated in their own minds, cannot follow the dictates of other men. It is unalienable, also, because what is here a right towards men is a duty towards the Creator. It is the duty of every man to render to the Creator such homage, and such only, as he believes to be.  acceptable to him. This duty is precedent, both in order of time and in degree of obligation, to the claims of civil society. . . . We maintain, therefore, that in matters of religion no man's right is abridged by the institu-tion of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance. . . It is proper to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties. We hold this prudent jealousy to be the first duty of citizens, and one of the noblest characteristics of the late Revolution. The freemen Of America did not wait till usurped power had strengthened itself by exercise, and entangled the question in precedents. They saw all the con-sequences in the principle, and they avoided the consequences by the denying the principle. We revere this lesson too much soon to forget it. Who does not see that the same authority which can es-tablish Christianity, in exclusion of all other re-ligions, may establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects ? that the same authority which can force a citizen to contribute three pence only of his prop-erty for the support of any one establishment, may force him to conform to any other establishment in all cases whatsoever ? Because the bill violates that equality which ought to be the basis of every law, and which is more in-dispensable in proportion as the validity or expedi-ency of any law is more liable to be impeached. If " all men are by nature equally free and independ-ent," t all men are to be considered as entering into society on equal conditions; as relinquishing no more, and, therefore, retaining no less, one than another, of their natural rights. Above all, are they to be considered as retaining an "equal title to the free exercise of religion according to the dictates of conscience." t Whilst we assert for ourselves a. freedom to embrace, to profess, and to observe, the religion which we believe to be of divine origin, we cannot deny an equal freedom to them whose minds have not yet yielded to the evi-dence which has convinced us. If this freedom be abused, it is an offense against God, not against man. To God, therefore, not to man, must an account of it be rendered. . . . The bill implies either that the civil magistrate is a competent judge of religious truths, or that he may employ religion as an engine of civil policy. The first is an arrogant pretension, falsified by the contradictory opinions of rulers in all ages and throughout the world; the second an unhallowed perversion of the means of salvation. Because the establishment proposed by the bill is not requisite for the support of the Christian re-ligion, to say that it is, is a contradiction of the Christian religion itself ; for every page of it dis- * " Declaration of Rights," Article 16. t Declaration of Rights of the State of Virginia, Article I. t.Deolitratioti of iligtits of the State of Virginia, Article 16. avows a dependence on the powers of this world. It is a contradiction to fact, for it is known that this religion both existed and flourished, not only with-out the support of human laws, but in spite of every opposition from them ; and not only during the period of miraculous aid, but long after it had been left to its own evidence and the ordinary care of Providence. Nay, it is a contradiction in terms; for a religion not invented by human policy must have pre-existed and been supported before it was established by human policy. It is, moreover, to weaken in those who profess this religion a pious confidence in its innate excellence and the patronage of its author; and to foster in those who still reject it a suspicion that its friends are too conscious of its fallacies to trust it to its own merits. These are some of the reasons why every Christian in the land should oppose any bill whatever of the nature of the Blair educational amendment, or any other bill favoring Christianity or any other re-ligion. It is both a usurpation of power on the part of the Government and detri-mental to the religion it pretends to aid. Further on in the memorial Madison. said "Either, then, we must say that the will of the legislature is the only measure of their authority, and that in the plenitude of that authority they may sweep away all our fundamental rights, or that they are bound to leave this particular right un-touched and sacred." Madison saw the continual tendency of public men to endeavor to legislate, in one way or another, in favor of the Christian religion. So he, in his friendliness toward the Christianity in which he believed, always used his influence against such a pernicious movement in this country. In a letter later in his life, he said that not-withstanding the general progress made by some toward religious liberty, "there remains in others a strong bias towards the old error, that without some sort of alliance or coalition between government and religion, neither can be duly sup-ported. Such, indeed, is the tendency to suc,h a coalition, and such its corrupt-ing influence on both the prties, that the danger cannot be too carefully guarded against." Yet, notwithstanding his grand work in framing the national Constitution in accordance with these principles, we find would-be reformers to-day trying to tear down this work and amend that very same document by inserting in it provi- sions for teaching the "unsectarian prin-ciples of the Christian religion " in our public schools t The Christian people of America who venerate the names of the noble men who obtained for us our liber- ties should hesitate before they give their voices and votes to eradicate the institu-tions which were so difficult to establish. Better, far better, will it be to throw our influence on the side of pure Christianity, by not allowing the State to have anything to do with prescribing or teaching its doc- trines. Madison truly declared : " We are teaching the world the great truth that governments do better without kings than with them. The merit will be doubled by the other lesson : that religion flourishes in greater purity without, than with, the aid of Government." W. A. BLAKELY. University of Michigan. The School Question. " WHY, my friends, the free school-house was established and in full operation long before the Republican party was born. Schools will be in successful operation all over this country long after it is dead. It was utterly impossible to maintain a republican government without education, as it would be impossible for a , bird to hang in the air with all the feathers plucked from its wings. It is a part, and an essential part, of the existence of any republican government. It has got to stand in. the intelligence and virtue of the people. It cannot stand any other way. The power comes from them; they must know how to exercise it wisely and well. They must have the virtue to do what they know is right, and have the virtue to shun what they know to be wrong. The school-house is the place, and pro-visions were made for it at the very foun-dation of the Government, and made by the men that ordained and established the Government. What we oppose is the prostitution of the school-house, just as Christ opposed the prostitution of the temple. The temple at Jerusalem had been a house of prayer, dedicated to the pure worship of God, but had been de-filed by the money-changers and thieves, and when he entered it with a scourge of plaited cords, he whipped away the thieves and said it should not be a den of thieves but a house of prayer. We stand by the school-house, and in it and around it, and we are going to stand under it and support it, but we don't intend, if there is intelligence and virtue enough left in the hearts of the people, that the school-house shall be made an instrumentality for pro-scribing any class of our people. We don't intend that the school-house shall be an instrumentality for invading the sanc-tuary of the homes of the people and com-pelling one class of people to send to one school in preference to another, if they prefer that other. And if the Church and State were united, it would be impossible to preserve liberty to the people. Hence we believe in liberty; we believe in a man sending his children to whatever school he pleases. He is the guardian of that child during non-age. God has appointed him, and the mother, and we will stand guard over that right. We don't propose that a Methodist, if he wants to send his child to a Methodist school, shall be compelled to send it to a Catholic school. He has a right to have it educated in that faith if he wants to do it. We are all governed by our faith. Why should the Government be substitu-ted for the father and mother, and compel the Methodist family to send their child 