AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 637 the manifold grace of God. If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God.'" Judge.Š"If any man has received a gift of tinkering, as thou halt done, let him follow his tinkering; and so other men their trades, and the divine his calling. You may do it in your family, but not otherwise." Bunyan.Š"If it is a good thing to exhort our fam-ilies, it is a good thing to exhort others; but if you hold it a sin to meet together to seek the face of God, and ex-hort one another to follow Christ, I will sin still, for this will I do." Judge.Š"Then you confess your indictment, do you?" Bunyan.Š"This I confess: We have had many meet-ings together, and that we had the sweet, comforting presence of the Lord among us for our encouragement, I confess myself guilty, not otherwise." Judge.Š"Then you must be had back to prison, and there lie for three months, and at the end of three months, if you do not submit to the church to hear divine service, and leave your preaching, you must be banished from the realm, or stretch by the neck, I tell you plainly." Bunyan.Š"As to that matter, if I was out of prison to-day, I would preach the gospel again to-morrow, by the help of God." The Abomination of Hunting. A TRAVELER in India made the acquaintance of a heathen monk. This man, however beclouded his mind may have been in matters of religion, had a tender heart and his words may well be weighed by those who are , blessed with greater light. The young traveler often conversed with the kind-hearted monk, who was ever ready to instruct him on many points in connection with his, heathenish religion. With reference to hunting he gave his young friend sound advice. The monk was entirely opposed to the practice. Here are the words of the traveler: "As often as I went to the forest, with my gun on the shoulder, he would look at me sorrowfully. One day he said to me earnestly, 0, young man of good nature, whose parents are blessed, inasmuch as they take no pleasure in wickedness, and abhor cruelty, why do you persecute the poor animals with so much persistence? What harm have they done? Why should the earth, which Nature has given to them, be stained with their blood? How can you, unfeelingly, see these happy and beautifully plumed creatures, who fill the forest with their songs, tumble down at your feet? How can you, without emotion, be-hold their sufferings and death throes of which you are the cause? Is there any honor in this wanton destruc-tion of life? Where is your manly feeling? Are you devoid of that feeling of pity that elevates a man? Has the Almighty not imparted a sense of feeling to the animals that he has placed under dominion, as well as to you? Would the amputation of a Member not cause you intense feeling? Consider how much more must these little creatures, whose fine nerves are ever so much more sensitive, suffer through your murderous weapon. Be merciful! You rejoice when you cause the innocent turtle-dove to tumble precipitatelyfrom thetree, and it is sport  in your eyes to behold the poor bird wallowing in its blood ! And, think of it, even should the unfortunate songster escape your hands, the harmless creature will find its way into some brushwood, where it will miserably perish in agony!' "His dignified countenance full of sympathy, his pleading, the tears that coursed over his cheeks, all these touched my heart! I felt ashamed that I had been so thoughtless, and that I had not realized how unworthy and contemptible it is to kill a poor harmless animal simply for amusement. I felt convinced that I had done what was unjust, and that I had practiced cruelty and tyranny toward the weak and innocent. What! I who abhor cruelty and tyranny ! "I promised my friend eventually that I would hunt no more, and I kept my promise. From that time I once and for all gave up that inhuman amusement. It lost all its charms, and to this day I abhor it. Never since that time have I ever hurt an animal, not even the very least, far less have I killed any living thing for mere sport or pastime."ŠL. D. B., in South African Sentinel. OCTOBER 22. WE hereby give notice that the present offer of our premium Bible with the Sentinel for one year for $3 will close on above-named date. To give our friends at a distance from us an equal chance with those near by, we will honor all orders received which are accom-panied by a money order or bank draft on New York dated on or before Oct. 22, 1897. After that date the price will be as formerlyŠBible and Sentinel, 1 year, $3.50. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Preis Publishing.  Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious kiberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, Š Six months, - .50 Three " - .25 Aormes, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 lond Street, New York. 