AMERICAN SENTINEL. 389 can save. The good they are accomplishing, the Judg-ment alone can reveal. There are many whose hearts beat in union with this good work, to whom have been intrusted this world's goods, and who would gladly contribute of their means to carry it forward, did they but know where to send their contributions. To all such, and others as well, we take pleasure in calling attention to the announcement in another column of the Foreign Missionary Board of Seventh-day Adventists, located at Philadelphia, Pa. This is headquarters of an aggressive gospel work that is being carried forward in foreign fields, and with re-marlz able results. Voluntary contributions will be thank-fully received, and a cordial invitation is extended to those who desire to make such offerings to send them to the Treasurer of the Board, W. H. Edwards. We can as-sure our readers that every dollar sent there will be con-scientiously expended in this great labor of love. 1.- 414 -4 -4- THE Catholic Review closes a discussion of the West Point Catholic chapel incident with the words, "No fa-voritism for Protestantism ! No union of Church and State! No Government religion!" So shouts this spokesman of the papacy in a country where Protestants are strongly in the majority. But no such sentiments ever emanate from the hierarchy in Spain and the Catholic countries of South America. Yet the Review ought to know that a union of Church and State, in whatever country, is an indorsement of papal princi-ples and a step which must contribute to the exaltation of the papal church. 44 -4 Compulsory, Yet Free ! IN an article treating on "The First Day of the Week," by Chas. Cuthbert Hall, printed in The Congregationalist and copied in organ of the "New England Sabbath Pro-tective League," we find the following:Š "As the day has become one of universal observance in many nations as a rest day, wherein large numbers of people are released from business, it has, of course, been necessary to have the civil government make suitable laws, which we must all obey, for maintaining the orderŁ and peace of society; but every Christian should joyfully remember that this institution of the Lord's day sprang out of love, not out of law. It is not a grievous com-mandment; it is a joyous consecration. It is not com-pulsory; it is voluntary, and as such we believe it is espe-cially dear to Christ." But if we "must obey" these "suitable laws" of civil government commanding the observance of the day, of what avail is it to us that in the divine economy the observance was not made compulsory, but voluntary? If we are compelled to observe it, what becomes of the liberty which we were granted in the matterŁ by the Lord? If the Lord made Sabbath observance free, will He uphold a law making it compulsory? Must He not be against any such law? Non-Taxation of Church Property in Turkey. Ix the Washington (D. C.) Post, of June 12, Mr..  Wm. Birney, of that city, contributes the following rela-tive to the Eastern Question as affected by the exemption of church property in Turkey from taxation:Š "If all the real estate and personal property in Tur-key bore in equal proportion the burden of supporting-the government it might possibly suffice for a strictly-economical administration, but about one half of it pays no tax. The mosques, their contents, and the lands of the mosques are regarded by the Moslems, who are the most religious of the human race, as the property of Allah. To tax it would be akin to sacrilege. The mosques are, many of them, costly edifices, with large grounds. Attached to each mosque is a school building, used for instruction by the clergy. The personal property, much of it silver and gold, in the mosques is valued in millions. "Since early in the present century taxation has been so oppressive that in order to escape it many rich Mus-sulman families have ceded their landed estates to the mosques, being permitted to continue occupancy of them for a time limited in the grant and often until the ceding families become extinct in the direct line. As soon as the deeds are made to the mosques the lands and property are exempt from taxes. These lands are known in Turk-ish law as vakuts,' and they alone are said to amount now to a third of the landed area, of the Turkish empire. "As these Ł vakufs ' are created they pass out of the taxable lists and the revenue of the government is dimin-ished. The deficit must be made up by the owners of taxed lands and personalty. Christians do not as a gen-eral rule deed their lands to the mosques, but there must be some of them who escape heavy taxation in thatway. The present Sultan has more than once manifested in a timid way his desire to arrest the undue aggrandizement of the church property, particularly in Constantinople, but he met in every instance with such determined oppo-sition by the clergy that he was compelled to abandon his designs. "In addition to the claim that all church property belongs to Allah, it is urged by the clergy that they sup-port the government by teaching the people morality and obedience to law and that the more mosques there are the more solid are the foundations of civil govern-ment. Meanwhile the creation of vakufs' is going on with accelerated rapidity and the taxable lists are becom-ing too small to yield a sufficient revenue. "From the above statement it is clear that two meas-ures are imperatively demanded to usher in an era of prosperity for Turkey: First, a judicious revenue tariff act imposing duties on foreign imports, and second, a law abolishing the exemption of mosque property from taxation, confiscating to the use of the State all mosque property, real and personal, except so much as the gov-ernment may deem absolutely necessary for worship, and prohibiting all conveyances, by gift, will, or deed, by pri-vate owners of their landed estates to mosques. "Who can put these measures into operation? The Sultan cannot. Can the powers do it? "They might consent to a revenue tariff act, but they will not. The imports into Turkey from Great Britain, Austria, France, Russia, and Italy, amount in round numbers to $80,000,000. . . . 