AMERICAN SENTINEL. 437 efforts were of an experimental nature. None of us had any really definite idea as to what we should teach, or how to teach it. We only knew -it was necessary to learn from some source how to do our work; and with a profound sense of our dependence upon God, we came to-gether for our first session. Among the number present and interested was Mrs. Jennie F. Willing, not at that time especially active in the W. C. T. U., beCause her time was fully occupied as wife of a city pastor, but she had been one of that company at Chautauqua who took the initial steps toward the organization of the National, and being interested in everything pertaining to W. C. T. U. work, she became one of the most faithful and earn-est attendants and helpers in this first training school, and is at present in her widowhood superintendent of the last and best result of this growing idea, which is to be found in the Home and School for W. C. T. U. evangelists and missionaries located in "Hell's Half Acre," New York City:  The advantages to accrue from trained workers be-came at once so apparent, that the Training School was adopted and made a department of the National at the next convention, with the writer as superintendent. I could not, however, possibly accept this addition to my responsibilities, since I already had the superintendency of the Evangelistic Department, and my work as evan-gelist also. This was not an easy department to fill, but after a while Mary Allen West, of most blessed mem-ory, a practical teacher, and for many years superintend-ent of public schools in Galesburg, Ili., was induced to take the work of organizing in this'important line, and the "School of Methods" grew up under her forming hand into a power that was felt far and wide. She gave to this effort her most earnest service, and accomplished for the untaught and untrained in our ranks what can never be adequately appreciated. Her work was of the same character as that which is to be found in the silent forces of atmosphere, gravity, sunshine, cause and effect: things which are so necessary, so unconsciously appro-priated, that sometimes we even forget to say thank you for them. Mary Allen West was a woman whom we could not afford to lose, but in the midst of her most arduous labors she died after a short illness in Japan. , The Evangelistic Institute was one of the develop-ments of the new department, and was my own special field. In prosecuting the work of this institute, my plan was to occupy the early morning hour at conventions with an Institute drill, taking up each department, and teaching the gospel principles as related to it, and the methods required for its successful operation. Local unions would also call for an institute, sometimes two or three combining for a week's study. Sessions of two hours each would be held during the morning and after-noon, with a public lecture in the evening. The women were enrolled, and came to the work like pupils in school.  We would study together everything that was involved in the departments grouped under the six different heads which I have already given. These institutes were al- ways occasions of great spiritual growth and power-They were not confined to members of the Union. Min-isters, teachers, members of churches, and all who were interested in philanthropic work would come and study methods with us. Many times beginning in a small room in some church, we would be obliged after two or three sessions to take our school into the Auditorium, and it not infrequently developed into a regular revival in which souls would be converted, and workers brought out into-a rich experience, in both truths and methods, such as they had not known before, by which men and women were rescued from vice. From " Gospel " to " Patriotism." BY L. W. FELTER. JESUS said, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature;" but one might be led to believe at the present time, judging from the popular oratorical efforts called sermons, that the great com-mission had been revised to read as follows: "Go ye into all the world, and preach patriotism to every creature." "God fOrbid," exclaimed the apostle, "that I should glory, save in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ ; " but the cross has been placed in the background, and the flag is the supreme object of adoration. The truthfulness of the above was witnessed in Kan-sas City, Mo., Sunday, July 3, when the different minis-ters seemed to vie with each other in the effort to work their audiences up to the highest pitch of patriotic ex-citement. One said, " God has placed his choicest vine, the Anglo-Saxon race, in this most fruitful of all hillsŠAmerica. The race is the foremost in the world, and if but combined can dictate and enforce universal peace in the present and future." But peace which has to be enforced is not the peace of the gospel. That is the "peace of God which passeth all understanding," which is in the heart and life, and keeps everyone who possesses it at peace with all man-kind. But the peace which has to be enforced is like a caged tiger, ready to tear and destroy the moment the restraint is removed. Surely ministers of the gospel should preach the peace of the cross and not of the sword. Another statement was, " The other stones that he has removed are slavery, bigotry, and religious persecu-tionŠall gone, forever gone." That was a pretty bold statement to make in the face of the fact that within the last few years there have been something like one hun-dred and fifty cases of religious persecution under the shadow of the much-lauded emblem of libertyŠthe stars and stripes. Does this minister not know that as high as eight men at one time have been worked in the chain-gang as common criminals just because their religious ideas and practices happened to differ from those of their persecutors? 