74 THE AlVIERTCA_N Sf!,,NTINEE. That' flepresentative Decision. WHAT ARE THE RIGHTS OF CONSCIENCE ?, T,ii decision of Judge Bennett; as no-ticed last week, waS that the reading of the Do_uay-version of the Bible, according to Roman Catholic views, in the public schools, wOuld be.'" sectarian instruction" within the Meaning of the Constitution, and would be to inflict a wrong upon those' who are. not Roman Ce,tholics. We say again, :that if the reading of the DouaY version, according to the Roman Catholic forms, in the public schools, would be sec-tarian instruction, then it is as certainly true that the reading of the King James version, according to Protestant forms, is also sectarian instruction. It is a distinctively Protestant doctrine that the Bible, without note or comment, is the word of God. It is a distinctively Roinan Catholic doctrine that the Bible as explained by the Church is the word of God. The latter is no more distinctively Catholic, doctrine than the former is dis-tinctively Protestant. The Roman Cath-olic doctrine on this point is not one iota more sectarian than is the Protestant doc-trine. As is well known the Protestant position is defined in the motto, "The Bible, and the Bible only, is the religion of Protestants." This is virtually con-fesSed by Judge Bennett when' he says:Š It is a matter of history that from the time the King James, version of the Bible was printed and published it has always been read by all Protestant denominations without hindrance, and that it has been used as a reading-book in the schools of Eng-land as well as in the common schools of this country. Certainly it has been read by all Protest-ant denominations, and that , because they are Protestant. Certainly it has been read in the schools of England, because Eng-land is distinctively a Protestant country; Protestantism is there established by law; none but a Protestant sovereign can ever sit upon the throne; the schools of Eng-land 'are Protestant schools; and the King James version is read in those schools be-cause they are Protestant and because it is intended to keep them Protestant by incul-cating Protestant doctrine. And when Judge Bennett presents this reason for sanctioning the reading of the King James'  version in the public schools' of Wisconsin or any other State, he thereby argues that those are ProteStant schools, and that it is proper to endeavor to keep them so by 1?rotestant influence and the inculcation of Protestant doctrine; and this, too, at the expense of the Roman Catholics, by Compelling them to pay taxes for the same. And that is sectarian as certainly as the like would be sectarian if done by Roman Catholics. The School Board in their answer fur-ther, :Upon information and belief, deny that ,the Ro-Man Catholic Church is the only infallible teacher or intorproter of the Bible; but, on the contrary,  aver upon information and belief, that every person has:the right to read and interpret:it for himself. This raises an issue that U. doubly:false;: (1) The plaintiffs did not attempt to assert, as this :answer assumed, thatAhey wished. to oblige the.School 'Board or' anybody else to receive or to acknowledge the Roman, Catholic Church- as the .only infallible teacher and interpreter of the Bible. They_ only asserted that this was their consCien-tious,belief, and asserted' thCir right not to be compelled 'to :receive inStrtiction in the Bible from any other source; and that when they were so compelled their rights of conscience were invaded. (2) It avers that every person has the right to read and interpret the Bible for himself, when the whole issue at bar was whether a per-son has the right to read' it for another, and to another, against his will; and whether a set of persons can compel others to hear it read. Although upon both these points a false issue was raised in the answer, it yet re-mains that on -both points the Catholics were right. Has not any man an inalien-able rightŠcivil, constitutional rightŠto_ believe that the Roman Catholic is the only infallible teacher or interpreter of the Bible ? Has not any man an inalienable right to believe that when the Bible is read or interpreted by another, there is danger that those who hear will receive erroneous impressions, and that such im-pressions will be dangerous to their spirit-ual welfare ? Has not any person an in-alienable right to believe these things ? Is it not true that these things have a proper place in the realm of conscience ? Is it not true, then, that these things may be con-scientiously believed? Is it not a fact that the Roman Catholics 'do conscientiously believe thus ? On the other hand, it is not necessary to ask whether every person has not the right to read and interpret the Bible for himself, because the school board "aver" this. Very well, then. Does not the right of every man to'. read and interpret Łit for himself carry with it also the equal right not to read or interpret it at' all ? And does not the right not to read or interpret it like-wise carry with it' the right not to be com-pelled to hear it read ? When, therefore, the Roman Catholics were compelled to hear the Bible read in the public school buildings of the city of Edgerton, Wiscon-sin, was not that a 'directŁ interference with the rights of conscience ? It is impossible for us to conceive how any fair-minded person can answer any of these ' questions in any other way than in the affirmative. Therefore, when the Con-stitution of Wisconsin declares "nor shall any control of, or interference with, the rights of conscience be permitted," and the Remah Catholics appealed for protection in this their constitutional as well as in-alienable right, ought not their appeal to have been heard ? Yet instead of their appeal being heard, they were twitted  from . the judicial bent h,j.  with seeking to "control the .conscientious ac- Ł tions.' of others'," and " creating: Cord." The Court held that. WaAc not :in anf way any interference with: the, rights of conscience, and justified itself in :the following form : The Constitution.  of ŁWis:-consin -says; ".The right of every man to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of his.own conscience shall never be infringed," and the Court said:Š But what are those rights [the rights of con-science] Simply a right to worship the Supreme Being according to the dictates of the heart. Can it be justly said in this case that the children of the plaintiffs or the plaintiffs themselves, are in any way prohibited from worshiping God according to the dictates of their own conscience? Does the simple reading of the King James version of the Bible interfere with or take away this great right of the plaintiffs or their children? That is to say that, although the Roman Catholics are compelled to hear read the Protestant Bible according to Protestant form in the public school-house, they are not prohibited from reading it, or hearing it read, according to Roman Catholic forms, wherever else they may choose: that although they are compelled, in the public school, to conform to the dictates of the Protestant conscience, and to pay for it at the same time, they are not pro-hibited from worshiping God according to the dictates of their own conscience wher-ever else they please. In other words, al-though every Roman Catholic has the "great right," the constitutional right, "to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of his own conscience," he must at the same time conform to the dic-tates of the Protestant conscience when required to do so. Such are the rights of conscience in Wisconsin. A. T. J. (Concluded next week.) Nothing but a Hoax. THE eight-hour movement is just ROW attracting considerable attention; but here is a bit of attention that it does not yet seem to have attracted: One of the great objects proposed to be accomplished by 'it is to furnish employment to those who now have no work. That is to say, there is such a vast number of men unem-ployed that the workday must be short-ened, thus making it necessary to employ more men to do the work that there is to do, and so secure work for the army Of the now 'unemployed. But here are the American Sabbath Union, and the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union carrying on a campaign to secure laws "to prevent peo-ple from being forced to labor." If now there is such an immense number of peo-ple who have no work; and if it is neces-sary to make such an effort as is the eight-hour movement to give them work; then how can it be that so many are being forced to labor as to make it necessary to 