322 .4.10=111,ICAN VoL. 0, No. 41. that "the infallibility of the pope" springs altogether from the law that, out of noth-ing something comes! There is another statement in the fore-going quotation from Cardinal Gibbons that is worth noticing in this connection: It is that in which he makes Jesus say to Peter, "Thou, 0 Peter, shalt be the foun,  dation of this church. It shall never falls  because thott shalt never be shaken." In noticing the words of Christ to Peter that he had prayed for him, that when he should be sifted as wheat, his faith fail not, the cardinal further says: There-fore the faith of Peter will always be firm " (page 152); that, consequently, the faith of Peter's " successors ' would al-ways be firm, and therefore these "suc-cessors " would always be infallible in the faith. This argument, like all their other ones in favor of the infallibility of the pope, is utterly groundless, from the divinely re-corded fact that Peter was shaken and that his faith did fail more than once. For it was after these words were spoken by the Lord that Peter denied him three times and declared that he did not know him. It will not do to say that this was not a point "regarding faith or morals," and that therefore infallibility was not involved. It was entirely a question of faith and morals. It was a question of faith, for the know-ing of the Lord Jesus is nothing else than a matter of faith; and to deny him is nothing else than to deny the faith by which alone he is known. It was a question of morals, too, be-cause to make his denial as emphatic as possible, Peter then and there " began to curse and to swear, saying, I know not this man of whom ye speak." Mark 14: 71. And it is certain that to curse and to swear involves a question of morals. Therefore it is certain, by the divine record, that Peter did fail and did decide wrongly on a question of faith and morals. And this divinely recorded fact annihi-lates the claim of the infallibility of the pope, as derived in succession from Peter, when he speaks ex cathedra, that is, `from the chair' of St. Peter," or from anywhere else, " regarding a question of faith or morals," or anything else. If this, fact and the logic of it would be dodged by the plea that this all occurred before the day of Pentecost, and therefore before Peter was endowed with the Holy Ghost; this plea will fail also because of the divinely recorded fact that after Pen-tecost Peter failed again, and this, too, upon the very pivotal point of the faith. Here is the word of the Lord as to that :Š But when Peter was come to .Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed. For, before that certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were corns, he withdrew, and separated himself, fearing them that were of the circumcision. And the other Jews dissembled like-wise with him ; insomuch that Barnabas also was car-ried away with their dissimulation. But when I saw that they walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If thou, being a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, why compellest thou the Gen-tiles to live as do the Jews ? We who are Jews by nature and not sinners of the Gentiles, knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, but by the faith of Jesus Christ: even we have believed in Jesus Christ, that we might be justified by the faith of Christ, and not by the works of the law, for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified. Gal. 2: 11-16. Here is the divine record that Peter " was to be blamed " in this matter, and this "because he walked not uprightly according to the truth of the gospel."  And the particular point of the truth of the gospel that was involved in this trans-action of Peter's, was the all-important question of how dre men to be justified? Is it by faith ? or is it by works ? Is it by the faith of Christ ? or is it by -works of the law ? Is it by faith without works Ša faith which works ? or is it by "faith and works," with all the trust in the works ? Is it by Christ alone ? or is it by Christ and something else ? This was the question that was involved in the course of Peter there. It was nothing less than the supreme question of faith and morals. And on this supreme question of faith and morals Peter there decided wrongly. He decided this great question not according to the truth of the gospel. This is the truth by the word of God, and it there-fore annihilates all the claim of the in-fallibility 'of the pope as derived from "blessed Peter" when he speaks "from the chair of St. Peter" or from anywhere else, "regarding a question of faith or morals " or anything else. Cardinal Gibbons seems to see the danger to "the infallibility of the pope" from this fact, and he therefore says of it thatŠ St. Paul criticised his [Peter's] conduct on a point not affecting doctrine, but discipline.ŠId., p. 128. But this will never do, even for him; because this question that was then up between Paul and those Jews who pro-fessed the faith, and who constantly fol-lowed up Paul and opposed the gospel, and by whom Peter, and even Barnabas, was carried away from the truth of the gospelŠthat question we say that was then up between Paul and those Jews was the very question that was up between the Reformers and the papacy in the Ref-ormation. And the Council of Trent, which was called especially to consider the questions raised by the Reformation, treated this question altogether as a ques-tion of doctrine, and not of discipline at all. So, for the cardinal to say that Paul criticised Peter's conduct "on a point not affecting doctrine," while it was the very point that the Council of Trent treated as altogether affecting doctrineŠthis will not do even for him : this fact destroys his argument and annihilates even this plea by which he would save " infallibility " to Peter and to the pope " in blessed Peter." So, then, the conclusion of the whole matter is simply this: As the claim of " the infallibility of the pope" is solely that it is "promised to him in blessed Peter," it follows plainly enough that if it was not in Peter, then even, according to their own dogma, the pope does not have it, and no bishop of Rome ever did have it. And by the divine record 'it is certain that Peter at least twice decided wrongly "regarding faith and morals." Therefore by the divine record it is made perfectly certain that the infallibil-ity of the pope or of any other man or set of men, derived from "the divine assist-ance promised to him in blessed Peter," or in anybody else, when he speaks "ex cathedra," or any other way, on a ques-tion " regarding faith or morals," or any- thing else, is utterly without any shadow of foundation in any right conception imaginable. Every argument adduced in its favor is sheer fallacy; and analysis of every claim upon which it is based only devel-ops the finale that, out of nothing some-thing comes. Yet, as the thought that  out of nothing something comes, involves either creation or absurdity, and as this claim of infallibility is seriously asserted by and in behalf of the papacy, this is but the development of the assertion of cre-ative power as the prerogative of the pa-pacy. It is the usurpation by the papacy, of the essential prerogative of the Creator. It was therefore perfectly fitting to the subject and to the occasion, that, when the decree of the infallibility of the pope was passed in the Vatican Council, Pius IX. should pervert to this blasphemous service the dying words of our Creator and Redeemer, and rapturously exclaim, " It is finished." But as any claim on the part of a man in any place, of the prerogative of crea-tion, is but absurdity and nothingness; so this claim of the papacy, .which, by every analysis, develops only the finale that out of nothing something comes, is only supreme absurdity and absolute nothing-ness. It is the most unconscionable piece of imposture that was ever proposed to be imposed upon mankind. It is the greatest humbug in the most gigantic system of humbuggery that ever there was in the world. It is the culmination of the blas-phemous claim of this " the mystery of iniquity," beyond which it is impossible even for it to go. The Release of Mr. Capps. LAST week we promised our readers additional facts in connection with the release of Mr. Capps, the Seventh-day Adventist, who was imprisoned in the county jail of Dresden, Weakley Co., Tenn., for doing farm labor on Sunday. On investigation we learned that under date of August 10, the American Hebrew, of this city, appealed for donations in the interests of Mr. Capps, in a strong edito-rial entitled, " A Sacrifice for Principle." Following the narration of the facts in connection with the prosecution, the edito-rial says:Š This is inhumanity and injustice. It is the most barefaced religious persecution. It is outrageous that a judge should so construe the law as to inflict such punishment for such an alleged offense. It is abom-inable that any legislative body should allow its stat-utes to remain so that they can be so construed. But, with all our indignation and protestation, there is a more sacred duty, and that is to provide for the destitute family of this martyr. A committee has been organized to collect funds for this purpose, and we trust that our co-religionists will be generous in adding their share. We will gladly receive all sums for this object, and will transmit them to the com-mittee, after acknowledging the receipt thereof in our columns. To this appeal the following persons re-sponded : Mr. Waldheim, $3. ; J. C. Levy, 140 Nassau St., New York, $2; Sabbath Observer, 50 cents; A. J. Bloomberg, 50 E. Sixty-fifth St., $1; Moses A. Dropsie, Philadelphia,$50; D. M. Piza, $5; mak-ing a total o$61.50. Accompanying his remittance Mr. J. C. Levy made the following comments :Š Capps is a martyr to the cause of religious liberty in the bigoted State of Tennessee. He is punished for obeying the law of God, which the law of Tennessee says shall not be obeyed in its jurisdiction. We may talk as we please about religious liberty and the separation of Church and State in this coun- try, but it does not wholly exist. The religious majority in our free land, when it can safely do so, oppresses the minority. All honor to Capps I Let him work out in jail the punishment which the State of Tennessee exacts for believing that religious liberty exists within its bor-ders, but meanwhile let his poor family be provided for. Later the American Hebrew decided to 