368 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vat. 6, No. 46. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 26, 1891. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is stated that the German Socialists threaten to attack the emperor's meas-ures for the suppression of immorality when they come up in the Reichstag. When European crowned heads and So-cialists cross swords upon moral issues, the contest is not without interest, but true morality can, gain nothing in any event. Morals are not to be mended by legislation. WE do not deny the right of the State to make any day or any number of days legal holidays, leaving the individual citizen free to observe or not to observe such days just as he sees fit, as is now the case with the Fourth of July, and other holidays; but to require the observance of such days, or to forbid upon one day, acts which are freely permitted on other days, is an abuse of the power of the State. IN making her report at the late con- vention in Boston, Mrs. J. C. Bateham, Superintendent of the Sabbath Observ- ance Department of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, said We have been holding the question of a national Sunday law in abeyance that we might devote all our energies to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. We expect that that question will be settled, next April, in favor of the Sabbath, which will be greatly in our favor in securing the passage of a national Sunday law. And this simply proves that which THE SENTINEL has constantly asserted, namely, that the great object sought in the Sun-day closing agitation is not to benefit " the poor workingman," but to secure if possible some national recognition of Sunday sacredness. IN an editorial paragraph entitled " Sunday Laws and Vice," the World gives expression to a truth worthy the attention of the law-makers of the State when it says:Š It is time for a thorough revision of our barbaric laws on this subject. . . . The new Legislature should take up this matter earnestly and give us a body of nineteenth century statutes instead of the sixteenth century Sunday laws we now have. It is not the business of the State to enforce religious observance or to restrain liberty in any of its inno-cent manifestations. When the State attempts anything of the kind it makes itself the effective minister of vice and demoralization. The World is right in thinking that  Sunday laws are remnants of sixteenth century semi-barbarism and that all needed civil regulations should apply as much to one day of the week as to another. There is no legal reform more needed at the present hour than just this for which the World calls; but is there a Legisla-ture in the United States which will at-tempt to expunge from the statute books of its State its unrighteous religious laws, and substitute enactments in consonance with the principles of Christian equity and civil righteousness ? There is none ! ACCORDING to the Christian Nation, the American Sabbath Union is about to act upon a hint given by the aforesaid journal. In its issue of the 12th inst., it says : " A very practical effort to secure the closing of the Columbian Fair is that of the American Sabbath Union. Follow-ing up the plan indicated in an editorial of the Christian Nation several weeks ago, it has prepared a petition to Congress urging that the additional $5,000,000 loan asked for the Exposition, be granted, ac-companied by a condition that the gates shall be closed upon the Sabbath. Fifty thousand petitions are to be mailed this week to as many pastors, with a request for the signatures of their parishioners." THE theory that makes the government the father of the people, and charges it with the oversight of everybody's busi-ness is bad enough in all conscience, but in a sermon in Tremont Temple on the 15th inst., Dr. Lorimer, presumably to please the ladies of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, advanced the idea that the government was also the mother of the people. This, of course, serves to settle finally the question of the origin of the species; for if the govern-ment is both the father and the mother of the people it follows that it existed before the people, and of course is the creator of the people. Those who stumble over the Bible statement that God " made of one blood all nations of men," but who do not find themselves equal to the task of be-lieving the Darwinian theory that man sprang from protoplasm, via. the mon-key, can now take refuge in this new theory of the fatherhood and motherhood of Government. God may now be left out of the question, and the people have only to shout " Great is Government that made us, and Dr. Lorimer is its prophet ! IN describing a Tennessee convict camp, the Sun of this city says :Š On Sundays the dining room is changed into a chapel and religious services are held. As most of the convicts are negroes, these services are at times scenes of intense religious excitement. It is the one great distraction of prison life, and a con-vict under religious conviction has privileges in the use of his lungs and bodily contortions that are much sought. Aside from this benefit the ser-vices are a farce. The life of the convicts here  can lead to no elevation in religion or morality. It usually leads to a depravity deeper and more hopeless than ever. The idea that convicts cannot be reached and reclaimed by Christian influence sim-ply because they are convicts, is a mis-take. It is a fact, however, that the for-mal, spiritless religious services main-tained by civil governments has no power to reform anybody. Conversions among convicts are brought about by personal effort on the part of consecrated men and women who labor for them from a sin-cere love of souls. THE Union Signal, of November 5, has the following note The Church of Christ of the Christian denomina-tion of Elgin, Illinois, has passed resolutions mak-ing prohibition part of its creed and refusing fel-lowship to all who vote otherwise. It is said to be 'the second church in the country to do this. This may be, as stated, only the second instance of this kind in this country, but it is not likely to be the last one. Leaders in the popular religious thought of the day are looking in the direction of a far-reaching supervision of political action by the various denominations of the coun-try. In a prayer offered in Tremont Tem-ple, Sunday, November 15, Joseph Cook said :Š May our churches knot their whips of small cords and drive from their membership not only the liquor seller but all who persistently vote to legal ize the traffic. Possibly those who practice and advo-cate church dictation in civil matters are not aware of the fact that they have an-cient and honorable precedent in their fa-vor. According to Schaff's " History of the Christian Church," the Council of Arles in A. D. 314, charged the bishops to take the oversight of such civil magis-trates in their respective sees as were church members; and if in the discharge of their duties the magistrates acted in-consistent with their Christian profession, they were to be turned out of the church. This at once gave the bishops the direc-tion of civil affairs, for they alone were the judges of what action was inconsistent with the Christian profession. And so it will be with these modern censors of po-litical action who are already using the club of excommunication to compel men to do their bidding. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious, IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 20c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s, Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York 