THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.  79 A. L. FrickÑI am opposed to teaching the principles of the Christian religion or any other religion in the schools. Religious edu-cation should be left to the church and the home. The Sunday bill in my opinion is un-just and unwise. I believe in Sunday regu-lations only in so far as necessary to protect persons in the uninterrupted observance of worship, and this matter should be left to the several States as distinguished from the Fed-eral Government. This opinion might seem to favor State reg-ulation of Sunday observance, but a careful reading of it will reveal the fact that it does nothing of the sort. Every State now has wholesome and just laws protecting from dis-turbance all religious assemblies, as indeed all lawful assemblies, and so all that is indi-cated by Mr. Frick as a duty of the State with regard to Sunday is already sdeured without Sunday laws. S. F. Daniels, ex-Police JudgeÑI am not in favor of this resolution. I think that the teaching of religion should be kept entirely out of our 'free schools. I do not see how it could be beneficial in any way. I am opposed to Christian religion or any other religion being taught in our schools. With regard to the Sunday law, I am opposed to it. We had a Sunday law in the State at one time, and as Police Judge I had to enforce it, but I did not think it was right, being an injustice to those who conscientiously observe the sev-enth day of the week. Neither do I believe in prohibiting persons, from observing any day they choose to. I think that should be left entirely with the conscience. J. M. Poston, ex-City Attorney of Oakland think the amendment of the Constitution is impracticable, inasmuch as it involves the union of Church and State, to which I am.  positively opposed. As to the  Blair Sunday Bill, I think some parts of that are impracti-cable, and interfere with the rights of the State, and I think it is the work of a crank anyway. I think that the matter of educa-tional system belongs to the State. Here again the idea that the proposed amendment involves a union of Church and State is made prominent. J. K. PeirsolÑI am not in favor of having any law for the establishment of religion in the school. I am in favor of education and the teaching of morality, but not the teaching of any religion. I am in favor -of all classes of people refraining from work one day in the 'week, but that their conscience should be their guide as to which day they observe as a rest day. I think the penalty clause of the Blair bill is useless. George M. ShawÑI do not think it would be advisable to amend the Constitution. I think the inventors of the Constitution under-stood that matter. I think that is going too far with the Sunday law. Any regulation of that question would be a serious disturbance to the country, and I am not in favor of in-terfering with a person's religious belief. L. N. ChurchÑI think that religion in the schoolS is all right so far as morality and virtue are concerned ; but I could not indorse the sentiment of the bill as it reads, as no one should be restricted in his religious belief. Bernard McFaddenÑI do not think that religion should be taught in the public schools. Thomas H. SmithÑI am not in favor of the principles of Christian religion in schools, for this reason, that they have no right to teach one religion to the exclusion of all others. In regard to the Sunday bill, I am in favor of the observance of the first day ; but I believe that every man should have the privilege of worshiping Almighty God /Olen- ever he wants to do so without the interfer-ence of others. I think more can be done by moral suasion than by the State. E. C. RobinsonÑI am opposed to any union of Church and State. I believe there should be no work done on the day set apart for rest; but I think every man should have the privi-lege of worshiping according to the dictates of his own conscience. A. M. ChurchÑKeep Church and State sep-arate forever. Morality is all well enough, but the " principles of Christian religion" should be left out. We had better let the Constitution entirely alone so far as it relates to the rights of a man's conscience. Judge F. B. OgdenÑIf you strike out that portion that relates to the Christian religion being taught in the schools it would be all right. I think religion should be taught at home and in the churches. Such a law as that would inaugurate a union of Church and State. I do not like the Blair Sunday Bill for this reasonÑI believe that each State should set apart one day for rest, but I do not believe in prohibiting innocent pleasure. Judge Ogden is the only one expressing himself unreservedly in favor of even State Sunday laws, and even he recognizes in the.  Blair bills an attempt to unite Church and State. E. C. ChapmanÑI believe in the principles of morality, but I do not believe that States should have the right to legislate on these things at all. I do not believe in teaching religion of any kind in the public schools. I am not in favor of any law that would force people to observe any particular day. J. W. HarrissÑI indorse the statement of Mr. Chapman. A. C. LawsonÑIf the principles of virtue and morality be taught, I think that is all that is necessary. With regard to the Sun-day bill, I believe that any measure to set apart any particular day as a day for religious worship is in opposition to the Constitution of the United States, and whenever the Gov-ernment projects to put the religious element under its wing it is wrong. I am a believer in the first day of the week as a day of wor-ship, but I am not in favor of forcing it upon anyone else. S. B. McKeeÑI should not favor the teach-ing of any particular religion in the schools. In reference to the Blair Sunday Bill, I un-derstand that the foundation of our Govern-ment was religious liberty for all classes. The courts have held the observance of Sun-day, but I think it is impractical from a busi-ness standpoint, and against the policy of the country. Robert L. McKeeÑI am decidedly opposed to any instruction in Christianity in our free public-school system. William Lair Hill, of the firm of Davis & HillÑIn regard to these matters I am a Bap-tist, and therefore'  of course, I am positively of the opinion that religion should be taught in churches and not in public schools. I see no reason for legislating the Christian religion into the State, which (under the principles of our Government, and the only true principles of any civil Government), would not apply with equal force in favor of legislatinab  Mo-hammedanism and Buddhism and Confucian-ism into those countries where these religions have already the majority of the people. Thus it is seen that the consensus of opinions among the lawyers of Oakland is that Sunday laws are subversive of religious liberty, that they are religious legislation, and that the suc-cess of the Blair bills would unite Church and State in this country. But it is to just such  measures as this that the National Reform Association, the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, and the Prohibition party stand pledged. 0  ¥ 0 Bound Volumes of the Sentinel. HERB is something that every Bible student, ev-ery student of history, every lover of religious lib-erty, and every American citizen should have; and we have reduced the price so that it is within the reach of all. Buy it, read it, study it. Place a copy in every free library and public reading-room in the United States. We can furnish Volume 1 (1886), and Volume 2 (1887), of the AMERICAN SENTINEL bound in strong pa-per covers, with index, at 50 cents per volume, post-paid. The two volumes bound in one, in cloth, with in-dex and gilt title, for $1.50 post-paid. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, AK RIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO THE DEFENSE OF AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS, THE PRES,  ERVATION OF TIIE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION AS IT IS, SO FAR AS REGARDS RELIGION OR RELIGIOUS TESTS, AND TIIE MAINTENANCE OF CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS RIGHTS. It Will ever Be Uncompromisingly Opposed to Anything Tending Toward a UNION OF CHURCH AHD STATE, Either in Name or in Fact. IT is well known that there is a large and influential associa-tion in the United States bearing the name of the "National Reform Association," which is endeavoring to secure such a RELIGIOUS AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION Of the United States as will "place all Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." While there are many persons in this country who are op-posed to, or look with suspicion upon, this movement, there are few, outside of the party, who realize what the influence of this Amendment would be. The object of the American Sentinel will be to VINDICATE THE BIGHTS OF AMERICAN CITIZENS, Which, we believe, are threatened by this association. It will appeal to the very fundamental principles of our Government, and point out the consequences which would be sure to follow should they secure the desired Amendment to the Constitution. Every position taken will be carefully guarded and fortified by sound argument. Due respect will always be paid to the opinions of others, but Tice Rights of Conscience will be Fearlessly Maintained. TERMS. Single Copy, per year,  A 50 cents.  To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, 2s. Specimen Copies free. Address,  AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. THIS package contains thirteen tracts treating upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as follows NO.  PAGES. 1. Religious Legislation,   8 2. Religious Liberty,   3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience,   16 4. The American Papacy,   16 5. Bold and Base Avowal    16 6. National Reform is Church and State,   16 7. Purity of National Religion,   8. The Salem Witchcraft,  8 9. What Think Ye of Christ'  8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,   24 11. The Republic of Israel,   8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism,   32 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurdity,   16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address,  AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. HISTORY OF THE SABBATH AND FIRST DAY 07 THE vIrnya. By ELI>. J. N. ANDREWS. ¥ THIS WORK CONTAINS A MINE OF INFORMATION; TEE Bible record of the Sabbath; the secular history con-eerniug.,  it; the successive steps by which the change to the first day was made, and the work of restoration, are given in detail. s Every text o f Scripture concerning the Sabbath is commented on at length; and the complete Testimony of the Fathers in regard to the Sabbath and first day is given. The compara-tive merits of the seventh and the first-day Sabbaths are fully shown. A copious index enables the reader to find any text, or the statement of any historian. Should be read by,everybody. 648 pp. Price, 82.00. *ATM,  spRACIPIC P,RE8S,,,9040,114; 