AMERICAN SENTINEL. 39 because there. is no light-in them." Like the old prophets They bear "the burden of the word of the Lord." They are styled "stewards of the mysteries of God," and are admonished that "it is required in stewards that -a man be found faithful." They are commanded to " preach the word ; " to "preach Christ crucified;" "Christ, the power of God, and the wisdom of God ; " "the Gospel of Christ, which is the power of God unto salvation." They are with the ''apostle to determine not to know anything among their people "save Jesus Christ and Him .crucified." Like Him they must abjure all else, and ex- claim : forbid that I should glory save in the Cross of our Lord Jesus Christ; by whom the world is crucified unto me and I unto the world." . The gospel ministry is the noblestfunetion of human-ity. It is an embassy of mercy from heavenŠ" TO wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto Him-self, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and bath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. Now then we are embassadors for Christ, as though God did be-seech you by us; we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye rec-onciled to God." So great an office demands all our powers. Let us not fritter these away on temporary affairs. Yon want to reform the world. Preach Christ, who is the only true RefOrmer. Thus I leave the issue between the Ministerial Union and myself in the hands of our common Lord and to the Christian conscience of the people of Philadelphia. A Sample Sunday Law. THE New Orleans Times-Democrat, of Jan. 3, 1897, publishes a list of regulations in force in that city a little less than one hundred years ago, which had "for their object the maintenance of good order and tranquility" in the community; among which we note the follow- ing :Š Ł Š "1. All persons, of whatsoever class, who, under any pretext whatever, will have the audacity to blaspheme the name of God 'our Lord, the Virgin Mary, our Lady, or sacred things, or make use of threatening oaths, will incur the penalties established by the laws of these king-doms. All workmen or artisans, without exception, of whatever class or profession it may be, who will be con-victed of having worked on Sunday or a holy day, dur-ing which one can only attend to work in cases of neces-sity by especial permission, will be sentenced to a fine of 410, or if he is insolvent, to six days' imprisonment; and his employer will pay double the amount. -"It is prohibited under penalty of twenty-four hours' imptisonment, to run carts on holy days and Sundays." An-other section provides that " billiard rooms must not be opened on Holy Days until after the High Mass." Of course, "good order and tranquility'.  are very es-sential things in :any community, and it must devolve upon the civil authorities to maintain them. This is the  alleged ground of justification for all Sunday laws, and it is just as good justification for this particular Sunday law as for any other that was ever passed. . This law bears the stamp. it is true, of having been passed in the interests of the Roman Catholic religion; but what Of that? All Sunday' laws bear the stamp of some religion; for it is only religion,which gives Sunday a distinction from other days of the week. Is there any choice to be made between a Roman Catholic Sunday law and a Methodist, Baptist, or Presbyterian Sunday law? Have not Roman Catholics an equal right with all others in this respect? The fact that this Roman Catholic Sunday law pro-hibited work on Other " holy " days than Sundays,. only shows the ultithate state of things to which Sunday legis-lation leads. The Roman Catholic Church was the pioneer church in Sunday legislation, and her legislation with respect to "holy days"-  rests upon the saine foundation— as that pertaining to. Sunday. Both are justified by the same logic. Sunday is itself only a "holy day;" -and if work can properly be prohibited on one such day, it can properly be forbidden on all. If "good order and tranquility" can be promoted by enforcing idleness-on one "holy day," they can be pro-moted by the same means -on all such days. And as-suredly good order and tranquility ought to be promoted at all times. It May be doubted, of course, whether enforced idle-ness is at all conducive to good order and tranquility. The facts of experience do not testify that way. But as Sunday legislation- must be enacted by the civil authori-ties, if at all, some way must be found to justify it upon civil grounds. Hence we have Simday laws ,arong with laws against blaspheming "the Virgin Mary, our Lady," to preserve "good order and tranquility," and also as "sanitary measures," to promote the .public health, etc. It would be safe to say that religious legislation is as jus-tifiable upon the one ground as on the other. The fact that the religio-political forces of the coun-try are already engaged in the work of manufacturing "holy" days out of the national holidays, only- adds to the evidence that their zeal for Sunday legislation will lead them in the same path taken by Rome. So.  that it is altogether likely that ere long the American nation. will have attained to the point of progress and civilized enlightenment occupied by New Orleans under Spanish domination near one hundred years ago ! THE photographers of Michigan are following the ex-ample of the barbers, and are calling for a special act of the legislature closing picture galleries on Sunday. The Michigan Christian Advocate, Jan. 16, 1897, says : " We do- not consider such an act necessary." And further remarks that "All these men have to do is to shut up shop." Good. That ,is the very thing the AMERICAN SENTINEL has been saying all the time to every call for any kind of a Sunday law. The words of the Advocate-are just as true of every kind of a movement for a Sun- 