762 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Christian Citizen (Chicago), for November, re-marks concerning the late political contest in New York City, that "the Citizens' Union has fought a good fight and-kept the faith, but has by no means finished its course." Perhaps not; but it has been defeated, and thereby conclusively demonstrated that it was not fighting the battle of Christianity; for "the good fight of faith" is always victorious. The defeat of faith would mean the defeat of God himself. Ł The World's Hope of Peace. IN a recent speech, the English premier, Lord Salis-bury, touched upon the world's outlook for peace, in the following words:Š "You notice that on all sides the instruments of de-struction are piling upŠarmies become larger, the Powers who concentrate them become greater, the instruments of deathbecome more effective and more numerous, and are improved with every year, and each nation is bound for its own safety to take part in this competition. Those are the things that are done, so to speak, on the side of war. The one hope that we have to prevent this compe-tition from ending in a terrible effort of mutual destruc-tion which will be fatal to Christian civilizationŠthe one hope we have is that the Powers may gradually be brought together, to act together in a friendly spirit on all subjects of difference that may arise until at last they shall be welded together in some international constitu-tion which shall give at last to the world as the result of -their great strength a long spell of unfettered commerce, prosperous trade, and continued peace!" Such is the statement of the world's hope of peace, as made by one whose position eminently qualifies him to speak understandingly upon the subject. It is not a bright outlook; in these days the world's outlook is not bright, in any direction. "The one hope," says this emi-nent statesman, "is that the Powers may gradually be brought together in a friendly spirit," "until at last they shall be welded together in some international constitu-tion," etc.,Ša consummation which evidently lies at the extreme limit of vagueness, uncertainty, and improba-bility. Yet now, as ever, it is true that "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on Thee." That is the Christian's hope of peace,Ša sure hope, which no commotion of earthly forces can overthrow. And this- is the hope which remains for the individual. 1: I. III. -4 Mits. H. H. GEORGE, wife of the well-known advocate of "National Reform," reports in the December issue of the Christian Statesman her success in enlisting the State W. C. T. U. of Pennsylvania in the National Reform cause. She says:Š "The National Reform movement has many warm friends among the ranks of the W. C. T. U. Many of the delegates expressed their sympathy and interest in this v~vvvvvv VVVWWW VVV VWW W,4,47% 54 The "critic" is abroad in the land! Have you not often heard him say 4 something that grates upon your ear a and misrepresents this paper and the cause it has espoused? If so, why not 54 54 4 send in his name and invest twenty-five cents in bringing before him the work of the AMERICAN SENTINEL as it is N and as it is not? It will be missionary effort that cannot fail to yield excellent results. What do YOU say to this? C%‚%044 elet ar4Ildtd1 e>et,— 411411 cause. The convention itself gave support to the work by making the National Reform a separate department and appointing a superintendent. Heretofore, the de-partments of Sabbath Observance and National Reform were united under one superintendent, Mrs. R. J. George, who sent in a request asking that National Reform be made a separate department. Already a letter has been sent to each county president asking that a superintend-ent be appointed in each county of our state. "The convention also passed a resolution that five delegates be appointed to represent that body at the coming National Reform convention to be held in Phila-delphia.ﬂ WHEN it comes to the question, "Is ours a Christian nation?" we are compelled to pause. The Thanksgiving proclamations of governor and president do not stamp ,us as such; they merely show the spirit of theŁ people in its annual recognition of the sovereign Ruler of the skies. They do not lift the veil of positive crime or of neglect of God, contempt of church privileges, and a life of more or less unblushing infidelity as led by some. They do not tell of the oceans of insidious literature with which too many presses groan in our land, in which the character and mission of Jesus Christ on earth are minimized and his sacred claims upon us reduced to the mere question of our acceptance of him as an historic model of a ro-mantic legend. Indeed, the alleged Christian pulpit itself has contributed to this pernicious stream which is help-ing to make us a nation of practical skeptics.ŠNew York Observer. IN Newbern, N.C., an ordinance is now enforced which prohibits both employes and employers from going in or out of a place of business during the twenty-four hours from midnight of Saturday to midnight of Sunday. THE Board of Directors of the chief public library in Chicago have voted that the library shall hereafter be open on Sundays. The Methodist Ministers' Association has decided that this action is wrong. De o< 