Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JANUARY 2, 1890. NUMBER 1. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. IT is in one sense with feelings of con-siderable regret that the SENTINEL finds it necessary to sever its direct connection with California. Personally our associa-tions there have been of the very pleasant-est. Dear friends are there whom we hold in ever grateful remembrance. Profession-ally our associations have also been of the pleasantest; and it is with the kindest remembrances toward our contemporaries, all, of Oakland and San Francisco, and especially the Times and the Tribune of Oakland, and the Examiner and the Alta of San F.rancisco, that the SENTINEL bids good-bye to the beautiful city by the Western Sea. Yet we all know that it was with the sole object of doing better service in the cause to which it is devoted that the SENTINEL made the change of location which it has ,made; and although we have been in our new quarters but a few days, we have already seen abundance of ev-idence of the propriety of 'the move that has been made. It is therefore with the best of courage that we enter anew upon our work with the beginning of this new year. kg is stated that the new government of Brazil proposes to sever the connection that existed under the monarchy between the State and the Roman. Catholic Church. But while Catholicism was the State re-ligion all other sects were tolerated. The only distinction made between that and other sects was that other denominations were restricted to the use of houses of wor-ship ," without the exterior form of tem- ples." This was construed to forbid simply the erection of steeples and the use of bells. The appropriations for religious purposes in Brazil in 1887-88 amounted to $454,000. The same budget appropriated $280,000 for education. Neither of these sums was large, and certainly the Brazilian estab-lishment was not very expensive, but the new government will do well to abolish it and let the churches support themselves, while the government looks after the schools. The American Sentinel. WITH this number the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL enters upon the fifth year of its pub-lication. Started at Oakland, California, January, 1886, as an eight-page, monthly, it attained the first year to a total circula-tion of more than 136,000 copies; the second year of more than 255,000; and the third year of more than 600,000. This rapid growth showed a demand for the paper which seemed to the publishers to call for a more frequent issue. Accordingly, in January, 1889, it was changed to an eight-page weekly; and more than a million copies were printed and circulated within a year. The rapidly multiplying demands for national religious legislation rendered it essential that our place of publication should be nearer the centers of informa-tion. We are therefore established at No. 43 Bond Street, New York City, from which place the AMERICAN -SENTINEL sa-lutes its old acquaintances and introduces itself to its new ones. The SENTINEL exists for the purpose of opposing all manner of religious legisla-tion, and every principle, effort, or move-ment, that tends in any way toward a union of religion and the State; and of maintaining in this opposition the prin-ciples announced by Jesus Christ and also embodied in the Declaration of Independ-ence and the United States Constitution. The SENTINEL is positively Christian. And as positively and decidedly as it is Christian, just so positively does it main-tain that Christianity, to remain pure and  powerful, must never be connected,as such, in any way with the State ; and that the State, properly to fulfil its functions, must never have anything whatever to do with religion, as such, or with religious observ-ances. With the Supreme Court of Ohio we hold that "united with government, religion never rises above the merest super-stition; united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are separated the better it is for both." And with Dr. Philip Schaff we hold that "secular power has proved a Satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the State," And the SENTINEL occupies this position because it is Christian, and because its editors and publishers love Jesus Christ and the religion which he brought to the world. The SENTINEL maintains that civil gov-ernment is an ordinance of God ; that to the citizen it is supreme in civil things, for God has made it so by commanding Christians as well as al4 others to be sub-ject to it; and that the authority of civil government is over only the civil relations of men, and does not extend at all to religious things. The Saviour, when asked whether it was lawful to give tribute to Cmsar or not, re-plied by stating a principle which is for all people and governments unto the end of the worldŠ" Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's ; and unto God the things ',,hat are God's." He separates forever that which men owe to God from that which they owe to civil government. Religious duties and observances men owe to God; civil duties and obligations they owe to the State. Christ has separated these things; and what God has put asunder let no man join together. Again, in Romans 13 : 1-10, every soul is commanded to be subject unto the higher Powers, to pay tribute, to render to all their dues; and then, after citing certain com-mandments which speak of the relationship of men to their fellowmen, the Word says, 