192 THE"AMERICAN SENTINEI.e.e Vol. 4, No. 24. 471e An2ericar2 3e12tiqel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY10,1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-ishers to pay for the same. Special Notice. A NEWSPAPER clipping which we have just received from Arizona, states that one W. A. Cuddy, ex-chaplain of the Legislature of that Ter-ritory, is engaged in evangelistic work in Tucson, and that he is the representative of the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL. We have beard of Mr. Cuddy before, and we wish to state that he does not rep-resent the AMERICAN SENTINEL. He has no au-thority whatever from us to represent this paper either as a business agent or otherwise. We wish all to make a note of this. Ł Ł ELLIOTT F. SHEPARD, president of the so-called Sabbath Union, is charged by the New York Sun with patronizing street-cars on Sunday. It seems to us that the man who is endeavoring to compel everybody to rest on Sunday should not encourage the "desecration" which he so per-sistently condemns in others. •. Ł REV. W. D. GRAY, secretary of the Missouri National Reform Convention recently held at Sedalia, said : " I do not believe that Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law." The convention did not dissent from this declaration of purpose'. Mr. Crafts, field secre-tary of the American Sabbath Union, and Mr. Gault, district secretary of the National Reform Association, were both present, and neither of them offered any protest. THE Christian Cynosure, speaking of the Amer-ican republics, says: "On every hand they see the growing power of the people bursting the bonds of conventionality and the shackles of des-potic power." Then their eyes must be blinded to the work of National Reformers, which the Cynosure indorses. That work, as defined by Rev. W. D. Gray, secretary of the Missouri Convention, is,an effort to change the feature in our funda-mental law which recognizes that Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. If that movement succeeds, the "burst-ing of the shackles of despotic power" will be at an end., THE Christian Nation, a National Reform or-gan, expresses great astonishment at the moral weakness shown by Mr. Parnell in admitting that he told a lie in the House of Commons. The Nation says : " We have been a firm believer in, and friend of, Mr. Parnell, but we have only contempt for a man who can unblushingly play fast and loose with the truth. Unhappy Ireland, with such a leader " If Ireland is unhappy with such a leader what must be the condition of the National Reformers? The Nation should ' remember Rev. W. F. Crafts, D. D., and that he is prominent in National Reform councils, and field secretary of the American Sabbath Union. There is one difference, however, between Mr. rarnell and Mr. Crafts, the former has been  honest enough to acknowledge his prevarications, but the latter, though convicted repeatedly by the stern logic of facts, still persists in his evil ways. Unhappy Sabbath Union with such a leader WHEN the National Reformers, after "re-peated advances," shall have succeeded in induc-ing the Catholics to "join hands" with them, they will find their much coveted acquisition a very unwieldy element. Much as the Catholics adore Sunday, they have their own peculiar ideas of its observance, and sometimes those ideas are not averse to quite noisy demonstration. The follow-ing complaint is entered against them by the Christian Cynosure of May 23:Š " Last Sabbath the Catholic Church gave another evidence of its power over Chicago. Under the charge of the Romish order known as the Christian Brothers, an institution has been organized, called De La Salle Institute. The corner-stone was laid last Sabbath, with all the pomp, ceremony, parade, and desecration of the day possible, either for the Catholic Church, the Orangemen, or the Knight Templar Masons. An immense procession of Catholic societies, flags, ban-ners, and regalia, with twenty-two brass bands, paraded the streets and filled the whole south side of the city with tumult, noise, and confusion from one o'clock till six. The reporters counted the crowds by the hundred thousand." When, under the anticipated millennium of Na-tional Reform rule, the nominally Protestant fac-tion shall undertake to inaugurate "the ideal Sabbath of the Puritans," there will undoubtedly be a conflict. Then the party that has been catered to all the way through will naturally ex-pect that process to continue. THROUGH the kindness of a gentleman in Washington City we have received a copy of the " Notes of Hearings" before the United States Committee on Education and Labor on the Blair resolution, proposing an amendment to the Con-stitution respecting the establishment of religion in the public schools. This is the proposed amendment which is to guarantee the teach-ing of the principles of the Christian religion in the public schoolsŠor, rather, what an assembly of ecclesiastics shall say are the principles of the Christian religion. The committee held two hear-ings, Febuary 15 and 22, 1889. The first seems to have been held in response to a request by the National Reform Association. T. P. Stevenson, of that association ; James D. King, D. D., of New York, representing the American branch of the Evangelical Alliance; Geo. K. Morris, D. D., of Philadelphia; Rev. W. M. Glasgow, of Baltimore; J. N. McCurdy, D. D., of Philadelphia; C. R. Blackall, M. D., of Philadelphia; and Wm. S. Morris, M. D., of Philadelphia, presented argu-ments. At the second, there appeared a sub-com-mittee of the Committee of One Hundred, of Bos-ton, composed of Rev. Philip S. Moxom, Rev. Jas. B. Dunn, and Rev. J. H. Beard, urgently to plead for the adoption of the proposed amendment. There are quite a number of points that appear in the notes to which we shall call the attention of the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL from time to time. Because, as the readers of the SENTINEL probably understand full well, in the very nature of the case, there was not a single valid argument presented in favor of the proposed amendment, for the very good reason that no such argument ever can be presented. Yet the discussion is of great importance to the people to know just what is said in favor of it, and what efforts are being made to secure its passage. They Must Interfere with Somebody. THE San Francisco Weekly Star, of June 1, notes the fact that at a regular meeting of the Congregationalist Ministers' Club, held on May 27, there was a discussion on the question, of Sun-day keeping. Says the Star:Š " Opinion varies greatly, thus, Rev. J. Kimball wanted an old-fashioned Puritan Sunday and a Sun-day law accordingly. Dr. W. C. Pond did not believe in a Sunday law. Rev. J. Powell also said he did not want a law to protect God's rights, and he blamed Christians themselves for violating Sunday. Rev. J. G. Cruzan, besides showing how Christ violated the Sabbath laws of his times, argued that Sunday should be observed according to the times in which we live. Rev. H. H. Wikoff followed to the same effect, and even justified Sunday base-ball, provided the players are not Christians. But the club agreed to ask Gen-eral Miles to prevent the military band from playing for parties on Sunday." It seems that while the ministers were not agreed as to how Sunday should be observed, or indeed as to whether it should be observed at all or not by some persons, they could not restrain their inherent disposition to interfere with some-body in regard to Sunday keeping, and as the laws of this State do not allow them to meddle with the private affairs of their fellow-citizens, they evidently intend to be satisfied for the pres-ent with seeing to it that the military band do not desecrate this day which the ministers are un-certain should be kept. We do not know just what Mr. Cruzan said, but it is certain that he did not show from the Scriptures that Christ vio-lated the Sabbath laws of his time. The only Sabbath law then in existence, and the only di-vine Sabbath law ever in existence, was the fourth commandment, and Christ said explicitly, "I have kept my Father's commandments." If, in the face of this, any man will say that Christ vio-lated the Sabbath law, he simply says he does not believe the words of Christ. We cannot think that Mr. Cruzan is ready to take that position. An ! that accounts for it. In the circular let-ter sent to the press of the country by the general passenger agent of the New York Central and Hudson River Railroad, in regard to the cessa-tion of Sunday trains on the Vanderbilt system, he says:Š " This will give a large number of men an oppor-tunity to attend church and secure a well-earned rest, and the railways interested are entitled to great credit for this movement." This self-attributed glory will of course pass current in many circles, but the Inter-Ocean, un-wittingly, very nearly spoils the "great credit" fancy, in the following prosaic sentence: "The railway companies are gradually coming to the conclusion that it is not only proper, but profit-able, to observe the Sabbath and refrain from do-ing business on that day." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fac. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 55. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 