TO THE .PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek Sanitarium -Health Foods, manufactured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Company, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOG, M. D. Ourgoods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demonstrated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia.. I also find the Zwiebach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have persmally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. DR. R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your Health Foods" in our family for three years, and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dyspepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Granola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. WM. M. MERWIN. giving properties. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. strong. OHIO. eight pounds. and is as ruddy and healthy a Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very FRED. L. ROSEMOND. MINNESOTA. perfectly, and I have recommended it to D. W. MoCous.T. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them many who are bringing up babies "by hand." SEPTEMBER 28, 1893. 303 RELIGIOUS LIBERTY LIBRARY. The Religious Liberty Library is a monthly pub-lication (with occasional extras) published by the International Religious Liberty Association. The following numbers have been issued:Š No. 1. Due Proeesss of Law and the Divine Right of Dissent. An interesting and instructive work upon the ".Process of Law," " Christianity and the Common Law," " Individual Right of Religious Belief," "The Divine Right of Dissent," etc., in review of Judge Hammond's de-cision in the King case. By A. T. Jones. 120 pages. Price 15 cts. No. 2. Religious Intolerance in the Republic. A lucid and vivid portrayal of recent persecutions in Tennessee, written by the editor of the Arena. 16 pages. Price 2 cts. No. 3. Church and State. A timely docu-ment upon the origin of Church and State union, with the arguments and excuses for Sunday laws exempting Church property from taxation, laws against blasphemy, religious tests, etc., all well considered. By James T. Ringgold, of the Balti-more Bar. 60 pages. Price 10 cts. No. 4. The National Sunday Law. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough catechism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price 25 cts. No. 5. Sunday Laws in the United States. Their groundlessness and unconstitution-ality expostd. By James T. Ringgold. 24 pages. Price 3 cts. No. 6. The Captivity of the Republic. A Report of the Hearing on the Sunday Closing of the World's Fair, before the House Committee on Columbian Exposition, Jan. 10-13, 1893. 128 pages. Price 15 cts. No. 7. Appeal and Remonstrance. Reso-lutions adopted by the General Conference of the Seventh-day Adventists, Feb. 24, 1893, with docu-mentary evidence attached. 24 pages. Price 3 cts. No. S. Appeal from the U. S. Supreme Court Decision making this a " Christian Nation." A Protest. A review of the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States declaring that "this is a Christian Nation;" a powerful protest against the union of Church and State involved in this decision; also the subsequent act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, and how it was secured. The work contains the text in full of this remarkable decision of the U. S. Supreme Court. By A. T. Jones, Editor AMERICAN SENTINEL. 86 pp. Price 15 eta. No. 9. Shall Religion be Taught in the Public Schools ? A lucid exposition of both the unconstitutionality and impracticability of con-necting religion with our public school educational system. 12 pages. Price 2 cts. No. 10. Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question. Is the Prohibition of Po-lygamy Religious Legislation ? This tract is a dis-passionate arraignment of polygamy as an invasion of natural rights, and a logical defense of the right of every man to keep any day or no day as a season of rest and worship. 20 pages. Price 24 cts. Annual subscription to the Library, $1.00. AddressŠPACIFIC PRESS PUB. Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. SOME VALUABLE BOOKS FOR YOUNG MEN. We have secured the following books which we can recommend, not only as unobjectionable but as highly beneficial reading for young men:Š Moral Muscle and How to Use It, by FRED-ERICK ATICINS. A Brotherly Chat with Yonng Men. "This is positively the best book for young men that we have seen. It looks the facts of young men's lives full in the face, and proclaims the gospel of industry, perseverance, self-con-trol, and manly Christianity. We can certify that no one will find it stupid."ŠSt. Andrews Cross. First Battles and How to Fight Them, by F. A. ATKINS. Friendly Chats with Young Men. " It is true in substance, attractive in its style, and admira-ble in its spirit. I heartily commend this little volume."ŠRev. John Hall, D.D. The Spiritual Athlete and How He Trains, by W. A. BODELL. Introduction by REV. B. FAY MILLS. A work for young men, pithy, pointed and practical. "Its power and value lie in the consistent carrying out of the comparison between physical and spiritual training."ŠThe Independent. Brave and True, by J. TRAIN DAVIDSON. Talks to Young Men. " This is one of the books the wide distribution of which cannot be too greatly desired."ŠPresbyterian Journal. Each of these books is complete in itself, and so can be sold separately at fifty cents each; but as they are all about equally good, and desiring to encourage the dissemination of such literature, we offer the four for $1..75. They are all bound alike, and put up in a neat box present a very at-tractive appearance. They will form a valuable addition to any young man's or youth's library. Address Pacific Press 43 Bond St., New York City. WEST SHORE RAILROAD. Excursion Tickets to World's Fair, Good Ten Days $17.00 Also Round Trip Tickets, Good Until November 15 $28.00 Health, Pleasure, and Business Travel, Via the famous Trunk Line and Picturesque WEST SHORE ROUTE, Along the famous Hudson River and through the Mohawk Valley. Excellent Wagner Buffet Sleeping Cars on fast express trains between New York, Boston, Kingston, Albany, Utica, Syracuse, Rochester, Buffalo, Niagara Falls, Toronto, Detroit, Cleveland, Chicago, and St. Louis. For tickets, time tables and information, apply to any West Shore ticket agent, or to H. B. JAGOE, G. E. P. A. A. A. SMITH, N. E. P. A. 303 BROADWAY, N. Y. 300 Washington ST., BOSTON, MASS. E. J. WEEKS, G. A. F. J. WOLFE, G. A. BUFFALO, NEW YORK. ALBANY, NEW YORE. C. E. LAMBERT, Gen'l Passenger Agent. 5 Vanderbilt Ave. New York City. THE MEDICAL MISSIONARY. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., Editor. A twenty-four page monthly journal, devoted to the various phases of medical missionary and be-nevolent work. It contains each month also arti-cles of general interest on mission fields, and items of missionary intelligence. Each number is illus-trated. Published by the S. D. A. Medical Missionary and Benevolent Association. Price 25 cents Per year. Address Medical Missionary, Battle Creek, Mich. PRINTING OUTFIT15° COMPLETE, 4 atpliabete rubber tape, typo holder, bottle In-delible Ink, Ink Pad a.1 Tweezers. Put up in neat box with directions for use. Batishichon guaranteed. Worth 50o. Beet linen Marker, Card Printer, etc. Bets newts in I minute. prints 500 cards an hour.gent postpaid 15c;2 for 26,Cat.freo. R.H.INGERSOLL k BRO.65CortlandtSt.N.Y.City. PRISON LIGHT Wantsevagentsevterrvyewhere. Good pay. 15e. Trial year. Indorsed by SENTINEL. Particulars free. MYERS,. PRISON Lictra, Newfane, Vt. THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM  HEALTH FOODS. Iowa meal For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanita-rian has maintained a Health Food Department, at first for the benefit of its patients and patrons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year Mote than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufactured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. 1 Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manufactured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numer-ous imitations to which its success has given rise. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental r-esearches conducted in the Sallitarttinl Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Battle Creek, Mick 