11  An Introductory i; Acquaintance with One Hundred and Fifty Of Our Common Birds DOUSLEDAY AND mccLurze COMPANY 30 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE CHILDREN WOULD ENJOY IT. How it would please the children if their parents or their older brother or sister should get for them a set of our Bird Books, and then go out with them and together study the habits and identify their feathered friends by name. We know of no more delightful and profitable way to employ an outing. It is true that from the North many of our birds migrate to the South in winter, but not all of them leave us, and these books will enable you to identify them wherever found. In the South this is especially a favorable time to study the birds, as there are many visitors in the trees now. .11111114141111111Ł111111411Ł11111MIIIIIMIIIIIMICIIIIMIIIMMIIIIIm ALL ABOUT THE BIRDS. The two books described below are really companion volumes and together they cover all of our well-known birds. The 100 beautiful colored plates present an unexampled series of bird pictures, being colored-  from the birds themselves. Sold singly at $2.00 each, or the set of two for $3.50. Bird Neighbors. By Nettie Blanchan. An introductory acquaintance with 150 of our common birds, with 52 superb full-page pictures in color photography from the birds themselves. John Burroughs, the highest authority on this subject, who has annotated the text, says of the colored, plates in his introduction : "When I began the study of birds I had access to a copy of Audubon, which greatly stimulated my interest in the pursuit, but I did not have the opera glass, and I could not take Audubon with me on my walks, as the reader may this volume, and he will find these colored plates quite as helpful'as those of Audubon or Wilson." This book makes the identification of our birds simple and positive, even to the uninitia- ted, through certain unique features. Size, 7% x 10%; 1234 pages; strong green cloth binding; full margins for notes. Price  Birds that  Hunt and are Hunted. By Neltje Blanchan. Annotated and with an introduction by G. 0. Shields, "Coquina." This new book gives the life histories more completely than ever before in a popular work of 170 of our game and .water birds and birds of prey, and contains 48 colored plates. Literature says: "The plates are probably the most valuable and artistic pictures of the kind available to-day. There is a charm of reality in the author's presenta-tion utterly fascinating to the sportsman." Size, 7%x10%; 359 pages; strong green cloth binding; printed on fine paper, full margins for notes. Price  $2.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING- CO., 39 BOND ST., NEW 'YORK CITY". THE MARKED NEW TESTAMENT. For Missions and Mission Workers, the object being to call the reader's attention to certain texts marked in red or black ink in facsimile of hand-markings. There are 225 marked verses, bearing on the sub-iect of salvation through Christ, including repentance, faith, obed-ience, etc. Size 5% x 5% inches. Cloth, cut flush. Price 15 Cents, with discount when ordered in quantity. Books for the young. These are selected from a long list, and will be found convenient in size (4%x 6M), handsomely bound (cover stamped in gold and colored ink), and well printed on good pa-per. Each book in a box. Price 30 cents each. A BAG OF STORIES. HEART LIFE. HELPS OVER HARD PLACES,ŠGirls. 44 64 t& 44 Boys. JESSICA'S FIRST PRAYER. JESUS ONLYŠScripture text and poem for each day of the ear. NOBODY LOVES ME. OLIVES STORY. SCRIPTURE PROMISESŠClassified so that is easy to find something suited to our present wants on every occasion. PILGRIM'S PROGRESS. BLACK BEAUTY. By Annie Sewell. A story of a horse which will teach young and old much about the proper care and treatment of dumb animals. Size 4%x6% inches, 252 pages, with illustrations, neat cloth binding beautifully stamped in gold and colored inks. Price 40 cts. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 89 Bond Street, Ndw York City. printed on fine paper, -$2.00 