258 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the broken hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. And he said to them that that day the scripture which he had read to them was fulfilled in their presence. But is there a diversity between those things for the teaching of which Jesus there read his commission, and the gospel of gain and of force of which the Sunday, legislatively triumphant, is the sign manual? There is. The one brings the gospel to the poor ; the other offers promise of great gain to the hypocritically godly. The one com-forts the broken hearted; the other ex-ults in worldly power with the great of the earth, legislatures and Congress. The one preaches deliverance to captives and sets at liberty the oppressed; the other imprisons the innocent for a matter touch-ing the law of their God and strives to make their burdens more than they can bear. There is this diversity. Happy is he who can see it. It is the fulfillment of scripture. in those days those scriptures were fulfilled in their ears. In these days other scriptures are fulfilled in our ears. W. H. M. The Gospel; What It Is, and Its Work As Opposed to the Mystery of Iniquity.* Now from this let us start into another field. I want you to think closely now, if you have not done so up to this point; and the more so, if you have done so. The gospel is the mystery of God, is n't it? The mystery of God is the gospel. The preaching of the gospel, the unsearchable riches of Christ, is the making known to men what is the fellowship of this mys-tery. In the preaching of the gospel; God is revealing the riches of the glory of that mystery among the Gentiles, and that is Christ in men, the hope of glory. In for-mer ages this mystery had not been made known unto the sons of men, as it was now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets. And though hidden from ages and generations, when the apostles were sent forth to preach, endued with power from on high, to reveal the mystery of God, that was the breaking off of the veil that had covered this mystery through all these ages; and it was broken off that all nations might see and know and under-stand and turn to the Lord, and get ac-quainted with God as he was revealed in Jesus Christ, by having Jesus Christ re-vealed in themselves. That was sent forth to be preached to all the world, to be preached to every creature. It was so preached. Before the men had all died to whom the gospel was committed in the beginning, it had been preached in all the world. And while it was being preached, and before Paul had died, who had written so much about it, he wrote these words: " The MYSTERY OF INIQUITY doth already work." What was Paul preaching?ŠThe mys-tery of God. What was already working? ŠThe mystery of iniquity. That mystery of iniquity would oppose and exalt itself " above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." Then there was another mys-tery to be revealed. The mystery of God *From a sermon delivered by A. T. Jones, at Battle Creek, Mich., July 9, 1892, as reported and published in the Review and `Herald. was revealed; the mystery of iniquity was also to be revealed. The mystery of iniquity was revealed. That mystery of iniquity rose up and hid the mystery of God which had been re-vealed. That mystery of iniquity was the Papacy in all its workings; and the begin-ning of its working was there when Paul wrote that word ; it was working then. He could see it. While the apostles were preaching the mystery of God, they could see the other mystery coming. That other mystery did come; it was re-vealed; it stood before the world, profess-ing to be Christianity; professing to be the representative of God to the world; professing to re the religion of Christ in the world; professing to be the mystery of God. Attention was called to that as Christianity, whereas there was no Chris-tianity about it at all. God declared it to be " the mystery of iniquity ;" " Mystery, Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth." And it was only hiding the mystery of God again from ages and from generations. But thanks be to God ! it was not to hide the mystery of God from all ages and generations. When the mystery of iniq-uity should have fully revealed itself, again the veil would be broken off, and the mystery of God would again be re-vealed. For I read : " I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every na-tion, and kindred, and tongue, and people, saying with a loud voice, Fear God and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come : and worship him that made heaven and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters." This everlasting gospel is the mystery of God which is again to be preached unto men; and that mystery is " Christ in you, the hope of glory." And that is the preaching that is now to go to the world, in the glorious threefold message which makes up the third angel's message. And now is the time when the gospel, the mys-tery of God, is to be preached and revealed in a power, a majesty, and a glory such as has never been known except in the time of the apostles, if it does not even surpass that. The power of the mystery of iniquity being broken off, the mystery of God is to be brought again before the world in all its glory ; for I read that " in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished." Rev. 10:7. " And there followed another angel, say-ing, Babylon is fallen, is fallen. . . . And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation. . . . Here is the patience of the saints; here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 14:8-12. Now mark the connection. There goes forth the angel with the everlasting gos-pel to preach. That everlasting gospel is the mystery of God, and the preaching of it the preaching of Christ in men, the hope of glory, Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God. This gospel is rejected, and there is the falling away spoken of as " Babylon is fallen, is fallen." Then out of that falling away comes that against which the third angel Łwarns. Now, what brought the mystery of iniq- uity?ŠThe falling away from the mys-tery of God; for says Paul: "That day shall not come except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be re-vealed, the son of perdition." And. the mystery of iniquity is the beast, the Pa-pacy. When the mystery of iniquity has run its course, then comes the word of God announcing an angel flying in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel, the mystery of God, to preach to all the world, to every creature. Then from this also there comes a falling away, and out of that falling away there comes that against which the third angel warns, Šthe image of the beast, the image of the Papacy. As out of that first falling away there came the mystery of iniquity, the beast, so out of the second falling away there comes the image of the mystery of iniq- uity, the image of the beast. Just as certain as the preaching of the gospel by the apostles was the preaching of the mys-tery of God, Christ in men, the hope of glory; just so certainly the second preach-ing of the gospel is the preaching of the same mystery of God, the same power of God, and the same wisdom of God, to make known the same Christ in men, the hope of glory. Then as certainly as out of that falling away there came the mys-tery of iniquity, the beast, the Papacy; so certainly out of this falling away there comes the image of the mystery, the image of the beast, the image of the Papacy. The two things are alike from beginning to end. And now the third angel's message Šthis threefold messageŠwarns against the whole evil combination of the beast and his image. This threefold message has been more than forty years in the world. This little leaflet from which I have read before gives an excellent state-ment of this, as follows:Š The revelator says : " I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power, and the earth was lightened with his glory. And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen." This is the same message that was given by the second angel,ŠBabylon is fallen. . . . When Jesus began his public min-istry he cleansed the temple from its sacrilegious profanations. Almost the last act of his public ministry was to cleanse the temple again. So in the last work for the warning of the world two dis-tinct calls are to be made to the churchesŠthe sec-ond angel's message, and the voice heard from heaven, "Come out of her, my people, Ł . . for her sins have reached unto heaven, and God hath remembered her iniquities." In 1840-1844, the first angel began his work. This message was rejected, and in 1844 the second angel's message an-nounced the fall: "Babylon is fallen;" and out of that falling away there comes the image of the mystery of iniquity, the image of the beast; and the third angel's message is the warning against the wor-ship of the beast and his image. As the beginning of this was in 1844, then began the time when the mystery of iniquity was to be broken off, and the mystery of God once more to stand forth in all its glory in the world. ,But Ezekiel and the Laodicean message show that there was to be a time of dearth. But now even that time of dearth is past, and the times of refreshing have come from the presence of the Lord, and soon he will send Jesus. Therefore, now is the time when that everlasting gospel, the mystery of God, is to be preached in all its fullness, which means Christ in men in all his complete-ness. And as the Sabbath of the Lord, in the fullness of its meaning, is but 'the sign 