AMERICAN SENTINEL. 361 IN an article which is approvingly noticed by impe-rialist journals, Julian Hawthorne says:Š , "True Americans must believe that America is the hope of the human race. We are bound to demonstrate that belief, even by unfurling the flag over those who have been the victims of-oppression." * * This would make it binding on America to unfurl the American flag over the principal countries of both hem-ispheres, and would give the world another great uni-versal empire, provided America could first conquer the world. And that is the trouble with the idea of liberat-ing the oppressed people of the earth by conquest; it means world-wide war. America cannot conquer the world by war; but American principles of government could and would to a large extent, conquer the principles of despotism and liberate the oppressed in a peaceful manner, if America would exalt those principles before the world. Not lib-erty conquering the world with sword and cannon, but "liberty enlightening the world," is the hope of the world's oppressed people. * * * THE Catholic Mirror says that the reason why reli-gion is on the decline in the "rural communities" of New Hampshire, as asserted in Governor Rollins' fast day proclamation, is that Protestantism in the State is in a "deplorable condition"; and adds that there are 100,-000 Catholic residents in New Hampshire, and that Catholicism there is flourishing. This confirms the opin-ion expressed on the point by the SENTINEL some weeks ago. No LESS than 5,000,000 people in eastern Russia are in a condition bordering on starvation. The chairman of a relief committee now at work among the distressed people writes that £2,000,000 is needed to keep the peo-ple alive until the next harvest. * * * THE ritualistic controversy in the English Church seems to be doing much to open the eyes of English people to the evil of "church establishment," which  is only another name for church and state union. The fah"-minded clergy of all parties, it is said, are coming into harmony in the view that religious ques-tions must not be settled by a political body. Under the establishment, parliament has the authority to settle such questions for the church, and to take that authority away from parliament means dises-tablishment. Establishment means the surrender of church freedom in exchange for political supportŠa bar-gain, which means only incalculable loss to both the church and the state. "Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty." 2 Cor. 3:17. No church which is moved by the Spirit of God can be bound by the power of the state. Ł Sunday Enforced in Texas. A PRESS "special" to the St. Louis, Mo., Chronicle, from Galveston, Texas, under date of May 27, states the following:Š "The most indigo-hued of last century's New England blue laws pale into whiteness when compared with the statute of Sunday law at Alvin, this State. "Henry Bunch, a section hand, has an invalid wife. He cooked the food for his wife and self before going to work in the morning, leaving his wife's portion by her bedside. "On Sunday he washed the family clothes, and after hanging them out to dry, he cultivated a garden back of his little house. People attending a nearby church ob-jected, and he was tried before a justice of the peace and a jury of six. He was found guilty and sent to jail to work out a fine and costs, amounting to $28.75. His wife was left penniless. "The case will be brought to the governor's atten-tion." Sunday Enforcement in Akron, Ohio. A LIVELY Sunday-enforcement crusade is in progress in Akron, Ohio. The crusade is being pushed by minis-ters of the Evangelical Alliance, and is directed especially against Sunday theaters and games. The following facts in the matter are given by the Cleveland Press:Š "Rev. C. J. Tannar, pastor of the First Christian Church, made affidavit, late yesterday, for the arrest of L. E. Beilstein, manager of the Akron Traction & Elec-tric Co., and three of the performers at Lakeside Park casino, charging them with violating the Sunday law by giving a theatrical performance on that day. "The papers were given to Sheriff Kelley, last even-ing, and he served them. The cases will be heard in Jus-tice Hoffman's court. "It is said warrants will also be issued for the arrest of Menches Bros., proprietors of Summit Lake Park, on the same charge. "Not all the ministers of the Evangelical Alliance are in sympathy with the movement begun by the alliance. 