3u1.11" 5, 1894. A_VIIMEZAC.AN SiFIN9PINTEILt. 213 brought out in the investigations of the legislative committee of which Senator Bradley is a member, the police are bribed to wink at violations of the law. Those who pay are permitted to keep open; those who refuse or neglect to contribute regularly are arrested. Thus the law serves only to corrupt the police force. But notwithstanding the use made of the Sunday law already on the statute books, Senator Bradley wants more of the same sort, and told a reporter that he in= tends to introduce a bill at the next ses-sion of the legislature to close everything on Sunday except restaurants and drug storesŠand policemen's ektended palms; the latter cloSe only on a bribe or on the Collar of some poor victim who refuses to "divvy up." "Orthodoxly" Insane. 3ti-gt 18, a bright little school boy was murdered in this city by his father who had become insane by brooding over the death of his wife which had taken place some months previously. The insane father after sending three bullets into his child's brain turned the weapon on him= self. The father was much attached to the boy and the neighbors now recall the fact that he was often heard to remark, " When I go, Walter will go with me." The boy, an exceptionally manly little fellow, was also much attached to his father. The secret of this sad affair is thus told by the World :Š Upon the table at which the distracted father was seated when the tragedy took place was an open hymn book. The covers had been bent back so that it could not close, and inmates of the house now remember that throughout the early afternoon they heard the old man singing the verses of the hymn at which the book was opened. It was entitled " Beautiful Beck-oning Hands," and read as follows:Š Beckoning hands at the gateway to-night, Faces a shining with radiant light, Eyes looking down from your heavenly home, Beautiful hands they are beckoning, come. Beckoning hands of a mother, whose love Sacrificed life its devotion to prove; Hands of a mother, to memory dear, Beckoning higher the waiting ones here. This hymn has always been a favorite with Forshay, but by a singular coincidence he had on Sunday even- ing heard it sung for the first time by its author, Rev. C. C. Luther, who is temporarily filling the pulpit of Dr. Knapp at the Macdougal Street Baptist Church. It was after a visit to his wife's grave at Greenwood Sunday afternoon, that Forshay had taken his youngest boy (he never went anywhere without him) to the church. On their return from church that evening he had taught the bright little boy the hymn, and together they had sung it over many times. So it seems that this utterly unscriptural hymn was responsible in some degree at least for this terrible tragedy. The Bible declares, " The dead , know not anything " (Eccl. 9 : 5); and that " his sons come to honor, and he knoweth it not " (Job 14:21); that " his breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish " (Ps. 146:4); but popular theology teaches, as does the hymn referred to, that the dead are con-scious in heaven beckoning to their friends on the earth. If this were true, and they were so beckoning, and it were possible for those left behind to rejoin the departed by death, what would be more natural than just such an act as that committed by an " orthodoxly " insane father ? THE divorce between Church and State ought to be absolute. It ought to be so absolute that no church property any-where, in any State or in any nation, should be exempt from equal taxation,ŠJames A. Garfield. What Rome Expects. ACCORDING to the Catholic Reading Circle Review, during his recent visit to this city, Mgr. Satolli gave a private interview to Rev. Jacob McMahon, di-rector of the League of the Sacred Heart in the cathedral, here and chairman of the executive committee of the Catholic sum-mer school of America. During the course of the interview the subject of the sublimer school dame Up. Mgr. Satolli said he had heard of that institution of intellectual training and wished to learn fully its objects and methods. He listened very attentively to the explanation offered by Father McMahon, who described in detail the history, the objects and the use-fulness of the school. Mgr. Satolli encouraged him and blest the work, saying : " From the experience that I have gathered in America, I do believe that it is the country of all others in which Catholic truth may have the largest field of action. We only need freedom of speech, and this is most ample in America. I would be very much pleased to see the Catholic summer school incorporate with its object, the presentation to the Ameri-can people of the precise idea of the rela-tions by which is established the harmony between the Church and the State, so much to be desired and so fruitful of good. In this matter I find a great want of knowledge in America. I am speaking about what is commonly called public ecclesiastical law, which precisely deals with the foundation, or better, the essen-tial constitution of the Church and the State, and determines the limits of the action of both authorities in such a way as to prevent the conflicts that unfortun-ately disturb social peace and retard so-cial progress." -0 Leo Invites All to Enter the Fold POPE LEO, in an encyclical letter dated November 7, 1885, reported by cable to the New York Herald, . . . says :Š " We exhort all Catholics to devote care-ful attention to public matters, and take part in all municipal affairs and elections, and all public services, meetings and gath-erings. All Catholics must make them-selves felt as active elements in daily political life in countries where they live. All Catholics should exert their power to cause the constitutions of states to be modeled on the principles of the true church." The pope issued at Rome, January 10, 1890, . . . a letter in which he says :Š " Furthermore, in politics, which are inseparably bound up with the laws of morality and religious duties, men ought always, and in the first place, to serve, as far as possible, the interests of Cathol-icism. As soon as they are seen to be in danger, all differences should cease be-tween Catholics. Since the fate of States depends principally on the disposition of those who are at the head of the govern-ment, the church cannot grant its patron-age or favor to men whom it knows to be hostile to it, who openly refuse to respect its rights; who seek to break the alliance established by the nature of things between religious interests and the interests of the civil order." . . . The pope's encyclical letters of 1885 and 1890 are direct attacks upon the institu-tions of this country, and to them is due the great increased membership of the different patriotic associations.ŠNorth American (Phila.), March 14, 1894. To Open Public Buildings on Sunday. REPRESENTATIVE DURlBOROW, who Was an enthusiastic supporter of the bill pro-viding for the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday, proposes to introduce a bill providing for the opening of the public buildings in this city on Sunday, and for keeping them open until six o'clock on the evenings of the week days. The congress-man says that he expects much opposition from those who believe in the puritanical idea of the Sabbath as the only proper one, but that they will be overthrown, The opposition that the World's Fair Sun-day opening bill met in Congress, Mr, Durborow thinks, will be arrayed against this bill also. He says he is not to be de-terred by the experience of the Fair man-agers, who found that the people would not visit anything on Sunday but the Mid-way Plaisance. " I am led to believe," he says, "by the fact that this city is largely composed of intelligent, progres-sive, and liberal people, that the masses will gladly avail themselves of any chance to obtain pleasure and knowledge at the same time, even though it is to be done on Sunday. If we give the people here the opportunity they will show us that our efforts have not been wasted."Š Washing-ton Cor. N. Y. Sun. Breeders of Infidelity. IF there is any bill that richly deserves to be passed by the present Parliament, it is the one for the abolition of religious prosecutions, which proposes the repeal of certain ancient laws, as, for instance, the law (Act 1 Edward VI.'  c. 1) " against such as shall unreverently speak against the sacrament of the altar; " the section of 1 Elizabeth, c. 2, which is directed against anything in derogation of the Book of Common Prayer; the section of 21 George III., c. 49, directed against Sunday lectures and debates; and so much of the Act of 6 George IV., c. 47, as re-lates to " blasphemy " in Scotland. One would think that the naming of these laws would be all the argument necessary to secure their prompt repeal: yet the Eng-lish Churchman says of the proposal: " Thus the extreme radicalsŠwe hope unconsciouslyŠfurther the interests of Romanism and infidelity." Such laws as these are the outgrowth of Romanism, and the breeders of infidelity.ŠPresent Truth, London. THREE Sundays of closed drug stores have not made the people any more satis-fied with the mayor's narrow ideas of his duty in enforcing the laws. There were more cases last Sunday, where physicians and patients had to send to outside cities to get prescriptions filled. It is difficult to make the friends of those suffering from sickness, very enthusiastic over the " high moral ground " which, we are assured by the mayor's friends, is the sole ground for his enforcement of antiquated Blue Laws.ŠEverett (Mass.) Republican. Reversed. IN the early days of Christianity in the Roman Empire, Christians were perse-cuted for refusing to serve as soldiers. Now a missionary in Japan complains of the action of the chief of the Japanese army in issuing an edict ordering soldiers professing Christianity to leave the ser-vice.ŠPresent Truth, London. 