142 A_IVEU.EVI[C Vol-, 8, No. 18. In the practical question of how to pro-vide with a religious education this sixty per cent. of Catholic children, the whole issue is involved of obtaining the aid of the State to teach religion. Various have been the means by which Rome has sought to obtain an entering wedge that Catholic religion may be taught at the expense of the Government. The enter-ing wedge has been secured; a few sturdy blows have been struck and others will surely and swiftly follow. For when once this bulwark cbf our Nation's great- ness has succumbed to the conniving of this invincible foe, the rest will speedily bend beneath its crushing power. But he further says :Š While we wait for the time far and uncertain when the Government shall endow our parochial schools. . . . shall we permit that sixty per cent. of our children to remain without that instruc-tion (religious education) and shall we entrust them unconditionally with the public schools. Again, the practical question receives farther impetus by the statement that the plan adoptedŠ is an attempt by the episcopate to provide in a cer-tain measure with a good Catholic education that sixty per cent. of our children who are now out of the parochial schools. Thus the practical question assumes through the teA. imony of the instigator of the plan, not only the proposition of State aid for religious purposes, but for Catholic religious purposes and the worst feature of it all is that the plan is in proc-ess of execution. And so it is that while the State is constantly harassed by Protest-ant invasion upon Its principles of lib-erty, there is the Catholic foe tearing at its vitals, and between the combination of these two elements the State, as a civil institution, will surely be slain. C. A. WYMAN. A Methodist on Paganism in Pittsburg. [The following from the Pittsburg Leader is interesting as an earnest expression of the views of one Methodist who very heartily disagrees with the legal enforcement of formal religion. This cor-respondent of the Leader is not the only one of his kind who understands the actual facts in these matters. Why should not more speak ? They can not always hold their peace.] Editor Leader: For some weeks past I have been watching the war that has been raging between the friends of com-mon sense and human rights and the band of fanatics known as the Law and Order League, and I must say that in all my travel, both in this country and Europe, I have never met with a community so in-fested with narrow-minded bigots as Pittsburg and Allegheny. One is carried back to the early part of the fourth century where the so-called Christian Church in Rome had lost its power and influence over the hearts and consciences of men, and in order to per-petuate itself was compelled to resort to civil authority. The Roman emperor was deluged with petitions from friends of the Christian (?) Sabbath demanding the closing of the theaters and circus on that day, because their churches were empty and the places of amusement were well patronized. The gospel, as preached by them, had lost its power ; men had no use for an apostate church which paid so little attention to the plain teaching of the Scriptures, and a clergy who were overly anxious about their own support, determined that if they could not persuade men by the love of God they would whip them in by the  scourge of civil law, and so they, like the law and order leagues of to-day, had a Sunday law passed. History repeats itself, and away down here in the latter end of the nineteenth century, the century of progress and in-crease of knowledge, under a Government that pretends to offer an asylum to the oppressed of every nation, and guarantees freedom of religious thought and worship, we find ourselves burdened with a law that, ought to be relegated to the oblivion of the Dark Ages, and which finds its only basis in the opinions of a few hypocrites who, despite all their religious cant, are afraid of the Bible and wrest it to their own destruction. Upon what are Sunday laws based ? Upon the Scriptures ? No! a thousand times no !! notwithstanding the fact that Rev. R. H. Hood, in his paper on " Sab-bath Reform," read before the United Presbyterian ministers' meeting, actually had the audacity to say that Jesus entered into the sanctuary and healed the sick on Sunday. Hear, oh, ye heavens ! A minister of the gospel, an ambassador of Jesus Christ, defending an unscriptural, unrighteous, un-American institution by such a perversion of the inspired word of a holy God ! Where is the passage in the Bible that states that Jesus Christ en-tered into the synagogue or healed on Sunday ? Luke 6: 1-16 mentions the fact that Jesus Christ entered the syna-gogue and taught and also healed a man on the Sabbath, but was it Rev. Mr. Hood's Sunday ? If so, why did the Pharisees condemn him for it ? Were they as jealous for the sacredness of the pagan holiday of their heathen rulers as modern reformers are ? In all the Bible there is not a single word authorizing the observance of any other day than the one set apart by God as the memorial of creation and which he said should be a " perpetual sign between him and his people." Nor is there a sin-gle instance of any other day being ob-served. The disciples were gathered to-gether in an upper room, their common dwelling-place, with the doors closed for fear of the Jews on the evening of the day of the resurrection, not to celebrate that event, for it is evident from the reproof administered by their risen Lord that they did not believe he had risen. It is plainly evident that there is no scrip-tural basis for Sunday legislation. The next argument used is that the American people have decided to adopt Sunday as the American Sabbath. When ? How? The people can not do anything except through Congress, and that body is, by the Constitution, prohibited from mak-ing laws of a religious character. The people have never adopted Sunday as the national Sabbath. Another argument used is that ordinary traffic on Sunday interferes with religious worship. Let us see. Does the regular business of the week interfere with the Wednesday night prayer-meetings or the daily meetings during a revival season ? No such complaint has ever been made. Did anybody ever hear of a congrega-tion of Hebrews or other Saturday keepers complaining that they were disturbed by the ordinary business that was carried on during their hours of worship ? No ! But it may be that the sneaking, narrow-minded bigots of " Sabbath " reform are made of a better grade than anybody else. As a last resort we are told that a ma-jority of the citizens of this country are  in favor of Sunday laws. I most emphat-ically deny it. Of course if, according to that apostle of bigotry, " Rev." Wilbur F. Crafts, editor of the Christian Statesman, the signatures of two Methodist bishops stand for 4,000,000 of Methodists, and Cardinal Gibbons' indorsement pledges the signatures of 7,500,000 Roman Catho-lics, and 15,000,000 petitioners from Penn-sylvania desire such legislation, is all true, then I will withdraw from the field of battle. But the writer is one of a good many Methodists who believe in the Bible and the Constitution of the United States, who decline to be represented by a bish-op's signature as supporting such un-righteous legislation. I have no objection to a man believing and preaching any doctrine he chooses, but I most strenuously object to his forc-ing his theological views upon the com-munity by means of the civil law, and having been born and reared in this country, the great-grandson of a man who laid down his life for its freedom in the Revolutionary War, I just as decidedly object to taking the advice of a " Sab-bath " reformer to go to some desert island and in the name of His Satanic Majesty and for the sake of the " prince of dark-ness" set up a government of my own. We have a superfluity of Satan's govern-ment under the rule of the " Sabbath " reformers. Allegheny, Pa., April 21, 1893. e.  They Want to Pay Taxes. THE following resolutions, recently adopted by the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists, and re-adopted by the Litchfield church of that denomi-nation speak for themselves :Š WHEREAS, in view of the separation which we believe should exist between the Church and State it is inconsistent for the Church to receive from the State pecuniary gifts, favors or exemptions, therefore, Resolved, That we repudiate the doctrine that church or other ecclesiastical property should be exempt from taxation, and further, Resolved, That we decidedly protest against such exemption, and favor the repeal of such legisla-tion as grants such exemption. ŠLitchfield Independent, Litchfield, Minn. Pennsylvania Sunday Laws and the Press. THE newspapers of the country are be-ginning to have an opinion on the subject of Sunday laws. Below are extracts showing the views of some prominent papers :Š The Law Needs an Overhauling. kman has been arrested and fined in Pittsburg because he owned stock in a paper published on Sunday. An alderman having learned from ob-servation that the fires in the Carnegie works are not entirely extinguished on Sunday, and that men are engaged to watch them, announces his inten-tion to have warrants issued for the arrest of the stockholders in the company. As half the fine goes to the informer the Sunday law opens to a certain class of men a new field for enterprise. All who own shares in a railroad company which runs any trains on Sunday are liable to arrest and fine under the construction of the Sunday law. If some judge would extend the interpretation of the law so as to render all who hold annual passes over a railroad which runs trains on Sunday liable to arrest and fine, the entire legislature might be hauled into the Criminal Court and led to see, per-haps, that the old Sunday law of 1794 would be the better for a little overhauling. ŠPhiladelphia Press. Reciprocity That May Do Good. The Law and Order Society of Pittsburg pro-poses to stop the publication not only of Sunday papers, but of Monday morning papers as well, because most of the labor on the latter is done 