14 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "0, mama, what a dreadful thing !" "Yes, Charlie, it is dreadful; but wait, dear, we have each one been guilty of the same thing. Have we set aside Christ's precepts? Have we let self rule in our own hearts? Have we exalted self above God, and let self, sit in the temple of God showing himself to be our God?" "0 mama," said Charlie, "I didn't know I had made a pope of myself before. What shall I do?" "Humble yourself under the mighty hand of God. Give self up to Christ, and let him subdue the usurper and cast him out. Yield your will up to him who bids you to learn of him meekness and lowliness of heart." "I see so many dreadful things in my life, mama. I am just full of the papacy. I've been trying to be at the head of everything in school, and, 0 mama, I never saw how sinful I was before. Why, I have had the mouth speaking great things. 0 mama, its just as natural as can be to be a pope." _ "So it is, Charlie. 'Catholicism is the religion of hu-man nature,' some one has said. But now, dear, let us not take the next step into its mystery, and do penance and go into purgatory. Rather let us kneel down, con-fess our sins to the Lamb of God, who taketh away all guilt, who will impart to us his spotless righteousness, and reveal himself through us day by day as we trust in him." Mrs. Ross and Charlie knelt to pray, and though tears were on their cheeks, a happy light filled their eyes as they arose. Mrs. Ross went to the 'piano, and they both joined in singingŠ "Rock of ages, cleft,for me, Let me hide myself in thee." F. B. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other U.dividuill. 4. Virewill receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. That Yellow Tab. DOES the yellow tab on your copy of the SENTINEL indicate that the time for which you subscribed has ex-pired? If so, it means that your name will be dropped from the list unless we receive your renewal. Can we not confidently look for it at an early date? SPECIAL OFFER!  THE undersigned has on hand a number of that best of all washing machinesŠThe CycloneŠwhich he will sell at a specially low price. This machine has been adver-tised in this paper for a long time and many families have been blessed by its use. The testimonials in its favor are abundant. Write for a circular and be con-vinced of the merits of the machine, or send $6.50 and get one. Send money by Postal Money Order, Express Money Order, or by bank draft on New York City. This Special Offer will be extended for A SHORT TIME ONLY, and is made exclusively from this office. Address, 'ALFRED MALLETT, 39 Bond St., New York. Illustrating the Travels of Paul. Very useful for Sabbath Schools Especially when studying the Book of Acts. Clear and plain. Size 52x71 inches. Printed on cloth. Regular price, $5. We will send it to any address Postpaid for $4. Order now and get the benefit of a splendid help in the Sabbath School or family. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty lissoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go.. Single Copy, Per Year, $ 1 .00 Six months, .50 tfi " Three " .25 SOMETHING NEW, NEAT, NICE, And neoessa,ry, if you would know, and have others know the COFIPLETE DECALOOUE as , God spake it from Sinai's flaming summit. A CHART 12x18 INCHES. On thick paper, mounted at top and bottom with metal and ready to hang on the wall. Postpaid, 25 Cents. Postage stamps acceptable. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 39 Bond Street, New York. 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. 