258 AMMIECIECA.,N SIO,N,rxximr_A VoL. 11, No. 33. whose fit scepter would be a flimsy reed, and whose fit emblem of kingly authority would be a crown of thorns; or he would put forth his divine power against his hypo-critical subjects, and sweep them out of ex-istence. The latter result would be the one that would follow, for Christ could not reign over unrighteous subjects. We read that the eternal Father has said to his Son, "Thy throne, 0 God, is forever and ever; a scepter of righteousness is the scepter of thy king-dom." Heb. 1:8. Every subject of the King of kings will be righteous. There will be no flaws in his kingdom, no mockery con-nected with his reign. This we know from the Scriptures. The' time will come when Jesus Christ will receive the kingdoms of this world; and when he receives them, he will at once destroy them. That is the only thing he can do with them, tainted as they are with sin. All men have now a chance to repent and be saved from sin, and become by faith the subjects of the kingdom of grace, upon the throne of which Christ now sits. But we are told that the saved will be few, while the great majority will follow the broad road to perdition. The multitudes will prove incorrigible as concerns the purposes of God in the gospel. Sin must finally be removed from God's universe, and the incorrigible sinner must go with it. Then will come the final destruction of things earthly. As it is written in the second psalm: "I will declare the decree: the Lord hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee. Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inher-itance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2: 7-9. Still more pointed is the language of Christ himself concerning the ultimate fate of those who reject his authority, as set forth in the parable of the nobleman and the talents. Christ is the nobleman, who has gone into a far country, having entrusted to all a certain amount of talents. Some trade with these talents and gain other talents, but some view him as an austere man, for whom they have no love. Finally comes the day of reckoning, when the nobleman returns from the far country, and rewards every one according to their works. And then he says concerning such as have refused to accept him: " But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring thither and slay them before me." Luke 19: 27. Christ will reign over his saints; not over sinners. There is an hour which the eternal purpose of God has set over against that hour of mocking in Pilate's hall,Šan hour when Christ will be crowned in glorious reality,Šnot King of this world, for this world will have passed awayŠbut King of that new earth which is to be in this world's place; when, instead of the mocking worship of the rabble, there will be the adoration of saints and angels. And that will be when all the righteous ones of every age shall have been gathered out from all nations, the work of salvation completed, and the redeemed ones forever freed from the power of sin and death. Then in the presence of his redeemed, of the host of heaven, and of the wicked, the crown that far outshines all crowns will be placed upon the head of the Son of God, but not by a human hand. The men who crowned him with thorns in Pilate's hall, will see him crowned upon the Father's throne. The misguided ones who have thought to make him this world's king by their own vain methods, will see him crowned King, in God's own appointed time and way, of that new  earth which is to be the eternal inheritance of the saints. Let us not join in the vain effort to usher in the kingdom of God through the " gate-way of politics." Let us not be participants in any mock coronation of Jesus Christ. s. - 4  FINE DISCRIMINATION. FROM some facts which have come to light recently in Albany, N. Y., it appears that the " Law and Order League." of that place manifest a fine sense of discrimination in dealing with desecrators of Sunday. On the first Sunday in January last this League, aided by the police, prevented the delivery of an address on " patriotic " themes which was to have been given by a non-Catholic, on the ground that it was against the law to open a licensed house on Sunday. Only two weeks previously, however, the Le-land Opera House was used for an entertain-ment by the " Sisters of the Dominican Con-vent," with an admission fee of fifty cents. And in April last, handbills were distributed announcing a "living picture" entertainment in the same house, to be given by the "Choir of the Holy Cross Church," Sunday evening, April 12, which was held without opposition. Sunday evening shows are also given in Union Hall, a licensed house, by Roman Catholics, with an admission fee, which are apparently not considered as violations of the Sunday "law." The Sunday (" Law and Order ") league of Albany and similar organizations elsewhere show a certain sort of discreetness in not at-tempting to enforce their ideas of " Sabbath observance " upon representatives of the Pa-pacy, that power being itself the oldest and highest authority on the subject of observing Sunday. What Rome sanctions on that point it will be useless for " Protestant" be-lievers in Sunday enforcement to oppose. s. -0- POLITICS AND CITIZENSHIP. THE sphere of politics should not be con-founded with that of citizenship. A citizen may or may not be a politician, Citizenship is based upon that which all men have natu-rally in common; politics is based upon that which men do not have in common. It is based upon the differences in belief which men have with respect to the interests of the State. It derives its life from them. We are naturally in the sphere of the one; volenta-rily, if at all, in that of the other. We can hardly avoid the sphere of citizen-ship. We come into it by birth. We may say that we are not citizens here; nevertheless we are reckoned such by the State. The na-tional Constitution declares that "All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citi-zens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside." We are not the au-thors of our citizenship. We are not com-missioned with authority to define, alter, or abolish it. We find it waiting us, defined and fixed by a power altogether beyond us, upon our advent into the.  world. We take it, like many other things, as we find it. There is no duty resting upon us to do other-wise. It is not our task to defend all things which this relation has been made to cover, by the accepted principles or usages of civil govern-ment. We are not obliged to give our sanc-tion to the "legal fiction" which is interwoven  into the theories upon which civil government is conducted; least of all could we sanction all that has been done by men in the name of civil government. But we are obliged to recognize the relation which we sustain to our fellowmen as individual members of the human family, and we are bound by the obligations which grow out of it. It is because of these obligations that civil government exists. Civil government takes cognizance of natural rights. It was ordained of God for this pur-pose; and it is out of this that the relation of citizenship arises. Whether one is a Christian or not, his rela-tion is the same to the civil power. It is true that Christianity confers another and higher citizenship, which is not of this earth; but that fact does not alter the conditions to which we are subject here, any more than it changes at once "these vile bodies" to bodies of glory and immortality. The sphere of civil govern-ment and that of Christianity are altogether separate. It would be proof to the contrary were the acceptance of Christianity to affect a man's relation to the civil power. The Christian, in common with all other men, is under obligation to be subject to the "powers that be." It is a truth, which Christians should be no less ready than others to accept, that " all men . . . are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights;" and that " to secure these rights, governments are in-stituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." So speaks the Declaration of Independence, and in this it presents the doctrine of individualism in civil government, corresponding to that indi-vidualism which the gospel asserts in the sphere of religion. The Christian has the same natural, " unalienable rights " that are possessed by others; the espousal of Chris-tianity takes none of these rights away. They are as necessary to his welfare as to the wel-fare of others. It is essential to him, no less than to others, that they should be preserved; and civil government being God's ordained means for their preservation, it is proper that he should accept the guardianship of the civil power over those rights, and conform to the requirements necessary to its existence. Paul, the Christian, was a Jew of Tarsus, "a citizen of no mean city" (Acts 21:39). Through him the Spirit of Omniscience tes-tifies to Christians concerning the duty of being in subjection to the higher powers, as unto the "minister of God." This of course refers only to the exercise of that power which God ordained, for God does not appoint any power to minister against himself. The power which God has ordained is that power necessary to the preservation of natural rights. The Christian should be no less concerned about the preservation of his neighbor's rights than of his own. The spirit of his religion teaches him to seek the good of others. He may therefore be expected to be a loyal sup-porter of civil government, that being the means by which the good of the human race is conserved in the important matter of their rights. Even should he say that, as a Christian, he looks to God for the preserva-tion of his own rights, he will not be so sel-fish as to forget the rights of his neighbor who is not a Christian. He will uphold, to the extent of his power, the means which God has established in the earth to preserve the rights and privileges of those who acknowledge him not. But when we enter the field of politics, we tread on uncertain ground. We wander among divergent paths, each leading appar-ently to the goal of temporal welfare. We 