306 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. In fact, the Judge plainly says, that if it were within his province to decide that question, he would have no difficulty in thinking that King was wrongfully con-victed, and that there is not any founda-tion for the ruling of the Supreme Court of Tennessee that it is a common law nui-sance to work in one's fields on Sunday. But, although he distinctly says that King was wrongfully convicted, and the State Court wrongfully decided when it con-firmed his conviction, yet, as it rests ex-clusively with the State Court to decide what is common law in the State, and as the State court has decided that such is common law, it does not belong to the United States Court to overrule the State decisions; and therefore he must decide that though the thing was wrongfully done, yet it is due process of law. As the case is to be reviewed by a higher court, it is not necessary for us to spend any time now discussing the point of law. And even though we should take the time to discuss it, we should not feel disposed to differ from the conclusion reached by the Judge. Not so, however, with the other part of the decision. After having examined the point of law, he turns to a discussion of the principles which were involved inŁthe arguments of counsel. And it is with the Judge's dictum, thus set forth, that we propose to deal. And it is necessary to do this, quite largely too, because the positions taken, and the propositions set forth, by the Judge, are so sweeping, and are so directly opposed to Christian and American principles, that it becomes the duty of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL to re-view the dictum in detail. The Judge proceeds to give his views as to what is the true measure of freedom of religious liberty, which is contemplated and guaranteed by the Constitution of Tennessee. He says that in the State of TennesseeŠ sectarian religious belief is guaranteed by the Con-stitution, not in the sense argued here, that King, as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another, as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legislation in the matter of Sunday observance; but only in the sense that he himself should not be disturbed in the practices of his creed; which is quite a differ-ent thing from saying that in the course of his daily labor . . . he might disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects. That is to say, a man may belong to a sect; that sect may have a creed; they may practice according to that creed, and may not be disturbed in such practice. But at the same time, they must conform to the laws made in aid of the religion of other sects, who have control of legisla-tion. For instance, a man may be a Baptist. He may practice the precepts of the Bap-tist creed, but if the Methodists should have _ control of legislation, they could oblige the Baptists by law to conform to  the precepts of the Methodist creed. Or one company of people might be Meth-odists, another Baptists, another Quakers, and so on; but if the Roman Catholics only had control of legislation, and should enact laws enforcing Roman Catholic doc-trines and precepts, then the Baptists, Methodists, Quakers, etc., would all be obliged to conform to the Roman Catholic precepts, as by law required. And al-though protected in the undisturbed practice of their own creeds, none of these dissenting sects would be in any wise at liberty to disregard the laws made in aid of the religion of the Roman Cath-olic sect. And such, according to Judge Ham-mond's views, is the freedom of religious belief guaranteed by the Constitution of Tennessee. That we have not miscon-strued the Judge's meaning, is made clear by a further extract, as follows:Š If a non-conformist of any kind should enter the church of another sect, and those assembled there, were required, every one of them, to comply with a certain ceremony, he could not discourteously refuse, because his mode was different, or because he did not believe in the divine sanction of that ceremony, and rely upon this constitutional guar-antee to protect his refusal. This is precisely the measure of freedom of religious belief that was " guaranteed " or allowed under the Puritan theocracy of New England. The Congregational Church had control of legislation. It embodied Congregationalist doctrines in the law, and required every one to conform to them. And every one was required to go to church. The Baptists and Quakers did not believe in the divine sanction of those ceremonies. They therefore refused to comply. Their refusal, of course, was counted "discourteous." This discourtesy was made criminal, because it was indeed a violation of the law. They were first fined, but they refused either to pay the fines, or to comply with the required cere-monies. They were then whipped; still they refused. , They were then banished, and yet they refused, and the Quakers even refused to be banished. Then they were hanged, and yet those who still lived would not comply with the required cere-monies. And they had no constitutional guaranty to protect them in their refusal. And now says Judge Hammond, in Tennessee, " If a non-conformist of any kind refuses to comply with a certain cere-mony required of every one by another sect which has control of legislation, there is no constitutional guaranty to protect his refusal." That is to say, according to this view, in Tennessee to-day, there is no con-stitutional guaranty of any freedom of religious belief beyond that which was allowed in New England two hundred and fifty years ago. And thus would Judge Hammond throw open the field of legislation to whatever religious denomination may secure con-trol of it, and justifies .such denomination in the use of the power thus gained to  compel every one to conform to the relig-ious ceremonies in which that sect be-lieves, and which it practices. In fact, the very expressions used contemplate an established religion. The Judge uses the phrase, "If a non-conformist of any kind," etc. The term " non-conformist " implies an established religion, which creates conformists, and whoever refuses assent, thereby becomes a "non-conformist." And in the view of this dictum, such non-conformist has no constitutional guaranty of protection. The logical deduction from the two ex-tracts which we have here presented is that enforced conformity to religious ob-servances is just. These two extracts would logically justify persecution by any sect that can secure control of legislation. Nor are we left to make this logical de-duction ourselves, The Judge himself plainly declares it, as follows:Š If the human impulse to rest on as many days as one can have for rest from toil is not adequate, as it usually is, to secure abstention from vocations on Sunday, one may, and many thousands do, work on that day, without complaint from any source. But if one ostentatiously labors for the purpose of emphasizing his distaste for, or his disbelief in, the custom, he may be made to suffer for his defi-ance BY PERSECUTIONS, if you call them so, on the part of the gieat majority, who will compel him to rest when they rest. This is about the clearest statement of the doctrine of persecution that we have ever seen. We have read considerably on the subject of religion and the State. We have read the account of persecutions through all the ages from the cross of Christ until this day, and we do not re-member any instance in which the doc-trine of persecution was positively avowed in words. Enforced religious observance and all those things, have been advocated, defended, and justified, of course, but those who did it, would not allow that it was persecution. In this day of the nine-teenth century, however, and in this case, all pretense of denial is thrown aside, and the doctrine of persecution itself, as such, is distinctly avowed and justified, both in arguments and in words. The doctrine of persecution is bad enough in all conscience, when it is ad-vocated as something else than what it really is; but when it is distinctly avowed and justified in so many words, intention-ally and by authority, then it is far worse. The doctrine of persecution is bad enough when it is preached by religious bigots under cover of something else; but when it is openly set forth in words, and justi-fied, from the judicial bench of the Gov-ernment of the United States, then it is infinitely worse. From the extracts here given, it is evi-dent that the freedom of religious belief contemplated in the dictum of Judge Hammond, is entirely compatible with a religious despotism. And it is equally evident that the position therein taken, justifies all persecution from the cruci-fixion of Christ to the case at bar. 