298 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ of the kingdom of Christ as much to send just now rifles and ammunition to Greece as it is to send Bibles and hymn books to the Congo.' He wants himself to send money enough to buy a few bullets; and he does not believe 'that it would be wrong to pray that if it be God's will each one of them might be an instrument for righteousness.' " And this clergyman professes to stand before the people as the representative of Him whose doctrine is, "Love your enemies." If the general sentiment of Chris-tendom were not grossly perverted on this point from the teaching of the gospel, would it be possible for a Christian clergyman seriously to give utterance to such utterly heathen sentiments in the name of Chris-tianity? Precedents Against Government Concessions to a Church. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : Please put on record in your valuable paper the following from the Veto Messages of the Presidents of the United States. February 21', 1811, President James Madison sent to the House of Representatives the following veto:Š "Having examined and considered the bill entitled An Act incorporating the Protestant Episcopal church in the town of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, I now return the bill to the House of Representatives, in which it originated, with the following objections:Š "Because the bill exceeds the rightful authority to which governments are limited by the essential distinc-tion between civil and religious functions, and violates in particular the article of the Constitution of the United States, which declares that `Congress shall make no law respecting a religious establishment.' This bill enacts into and establishes by law sundry rules and proceedings relative purely to the organization and policy of the church incorporated. . . . This particular church, therefore, would so far be a religious establishment by law, a legal force and sanction being given to certain articles in its constitution and administration. . . . Because the bill vests in the said incorporated church an authority to provide for the support of the poor and the education of poor children of the same; an authority which, being altogether superfluous, if provision is to be the result of pious charity, would be a precedent for giv-ing to religious societies as such, a legal agency in carry-ing into effect a public and civil duty. "JAMES MADISON." February 23, 1811, the above veto message was sus-tained by the House by a vote of 74 to 29 (see " Veto Messages," page 11). February 28, 1811, the President sent to the House the following veto :Š "Having examined and considered the bill entitled `An Act for the relief of Richard Ferom, William Coleman, Robert Lewis, Samuel Mimms, Joseph Wilson, and the Baptist church at Salem meeting house in the Mississippi territory,' I now return the same to the House of Repre-sentatives in which it originated, with the following ob-ections:Š "Because the bill, in reserving a certain parcel of land of the United States for the use of said Baptist church, comprises a principle and precedent for the appropria-tion of funds of the United States for the use and support of religious societies, contrary to the article of the Con-stitution which declares that Congress shall make no law respecting a religious establishment. "JAMES MADISON." March 3, 1811, the House sustained the President's veto by a vote of 55 to 33. In view of these precedents, the Secretary of War should immediately rescind his recent inconsiderate and unlawful order granting the Roman Catholic church the privilege of erecting a church on ground at West Point, belonging to the United States. Can a cabinet officer do what Congress could not do? WILLIAM BIRNEY. Washington, May 6, 1897. RELIGION in politics means the Church in politics, and the Church in politics means a facsimile of the papacy. Rome, the Anglo-Saxons, and the World. From "Present Truth," London, Eng. IN the Catholic Times, of April 9, the Rev. William Barry, D. D. tells the reason why the authorities of the Roman Catholic church gave permission not only to the laity, but also to the younger clergy, to attend the Eng-lish universities. He says:Š "It was felt that if we aimed at a wide diffiusion of our principles and doctrines among the cultivated classes, we could not any more stand aloof from them; we must take our place in English society, gain some experience of the men whom we desired to influence, and no longer stay within the intrenchments that, most serviceable or necessary in their day, had still kept us at a distance from the social life of our fellow-countrymen." A little further on in the same article comes the fol-lowing frank and bold statement of Rome's aims and hopes with regard to England:Š "There are at least one hundred millions of people who speak the English tongue; some three hundred mill-ions more fall under their influence; almost a third of the earth's surface lies within the English sphere; and, as we are proud of reminding one another, Britannia rules the waves.' In a letter which is now lying before me, signed by one of the most eminent, dignitaries in Christendom, I find the conviction set down that 'the English-speaking nations will dominate the world, and that if the Church is to exercise her proper sway in gaining the ear and the heart of the English and American people, her supremacy will be secured.' Impressive words, which carry with them a high privilege and a momentous duty! "Instead of the Imperial Romans, whom Christianity made its own fifteen hundred years ago, have come the world-subduing Britons. Their genius, literature, laws and methods are peculiar to themselves, yet have not a little in common with the mediaeval spirit, while they fur-nish an amazing contrast to the despotic, centralising, 