OCTOBER 10, 1895. AM   11-4,IFET CAN SViNrININEta. 31/ THAT RESOLUTION AT SARATOGA. [Rev. E. T. Hiseox, D. D., in Western Recorder (Bap-tist), Sept. 19.] CONSIDERABLE interest was excited during the late Saratoga meetings by a resolution ex-pressive of sympathy with the Seventh-day Baptists, who, for several years past, have been subjected to prosecutions, fines and im-prisonment in several of the States, particu-larly in the South, because of their secular labors on Sunday, they observing Saturday as their Sabbath. The resolution was offered by Dr. Wayland, first before the Home Mission Society, by which it was finally laid on the table, and then before the Publication Soci-ety by which, after a spirited debate, it was enthusiastically passed and substantially by a unanimous vote. The resolution not only expressed sympathy for the sufferers, in such cases, but severely and justly condemned the existence of laws inflicting such penalties on any class of citizens because they worship God in a manner different from their fellow-citizens but according to their consciences and their understanding of God's word. The rejection of the resolution by the Home Mission Society was most unfortunate, because it gave occasion for some to suppose that they favored the enactment and execution of laws compelling men to observe Sunday as a Chris-tian holy day, even though they may honestly believe that the seventh day is still by divine appointment the Sabbath of the Lord our God. Such, however, was not the case. It was said by some that the facts were not well ascertained, and that statements made by the public press were not trustworthy, and they had better wait. When, however, it came before the Publication Society, though the persons acting were largely the same as acted in the other society, yet the debate took a wider range, and the principles in-volved, rather than the specific acts of per-secution, were emphasized, with the result as stated. It is well known by intelligent readers of the religious as well as the secular press that not unfrequently, for years past, persons who observed Saturday as a Sabbath have been prosecuted for secular labor on Sunday as a violation of some State law requiring absti-nence from such labor, except works of char-ity or necessity. Such laws are intended to preserve the sanctity of Sunday as the day commonly regarded and observed as the Chris-tian sabbath. The Seventh-day Baptists, in common with the Jews, hold that the seventh, and not the first day of the week, is the day divinely appointed for a Sabbath, and that that command has never been abrogated. Therefore they observe it conscientiously as such, and attend to their worldly affairs on Sunday, as others do theirs on Monday. Moreover, they insist, and rightly, that the Constitution gives every man the right to hold and exercise such forms of faith and worship as he may choose without hindrance or ex-posure to harm. And further, that all laws which abridge the freedom of faith and wor-ship are not only unrighteous, but uncon-stitutional. Within the present year, it is asserted, per-sons have been arrested and suffered civil pen- alties for secular labor on Sunday in Maryland, Tennessee, Georgia, Mississippi, Florida, Mas-sachusetts and Illinois. Not less than two hundred and seventy days' imprisonment have been suffered by different persons for these so-called offenses. One man in Georgia was condemned to the chain-gang as penalty for his offense, but some unknown friend paid his fine, which he refused to pay, and saved  him from the disgrace. And saved Georgia from the disgrace of its infliction, it may also be said. One man in Maryland served thirty days in a prison cell for setting out tomato plants on Sunday. No true Baptist can contemplate such acts as any other than most disgraceful, and a shame to our civilization. It recalls the per-secutions of our fathers in New England and Virginia, who endured a great fight of afflic-tion, fines, imprisonment, even to the whip-ping post, because they would worship God contrary to perverse and iniquitous human laws. No man is worthy to share the honor of Baptist history who will not protest against applying civil penalties to dissent, or attempt-ing to make conformity compulsory in matters of faith and worship. If men have wrong religious notions, convince them by argument and not by thumb-screws, or prison cells, or chain-gangs, or whipping-posts. The Seventh-day Baptists I have known from my childhood up, and no more peace-able, orderly and well conducted class of cit-zens can be found. As religionists they are conscientious, devout, and loyal to their con-victions. And they suffer more inconvenience and temporal disadvantage for their religious views than any other class of citizens. And it has never been proven true, as sometimes enviously declared, that they take special pains to make their work on Sunday offensive to their neighbors who keep sacred that day. They do, as of course they must, carry on their farms, their work shops, their factories on Sundays. But having known and lived in the midst of them for years, I believe they do it as quietly as their " first-day neigh-bors" do theirs on Saturday. If they should make themselves disturbers of the peace, there is in every community a legal remedy. The Seventh-day Adventists constitute a separate and distinct denomination, of whom I know nothing by personal experience and ob-servation. The charge has been made repeat-edly against these people as taking peculiar pains to disturb Sunday and annoy those who wished to keep it holy. As to the truth of such charges I know nothing. But we protest against persecution for conscience' sake, and every man has equal rights with all others to such faith and worship as he may choose, so long as he invades the rights of no one else in the exercise of such rights. . Š AN OLD PROVERB IN A NEW DRESS. BY W. M. HERD. SOME fifteen or twenty years ago the follow-ing phrase was frequently repeated and often quoted in the newspapers: " A bad law is more honored in the breach than in the ob-servance." Strangely enough, it seems to be good cur-rency no longer; or, at least, we see and hear nothing of it since the preachers have taken hold of the law-enforcing business. I do not know the author of this maxim, but believe it to be at least fifty years old. While in form it is not strictly correct, the idea intended to be conveyed is a good one; for, although one cannot possibly honor a law by breaking it, nor do honor to the law-mak-ing power in any such manner, yet it must be conceded that it is more honorable to break a bad law than to observe it. Otherwise, Daniel and his three friends, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, should have waited for the bad laws to be repealed before they dared to disobey them. So also, the apostles, if modern clergymen are right,  should have disobeyed the injunction of the angel when he said, " Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life; " for, had not the rulers, and elders, and scribes, and the chief priests, decided that it was unlawful to do that very thing that the angel commanded? The rulers commanded one thing; God, through his angel, commanded the very oppo-site. Ought the apostles to have waited until the unjust decision was reversed, before they obeyed God? Nay, verily; they created pub-lic sentiment in their favor by refusing to heed the unjust dictum, and, although, by " due process of law," they were put in prison, the angel of the Lord opened the prison doors and brought them out and commanded them to repeat the very act for which they had been imprisoned! When asked why they had disregarded the command of the council, they replied, " We ought to obey God rather than men." And that doctrine is just as good for Christians to follow in the United States of America, in the present year of grace, as it was in Jerusalem in A. D. 31. They would rather die than conform to any law that would interfere with their duty to God, and real Christians to-day have the same mind. Any.law which interferes with a man's religion, when his religion does not lead him to trespass on the equal rights of any other individual, is a bad law; bad in its in-ception, bad in its enforcement, bad in every way. And chief among such laws in the earth to-day, are those which make it a crime to do honest labor on Sunday, thus elevating, as far as civil government can do it, the first day of the week above all other days, and thus discriminating in favor of those whose reli-gious prejudices lead them to regard that day as holy. Therefore, I would like to see the old maxim, modified a little, obtain popular currency again. Thus: the breach of a bad law is more honorable than its observance. SECULAR ORGANIZATIONS ORGANIZATIONS NOT A MEANS OF GRACE. [From " The Limit of the Church's Power to Make Declarations," by Francis P. Mullally, D. D.] It has been said that secular societies oper-ating for moral ends are often great helps to the Church in respect to her spiritual work, and that, therefore, the Church should ally herself with them. If this argument in favor of secular deliver-ances on the part of the Church is good in one given case, then it is good in an argument in favor of the handling by the Church of all secular matters. Money helps the Church, therefore the Church may tell her people how to make money, and laud the successful ac-cumulator of riches. Health helps the Church, therefore it should make scientific deliverances on hygiene and maleria mediea ; and therefore the benefit of education author-izes ecclesiastical deliverances on the best sys-tem of government for schools and colleges and universities, and on pedagogy and kin-dred topics in general. Dr. Thornwell's answer to this plea for secularity in pulpits and judicatories is con-clusive. Writing to his friend, the Rev. John Douglass, he says, speaking directly in relation to temperance societies: " I regard them as secular enterprises for temporal good, having no connection whatever with the kingdom of Christ, a mere embalming of the corpse to arrest the progress of putrifaction. In this light I think it well that the potsherds of the earth engage in them. They are a great serv- 