322. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. cial bench of the United States, which not only, says that the observers of Sunday hold to their advantage in spite of the arguments for religious freedom, and in spite of all the progress that has been made in the absolute separation of Church and State, but justifies the whole pro-ceeding; and in the face of the Constitu-tion of the United States, and of the State of Tennessee, refuses to relieve a citizen of the United States from this spiteful church oppression, and which declares that an effort to obtain a judicial decision in favor of a. civil right to disregard an enforced religions observance is "quite useless." It is therefore certain that so far as the jurisdiction of the United States Court, in which' Judge Hammond presides, extends, the warnings and the position of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL in regard to the coming denial of the free exercise of re-ligion in the. United States are completely confirmed. We do not present this as proof that the position of THE SENTINEL is correct, for we have known that just as well from the first day of THE SENTINEL'S existence -as we know it now; but we present it for the purpose, if possible, of awaking those who have counted the efforts of THE SENTINEL as misdirected, to the fact that recognition of the civil right of the free exercise of religious belief, is almost, if not altogether, a thing of the past when-ever that question is brought to a positive test. " The proper appeal is to the Legisla-ture," says the Judge. Well,, suppose Mr. King should make his appeal to the Legislature. And suppose the Legisla-ture, in order to take the broadest and strongest ground that it were possible to take, and to settle the question forever, should enact a law declaring in so many words that in the State of Tennessee, "no human authority can in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and no preference shall ever be given by law to any relig-ious  establishment or mode of worship." Suppose the Legislature should do this, what would it amount to ? Just nothing at all, and for two reasons. First: ,The whole people of Tennessee, in their State Constitution, their supreme law, which is above the Legislature itself, have already - made this declaration. And yet " in spite " of it the Sunday observers have se-cured control of legislation. and by this have presumed to interfere with and con-trol the rights Of conscience, and to give preference by law to their mode of wor-ship. And if the. Legislature, shoUld enact a similar or any other law on the subject they would do: the same thing in spite of that. Despising the supreme law, they certainly would not hesitate to despise an inferior 4ws Secondly : Any such law would amount to nothing; because- the Sunday observers  would not' only despise and override it, but the courts both State and United States, so far, are partisans of the Sunday observers and justify their spiteful pro-cedure. Consequently if the Legislature were to enact such a law, application of the law would certainly be disputed by the Sunday observers. And no appeal could be made to the courts, for the Judge has already decided that an appeal to the court is " quite useless." Any wish or attempt to appeal to the court would therefore be met again ,by the Judge's dictum, "the proper appeal is to the Leg-islature." In view of this doctrine, therefore, it is proper to inquire, What is either court or Constitution for ? If the Legislature is supreme, and if the only proper appeal in any question of rights is to the Legisla-ture, then what is the use of either court or Constitution ? This point once more sets forth Judge Hammond's dictum as utterly contrary to the American prin-ciple of government, and as inculcating in its stead the British principle of the omnipotence of the legislative power. But such is not the American principle. The American principle is the supremacy of the people, not the supremacy of the Government; the omnipotence of the people, not of the legislative power. Rights and liberties belong to the people. In their Constitutions the people have set limits to the legislative power, that the rights of the people may not be invaded. And. the State Supreme Courts and the United States Courts are estab-lished to stand between the Legislature and the people, and to decide upon the constitutionality of the acts of the Legis-ture. In other words, to decide whether the Legislature has kept within the limits which have been set by the people in the provisions of the Constitution; to decide whether the rights of the people have been respected or invaded. Therefore, as it is the province of the State Supreme Courts, and of the United States Courts, to review the acts of the , Legislature, it follows that these courts are the sources of appeal, and the only sources. The proper appeal, therefore, is not to the Legislature, but to the courts. The Constitutions of the several States and of the United States declare the rights of the people, as citizens of the. United States, and of the several States,,and in no case is it .proper to appeal to the Leg-islature, in any question as to the rights thus declared. To appeal to the Legisla-ture is in itself to surrender the free ex-ercise of the right; that moment the free' exercise of the right is admitted to be a matter to be regulated solely by the ma- i jority, and is surrendered entirely to the dictates of 'the majority. It is true this is entirely consistent with the other statements of the Judge's dic-tum, and is in harmony with his view of "sectarian -freedom of religipus belief."  That is, that the majority may rule in re-ligious things, and that there is no right of dissent from the religious views and opinions enforced by law, in favor of whatever denomination may secure con-trol of legislation. But such is not the American idea of the civil right of dis-sent. As we have before proved, the Amer-ican principle is the principle of the in-dividual right of religious belief; of the individual right of the free exercise of conscience; of the right of the individual to dissent from every religious view of anybody else, and utterly to disregard every religious ceremony, however such ceremony may be regarded by others; the right to refuse to comply with any requirement of any sect, or to conform to any religious ceremony, by whomsoever required. It is the individual right of freedom from any and every provision of law that anybody would invoke for the recognition or enforcement of any relig-ious observance whatever. This is the right asserted in the Consti-tution of Tennessee when it declares that " no human authority can in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and no preference shall ever be given by law to any relig-ious establishment or mode of worship." It is the right asserted in the United States Constitution, where it is declared that " no religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office of public trust under the United States," and that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Such is the American idea of the indi-vidual right to disregard the religious ob-servances of the majority. But when the very courts, both State and United States, which have been established to protect the constitutional rights of the citizen from invasion by an impudent and spite-ful.majority, abdicate their functions and take the side of the oppressors and justify the oppression, what refuge remains to the citizen ? What protection to the mi-nority ? None whatever. Every protec-tive barrier is broken down; every ref-uge is swept away. Happily there is yet an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States. But suppose that Court confirms the doctrine of the Circuit Court, WHAT THEN ? A. T. J. LET the church members and ministers refuse to patronize Sunday cars and Sun-day newspapers if they believe that day sacred; let the former in their homes, and the latter from their pulpits, educate the people to reverence what they believe sacred, =but let these ministers not be al-lowed to put upon CongreSs and the courts the work for which they are pakt ŠBev. H. B. Maurer. 