670 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 5. "THE principle you have so far advocated, Cecil, is the principle of human nature, as I, have said before. The natural man runs straight into the one groove that your arguments lead to,Šone common mould in government and religion, or rather a government that includes civility and religion, and finally culminates in a one-man power." "Well, Aleck, if that's the trend of human nature, why not let it develop, bud, blossom, and go to seed?" asked Cecil. "That is just what it would do if it were allowed to run its natural course. But going to seed would not mean a future harvest. Its seed would be the seed of death and destruction. The love that would save us from ourselves, has devised for us better things, and has introduced another nature that runs to methods infi-nitely higher. God 'counts every man a king, and re-spects individuality. Each soul, if he will receive it, may have a power by which he becomes fully able to gov-ern himself." "Come, now, Aleck, that's a beautiful theory; but the mass of men are no more capable of governing them-selves than are beasts. The history of the world proves it to be so. Take the very time of which we have already spoken. Look at Rome. The time was when it was re-publican, and every man had right to the franchise, the opportunity of coming to the front. How long did it last? Men sold themselves, not simply because they were compelled to, but because it was in them to do it. I tell you, Aleck, I believe in the survival of the fittest, and think that men are qualified, some to rule and some to serve." "No doubt, Cecil, men are fitted for different posi-tions; but let us strike into the principle I have spoken of. You say these men sold themselves because it was in them to do so, and that the mass of men are incapable of self-government." "Yes, that is what I said." "I hold that the very lowest of these low men would have been equal to the task of self-government, equal to overcoming all that was degrading in the Roman gov-ernment, if he had taken hold of the power provided by God for him to save him from what he was naturally". "Whew!" exclaimed Cecil. "Give me an example of such a victory by such power." "First, let us take a look at Rome. The Patrician class had come to wealth, the 'Plebs' to utter poverty and slavery. The republic had become imperial. The world was under Rome, and he who had most money or most influence took the highest place. Provinces were farmed for taxes, and the whole system was one of op-pression. You must acknowledge that the condition of the masses was anything but cheerful or comfortable." "0, I don't know," said Cecil. "They were reason-ably sure of food from the state. They were incapable of procuring it for themselves; so what better could they ask?" "What, could it be tolerant to men to come to the state granary, as so many pigs to a trough? And this, too, with the hastening conviction that they should come for blood some day instead of bread?" "0 not to men, surely; but these people by their own concessions had degraded themselves out of the image of manhood. We can see this same class growing on us to-day." "Well, the principle I hold to would have restored to them the image of manhood, and would have freed them from the necessity of going to the trough." "I am waiting for your example," said Cecil. "My example is Jesus of Nazareth." "But, Aleck, is that fair? Christ was not in conflict with Rome." "Indeed he was." "But he was always an example to men, at least, so I hear." "Indeed he was, by virtue of the very principle, or power of which I am speaking. He said, 'Of mine own self I can do nothing."' "But was he not independent of the state for a living?" "Certainly, but it was by virtue of the principle; for in this world's goods be was the very poorest of men, and had not where to lay his head." "How does your principle provide for a man's tem-poral wants?" "By the power of God. In fact, the principle throws the whole being on God. In practice it is God and the soul only. God says, 'Seek ye first the kingdom of God [mark you, not the kingdom of Rome] and his righteous-ness, and all these things shall be added unto you."' "The Plebs who would have tried your principle would have had a testing time, I think." "Their faith would not have been disappointed." "But now tell me how Christ was in conflict with Rome?" "By this very principle of being sustained from above, of being accountable to God, and to him only." "But it was the Jews who came in conflict with him." "Yes, both Jews and Romans; but the principle that brought them in conflict was the principle of divine amenability. He came in conflict with the human prin- 