AMERICAN SENTINEL. 685 The Civic-Philanthropic Conference. BY FRANCIS E. BOLT.1N. THE Civic Philanthropic Conference has just closed its second annual session, at Battle Creek, Mich. A very widespread, intelligent interest has been awakened in the social and economic problems of the day by the able presentations of the prevailing conditions in city, village and rural districts. The speakers were not only men of ability, culture, and practical experience, but were also of earnest pur- pose, thoroughly alive to the perils of society, thor-oughly possessed with the spirit of doing something to lift the low, to ameliorate the sorrows of the unfortunate, and to carry into the world the salt of practical love and salvation. Rev. David J. Burrill, D. D., pastor of the Collegiate Reform Church, New York, was general presiding officer. The chair, was yielded under special topics to Hon. S. M. Jones, mayor of Toledo, to Wm. E. Quine, M. D., of Chicago, and to others. The question of the betterment of the World was dealt with under the general heads of Socialism, Sanita-tion, Education, Christianity, and Law. Under the head of Socialism the discussion covered the following topics: "social settlements," "systematic charities," "the so-cial field," "a socialist's confession of faith," "the co-operative idea," "the wage earner, "social needs of rural districts," "social regeneration," "charity and co-ordination of social forces." Under Sanitation, fifty prominent physicians dis-cussed "public and personal hygiene," "proper dietet-ics," "city and country sanitation," "contagious dis-eases," and related themes. Under Education, prominent educators discussed "the newer education," "the school of the future," and kindred topics. Under Christianity, "the church and the masses," "the economics of Christianity," "district nursing," "relation of the Christian ministry to civic questions," "the Christian conscience and socialism," "social re-forms of the Bible," "my brother," an "every day church," "the ministry of neighborliness," " Christly personal ministry," were considered. The legal side was dealt with under the topic that the state of the law is the true test of a nation's progress. While there was some variance in the theories of reform, there was the utmost unanimity in picturing the state of the world as progressing in sorrow, sin and crime. Not that anyone declared this in so many words, but it was the logic of all the arguments and statistics. While crime, poverty and suffering is growing in our large cities, villages also are becoming degraded, and country districts losing their independence. On the other hand, capital is growing in power; and luxuriance and extravagance make painful the contrast between the  rich and the poor. Many predicted an inevitable clash of no small dimensions between the laborer and the capitalist. The world in the past has suffered from the same causes, and has reaped the results in revolution that are promised in the strife of to-day; but never have the conditions existed that do to-day, Making the outcome more bitter and inevitable. In the past an undersupply has necessitated the underfeeding of the less fortunate; but to-day, because of the increase of commodities through machine power, men are thrown from their positions, and labor has depreciated. The capitalist becomes the hoarder of over-production, and while his granaries are bursting, his factories packed, the unemployed go hungry and unclothed. The general deduction from the discussion of social conditions, was, a fast onsweeping revolution. Social-ism in the sense of a new division of commodities was bound to come. The need of directing and controlling the movement was painfully apparent, lest in the swift-ness of its arrival the suffering of the world would be unbearably intense. How to stay the tide and ease the pressure was a question that ought to concern every intelligent lover of mankind. The very fact that trusts and corporations were becoming fewer, and more powerful, dictating terms to laborers and consumers, controlling larger interests in civic affairs, while laborers were becoming rebellious and even anarchical, foreboded the coming storm. While listening to the socialistic presentations, we were forcibly reminded of Edward Bellamy's vision of the 20th century, when from such conditions, he pictures the State as finally becoming the conserver of wealth, with power to deal it out for the use of society. Many of the speakers looked forward hopefully, yet all agreed that the solution would come, unless miraculously hin-dered, by bitter revolution and social strife, such as marked the downfall of the fabled Alantis, or the realis-tic overthrow in the French revolution. The frightful social conditions described, were sub-stantiated by appalling statistics. Rev. W. E. Me- Clennan, after portraying the slum and criminal districts of Chicago, branded both church and State as culpable because of the most selfish neglect of the poor and op-pressed, and declared that the word "neglect" lay at the foundation of all that made the slum. In the most densely populated districts of this wicked city, sanitation was utterly unknown. The streets and alleys reeked with filth, and no city health board did aught to clear it away, either for the sake of the poor, or for the general health of the city. Thou- sands of children in these districts were prohibited the advantages of education, because school buildings were not provided, although in richer districts there was more school room than could be utilized. And here where the poor congregated, the church was rarely found. Even missions were few and far between, and a. 