AMERICAN SENTINEL. 645 power, that this same prestige of "paramountcy" tends to inhibit more and more the independence of smaller concerns which border upon its field of operations. The smallest prickŠeven that of a needleŠwill cause the largest balloon to collapse in time; and so, in huge em-pires, the question of "paramountcy" assumes in the minds of the empire's supporters the character of self-defense. There seems something very absurd in the idea that the British in fightingŁthe small Boer republics of South Africa are acting in self-defense, yet to the British impe-rialist mind that is evidently what it all amounts to. First, it is a question of "paramountcy" in South Af-rica, or making sound the monopoly; then it easily be-comes a question of defense, since the monopoly balloon must have no pinholes in its huge inflated sides. When the situation appeals to a great government in that light they soon find themselves, like the managers and legal counsel of industrial monopolies or huge corpora-tions, disregarding law and even justice in the effort to maintain and strengthen their grasp. In the case of the Transvaal the British government has not a sound legal basis for interference in that State's domestic af-fairs. The empire, however, like a growing monopoly, must absorb its small rival by hook or crook in order to remain an empire. With empires, therefore, such as Great Britain's, territorial extension becomes a habit of their natures, and wars, however shocking to the moral sense of individuals, are often the accompaniment of im-perial growth. These wars are the loathsome spawn of imperialism. They often set back civilization rather than forward, because the empire frequently comes in contact with states or races which may be hardy, wholesome growths, or well fitted in their way to be ascendant in their own habitats. But patience is not a characteristic of either monopolies or empires. They must rule at the first op-portunity. Opposition must be beaten down if it will not timidly yield. Thus confusion precedes fusion in order that the monopolistic empire may stalk on its way unchallenged. In South Africa the world now sees an excellent ex-ample of an imperialistic war brought on because the monopolizing power could not patiently await fusion without confusion, but must force a collision in order to hasten its undisputed mastery. The slaughter, the de-struction, the legacy of hates between two civilized white races which this war will bring must be charged up against imperialismŠthat imperialism which tries to monopolize the control of all races, however heterogene-ous, and all lands, however distant from the seat of the empire's power. The logical tendency of this imperialism is to strive to make the whole earth subject to one power. Such a tendency must involve gigantic wars between rival mo-nopolizers, wars which must prove destructive to an unprecedented degree. Military Glory and National Honor. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. WILLIAM E. CHANNING spoke many things which it will be necessary to repeat many times because they are the living truth. On Jan. 25, 1835, he delivered a dis-course on "War," and some of the thoughts then ex-pressed by him are worthy of consideration at this time when military achievements are being so loudly ap-plauded in this country, and when it is so widely as-sumed and contended that the honor of the American Government requires the conquest and subjugation of a foreign people. Among Mr. Channing's remarks we find the follow-ing and shall take the liberty to emphasize portions of what we quote:Š "At the present day, one of the chief incitements to war is to be found in false ideas of honor. Military prowess and military success are thought to shed pecul-iar glory on a people; and many, who are too wise to be intoxicated with these childish delusions, still imagine that the honor of a nation consists peculiarly in the spirit which repels injury, in sensibility to wrongs, and is therefore peculiarly committed to the keeping of the sword. . . . "The idea of honor is associated with war. But to whom does the honor belong? If to any, certainly not to the mass of the people, but to those who are particu-larly engaged in it. The mass of the people who stay at home and hire others to fight,Šwho sleep in their warm beds, and hire others to sleep on the cold and damp earth,Šwho sit at their well-spread board, and hire others to take the chance of starving,Šwho nurse the slightest hurt in their own bodies, and hire others to expose themselves to mortal wounds and to linger in comfortless hospitals;Šcertainly this mass reap little honor from war; the honor belongs to those immedi-ately engaged in it. Let me ask, then, What is the chief business of war? It is to destroy human life; to mangle the limbs; to gash and hew the body; to plunge the sword into the heart of a fellow creature; to strew the earth with bleeding frames, and to trample them under foot with horses' hoofs. It is to batter down and burn cities; to turn fruitful fields into deserts; to level the cottage of the peasant and the magnificent abode of opulence; to scourge nations with famine; to multiply widows and orphans. Are these honorable deeds? Were you called to name exploits worthy of demons, would you not naturally select such as these? Grant that a necessity for them may exist; it is a dreadful necessity, such as a good man must recoil from with instinctive horror; and though it may exempt them from guilt, it cannot turn them into glory. We have thought that it was honorable to heal, to save, to mitigate pain, to snatch the sick and sinking from the jaws of death. We have placed among the revered benefactors of the hu-man race, the discoverers of arts which alleviate human sufferings, which prolong, comfort, adorn, and cheer human life; and if these arts be honorable, where is the glory of multiplying and aggravating tortures and death? 