462 AMERICAN SENTINEL, as to the death of the spirit of religious persecution. But we have seen in our own time a recrudescence of that evil demon, which, I fear, is only scotched and not killed. At any rate, the period during which we have enjoyed religious liberty is not long enough for us to be able to say with confidence that there will be no swinging back of the pendulum to the spirit of the times from which we have only recently emerged.'.  'To resurrect and put into operation the Sunday law of 1667 here in the year 1898, is certainly a swinging back of the pendulum to the spirit of the times when re-ligious persecution was rife. Every government on earth ought to repudiate the principle of state censorship over men in religious things. Every civil constitution ought to have in it a clause similar to Clause 115 of the Federal Constitution. Then we would hear no more of stocks or Sunday laws.. Every man would be left free to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, just as he should be." 11. I. Ł 44 A New Kind of Christianity. Am a recent convention of the Epworth League. held in Wheeling, W. Va., one of Ł the prominent speakers made the following queer utterance: "I would like to give the Sultan of Turkey a dose of Christianity with a hundred-ton Krupp gun, red hot. And I would like to do the same for every Spaniard on the American continent." This certainly is a fearful statement, and one that does not correctly represent Christianity. Christianity cannot be shot into people, however great may be their sins, with a hundred-ton Krupp gun, or guns of smaller caliber. The speaker could not have been actuated by the love of the Master who said, "Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and prai for [not against] them which despitefully use you, and persecute you" (Matt. 5:44); but he cer_ tainly must have been fired with what passes for the spirit of patriotism. We do' not wish to speak hard of  the brother who made this expression, because we hardly believe he would really want to do as he said, but the idea of calling such a spirit Christianity, deserves severe censure. Christ rebuked it whenever it appeared in his disci-ples. When they desired to call down fire from heaven to consume those who chanced to show enmity towards them, he turned and rebuked them, telling them they did not know what manner of spirit they were of. He fur.. ther instructed them that he had not come all the way from the courts of glory to "destroy men's lives," but he had come to save them. His gospel is to the world, not to any particular class or nation. A Spaniard, who truly confesses his sins, and looks to Jesus Christ for pardon and mercy, stands just as good a chance to re-ceive everlasting life as an American sinner, doing like-wise. Patriotism, however true and pure it may be, is not Christianity. Christianity is above patriotism. Patri otism takes in the love only of one's native country,  primarily, while Christianity includes the proper love of every country, and above all this the love of every soul of whatever nationality it may be. He that has passed from death unto life, through the inexpressible love and goodness of God manifested through his precious Son, will be anxious that others shall enjoy the same blessed experience. He will not want to shoot down his fellow-man, but extend to him love and sympathy. Think of the Lord using a gun to bring his sub Ł jects into subjection! Yet this is just what an under shepherd(?) recently did as reported in the New York World: "How Brave Chaplain Galloupe Shot and was Shot at Santiago," is the title of an article. In a hospital he was interviewed. The chaplain went on to tell his experience. He said: "I could not help taking part in the fight. I at first confined myself to the duties of my office, caring for the wounded as the battle pro-gressed; but when our men began to reel under the con-centrated Spanish fire, I felt the American rise in me, and tearing the red cross off my arm, I snatched up the gun and cartridge-belt of one of our men, and went to shoot-ing just like the rest of them." All such forget that Christ's kingdom is not of this world. This world is at enmity with God. He who gains the applause of this world, and its spirit, has not the ap-plause of heaven. "Know ye not that the friendship of the world is enmity with God? whosoever therefore will be a friend of the world is the enemy of God." James 4: 4. All those who profess to be servants of Christ, and who use or thirst to use carnal weapons against their fellowmen, are not doing God service. They are not Christ's servants; for in John 18:36 he plainly says: "My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, . . . but now is my kingdom not from hence [the world]." Therefore his servants will not fight. T. E. BOWEN. Newburg, W. Va. Ł EQUALITY before the law is the birthright of man to-day. IT is said that fifteen thousand Jew4 have been led to Christ by reading Dr. Delitzsch's Hebrew translation of the New Testament. A GREAT temperance convention is to be held at Guttenhurg this summer, at which there will be dele-gates from Germany, Denmark, Norway, England, and America. THE British papers assert with emphasis that the Christian Endeavor Convention held in Glasgow last month, was the largest religious body ever convened on that side of the Atlantic. 