AMERICAN SENTINEL. 519 Kinnon, chaplain of the California regiment, to show how easy it would be to avail ourselves of such an agency. The father has been given a parish by the Archbishop of Manila, and will enter upon his duties with the greatest enthusiasm. Other appointments of a similar nature might be procured without difficulty, and their would soon be a numerous body of the most influential of peacemakers at work in the islands. "Those priests would be equally loyal to church and country. They would speak with authority to the natives, and our interests might safely be confided to their care. They could explain as no one else could why we were constrained to respect property rights, and at the same time they could and would make it clear that though church and state were separated in this country the former had nothing to fear from the latter. They would show how the church had flourished here, how it had expanded and grown with the growth of the nation and enjoyed with all others the blessings of liberty and equality under the law." This phase of the Philippine situation offers the best possible opening for the Catholic Church to secure a further hold upon the United States Government, and a permanent recognized place in national affairs. For as certainly as this scheme is accepted by the Catholic Church, and her priests do become these "most influ-ential peace-makers at work in the islands," so certainly this Government will be obliged to make for such service returns that will be as detrimental to the nation as they will be advantageous to the church. For it should never be forgotten that always it has been so that the "peace" of which Rome is the author is only the greater -destruction to all concerned. From the beginning of Rome's career it has been written that "by peace" she "shall destroy many" and she should "destroy wonder- fully." A. T. J. 4,  Russia's Plans. South, African "Sentinel." THE Russian Convent and the Greek Church recently erected at great expense in Jerusalem, may be compara_ tively well known, but the gigantic tower built under Russian auspices is not so well known. This tower is erected on the summit of the Mount of Olives. It is 220 feet high, 24 feet at the base, and 21 feet at the top. It contains a monster bell, weighing 20 tons, together with a peal of seven bells above it. Above this is an electric chamber, connected by wire with some of the monaste-ries of the Holy Land. It is supposed that the tolling of this bell can be heard at Jafa, Jericho, and Mount Lebanon. The convents and monasteries, it is said, are well supplied with arms, and quantities of land have been purchased around them. The Prophetic News sug-gests that "such activities, especially the tower and its arrangements, must be for some special purpose." The Bible student naturally connects these things with the great battle of Armageddon, which doubtless  will be fought in this vicinity, and in such preparations sees the evidences of the soon-coming conflict. Surely the times are "perilous!" What Imperialism has Won for the Nation. THE policy of imperialism has already isolated the United States among the nations of the world. 1 t has won for this nation the distrust and ill-will of the people in almost every other civilized land. If the Uf,ited States should be humbled in war, all the world ‚N ,,uld rejoice over its downfall. Mr. W. T. Stead, the well-known English journalist, after his recent tour through Europe, told of the "alarm, anger, and disgust" which was universally excited there by the American policy of "benevolent assimilation." And now we are apprised that like sentiments are felt in the matter by the people of South America. That this should be true in a continent filled with republics, is worse than that it should be true among empires and monarchies. Writing on this subject to the N. Y. Independent, Mr. Samuel P. Craver, D. D. superintendent of the M. E. mission in Paraguay, says:Š "The sad spectacle of the greatest republic on earth, the model and hope of all American republics, the pro-pounder and defender of the principle that ' all just gov-ernment derives its authority from the consent of the governed,' now engaged in a war on the other side of the globe to subject an alien people to its dominionŠthis sad spectacle has done much to curl the lip of scorn and emphasize the epithet of 'hypocrites.' The plea so com-monly made in justification of the policy of expansion, that the Philippines are not able to govern themselves, and that we can do much better for them than they can possibly do for themselves, does not have much force in these countries, some of which, when they obtained their independence from Spain, were but little, if any, in ad-vance of the Philippines. They have had their turbulent periods, and still are far from realizing an ideal govern-ment, but they have no desire to have the United States-take charge of their countries. . . . "The more intelligent leaders of public opinion in these countries are not ignorant of the gross injustice practised in the United States in our treatment of the negroes, the Chinese and the Indians. The horrible and savage burning of negroes, with the worse than 'savage fiendishness connected therewith, while the national Government stands helplessly contemplating it and either unwilling or powerless to interfere, is contem-plated as a ghastly commentary on the 'humanitarian' warfare being waged against a people fighting for the right to govern themselves. . . . "Is it, therefore, to be wondered at that the expan-sion policy of the United States to-day does not excite-admiration nor inspire high hopes for the future among South Americans? "They look upon it with alarm. If the United States-have laid aside their traditional policy and propose to-enter upon a self-imposed task of policing the world' 