OCTOBER 11, 1894. A.1%=.1ELICCA..INT SlHANTrIPINTIEL,., 317 on Sunday is to accept a rival institution to God's Sabbath; and 3. That as a weekly rest day is assured to all employs in our publishing house, we meet the object of Art. 14 of the fac-tory law; and 4. That the enforcement of Sunday laws is a violation of Art. 49 of the Fed-eral Constitution; and 5. That by refusing to lay aside our secular work on Sunday we do not resist God's order in civil government; and 6. That the enforcement of Sunday laws on Seventh-day Adventists imposes an unjust tax of 161 per cent. on them for the freedom of conscience; and 7. That Sunday laws are religious, and oppressive to all who do not accept Sun-day; and 8. That it is the duty of the State to protect the individual in his natural rights; and 9. That we cannot truly represent the gospel while submitting to Sunday laws; and 10. That the decision of the police court under consideration concerns not only us, but directly all that are employed in our publishing house, and indirectly a whole denomination; and 11. That to enforce Sunday laws would oppress, imprison, and banish an honest, temperate, and industrious people, to the everlasting disgrace of free Switzerland; I appeal from the decision of the police court of Basel, rendered Aug. 16, 1894, and request indemnity for 665 francs, the loss occasioned me by the seizure and sale of my goods to satisfy former fines for Sunday work. Respectfully submitted, H. P. HOLSER. A Revival, Not of Religion, but of Me-diaevalism WE are upon the eve of a great revival. But it is not a revival of religion ! It is a revival of the satanic spirit of mediaeval-ism ! It is not altogether in barbaric na-tions that we see evidences of it, but in so-called Christian governments as well. In Russia the " Imperial Holy Church" has decreed that Stundists and Baptists must be re-baptized into the Greek Church at once. In case of refusal their children are taken from them and placed in con-vents or in Greek Catholic families; their goods confiscated and they banished to Siberia. All of which, and more, these Christians are called upon to suffer for conscience' sake. Their churches are burned, their cattle killed, and they are inhumanly beaten by the officers and in-sulted by the mob. This in the name of religion! In the dominions of the queen, in Aus-tralia, Seventh-day Adventists are under the ban of an old Sunday law, a law en-acted under Charles II., in 1649; of whom Macaulay said that he " was indolent, unambitious, depraved, and a secret Cath-olic." But as antiquated as it is, and hoary with age, and notwithstanding the unsavory reputation of religious laws of that remote period, it answers the purpose of superstition, prejudice, bigotry, and intolerance; and causes the arrest of Christian men Š two brothers, Š who, without being allowed to plead their God-given rights as a reason for their conduct (they worked on their fruit farm on Sun-day), the magistrate peremptorily re-quired to plead, " Guilty or not guilty : "  and when they acknowledged that they had worked on Sunday, the sentence was at once announced; being a fine of five shillings, or two hours' confinement in the public stocks! This also in the name of religion ! Nov where is the dif-ference between the persecution of Bap-tists and Stundists in Russia, and of these Adventists in Australia ? The only differ-ence is in the severity, and not in the spirit that actuates it. Come to our own boasted land of light and liberty, and what do we find ? We find a continued demand for more strin-gent Sunday laws, State and national, by which offenders may be punished. Not only so, but Sunday leagues are multiplied which, according to their own showing, are for the purpose of compelling men, by the power of the civil law, to serve God. And this is not all. Note the continued arrests for violation of Sunday laws in various parts of the country. Nor is this all. No one can close his eyes to the con-tinued persecutions of Seventh-day Ad-ventists in Maryland, Georgia, and Ten-nessee. Denied their rights as citizens, confined in damp and dismal jails, dragged from court to court, compelled to work alongside of common criminals in the chain-gang, ordered by the courts to edu-cate their consciences according to the laws of the State; some of these men hounded to the very death : and all this in the name of religion! And in this " Christian " nation ! Now I ask : Where is the difference be-tween the three ? The only difference is in the degree of severity. It certainly cannot be in the spirit that actuates these persecutors, whether in Russia, Australia, or in this " land of liberty." When will Christians cease persecuting Christians ? But have they not already done so ? Indeed : have Christians ever persecuted ? Men who professed to be Christians have persecuted. Men of the same stamp are now persecuting. But to be a Christian is to be Christ-like, and Christ never per-secuted. Therefore it is true, that no Chris-tian ever was or ever can be guilty of perse-cution. And, therefore, we conclude that all who ever persecuted, or who may now be engaged in that diabolical work, are not Christians, even though they profess to be Christians, but are antichristian, and are actuated by the spirit of antichris'..ŠH. F. Phelps, in Protestant American, Aug. 1, 1894. Pertinent Paragraphs. SOME of the propositions put forward by prominent advocates of religious equal-ity, are the following :Š " Religion is none of the concerns of government." " The duty of the civil magistrate to religion is to let it alone." " The province of the civil ruler about religion is to have no province at all." " No privilege or advantage shall be conceded to Christianity or any other spe-cial religion." " Civil legislation ought not to extend beyond the outward and secular affairs of communities." " The entire political system shall be founded and administered on a purely secular basis." " The civil ruler is forbidden by Him who is ' Lord of the conscience' to exercise his official power in any way that in- volves any recognition and assistance of the Church." " The system of Establishment ' invades the divine prerogative,' and violates the rights of conscience." " Religious freedom' consists in giving ' Heaven's truth a fair field against the devil's lie.' " " To own the magistrate's right to em-ploy the national resources for the support of any section of the Church, is to place Cwsar on the throne of Christ." " It is not within the province of the State to provide religious instruction for the subject." " The most perfect religious equality can alone meet their just demands." " Government is like a banking institu-tion or a railroad corporation, which has nothing to do with the religion of the shareholders." " The best legislation on the subject of religion is to repeal all previous legislation on the subject."ŠCompiled by Rev. Jas. Kerr, Glasgow, Scotland. "Christian Nation" Curses. AMONG the falsehoods of the father of lies, few are more disastrous to true Chris-tianity than the " Christian nation " error. No one acquainted with pure and un-defiled Christianity, who attended the World's Congress of Religions, and lis-tened to the withering denunciations of the crimes of so-called Christian nations by representatives of heathen religions, could fail to see that the heathen judges and condemns Christianity by the crimes committed by nations claiming to be Christian. The missionary from the " Christian nation " has come to them, accompanied with " Christian nation " soldiers, bayonets, swords, muskets, and cannons. " Christian nations" have mas-sacred their people and robbed them of their homes. The missionary from the " Christian nation " has been followed by " Christian nation" opium and " Christian nation " " fire water," and the people who survived " Christian nation " lead and steel, have been debauched by "Christian nation" opium and whiskey. All this has been so deeply impressed upon the heathen mind, that the real Christian missionary must first explain the difference between the Christianity of Christ and the Chris-tianity of a " Christian nation," before the seeds of truth can take root. But the baneful influence of the " Chris-tian nation " idea is not alone manifest in heathen lands; its poisonous effects are seen at home. Not long since a revivalist began work for the salvation of sinners in the congregation of Rev. Mr. Bradley, a Methodist, at Williamsport, Pa. At the close of the first service, the evangelist asked all the Christians in the audience to rise, and to his great astonishment the entire audience stood up. The puzzled preacher dismissed the audience and has-tened to inquire of the local pastor the meaning of the vote. The pastor ex-plained that since this nation was under-stood to be a Christian nation, the people believed that when born into this nation they were in a sense born Christian. " No w," said the pastor, " to-morrow night ask them the same question, and then, after they are again seated, ask all those to rise who have been born againŠconvertedŠand see if there is not some work to be done." The evangelist fol-lowed this advice, and, in response to the 