"IF ANY MAN HAAB MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VoL. 12, No. 41. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 21, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. *ar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay am` it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THERE is no worse slavery than that of selfishness. CREED has been well defined as the cloister of thought. THE truly free man never desires to enslave any one else.  of any right that he may possess. Otherwise it would not be a right, but an obligation. -441410- .-4144- THE Christian goes to his warfare taking the "shield of faith." Eph. 6:16. That which is of faith, is a defense to its possessor. If the first-day Sabbath were of faith, it would not need so much defending. WO- - 444 THE accepted way of "defending" the Sabbath is to compel somebody else to keep it! If there were any de-fense in this method, the seventh-day Sabbath would long ago have perished for the lack of it. 4 -4 Our Government and God's Sovereignty. THE upas-tree of popery flourishes in the soil of hu-man nature. 4...I.-. -4.. CHRISTIANITY  knows. no "league;" it knows only the "unity of theSpirit." THE right to observe a weekly day of rest is the only one which is sought to be forced upon people by law. IF ydu are a 'ﬁdoer of the laW" yourself, you will find neither time nor occasion for judging your neighbor. THE Most distinguished monopolist in the world is the devil. He -is trying the hardest to force everything to go his way. THE largest' society in the world, the easiest to get into and thebestoneto get out Of and avoid istheSociety for Setting Other People Straight. EVERY person has a right to refrain from the exercise THE signers of the Declaration of Independence were, men who believed in God and acknowledged his rightful sovereignty in earthly affairs. This is set forth in the statementŠwhich constitutes the very foundation on which the Declaration restsŠthat "all men are created equal; that 'they are,  endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that to se-cure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." Only upon the basis which these words set forth could the appeal have been made to mankind which was made by our forefathers in this immortal doCument. If there is no God, then it is not true that all men-are created equal and endowed with certain unalienable rights which it is the business of civil government only to secure and never to molest. We appeal from the decisions of major-ities to that Being whO constitutes the true majority; to Him,  whose way is always just, and whose word true; but if there be no suchBeing, then we can only fall back upon the decisions of majorities; fallible as such decisions must be, and unjuSt and untrue as they are often found to be. The doctrine of , unalienable rights is swept away alto-gether-, for-if the decision of the majority be our highest 