Religious Libutll fissoGiation 0, SOOT JUST/GE r0.,1/44. OP' KEEP Tat -TATE. AND rin ctO r. ,EFABAle- FOREVERŠ  asp 14 A C.AN SnNriCiINMLA. Vot. 8, No. 2. ity in our religious life, seek to revive the old laws of compulsory religionŠlong since deadŠthat took every iota of life out of the religions of the Old World and left in their stead an empty shell, a whitened sepulcher, a dead form which in most countries, as in France and Italy, is perhaps worse than, or as bad as, no re-ligion at all. Enforced religion is not re-ligion; it is merely hypocrisy, what the Saviour condemned as the worst of all sins. Let the people of America then take a lesson from the world's history. If we would preserve the purity of our religion; if we would guard the sacredness of our Sabbath, let the Government keep its hands off. The Sabbath in Europe with its debauchery and vice shows us what the law brings forth. The Sabbath in Amer-ica which is infinitely better shows us what freedom can accomplish. Religion supported by the power of God has proved to be the most powerful agent for good the world has ever seen; but religion en-forced by the governments of earth has been the most tyrannical and diabolical agent that history brings to view. The inevitable conclusion that must be drawn, then, is that for the good of moral-ity and religion, for the good of the Church and the Sabbath, Congress should remove the impious hand that it has placed upon a religious ordinance and let the freedom in religion that has reigned in America for the past century still hold undisputed sway. Congress has not .a shadow of a right to legislate on the Sabbath question. Let each individual decide for himself the morality of attending the World's Fair on the first day or on the seventh day of the week, as each individual will for himself, and for himself alone, be held account-able. It will be a day of ill omen for both the Church and the State when the god-dess of liberty is disenthroned and re-ligious intolerance enthroned in her stead. In America all have equal rights, and these equal rights must be insisted upon. The Sunday keeper has no more right to enforce No ideas upon a seventh-day ob-server tlAn has the latter to force the Sunday keeper to observe Saturday; and neither has the right to prescribe for the unbeliever either the quality or quantity of his religion.ŠHarvey Daily Press. " The People " of Chicago. THOSE " mass-meetings " of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union in Chicago, held for the purpose of representing that pub-lic opinion in that city is clamoring for Sunday closing of the World's Fair, re-mind one of that historic occasion in the annals of Great Britain, when three tailors, of Tooley Street (London), met and drew up and signed a petition to Par-liament, heading it, " We, the :people of E ngland. " W: %A.. SPICER. TIIERE is no coercion in religious mat-ters in the gospel of Jesus Christ. The invitation, the entreaty, is, Come. The office of the ambassador of Christ is to persuade men. Jesus says, " Whoso-ever will, let him come." All Heaven pleads: " Turn ye, oh, turn ye, for why will ye die?" This is the gospel plan, and it may safely be set down that what-ever law it is, from whatever alleged source, which would compel a man to ob-serve any religious ordinance whatsoever, is not of the gospel.ŠSigns of the Times. lottelltrZOISTAX.... DEGUIRRTION OF PRING1PLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religions legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our f llow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICR. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. Morristown, Tenn., Nov. 14, 1892. A. F. BALLENGER, Esq.ŠDear Sir: I have ex-pressed in the Patriot, very emphatically, my disapproval of the punishment of these west Ten-nessee farmers who rest on Saturday and work quietly on Sunday. But I see a worse sight every SundayŠengineers firemen, conductors, brakemen, ticket sellers, postal clerks, who do not rest on Saturday, but who are forced to work on Sunday or lose their bread. They get no more pay for seven days' work than they would for six days' work if the seventh day were kept free from the running of trains. The National Religious Liberty Association ought to feel as much interest in the hundreds of thousands of Americans who are deprived of the liberty of worshiping God on their Sabbath, as it does for the dozen men who have been improperly imprisoned. But it don't. Isn't its name a sham? Yours truly, JAMES B. CONVERSE. Chicago, Ill., Dec. 24, 1892. REV. JAMES B. CONVERSE, Editor Christian Patriot, Morristown, Tenn., Dear Sir: Your favor of November 14 has been received, but on account of a press of work at the time it was received and a trip to the scene of the persecutions referred to in your letter, I have de-layed answering until now. I proffer thanks to you in the name of common humanity for the words of condemnation written or spoken by you against the barbarous treatment meted out to the Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee. However, your charge of " sham" against the National Religious Liberty Association because it does not agitate for a law to compel railroad em-ployees to avail themselves of their inalienable and constitutional right to rest or worship on Sunday as they choose, is uncalled for and unjust. Our association was organized to advocate religious liberty for all men irrespective of creed or nation-ality, and not to compel men to exercise their rights. Your statement that railroad employees are " forced to work on Sunday or lose their bread" is contradicted by Rev. W. F. Crafts, the most ar-dent Sunday law advocate in the United States, in his " Sabbath for Man," page 428, as follows:Š Among other printed questions to which I have collected numerous answers, was this one: "Do you know of any instance where a Christian's refusing to do Sunday work, or Sunday trading, has resulted in his financial ruin?" Of the two hundred answers from persons representing all trades and professions, not one is affirmative. . . . There are instances in which men have lost places by refusing to do Sunday work, but they have usually found other places as good or better. With some there has been temporary self-sacrifice, but ultimate betterment. . . . David said that he had never seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. I have, but I never knew a case, nor can I find one in any quarter of the globe, where even beggary, much less starvation, has resulted from courageous and conscientious fidelity to the Sabbath. The " sham " in the case is on the other side, and what is more, the workingman has discovered it, The following quotations from the Michigan Sabbath Watchman, the official organ of the Michigan branch of the American Sabbath Union, in its issue of October, 1891, has helped to open their eyes. It said:Š In sustaining the American Sabbath Union, the churches are preparing the way of the churches and making their paths straight. Close up the Sabbath saloon, and make it impossible to run the theaters ; shut up the cigar stands, ice cream saloons and soda water fountains; and prevent base-ball playing; put an end to railroad and other Sabbath excursions, and the masses will more easily be turned to the house of God. Break down these sacrilegious but fascinating amuse-ments, and the church will have the right of way to the masses. If the churches of this State were to contribute $10, 000 this year to assist the American Sabbath Union to push its work, they would, in our judg-ment, make for themselves the finest possible investment. Money so invested would soon return to them with fine rates of interest. The money now spent in Sabbath desecration by those who are largely in sympathy with the churches, but who are led off to the parks, on excursions, and to other places where money is spent freely, by the enchantments of music and scenery, would, if our Sunday laws were enforced, return to the churches and contribute to their support, and would find it much cheaper to do so than it now is to support the places and institutions they now do. The churches ought to sustain very liberally the Union out of self-defense, and they will doubtless do it. It thus appears that the tears shed over the poor, "enslaved workingmen," by the American Sab-bath Union and kindred elements, are " crocodile tears," shed as an " investment " upon which it is expected "fine rates of interest " will be realized. As stated above, the workingmen have discovered this, as is apparent, first from the following quota-tion which appears in the Switchmen's Journal, of July, 1892, the " Official Organ of the Switchmen's Mutual Aid Association of North America " :Š The discussion relating to Sunday laws seems to be adapting itself to the various shades of senti-ment in different places. In the United States, where a State religion would be at a discount, the advocates of Sunday laws tell us in their public meetings that it is only a civil rest day that they want, leaving the statement, that they will bring out the religious idea as soon as practicable, to be spoken in the ears of supposed friends. But in the Queen's dominions, where the people are accus-tomed from long practice to endure the hollow farce of submitting to a creed supported by a civil parliament, the defender of Sunday legislation talks right out, saying that a meeting called to create such sentiment is religious, and otens it ac-cordingly with the doxology and prayer. History abounds in illustrations of the expres-sions of surprise and disgust from the working-man's self-constituted guardians that workingmen refuse to dance when the Sunday law advocates so studiously fiddle. But laboring men are wide awake and have discovered, they think, that this " antagonism to Sunday labor is more theological than humanitarian," and that this mourning for the " slaves of the nineteenth century " partakes largely of the nature of " crocodile tears," Again, the Locomotive Firemen's Magazine, the " Official Organ of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen," in its issue of November, declares that the Sunday closing movement is characterized by the spirit of " bigotry, duplicity, and phariseeism and " witch-hanging and Quaker-whipping Puri-tanism ; " and in speaking of the methods em-ployed, the magazine charges, "vulgar duplicity," " deliberate fraud," " bold misrepresentation," etc. If time and space would permit, these opinions could be multiplied from other sources, but this will suffice to show that the laboring men of the country do not appreciate this profuse and gratu- R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 