JANUARY 30, 189g. 37 lest they out-Herod IIerod in their zeal for what they imagine is Americanism. Ameri-canism, Protestantism, civil and religious liberty must survive, if at all, in the hearts of the people. They cannot be preserved by outlawing Romanism. SUNDAY " LAWS " ARE UNCONSTITUTIONAL BECAUSE THEY INTERFERE WITH FREEDOM OF RELIGION. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] " CAN the Sunday law be maintained as a mere police regulation," inquires the Supreme Court of Indiana, " without reference to an institution of religion? Could the legislature enact a law that no man should labor on New Year's day? The legislature enacts a law that no man shall compel his children, appren-tices, or employs, to labor more than ten hours a day, and it may be well. Such a law may be a reasonable regulation of labor, to protect the weak from the oppression of the strong; but has the legislature ever attempted to enact a law that the father or employer should not himself labor more than ten hours a day, if he preferred to do so?' So, per-haps the legislature, on the same principle, might enact a law that no man should compel those under Ł him to labor more than six days in a week; that he should allow one-seventh of the days for rest; but could it enact that no individual should labor for him-self but six-sevenths of the days? We ex-press no fixed opinion on this point, as the case does not require it. Does it not involve the patriarchal theory of government?"' The answer to this question, condemning Sunday statutes, is obvious; several important reasons therefor being set forth by Madison in his memorial of 1785 against any kind of religious legislation. Madison's memorial gives as reasons for opposing a religious stat-ute on the ground that it was unconstitutional, the following:Š Because we hold it for a fundamental and undeniable truth, That religion, or the duty which we owe to the Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence.' The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exer-cise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an unalienable right. It is un- alienable, because the opinions of men, depend-ing only on the evidence contemplated in their own minds, cannot follow the dictates of other men. " It is unalienable also, because what is here a right towards men is a duty towards the Creator. It is the duty of every man to ren-der to the Creator such homage, and such only, as he believes to be acceptable to him. This duty is precedent, both in order of time and in the degree of obligation, to the claims of civil society. Before any man can be con-sidered as a member of civil society, he must be considered as a subject of the Governor of the universe; and if a member of civil society who enters into any subordinate association 1  The only legislation limiting the power of employes for so many hours' work per day as may be agreeable to both, except the Sunday laws, is the outcome of "labor agitation," Šthat is to say, agitation for the promotion of idleness, which is the precise object and result of Sunday laws. An example may be found in the Maryland statute, 1889, Ch. I, p. 93, wherein hores railway companies are forbidden to " require, permit or suffer" their employes to work more than twelve hours in each twenty-four. 2  Thomasson's case, 15 Ind. 449. must always do it with a reservation of his duty to the general authority, much more must every man who becomes a member of any particular civil society do it with a saving of his allegiance to the universal Sovereign. We maintain, therefore, that in matters of relig-ion, no man's right is abridged by the institu-tion of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance. True it is, that no other rule exists by which any question which may divide a society can be ultimately determined than the will of the majority; but it is also true that the majority may trespass upon the rights of the minority. " Because, if religion be exempt from the authority of the society at large, still less can it be subject to that of the legislative body. The latter are but the creatures and vice-gerents of the former. Their jurisdiction is both derivative and limited. It is limited with regard to the coordinate departments; more necessarily is it limited with regard to the constituents. The preservation of a free government requires, not merely that the metes and bounds which separate each depart-ment of power be invariably maintained, but more especially that neither of them'be suffered to overleap the great barrier which defends the rights of the people. The rulers who are guilty of such an encroachment exceed the commis-sion from which they derive their authority, and are tyrants. The people who submit to it are governed by laws made neither by them-selves nor by any authority derived from them, and are slaves. " Because it is proper to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties. We hold this prudent jealousy to be the first duty of citizens, and one of the noblest characteristics of the late Revolution. The freemen of America did not wait until usurped power had strengthened itself by exercise. and entangled the question in precedents. They saw all the consequences in the principle, and they avoided the consequences by denying the prin-ciple. We revere this lesson too much soon to forget it. Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects? that the same authority which can force a cit-izen to contribute three pence only of his prop-erty for the support of any one establishment, may force him to conform to any other estab-lishment in all cases whatsoever. " Because the bill violates that equality which ought to be the basis of every law, and which is more indispensable in proportion as the validity or expediency of any law is more liable to be impeached. If all men are by nature equally free and independent,' all men are to be considered as entering into society on equal conditions; as relinquishing no more, and therefore, retaining no less, one than an-other, of their natural rights. Above all, they are to be considered as retaining an equal title to the free exercise of religion according to the dictates of conscience.' " Whilst we assert for ourselves a freedom to embrace, to profess, and to observe, the religion which we believe to be of divine or-igin, we cannot deny an equal freedom to them whose minds have not yet yielded to the evi-dence which has convinced us. If this free-dom be abused, it is an offense against God, not against man. To God, therefore, not to man, must an account of it be rendered. As the bill violates equality by subjecting some to peculiar burdens, so it violates the same prin-ciples by granting to others peculiar exemp-tions. " Because experience witnesseth that eccle-siastical establishments, instead of maintain- ing the purity and efficacy of religion, have had a contrary operation. During almost fif-teen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial. What have been its fruits? More or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution. Inquire of the teach-ers of Christianity for the ages in which it ap-peared in its greater luster; those of every sect point to the ages prior to its incorporation with civil policy. " Because it will destroy that moderation and harmony which the forbearance of our laws to intermeddle with religion has produced among its several sects. Torrents of blood have been spilt in the Old World in conse-quence of vain attempts of the secular arm to extinguish religions discord by proscribing all differences in religious opinion. Time has at length revealed the true remedy. Every re-laxation of narrow and rigorous policy, wher-ever it has been tried, has been found to as-suage the disease. The American theater has exhibited proofs that equal and complete lib-erty, if it does not wholly eradicate it, suffi-ciently destroys its malignant influence on the health and prosperity of the State. If, with the salutary effects of this system under our own eyes, we begin to contract the bounds of religious freedom, we know of no name which will too severely reproach our folly. At least, let warning be taken at the first-fruits of the threatened innovation. " Because attempts to enforce, by legal sanctions, acts obnoxious to so great a propor-tion of citizens, tend to enervate the laws in general, and to slacken the bands of society. If it be difficult to execute any law which is not generally deemed necessary or salutary, what must be the case where it is deemed invalid and dangerous? And what may be the effect of so striking an example of im-potency in the government on its general au-thority? " Because, finally, The equal right of every citizen to the free exercise of his religion, ac-cording to the dictates of his conscience,' is held by the same tenure with all our other rights. If we recur to its origin, it is equally the gift of nature; if we weigh its importance, it cannot be less dear to us; if we consult the declaration of those rights which pertain to the good people as the basis and foundation of government,' it is enumerated with equal solemnity, or rather with studied emphasis. Either, then, we must say that the will of the legislature is the only measure of their author-ity, and that in the plenitude of that authority they may sweep away all our fundamental rights, or that they are bound to leave this par-ticular right untouched and sacred." KEEPING SUNDAY. [Christian Register.] A CURIOUS case, which is now before the courts of Toronto, offers food for thought to all who suppose religions liberty is an accepted fact in AmericaŠat least, so far as legal interference is concerned. Three ministers of Darrel, Ont., Seventh-day Ad-ventists, having rested, according to their custom, on Saturday, engaged on Sun-day in slacking lime to assist in putting up the foundation of a church of their denomination. A committee from another church, appointed to watch their proceed-ings, found them thus at work, and entered complaint against them for violating the Lord's Day Act of Ontario. They were sentenced to a fine, or, in default of fine, 