law that everybody must feast upon Thanksgiving, except such as shall prove that they have gorged on turkey and cranberry sauce the day before. In short, no holiday except Sunday is hedged about with statutes forbidding labor or amuse-ment on the part of those who have re-frained from those on a previous day designated by the statute. It is unjust and unchristian to forbid Sabbath-keepers to labor on Sunday. It is a; shameful relic of Middle Age bigotry and intolerance to punish them for so doing. But there is neither consistency, justice, nor religious freedom in exempting them because they have been "conscientious," or religious in observing the day previous. Inconsisten-cies could scarcely be more glaring than those are which are presented in connec-tion with Sunday legislation and its en-forcement.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Out-took. Grants of Public Money for Parochial Schools. A CAMPAIGN is being waged at the doors of Congress against those items in the Indian Appropriation bill providing for the support of parochial schools. The opponents of the appropriations for schools under church management claim that they have a large number of members of the House pledged to fight the grants when the bill is brought up. They represent that during the past eight years a total of $2,366,416 has been given to the Roman Catholic schools out of $3,767,951 appro-priated, and that the proportion given to the Catholic schools is steadily increasing since the Congregational, Methodist, Pres-byterian, and Episcopal churches have withdrawn their applications for funds. The whole amount asked for this year is said to be nearly $400,000, to be dis-tributed among forty-five Roman Catholic schools. The particular items in the bill which congressmen are asked to oppose are for the following schools: St. Boni-face, Banning, Cal., $12,500; Holy Fam-ily, Blackfeet, Mont., $12,500; St. John's, Collegeville, Minn., $10,000; St. Benedict's, Stearns County, $10,000; St. Paul's, Clon-tarf, Minn., $10,000; St. Ignatius, Jocko, Cal., $45,000; St. Joseph's, Renssalaer, Ind., $8,330; Kate Drexel, Umatilla, Ore., $9,000. 11, THE attempt has been renewed to induce the present Congress to take action on the proposed amendment recognizing the name of God in the Constitution. We have never been much impressed by the argu-ments of those who urge this amendment. Considering the enormous difficulty of passing an amendment to the Constitution, and the slight gain that would accrue from the mere mention of God in that document, this agitation seems to us like hunting snipe with a howitzer. The same amount of effort and ammunition rightly expended would carry havoc into the ranks of the enemy. The putting of the name of God into the Constitution will make the United States neither more nor less a Christian nation than it now is; and if it were really a Christian nation, what would the presence or the absence of the name import ?ŠN. Y. Examiner. JUNE It, 1894. Advil=titCANS=VrTN_git,. 183 TEdited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over i he land. Agents wanted. 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 90 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. Apples of Gold ENVELOPE SERIES  Library THIS is the title of a little monthly publication re-cently started by the Pacific Press, and is designed especially for use in personal correspondence. It is printed on thin paper, and one or two numbers can be put in a No. 6 envelope, with an ordinary letter, without increasing the postage. The following numbers have already been issued:Š No. 1. Looking unto Jesus. 2. The Christian's Privilege. 3. The Sure Promises of God. 4. How to Get Knowledge. 5. The Church and the World. (Poetry.) " 6. The Elect of God. " 7. How Esther Read Her Bible. 8. The Thief on the Cross. " 9. The Eleventh Hour. " 10. Benefits of Bible Study. " 11. Righteousness ; Where Is It to be Found ? Five copies for one year, postpaid, 50 cents; or 12 copies for $1,00. Single subscriptions are not desir-able, for two reason: (1) The numbers being so small they are liable to be lost in the mails. (2) If they are used in correspondence, as recommended, more than one copy would be necessary. Single or assorted numbers of the Library will be mailed in quantities at the following rates: 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand copies. Always order by the NUMBER. IS THE PAPACY IN PROPHECY? The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Pa per Covers, - - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentions of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 51 x 71 inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. PUBLICATIONS ON THE SABBATH QUESTION, READ the following and see if there is not some publication among them which you desire to read, or which will benefit some friend:Š The Abiding Sabbath. BY A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath " prize essays," one of $500, and one of $1,000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question; 174 pages; price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says; what Protestants say. A most convincing document; 24 pages; price, 3 cents. "The Christian Sabbath." No. 113 of the Library. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror; the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages; price, 4 cents. - Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the Religious Liberty Li-brary; 38 pages; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of the Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation; 550 large octavo pages; price, cloth, $2,00; library binding, $2.50, STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS To CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christiana Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:* THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. MAKE BREAD, GEMS AND CAKES EUREKA HEALTH  FLOUR. A WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR Which competent authorities recommend as "THE BEST FLOUR MADE." It contains three to four times more of Bone, Brain, Nerve and Muscle building elements than ordinary white flour. Invalua 1e for dyspeptics, all invalids, and growing children. Everyone likes it. Used by the largest sanitariums. Special Offer.ŠHalf barrel, $3.25; one barrel. $6.00; freight paid. Usually retailed at $7.00 to $10.00 per barrel. If not perfectly satisfactory return at my expense and get your money. Agents wanted. Wholesale and retail dealers supplied. Circulars and recipes, for stamp. F. W. BARTLE, Sales Agent, Oxford, N. 1'. °J, PRISON LIGH tt 64 BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. 