8 AMERICAN SENTINEL. J17Ie ocin2eitica3 geONel. OAKLAND, CAL., JANUARY, 1886. To ALL our readers we recommend the selec-tion on another page from Macaulay's review of Gladstone on "Church and State." In justice to Gladstone we add that he repudiated his former position after reading the review. The Religious Amendment Party is advised to make a note of this fact. THE Christian Statesman, the organ of the Religious Amendment Party, is now in the midst of its 18th volume, and has never had an opponent to expose its fallacies, or to advocate the rights of conscience in our land. We hope to keep them close company the rest of the .race. Ł  THERE is in the land no paper as large as the SENTINEL, published monthly, the contents of which is got up with so great care, which is of-fered at so small a price. The publishers will not make money in the enterprise, but they will have the satisfaction of knowing that they are doing good service to the cause of our country, and of our common humanity. We expect that all, without respect to party or beliefs, who love "justice, liberty, and equality," will give us their support, and aid in extending the circula-tion of the SENTINEL. We intend that every article shall be carefully prepared, and nothing be admitted to its columns to which anyone can reasonably take exceptions. Wherever we find error, in whatever company it may be, we shall pay heed to the words of the prophetŠ" Cry aloud, spare not." A "Non Sequitur." IN the address of Dr. Hays, in the Pittsburg Convention, speaking of the State Constitutional Convention, he said:Š " Would it have been out of place for them to have said, The Bible is for this State the stand-ard of morality, and on all subjects concerning which the State takes action, it is to be the guide ? " But Dr. Hays knew perfectly well that a moral amendment is not what they ask. Their declaration is for a religious amendment. They avow their intention to put the usages, institu-tions, and laws of Christianity on a legal basis. Is it possible that there are Doctors of Divinity in our land who are so ignorant of principles as to confound Christian institutions with morallaws ? And if the Bible is to be the standard of civil legislation, whose construction of the Bible shall be adopted? Would not such a declara-tion as Dr. Hays suggested, and such an amend-ment as this Association seeks, lead to endless religious disputes in our legislatures and in Con- gress? And will this increase general respect for the Bible, and tend to purify the religious atmosphere of our country ? Just the reverse, we firmly believe. When a candidate's religious position is to be canvassed in party caucuses, and political demagogues, because they have wired themselves into office, have to settle ques- tions on the Bible, then we may write " Icha-bod " on our churches and on the popular relig- ion. Heaven save us from that day I The Never-Failing Result. M'CLINTOOK AND STRONG'S "Biblical, Theolog-ical, and Ecclesiastical Cyclopedia" thus speaks of the result of Constantine's taking the church under the patronage of the Government:Š "All impediments to an open profession of,  Christianity were removed, and it became the established religion of the empire. Numerous, however, in various points of view, as were the advantages accruing to it from this change, it soon began to suffer from being brought into close contact with the fostering influence of secular power. The simplicity of the gospel was corrupted; pompous rites and ceremonies were introduced; worldly honors and emolu-ments were conferred on the teachers of Chris-tianity; and the kingdom of Christ in a great measure was converted into a kingdom of this world." If they who advocate the union of civil and ecclesiastical power in the United States could show that the result above specified has not been the unfailing effect of such a union, or if they could give a reason why we should not expect the same result of such a union here, then they could make a more plausible appeal in behalf of their movement. But we can give good reasons for looking for the same effect from the same cause, everywhere and every time. Too Plain to Be Denied. IN the National Convention of the Reform Party, in 1874, President Brunot said they had no intention to disturb that provision of our Constitution which forbids any religious test as a qualification for office. Yet in 1875, the Christian Statesman, speaking of certain con-gressmen who traveled on Sunday on their way to Washington, said:Š "Not one of those men who thus violated the Sabbath is fit to hold official position, in a Christian nation. . . . Give us in the Na-tional Constitution, the simple acknowledgment of the law of God as the supreme law of na-tions, and all the results indicated in this note will ultimately be secured." Waiving the " quantum of the sin " involved, we would like to know how a " Christian na- tion " can make a person ineligible to office on such a ground, and yet not disturb the afore- said provision-of the Constitution ? The truth is, that such a Religious Amendment as that for which they call would require the entire re- modeling of our Government, to make it con-form to the demands of the churches. And this that party knows, and their efforts are put forth with a full knowledge of that fact in view. Are the American people prepared for this? Can they be persuaded to it? A Good Confession. IT is an old saying, that an open confession is good for the soul. In the Christian Statesman of Jan. 8, 1885, we find one that is most excel- lent. Rev. J. M. Armour, a zealous National Reformer, after telling how a certain man had expressed to him the hope that the National Re-form movement may succeed, utters the follow- ing sentence, which we quote verbatim et litera-tim, italics and all:Š " As I left him, I felt deeply that our move-ment was literally following in the footsteps of that monarch of old, of whom it is so often said that he 'sinned and made Israel to sin.' " That-is good. Indeed it would be impossible to more fitly describe the nature of the Na-tional Reform movement. And yet we cannot help thinking it a queer confession to come from one who is so wedded to that movement as is Mr. Armour. We rather incline to the opinion that he intended to pay a compliment to Na-tional Reform. But be that as it may, he states the exact truth. Is It Blindness? GEORGE P. HAYS, D. D., president of a col-lege in Pennsylvania, delivered an address at the National Convention of the Religious Amendment Association in Pittsburg, in Feb-ruary, 1874. The reporter said his speech "was received with frequent marks of approba-tion, and his witty points drew forth shouts of laughter." We can testify that this was the case. We'shall have use for some of his points hereafter. For the present we only notice his argument against neutrality in regard to the subject of the Amendment. Ile said:Š " To attempt neutrality by a nation that has crimes to punish, and rights of property to de-cide, is equally impossible and can only issue in practical but utter atheism." That there is any relation between laws for the punishment of crime and the protection of property, and a Religious Amendment to our Constitution which would unite religion and the State, it will take more than a witty man to show. If this was not the intention of the ar-gument, then we would like to know why these ideas were thus coupled together in the address. And can anybody be saved from atheism by an amendment of our National Constitution? If we could only have an amendment of the Constitution which would secure some people against imbecility, it would be well worth striv-ing for. WELL PUT. The Champlain Journal, speak-ing of the proposed Religious Amendment of the Constitution, made the following just remarks: " However slight, it is the first move for a union of Church and State. If we may cut off ever so few persons from the right of citizen-ship on account of difference of religious belief, then with equal justice and propriety may a majority at any time dictate the adoption of still further articles of belief, until our Consti-tution is but the text-book of a sect beneath whose tyrannical sway all liberty of religious opinion will be crushed." At first it appeared " slight," because its ad-vocates so stoutly denied their object of erecting in the Constitution "a standard of religion" to which all must conform. But from their later avowals Church and State stand out in bold relief in their intentions. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. TERMS. &germ COPY, per year  50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscriptions, post- paid  2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. 