THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 347 There is a strong drift in the English Church not only toward ritualism, but toward Rome. Stranger things have happened than the return of the Estab-lished Church to the Papal fold. It is announced that hereafter Asbury Park, N. J., is to have Sunday trains. The resolution requesting the railroads to stop their Sunday trains at the Asbury Park station is said to have been introduced in the city council by Mr. Bradley himself, the founder of the town. According to newspaper reports his remarks upon introducing the resolution were in effect as fol-lows : "The Sunday of to-day is not the Sunday of twenty-five years ago. The people are more progressive, and Asbury Park has progressed with the rest of the world. To-day We want and get the Sunday newspapers. We must bring ourselves to the idea of a broader and more liberal Sunday. I believe that Sunday railroad trains are necessary to the proper growth of our beautiful city, and I trust that old-fashioned prejudices will not impel anybody to vote against the resolution." Adjoining Asbury Park is Ocean Grove, the great camp-meeting resort controlled by the Methodists. Ocean Grove is a distinct corporation but separated from Asbury Park only by a narrow creek. There is said to be much feeling in Ocean Grove against the Sunday trains, and it is feared that they will bring to the place much that is objectionable on that day. Haverhill, Mass., seems to be experiencing a regu-lar spasm of Sunday virtue, purely civil of course, for the law is "civil," but nevertheless operated in the in-terests of a religious institution. The Gazette of that city in its issue of May 14 says : "Marshal McLaughlin made a tour of visitation among a number of the fruit dealers in the city yester-day afternoon and found that they were doing business contrary to the statutes. He took samples of fruit and summoned the dealers to appear in the district court this morning. The following are the leaders who re-ceived the summonses : N. Martin, Arid Moosh, N. H. Choalain, John Murred, Harry 0. Jacobs and Tarri-jian. "Game Warden Girard caught a local man, George W. Kimball, and a small boy fishing for eels yesterday afternoon at Ward Hill. Upon being detected thus in breaking the Sabbath the man surrendered the fishing tackle and promised to appear in court next morning to answer to the game warden's charges." Certain of the New England states used to employ "tithing men" to see that the people went to church on Sunday and to keep them awake after they got them there. They don't do that now, but try to accom-plish the same end by a little different method. A report from Cleveland, Ohio, states that on May i3th sermons were preached in fifty churches in that city "on the observance of Sunday. The general dis-cussion of the question is preliminary to the active crusade which the city ministers' union is to institute against violators of the Sunday law. A permanent committee to conduct the crusade will be appointed and will probably consist of two prominent ministers, one or two labor leaders, and three or four prominent business men, and a leading lawyer. The general plan of the crusade will be to cause the prosecution of those performing and requiring unnecessary labor on Sun-day." The lawyer is quite an essential feature in every Sunday crusade. What an oversight it was on the Lord's part, to be sure, when in giving the gospel com-mission, he omitted all mention of the employment of lawyers to enforce his religion on unwilling people ! How easy it would have been for Him to have said: "Only limited power is given unto Me in heaven and on earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, bap-tizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you ; compell-ing not only those who believe but those who do not believe to observe the first day of the week ; and for this purpose employing lawyers to prosecute in the civil courts those who refuse to observe this day; and lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." But Jesus did not say this. The statement upon which the gospel commission is based forbade it. The "therefore" refers to the declaration : "All power is given unto me." And this is the power with which the gospel minister should be clothed. It is the only power to which he has any right to appeal. It is the power of the Spirit of God, not the power of the civil magis-trate. " 'The power of the penny.' There is a sermon there," says the Michigan Christian Advocate. "The penny and the Sunday candy store switches the child into the downward path." And how so ? Oh, the child spends the penny for candy on his way to Sun-day school instead of taking it to the school and put-ting it into the contribution envelope. And this if not the sum of the offending of the Sunday candy store is at least the great count in the indictment against it. Of course it is right and entirely proper that the child should be taught to give to the cause of religion. But it is neither right nor proper that the civil law should be invoked to make this education in some meas-ure compulsory. There are those who go to meeting on another day, namely on the last day of the week instead 