THE A_MEIICA.N Sh:NrrINEL,.. 213 the liberal and wise laws of the United States and of the State of Wisconsin. It would be insufferably obnoxious if offi-cially exercised by chiefs of police or may-ors or other officials of the Government, city, State or nation, small or great. It may seem to some people altogether wrong to praise God in such songs as those in which the Salvation Army praises him. But there is not a church in Wisconsin in -which preaching and practice are every-thing that people adhering to other churches think they ought to be. There are those who sniff at the Baptists' belief in immersion; those who sneer at the Epis-copalian clergyman's surplice ; those who ' think that prayer-books are a hindrance to devotion; those who make merry over the earnest supplications, revealing per-sonal idiosyncrasies, which are a feature of Methodist prayer-meetings. The elab-orate ceremonies and symbolism of the Roman Catholics, equally with the stern simplicity of the Quakers, are criticised and questioned by those who do not be-lieve in them. But under the Constitu-tion of the United States the right of every citizen to worship God in his own way is inalienable. The police force of Milwau- Ł kee exists for the purpose of protecting law-abiding residents in the orderly pur-suit of their avocations. . . . This is not Russia, but America. Under our free Government it is not necessary; as a pre-liminary to demanding the protection of the law, that a citizen should adjust his religious faith and practices with reference to the predilections of the chief of police or the mayor. The protection of the members of the Salvation Army in their legal rights is a matter which concerns people of all relig-ions and people of no religion at all. It behooves Milwaukeeans irrespective of creed to join in demanding police protec-tion for the Army's meetings as long as it may be needed. Ł pit Operators Fined for Pumping on Sunday. JUDGE WHITE, of Pittsburg, Penn., rendered a decision on June 22, against Wm. M. Gillespie and Albert Varner, oil operators, for violating the laws of Penn-sylvania in regard to doing unnecessary work at their wells, on Sunday. The firm argued that it was necssary to keep some of theirepumps going on Sunday, or the wells would be greatly damaged. The Judge said that the testimony of other operators satisfied him that if the pump-ing was stopped during the twenty-four hours tof Sunday that the wells would not be damaged. In his decision the Judge said:Š The Salobitth is declared by the statute a day of rest, of cessation from ordinary labor and work. It is also a day of worship and religious service. That it may beŁ properly observed as a day of rest and worship by citizens who desire to observe it as such it is necessary that all citizens abstain from  their usual worldly employments. This is the more important where such employment or busi-ness is carried on at such places and in such man-ner as to seriously interfere with the purposes for which the Sabbath day is set apart. I think it is a great, mistake to suppose the statute was passed simply to conserve the health and physical vigor of the laborer. The man who pursues his worldly vocation on the Sabbath day is not fined because he has committed a sin, but because his conduct and example are pernicious in their tendency and effects. This decision ought to satisfy the most ardent National Reformer that lives. This is " civil Sabbath" with religious emphasis. The union of Church and State always brings about just such de-cisions from the civil courts. Any Na-tional Reformer would avow that the Judge rendered a decision that was not in the least wrong. But he has read his-tory to no purpose, who can not see in this decision an exact repetition of the course pursued during the fourth century, that resulted in the union of Church and State, with all its evil influences. The Judge says that " it is a day of worship and religious service. That it may be properly observed as a day of rest and worship by citizens who desire to observe it as such, it is necessary that all citizens abstain from their usual worldly employments." What does worship have to do with civil matters ? When aŁ law demands that we cease from employments that are worldly the only thing left for us is that which is religious; or, in other words, that, pertaining to another world than ours. Of course. it is claimed that this is purely civil, and no union of Church and State in it. But the same argument that would prove this would prove also that there has never been a union of Church and State on the face of the earth. The man who will defend such doctrine is on the high road to defending all the iniquitous practices of the Dark Ages; because it was never, even then, claimed that Church and State were united, but the Church simply rendered decisions and asked the State to carry them into effect. That was all that was done then, and Judge White is not doing any less now. But a new departure is introduced that we have not seen in all the previous meanderings of the National Reform ad- vocates. The Judge says, " The man who pursues his worldly vocation on the Sabbath day is not fined because he has committed a sin, but because his conduct and example are pernicious in their ten- dency and effects." That is to say, the man will not be fined for sinning himself, but because his example is so pernicious that it leads others to commit sin. This is some hair-splitting casuistry that might have occupied the attention of the bishops who waited upon Constantine the Great. If the Government is going to punish men for sin, why not punish the sinner for his own sin instead of punishing him for the sins he leads other men to commit ? Is It a Common Ground? THE duty of educating into the Chris-tian Church belongs, not to the public school, but to the church, the Sunday-school, 'the religious home. In those European countries in which this duty is shifted to the schools, the Sunday-school, if it exist at all, is less efficient than in America; the church is not, to the same extent, a working church, and the home does not, to speak moderately, approach nearer to the Christian ideal than does the American home. An excellent opportunity to observe the practical workings of the teaching of "re-ligion " as a branch of the public school curriculum is to be found in the German schools, where it has always occupied a central and commanding place. . . . The Prussian Government has recently laid before the Landtag the draft of a public school law, the provisions of which may be regarded as the best possible ar-rangements for such instruction, if it is to be satisfactory to the denominations in question. The clergy are to be consulted in the selection of the text-books, and are given an absolute veto. They are intrusted with the examination of teachers as to religious qualifications. They have the right to visit the school while the religious teaching is in progress, and after close .of school hours to " correct " the teacher in any errors which they may observe. It is, of course, implied that the teacher will be bound to act in accordance with the correction. It will be noted that no attempt has been made in Germany to find a common ground for Catholics and Protestants, but that the schools are delivered uncondition-ally into the hands of the sect which, through force of numbers, government favor, or other circumstances, has secured control. We see here the strange spectacle of a State pouring money into one set of schools to pay for instruction in the Cath- olic religion, and into another set of schools for the purpose of counteracting their teaching. A careful study of the work- ing of this plan, based on a personal visit to a large number of schools, leads me to believe that to introduce religious instruc- tion into American schools would be an error fatal to religious life and activity, as well as an enormous injustice to the re-ligious denomination not represented in the teacher. . . . Further, I do not believeŠand this is a vital pointŠthat the interests of true re- ligion would be served by the introduc- tion of the new branch of study into the public schools. Notwithstanding the fact that the German people have all been taught " religion " in their youth, the in-difference of the educated classes and the open hostility of the members of the most numerous political party of the empire to the religion of Christ are two most notori- ous facts.ŠEdward T. Devine, in Chris-tian, Union. 