74 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. They are the words of the four and twenty elders : "We give thee thanks, 0 Lord God Almighty, which art, and wast, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast reigned. And the na-tions were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy. servants the prophets, and V the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth." 1. "The seventh angel sounded." There are seven trumpets in the book of Revelation, bringing to view facts concerning the nations, covering the entire period of the Christian dis-pensation. The seventh is the last, and closes up the dispensation. This is an undisputed truth. It is confirmed in the following :- 2. " Thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged." Paul at Athens said that God had "appointed a day in the which he will judge the world." The seventh trumpet opens this appointed day. The error of the National Reformers is, their misapplication of the prophecies. They press them into the service of their cause without any regard to their connection or relation. This is an error, and the source of error ; it is perverting the Scriptures. So Satan quoted Scripture to the Saviour; but all who read Ps. 91 will readily see that he misapplied it. That psalm did not refer to the Saviour, but it does refer to the saints in the coming time of trouble, during the pouring out of the plagues of God's wrath, See Rev. 16. We have no doubt that if the Reformers were asked if they believed the appointed day of Judgment has arrived, if the time of the judg-ment of the dead has come, they would give a negative answer. All these things come un-der the seventh trumpet, under which domin-ion over the nations will be given to Christ; but not while he is priest, not during human probation. 3. " And that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets," etc. This can re-fer to nothing less than the resurrection of the prophets when they, with all the saints, will receive the full blessing of immortality. See 1 Cor. 15:50-54. Jesus said to his disci-ples, " Thou shalt be recompensed at the res-urrection of the just." Luke 14 :14. And again, "For the Son, of man shall come in the glory of his Father with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to his works." Matt. 16 : 27. "The kingdoms of this world have become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ." This declaration needs a more extended ex-amination. It will be observed that the king-doms of this world become the kingdoms of our Lord, as well as of his Christ. The elders praise and thank God because he has taken to himself his great power and has reigned. This our model reformers entirely overlook. They see nothing but Christ taking power over the nations, by a popular political vote ! But, in the fulfillment of this prophecy, they see no relation to the Father taking his power to himself; no relation to the sounding of the  seventh trumpet, to the judgment of the dead, or the time of giving reward to the prophets. It is their reckless method of quoting 'Scrip-ture that leads them into their grievous errors; and that is the source of most of the religious errors and schisms of the day. In what sense may it be said that the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ takes to himself his power? In what sense do the king-doms become his under the seventh trumpet? To determine this question we must inquire into the origin, and examine the changes, of earthly dominion. It is not a doctrine of the Bible, nor of the church, that God is directly the Creator of every man. He created man, the father of the race, and established the laws of generation, by which the race is multiplied and perpetua-ted. And, though men become sinners, even desperately wicked, their lives must be re-spected because life is the highest gift of the Creator. In like manner God established a dominion of man upon the earth in the be-ginning; and though the dominionhas passed into the hands of the wicked, " the powers that be " must be honored, out of respect for their originŠfor the ordinance of God. "And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth." Gen. 1: 26. Here is the origin. But where is the succession ? We cannot imagine that God ever resigned. to -anybody the right to or proprietorship of the earth. Only a certain extent of power, a limited dominion was conferred upon man. But Adam did not long retain his rule. Beguiled by Satan, he turned away from his Creator and Benefactor, took another for his master, and threw away his life. All other blessings, all privileges and rights are comprised in this. When Adam lost his life he had no more to lose. His dominion had passed away. Now the question arises, Did Adam, by his sin, by his.  transfer of allegiance, resign his dominion to Satan? The Scriptures show that he did. God did not take it back to himself, but put it under a curse. Christ calls Satan "the prince of this world ;" Paul, "the god of this world;" and John said, " The whole world lieth in the wicked one." Most decisive of all is the evidence afforded by the temp-tation of Christ. When Satan shoN'ved him all the kingdoms of the world, he said, "All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them, for that is delivered unto me; and to whomsoever I will; I give it. " Luke 4 : 6. Jesus had undertaken "to destroy the works of the devil ;" to redeem man and his in-heritance from the curse. Eph. 1 : 13, 14; Ps. 37 :11. To accomplish this object he knew that he must lay down his life. But Satan tempts him to take the dominion which Adam lost, without passing through death. The honor and wealth of this world have been the bait with which he has lured the sons of Adam to destruction. When Christ took " upon him the seed of Abraham"Šthe nature of Adam, ŠSatan thought to overthrow him by the same means. It is generally considered that Satan's words were false ; that it was not in his power to bestow the kingdoms and glory of this world. But if not, how is he the prince and god of this world? how is it that the world lieth in the wicked one? and why is it that to love the world, and the things of the world, is to be the enemy of God? But if Satan's words were false; if he had not become possessed of the dominion given to Adam, the Saviour certainly knew it, he then knew it was a false pretense. How, then, was it a temptation? Surely there can be no temptation in a prom-ise which we know is impossible of fulfill-ment. In this, and in this only, can we find a solution of Rev. 11 : 17. This is the rule which the Lord God Almighty takes back to himself; this is the power which he rescues from the great usurper, and confers upon' " the second Adam." Then Satan is bound, and Christ redeems the inheritance and bestows it upon his faithful ones. But what do the National Reformers propose to do? They pro-pose to take this work into their own hands ; to vote the power out of the hands of Satan, and to vote Christ into his kingdom. And anything else ? Ah, yes ; to vote to them-selves all the honor, the power, and the glory of the kingdom, and to disfranchise all who will not acknowledge their right! Never was a greater effort made to turn sacred things into a farce. But, to the minority, the farce will end in a tragedy. All the Scriptures show that the history of this present world will end in war and car-nage. The kingdoms of this world arc the enemies which the Father will give to the Son. See again Ps. 2 : 7-9; 110 : 1 ; Hob. 1:13; 10: 12, 13. When the kingdoms are given to Christ, the nations are angry, and the wrath of God is upon them. Rev. 11: 14, 15, 18. When the God of Heaven sets up a kingdomŠwhich setting up consists in conferring the dominion upon his Son, and thus restoring the throne of DavidŠ" it shall break in pieces and con-sume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand. forever." Dan. 2:44. The same is shown in Jer. 25, where "all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of the earth," are caused to drink the wine cup of God's fury. We know that this refers to the consumma-tion, because it is said they shall drink, "and fall, and rise no more." All the kingdoms of this world will be utterly destroyed, for they are all the enemies of the pure gospel and reign of Christ. And the same is found in Rev. 15 and 16, where the plagues of God's wrath are poUred upon theŁkings and nations of the earth; which are gathered "to the battle of that great day of God Almighty." Want of space forbids our carrying this sub-ject further. We trust, however, that every readerŠespecially every reader of the Bible -must see that the conclusions of the National Reformers are based upon wrong interpreta-tions and misapplications of the prophecies, which amount to perversions of the Scriptures. But their theories are pleasing to the ambi-tion of bigoted professors, who find it more congenial to their spirits to forcibly compel their neighbors to conform to their opinions, than to conform themselves to the gospel of peace, and to use only "the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:" J. H. W. 