JANUARY 2, 1896. A.101ClElaICA.INT SMicrl'INTEL. I am, Sir, Your obedient Servant, KENELM E. DIGBY. The Secretary, International Tract Society, 451 Holloway Road, N. Thus it appears that these Christian sev-enth-day observers are refused justice and freedom of conscience on the ground that they are few in number, and this too by one of the world's great " Christian " nations. If they were able to cast any considerable vote, so as to be a power in politics, then it would be quite proper to let them have their rights! We are living in the closing years of the nineteenth century, but everywhere it is evident that men still have more respect for might than for right. Ł -ŁŁŁ- SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. Letter From Rev. M. O'Keefe on this Subject. [From the Catholic Mirror, Baltimore, Md., Nov. 9.] IN response to an invitation to attend a meeting of ministers in Towson, Father O'Keefe replied as follows:Š Towson, Baltimore Co., Md., Oct. 23, 1895. REV. MESSRS. J. FRED HEISSE, W. G. CASSARD, and C. E. GUTHRIEŠ Gentlemen: I am in receipt of your esteemed favor of the 19th instant, courteously inviting me to at-tend a meeting in the lecture room of the M. E. Church, Towson, at 2:30 P. M. to-morrow, as follows:Š REV. M. O'KEEFEŠReverend and Dear Brother: The violations of the Sunday laws in your county is flagrant. The exposure of guilty parties is arresting attention. We desire a conference of the ministers of the county. Please meet us in the lecture room of the Towson M. E. Church, at 2:30 o'clock, next Thursday afternoon, Oct. 24. Sunday laws must be enforced. Come. Do not disappoint us. Your Brethren, J. FRED HEISSE. W. G. CASSARD. October 19, 1895. C. E. GUTHRIE. In reply, I would beg leave to say that whilst fully appreciating the courtesy extended me as a clergyman residing in the county, I am at loss to conjecture whether the invitation may be regarded as referring to me as a citizen or clergyman, or as both combined. Anyhow I regret to be obliged to state that I could not conscientiously participate in a discussion of the infraction of the Sunday laws. Holding no office under the civil law, whether as judge, magistrate, sheriff, squire, bailiff, constable, detective or spy, paid or unpaid, I could not help regarding myself otherwise than as an officious intermeddler in the legiti-mate business of the proper officers appointed to execute the laws, and who would very natur-ally regard my action as a gratious piece of interference in their legitimate calling. The above officials under county commis-sioners are the responsible officers entrusted with the duty of taking due cognizance of all such violations, and, doubtless, are as willing and ready as they are competent to bring all violators of the law to condign punishment. Hence, as a citizen of this great republic, I am amenable to the laws enacted by the peo-ple's representation for the benefit and happi-ness of the masses, and as one of the number, I highly appreciate and duly enjoy with undis-guised gratitude the temporal blessings assured to every law-abiding citizen under that glori- ons flag of ours, which is the synonym of that genuine and plenary liberty attainable nowhere else on this planet. Nevertheless, as a citizen neither the holder of nor aspirant to any office, State or Federal, I am happy and contented in the role of a private individual, neither invited nor aspir-ing to a participation in the control or manage-ment of public offices. Nor does my position as a recognized minister of the Christian reli-gion seem to call for, or warrant any such interference. I hold in such esteem the divine calling I so unworthily represent that I would never, during my long life, avail myself of the right to register my voce for one or other political party; nor am I ever likely to do so, unless, in-deed, that the ghost of "Sam"Šdefunct KnownothingismŠshould once more develop itself in A. P. A.ism or other kindred, dark-lantern conspiracy, as it did in the earley fifties only to be crushed to powder by the voice and votes of an indignant people, uncompro-misingly jealous of their liberty, religious as well as civil. It is not, then, with me a question of right, but one of expediency as to whether I could consent to mire my priestly robes in the turbid and foul waters of muddy politics. Hence, as a clergyman, I question the pro-priety or expediency of interfering, indirectly even, in the execution, or rather failure (if it prove so), on the part of officials to execute the Sunday laws, which are of a purely civil character. As representatives of Christianity, we occupy a very questionable, nay, highly mortifying position, viz: to be obliged to acknowledge that the moral power of the Christian religion is lamentably inad-equate to reform, measurably at least, the morals of its votaries without having re-course to the aid and interference of the civil law by imposing civil pains and penalties; thereby, publicly confessing the mortifying and shameful failure of Christianity to com-pass one of the chief ends of its institution and mission, viz : the culture of the moral law in the heart of Christians. For the above reason, and others equally cogent (had I time to unfold them), I am reluctantly compelled to forego the pleasure which a meeting with my fellow citizens for discussion of the ques-tion named in the invitation would afford me. Deeply impressed with the above views, during a long life as citizen and clergyman, I regret that our views as to the object of the meeting do not harmonize. As a Catholic clergyman, I have ever been an earnest and steadfast advocate of Sunday observance; and I may say, too, without ego-tism, a life-long impersonation of total absti-nence, and whilst I sincerely regret the use of intoxicants, I never could consent to be in touch with those who, in their rank fanaticism, would rob man of that God-given freedom which would be to him an inalienable gift and treasure. Two wrongs never made a right: and the drunkard and the fanatic are equally a nuisanceŠthe latter the more dangerous of the two. Whilst dealing with the question, I publicly own that I have never but once in my life tasted liquor, and then whilst presum-ably in the jaws of death from yellow fever, my physican admonished me that death was inevitable, unless I consented to use a mint-julepŠthe vomit, the last stage of yellow fever, having set in. I then touched liquor for the first and last time during a life fast verging on the three-score and ten. . . . Before closing this letter, I would call atten-tion to a distinction between violation of the  divine and civil law. The latter enacts a pen-alty from the man who sells liquor on Sunday, on conviction, and should intoxication result to the individual, he is amenable to the law of God for his complicity in the crime of drunk-eness, not because of Sunday, for the same guilt attaches to any other day. Were he and his victims Catholics, they are both before God guilty of the additionable crime of desecration of the Lord's day. This is the result of an overt act of disobedience to the voice of the Church, commanding her children to keep the Sunday "holy;" God commanding us to hear her voice. But, reverend sirs, let me ad-monish you that no Protestant, true to the principles of his religion and conscientiously obedient to his teacher, the Bible, need ever have misgivings as regards the freedom of Sun-day; nay, more, his teacher is consistent in impressing on him in every page of the New Testament as well as of the Old, that God has appointed the Sabbath or Saturday as the day set apart by him for his worship. Our Saviour, whilst on earth, kept no other day; and we learn that for over thirty years after his death, the Acts of the Apostles re-cord the fact that the Apostles consistently kept their divine Master's Sabbath (the Sab-bath which the Jews have kept ever since for over eighteen centuries, they having the same teacher, the Bible, as you have) according to the practice and teachings of Christ and his apos-tles, without modification, as testified by the New Testament from Matthew's Gospel to the Revelation. This statement is absolutely true and unsusceptible of successful contradiction; imagine, then, my surprise on reading in the city papers yesterday of the anomalous and self-stultifying position occupied by you, as accred-ited ministers of the Christian religion, assum-ing the role of . . . spiesŠa self-consti-tuted smelling committeeŠfor you represent no civil office whatsoever, laying snares and traps to inveigle the unwary that you might drag them before the civil courts for violation of a purely civil law, forbidding the sale of liquor on the first day of each week. On what grounds, may I ask, can you justify such pro-ceedings ? How were these people interfering with you in the practice of your religious acts ? Place your finger on any page of your acknowl-edged divine teacher, the Bible, and show the world the proof that, on your own principles, they had violated any ordinance of the Chris-tian religion. I hereby denounce your conduct in this matter as not only highly reprehensible, but as being in direct violation of the revealed will of God as taught by your Bible. You had succeeded in getting a verdict against them before the civil courts for trans-gression against the civil law. I now in the presence of the public pronounce you, on your principles, guilty of the grossest misdemeanor, thousands of times over, against the divine law. When, let me ask, have you, even once, in your lifetime, kept the command of God : "Remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy" ? Which day is the Sabbath? I answer, the last day of the week, the day kept by God himself, and for that reason assigned by him for ob-servance by man, the Sabbath or the day kept by the Redeemer and his apostles whilst they lived on earth. You pose before the world as models of Chris-tian morality, and behold every week of your lives you are guilty of gross violation of one of God's most positive precepts, "Remember the Sabbath," etc. Let me illustrate in order to prove God's earnestness in this respect: "And it came to pass, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness; and had found a man gathering sticks on the Sabbath-day; that they brought him to Moses and Aaron, ists cannot be exen.., _.,m the penalties consequent upon a breach of the ,actory laws as to Sunday labor. The Secretary of State does not think the numbers of the sect afford any hope or reason for legislation to alter their position. 