532 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. with which the real or apparent crime of the negro was revenged upon hundreds of innocent colored women and children. "The helpless, the industrious, the sober, were maltreated. All law was violated by the brutal club swingers and pistol flourishe'rs on the blacks. " Race conflict is at least intelligible below Mason and Dixon's line. North of it it is also intelligible. In the South its causes are historic. In the North its cause is the license a brutal policeman feels to use his club or revolver independently of constitu-tional restraints. It is not merely race hatred that inspires him, it is a wantonness in the use of power." A Menace to Popular Government. So far as being a menace to popular government is concerned, the officers who upon an occasion of this kind makes common cause with the mob, is many fold more dangerous than the "red " anarchist who would, if he could, overthrow all government. That can never be done, but the despotism of un-bridled passion may very easily take the place of the orderly and measurably just reign of statutory and constitutional law. What These Outbursts Show. Such outbursts as these show that as a nation we are losing the faculty of self-government. Lawless-ness on the -part of a few is crime. When a com-munity becomes lawless it is anarchy, and anarchy in-vites despotism. Indeed anarchy is the worst sort of despotism; it is so bad a despotism that the peo-ple will presently welcome a despotism of a few or of one as better than the despotism of the mob. If government of the people by the people is to continue in this land the people must govern them-selves. Failing to do this the time must comeWhen an American Napoleon will arise, 'will sweep the streets of some of our cities with cannon and seize the reigns of government. The politicians are hot saying as much as they did four years ago about the danger that the scenes of the- French Revolution will be re-enacted erelong in this country, but the danger is greater now than it was then; and this not because of the probable election of any particular candidate, but.  simply because' the people have lost in so large a measure the faculty of governing them- selves. B. THE United States have spent in the Philippine war $186,678,coo. The loss has been 2,394 men killed and 2,073 wounded. THE WELLAND CANAL, THE ONTARIO SUNDAY LAW, ETC. IN the hearing on the Lord's Day Act, in Osgood 4-Ian, Toronto, the question of the right of the prov-ince to regulate the operation of public works and corporations, such as railrOads, canals, etc., was a very interesting issue, inasmuch as the entire Do-minion is interested in tbese large corporate indus-tries. The advocates who were urging the right of the province to make Sunday laws were asked by the court if Ontario would have a right to prohibit traffic through the Welland canal on Sunday, for instance. The reply was that theprovince could dO this. The question was then asked whether the province could stop traffic through the canal on other dayS of 'the week, or on every day of the week, if it saw-fit. The question was a rather difficult one, but the final re-ply was that the province could not do that. Then the court asked: If the province has no right to close the canal on other days of the week, why has it a right to dose it on Sunday? The true motive be-hind the Sunday-law then had to be acknowledged. The reply was that it was because of the religious character of the day. So, as much as its defenders may talk about the civil rest day, and the absence of any religioUs aspect to the matter, and claim that there is no desire to,  enforce any religious observance whatever, yet when the truth `,must' be told it comes, out that it is the re-ligious phage of the institution that furnishes .the real impetus to the whole movement. As an example of faithfulness in the observance of the rest day, the counsel stated that anciently the Maccabees would not fight on Sunday. This is an-other instance of making Sabbath observance serve the cause of Sunday-keeping. As to what con-stituted works of necessity, th-e counsel held that it was a duty for a man to saye his property,'and there-fore if a farmer had grain standing out that was likely to be injured by storm it was his privilege and duty to draw it in on Sunday. SuCh people as the Maccabees would be considered rather too strict. Ł The Other Side of the Question. . As we have already stated, the counsel who spoke for the other side of the question occupied but about one-sixth of the time those arguing for the Lord's Day Act used; but this shOrter portion of time was well employed in presenting forcible arguments 