AMERICAN SENTINEL. 701 THE emperor sent a telegram to the pope, as follows: "I am happy to be able to inform your holiness that, thanks to the benevolent intervention of his majesty the sultan, who has not hesitated to give me this proof of his personal friendship, I have been able to acquire at Jerusalem the abode of the Holy Virgin. I decided to place this ground, consecrated by so many pious memo-ries, at the disposal of my Catholic subjects. It rejoices my heart to be able thus to prove how dear to me are the religious interests of the Catholics whom Divine Prov-idence has placed in my care. I beg your holiness to ac-cept the assurance of my sincere attachment." IN reply, the pope expressed his deep satisfaction at the gift, for which he was sure the German Catholics would be deeply grateful. And as the gift of the tradi-tional abode of the Virgin Mary is a matter of interest to all Catholics the world over, it may be safely assumed that Catholics in all countries will share in the emotions of gratitude felt by their co-religionists in Germany; and as the gift came in the first place from the sultan, and no doubt with a knowledge of what disposition Emperor William wished to make of it, it may be also assumed that Catholics the world over will entertain a friendly feeling for the sultan. The emperor's oriental tour has vastly strengthened the throne of the sultan. There 'is something significant in this drawing together of Turk, Protestant emperor, and Roman Catholics at this most noted of historical and prophetical sites. AMONG the "impressive ceremonies" which marked the "consecration" of the Church of the Redeemer, was an address by the emperor, in which he said: "From Je-rusalem there came the light, in the splendor of which the German nation became great and glorious. What the Germanic peoples have become they became under the banner of the cross, the emblem of self-sacrificing Christian charity. As nearly 2,000 years ago, so there shall to-day ring out from Jerusalem the cry voicing the ardent hope of all for 'peace on earth.'" BEARING in mind that it was Sadowa and Sedan which lifted the Germans to their present eminence as a nation, and that the German army marched to these great vic-tories under quite another standard than the "banner of the cross," the necessity will be evident of making a very liberal discount upon this part of the emperor's speech. Nor can a less discount be placed upon the "ardent hope" for peace on earth, in view of the unusual preparations England is now making for a great struggle for suprem-acy in the far East. /4 4 SOPHISTRY is most often used as the opiate of con-science Notes on the Civic-Philanthropic Conference. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. THE only thing that calls for mention in the proceed-ings before FridayŠCivic DayŠwas this: F. D. Kelsey, pastor of the Central Congregational Church, Toledo, Ohio, in the course of his address on Wednesday, said that "the people are listening to an immense number of vagaries which will ultimately end in a French Revolu-tion, unless the ministers of the country impartially edu-cute and enlighten them with reference to these things." Further on he said: "We are on the eve of a great refor-mation or a great revolution. I hope for reformation, but fear revolution. One must come, or the other is in-evitable." On Wednesday the subject of the churches and the masses was discussed, and the fact was pointed out that there is almost a total separation between them. man, who declared himself to have been a member of the committee of fifteen that formed that "magnificent or-ganization, the Municipal Voters' League, which has done more for Chicago than any other organization," obtained the floor and declared that whatever might be the case with other churches, there was one church that, the masses had not deserted, one church that knew how to reach them: that it was to the honor and glory of the Catholic Church that all its members were treated alike, that they met in worship on a common footing; that the priest at the altar treated alike the millionaire and the pauper. This man afterwards proved to be J. P. Brush-ingham, D.D., pastor of the First Methodist Church of.  Chicago. On Civic Day the discussions took on a warmth and interest beyond any that had preceded them, and it be-came evident that on the subjects discussed there was a wide difference of opinion. Dr. Burrell, of New York, on surrendering the chair to Mr. Jones, mayor of Toledo, Ohio, took occasion to remark that "reformers' day had arrived," and that he was to deliver the gavel of author_ ity to one of them. But he was glad to say that white Mr. Jones was a reformer, from his knowledge of him, he knew that he was a reformer with some common sense, which was saying a great deal for most of them. He wished to say before resigning the chair that the motto,  that should be inscribed on the banner of those who take up the subject of capital and labor and allied questions with the intention of improving the condition of affairs, should be, "Be ye angry and sin not." This they should never forget. It was easy enough to get up, as most of these would-be reformers did, and denounce capitalists and monopolists; and rave about aristocrats and grind-ing combinations of wealth, but that kind of reform would never help things a particle. A reformer might be-come angry, and it was sometimes necessary that he should; but he should not sin at the same time. The mayor made a brief speech in which he said that 