AUGUST 20, 1896. SMIVICTIVIE11-. 261 body to be baptized in a certain way; or to require allŠJews, infidels, and unbelievers of every kindŠto be partakers of the sacrament. Civil powers are ordained of God to deal with civil matters, but with religious duties they have nothing whatever to do. DEBASING THE PULPIT. [New York World, Aug. 10, 1896.] REV. GEORGE WHITFIELD MEAD, in his sermon last night at the Madison Avenue Presbyterian Church, on the subject " Gold or Silver; a Question of More than One Side," has something to say about the way some of his brother preachers were talking on the silver question. " I deplore," he said, " the debasing of the pulpit by making it the political stall for the discussion of party politics. Some men are preaching silver, others are preaŁhing gold. I can but feel that both are forgetting their high calling. Such men may be inspired by the sincerest sentiments of patriotism, but to many persons such preaching has the appear-ance of being inspired by a thirst for popular notoriety. " The gold standard alone will never cure our ills nor will a monetary standard of gold and silver. He who looks to either as the final solution of our national and social unrest is as the man who built his house upon the sands. "The need of our country is not money; we are the wealthiest nation in the world. Nor is our need legislation. We have been legislated to death. The present suffering of the world will be permanently relieved only as we get back to the faith in God and rid ourselves of our moral leprosy." OMENS OF COMING DANGER. BY J. B. TIIAYER. AMONG the many prophetic signs of the times is the blindness of the people to the imminent danger just ahead, and to the pre-dictions in the sacred Scriptures concerning this nation. While there are a few who smiled in deri-sion at the position taken by those who many years ago saw that according to prophecy the .United States was to become a persecuting power, who are now convinced by what they see that those people were correct in their in-terpretation, yet the great majority are as blind as ever. The writer having been employed for more than eight years in the distribution of litera-ture informing the people upon this subject, has thereby acquired some knowledge of pub-lic opinion in reference to this question. While we have just cause to esteem and extol the just principles that have been, and to some extent are still, maintained in our fair-famed nation, yet it is only vain pride that is blind to the digressions from and vio-lations of those principles of our national Constitution which have been the founda-tion of its existence, and the secret of its success. No one can fail to recognize how appropri-ate is the application of those lamb-like char-acteristics of the beast of Rev. 13:11, to our nation; and many are ready to _accept such application who are just as ready to reject the application of the dragonie, characteristics of the same beast. The same power or nation that was to have horns or powers like a lamb, was also to speak as a dragon. While a lamb is a symbol of Christ, a dragon represents Satan, the great enemy of Christ. So we see that the power symbolized by this beast is first to be lamb-like and afterwards to speak as a dragon. It is to prove antagonistic to its own princi-ples. While Satan is called the Dragon, the dragon beast is a symbol of Pagan Rome. This power used the civil law to enforce religious law, or united the civil and ecclesiastical powers, which resulted in religious persecu-tion. It was therefore properly represented by the dragon beast. Those only who are blind to the most obvi-ous realities of our time can fail to see the strong tendency of our nation to a union of Chum a and State, the separation of which has been the element of our prosperity and suc-cess. The writer attended the celebration of the Fourth of July at Harriman, Tenn., and heard them sing, " My country, 'tis of thee, Sweet land of Liberty," while eight Chris-tians, including a pastor of a church, with all of whom the writer is personally acquainted, were lying in the Rhea County jail, at Day-ton, Tenn., only forty miles from the cele-bration. The following is an example of many dia-logues which have taken place between the writer and those whom he has met:Š WriterŠDid you ever think our nation was destined to become a persecuting power? StrangerŠNo! That can never occur. W.ŠIt is a matter of prophecy, and even though it were not, I can see according to the trend of existing circumstances that it will prove to be an unavoidable consequence. S.ŠSuch a thing can never come, as it is contrary to our Constitution; and besides there are too many kinds of religion to form a union of Church and State. W.ŠDo you know there are various organ-ized religious bodies who claim that the only hope of checking the tide of infidelity, im-morality, and sabbath desecration, is a resort to the aid of civil legislation? S.ŠThat makes no difference. Such a thing as religious persecution can never come in our nation. W.ŠAre you aware of the fact that men are now lying in jail because they dare to live out their faith in the word of God? S.ŠHow is that? W.ŠCertain people who believe in keeping the fourth commandment as it is given in the Bible, are cast into jail because they do not keep another day instead of the seventh. 5.ŠOh! I believe we should have a day in common for the nation, and that the same should be enforced by national laws. There are too many kinds of religion already. W.ŠYou have already claimed that the presence of so many kinds of religion would militate against a union of Church and State. By your last statement you admit that to ob-serve different days as a Sabbath, is to practice different religions. S.ŠYes. -W.ŠThen the Sunday is a religious insti-tution? S.ŠW-e-1-1, yes. W.ŠIs not a religious institution a church institution? S.ŠYes. W.ŠDid you not say our Constitution for-bade a union of Church and State, and that there was no danger of religious persecu-tion? S.ŠYes. W.ŠNow, you say you are ' in favor of a  national sabbath and the enforcement of the same by a national law, and that the " sab-bath " (or Sunday) is a religious or church institution. What can the enforcement of sabbath observance be but a union of Church and State? Waukegan, Ill. A ROMAN CATHOLIC HOLY DAY IN NEW YORK. [N. Y. Independent, August 13, 1896.] DURING the days of the Pope's temporal power religious parades, the celebration of saint's days and similar ecclesiastical displays were numerous in Italy. The advent of Victor Emanuel as king over united Italy, however, brought about a change which the faithful Catholic has never ceased to deplore. Public religious demonstrations grew in disfavor, and the attendant pomp and glitter became a thing of the past. It remains for New York to renew the cus-tom. On the corner of 115th Street and Pleasant Avenue stands a Roman Catholic church of the Carmelite order, whose mem-bership is largely made up of Italians. Thursday, July 16th, was the feast day of its patron saint. The early morning trains brought delegations of the faithful from every city within a radius of two hundred miles of New York. The streets of " Little Italy" were thronged with gayly dressed Italians. Pilgrims began to arrive as early as 4 o'clock in the morning, and from that on the crowd kept increasing. Every one was dressed in his best. Shoes that had never before been introduced to the blacking brush shone like mirrors; shining silks which could not be bought in an American dry-goods store for love or money, and combinations of color which would drive an American woman crazy, all added brilliancy to the scene. Venders of every deEcription lined the sidewalks crying their wares, and it seemed as the bedlam had broken loose. One could buy anything from a gingerbread horse to an image of the Holy Virgin. The real celebration began at 10 o'clock with a grand parade by different religious so-cieties. There were nine bands of music and many banners with pictures of saints and the Virgin. Hundreds of girls dressed in white were in the procession, many of them carry-ing on their heads altars made of candles, containing images of favorite saints. Every-body in the crowd carried a candle. Follow-ing the parade was a motley crowd of men and women, some walking with naked, bleed-ing feet, doing penance for the sins of the past year. One woman with disheveled hair and face bleeding from self-inflicted scratches, excited the commiseration of the Italians. Mass was celebrated at 11 o'clock, during which the street was thronged for several blocks with people who could not gain admit-tance to the church. A great image of "Our Lady" held a prominent place near the altar, and was literally covered with jewels brought by the Italian women as gifts. Thousands of dollars are thus realized by the church every year. In the basement several priests were kept busy all day receiving gifts of money, jewelry and candles, in return for which each giver received a picture of a saint, a rosary or a scapular. The latter seemed to be in special favor with the women and children, for they went away hugging and kissing them. Things did not go altogether smoothly, however. A 