"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 4, 1894. NUMBER 39.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - LAST week we said : Let not the people of these States, or of the United States, laugh at the absurd conception from which springs the " infallibility " of the pope of Rome until they are sure that they them-selves are entirely clear of all such con-ception in their own practice. or in their consent even. THIS word of advice is strictly appro-priate, for the simple reason that in nearly all the States, and in the United States, there is established in its very essence the papal principle of infallibility: namely, that authority to act for the public in matters of religion and religious observ-ances, is derived from the seat that is occupied by the officious official at the time of his officious action. IN all the States of this Union, and in the Government of the United States there are officials especially legislative and judiciaryŠwho exercise prerogatives that are either usurped wholly, or else derived solely from the official seal which they occupy, and from nothing else under the sun. And the vast majority of the people consent to it without a word, while per-haps a majority of these justify it in their actions and in the practice of the officious officials. IT is a fact too notorious to require any proof, that in the legislative and judicial proceedings of the government of the States and of the United States, laws are made, construed, and confirmed, and executed which establish religious dogmas and insti-tutions and enforce them upon the people. For instance, the Supreme Court of the United States has decided for the people of the United States that " this is a reli-,gious people," and accordingly that " this is a Christian nation." And the Congress of the United States has decided for the people that the fourth commandment " means " that " the first day of the week,  commonly called Sunday," is the Sabbath, and have fixed that interpretation in the legislation of the nation to be enforced upon all' the people. The same things, and other like things, have been done by the legislators and judges of all the States, except one or perhaps two. And not only do the vast majority of the people consent to it, but thousands upon thousands of the people justify it, while nearly the whole religious element of the nationŠprofessed Protestants tooŠactually require it, and, indeed, so far as lies in their power, force it. Now where did these men who happen for the time to be legislators or judges, get their right to do these things ? How did they become possessed of the preroga-tive to interpret the Scriptures and decide religious questions for the people ? No one will allow that any one of these per-sons merely as a man, simply as a private citizen, ever had, or ever could have had, any shadow of right to interpret the Bible or decide any religious que'stion for any other man or citizen in any way, much less to decide it and fix it in an authorita-tive rule to be enforced upon all, or upon any man, in the State or nation. So cer-tainly is this true that if any one of these men, when he was merely a man and a private citizen, had undertaken to do such a thing his action would have been swiftly resented as a piece of unbearable im-pertinence. Yet, lo! when he is an official he not only does this very thing, but it is expected by multitudes of the people that his action in this shall be accepted by all as valid, and be received as authoritative, and be respected and obeyed accordingly. Yesterday any such action would have been resented by everybody, while to-day it must needs be accepted and respected by everybody ! But what wrought this so important a change in the condition and prerogatives of the man ? On, yesterday he was but a man like all the rest of us, while to-day he is in official position. But what caused this change ? How did he get into that official position ?ŠIt was all done simply by the votes of men like himselfŠhis fellow-citizens. Yesterday lie was as destitute as all the others of every shadow of such pre- rogative, while to-day he is amply clothed with it: and all this because, as with the other pope, enough men as destitute of it as himself, voted for him to elect him to that office; or because he was appointed to the office by a man who was so elected. Yet even this is not the full statement of the case; because even when he is elected he does not possess it until he has been " sworn in " to the office, and even then he does not possess it in available form until he takes his seat in the legislative hall or on the judicial bench and acts officially from that seat. As a mere man or private citizen no one will allow that he has any shadow of right or authority to act for another in any question of reli-gion or religious observance; when he is elected he does not have it till he is sworn in; and even when he is sworn in he does not have it until he acts from his official seat. IT is therefore perfectly plain that all our legislators and judges get all the au-thority and prerogative that they exercise in matters of religion, precisely where and precisely as the pope of Rome gets his, namely, from the seat which they occupy when they speak with the authority that is to be heard by the whole people. For as no one of them as a man or a private citizen had any shadow of such authority, as no one who voted for any of them had any shadow of any such authority, it is impossible that any one of them could have derived this prerogative from any-thing that made him an official, except upon the principle from which the other pope derives his, namely, that like pro-duces totally unlike, and out of nothing something comes. And as even when he has become an official by the votes of those who had no shadow of any such right or authority, this prerogative is not avail-able until he occupies the official seat, it follows inevitably that it is the seat alone from which the legislator or the judge obtains all his right, all his authority, and all his prerogative, to speak or act in questions of religion or religious observ-ances for all the people. CONSEQUENTLY no legislator or judge who ever did, or who ever shall, act in the making or Łenforcing of a Sunday law, or any other law touching religion or reli- - - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 