96 THE AMER=ICAN SENTINEL, Vol. 4, No. 12. '111-e An2ePicar2 Bei2tir2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL 10, 1889. NoTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE St. Joseph (Missouri) News of March 13 says: "The Sunday question will be one of the issues in the election next month. It is reported that politics will be laid aside, and the fight will be on Sunday or no Sunday." 4, - SAYS the Cincinnati Commercial Gazette: "We have a profound respect for the pulpit. It is a great power. It should be far greater than it is and it would be if it kept severely within its legiti-mate sphere; but whenever it meddles with matters that are not within that sphere it loses its influ-ence." And so say we. IN another column we have called attention to the fact that Hon: T. C. Richmond, the Prohi-bition leader in Wisconsin, has been constantly and strenuously advocating that the party adhere to the one issue of prohibition ; and now comes the announcement that he has withdrawn from active labor, and has issued his farewell address to the Prohibitionists of the State. This is very signifi-cant. It shows that a man who is simply a pro-hibitionist, whose sole aim is the extirpation of the liquor traffic, cannot work harmoniously with the Prohibition party. NEXT week we shall give some facts about recent Sunday legislation in Arkansas. A bill taking away the liberties granted in the act of two years ago, which was secured through the efforts of Col. R. H. Crockett, has already passed the Senate. Some of the speeches made on the occasion or its passage were 'most intolerant. We should like to present it this week, but that would involve the holding over of too much matter already in type. We have also a choice remnant of medieval barbarism to present from one of Oak-land's honored clergymen. It will show. how the mania for Sunday laws blunts all sense of justice and right. THE Standard says: "Emperor William de-serves the4gratitude of his subjects for stopping horse-racing on Sunday. What a blessing it would be if we had an emperor' just long enough to issue an edict against some of our Sunday abominations and desecrations." Never fear, friend Standard; you will find a hierarchy despotic enough to suit the most intolerant. When the National Reform Association, the National Sab-bath Union, et al., get their scheme into running order, Emperor William and the Czar can come to this country to take lessons in despotic govern-ment. 1. Ł +*- THE Christian Statesman's correspondent who writes from the Senate Chamber at Sacramento about the Sunday bill that was introduced into the California Legislature, but failed to pass, says :Š " Some editors, lawyers, and ministers had been circulating a counter petition to the one in favor of the Sunday bill, and thousands of signatures  had been obtained, principally Adventists and laboring classes." It would seem strange if editors, lawyers, and ministers should circulate a petition and still not sign it; but allowing that the counter petition was signed only by the laboring class, what be-comes of the argument that the clamor for a Sun-day law comes from that class? Ł Ł +- THE Sunday-law people will find a good many hard problems before they get through with the job they have undertaken. They imagine that the enactment and enforcement of a Sunday law is going to do away with almost all lawlessness. As a matter of fact, we believe it will make more. It is certain that men cannot be made religious or moral by law. The fact that a strict Sunday law stops all work, will not make people any more religiously inclined than before. Those who respect Sunday as a sacred day will conform to the law, for they would abstain from work and amusement if there were no law, while those who have no conscientious scruples in regard to Sun-day, being debarred from their ordinary amuse-ments, will break out in some other place. Sun-day laws will not make them religious, nor will they make them act as though they were religious. ONE more instance is given in the Christian Statesman of March 14, of the unity of purpose of the -Women's Christian Temperance Union and the National his Association. Secretary Wylie devotes report to a eulogy of a woman suffrage speech by Miss Shaw, superintendent of the Franchise Department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, at the annual con-vention of the Steuben County Union in Ray, Indiana, and closes with the statement that "del-egates were appointed to attend the National Re-form Convention in Pittsburg in April." We are in favor of temperance, especially of Chris-tian temperance, but we should like to know how we can oppose the work that is falsely called National Reform and not oppose the work that the so-called Woman's Christian Temperance Union is now doing. It is fast getting to be a temperance union only in name, and its Christianity is almost all politics. And such politics! SAYS the Pearl of Days: "It will become more and more apparent that the real defenders of the day [Sunday] are among those who regard it a, divine, not merely a human, institution." Very true; that is what we have always claimed. And that proves that those who are working for laws enforcing its observance are working for the en-forcement of a religious institution upon the people,regardless of their belief. This th ey do avowedly, although, because the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL has exposed the wickedness of such legis-lation, they often deny it. Yet in the very same issue from which the above was quoted, we find the following in the report of a speech by Col. Elliott F. Shepard, president of the American Sabbath Union:Š "You have to say yes' or no,' whether you will stand by the decalogueŠwhether you will stand by the Lord God AlmightyŠor whether you will turn your back upon him. The work, there fore, of this society is only just begun. We do not put this work on mere human reasoning, for all that can be overthrown by human reason. We rest it directly and only on the divine command-ment." This is from headquarters. It is official. Quote it to your friends when they begin to talk about Sunday laws from a health standpoint. What the People Say and Do. WE are receiving many encouraging letters from those who believe in the golden rule and the principles advocated by the AMERICAN SENTINEL. Some of the letters contain donations of from $5.00 to $500, to aid in circulating anti-National Reform literature. We give below extracts from a few of these letters. A gentleman in Rochester N. Y., writes "A friend in Michigan has sent me a copy of the January SEN-TINEL and one of the Battle Creek Journals containing  the three grand addresses delivered in that city by A. T. Jones in defense of the Constitution. The result has been to make me a convert to your ideas in regard to religious legislation, and arouse in me a strong  desire to do all I can to spread the truth. So I thought I would ask you to send me a few copies of your January number to use in soliciting  subscribers. I do not think my neighbors are awake to the threatening  dangers of the Blair bills. I would like a copy or two of the petition against those bills to circulate for signers." "QUEEN'S ROAD, Hull, Eng., Feb. 7, 1889. " DEAR PUBLISHERS: Though I have been absent from America for more than seven years, I still feel deeply interested in the work in which you are engaged;  and I rejoice that God has opened so clearly before your vision the real issue of this ques-tion, which is of vital interest to every citizen of our gloriotis republic. No compromise with those who are forging shackles by which to bind freemen, but one exemption from the pro-posed amendment, and thatŠthe republic, race, politics, and re-ligion, no impediments! For all, liberty, an army of devoted men and women, with lives and property set for the defense of the Federal Constitution, which vouchsafes the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity! Here is patriotism, phi-lanthropy, magnanimity, Christianity! May God bless all whose efforts are thitherward directed. " Many, no doubt, will be interested in the circulation of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, and do all that they can, reasonably, for its success. Perhaps those whose efforts are directed in securing signatures to the petitions favoring the Constitution as it is will not be so numerous, though its importance can hardly be over-estimated. " For the present we are deprived of the privilege of joining with you in the struggle. Our sympathies are with you, and our prayers are for you Be of good courage. "Yours faithfully, A. A. JOHN  " P. S. ŠInclosed please find ordtr for $5.00 Use in either circu-lating the petitions or SENTINEL, as seems best to you who are in the conflict." "PETALUMA, Cal., Feb. 12, 1889. " DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will find cash for one year's sub-scription to the SENTINEL. I am an out-and-out free-thinker, but your journal is so frank and patriotic, so free from con-tumely and slander, so broad and liberal in its religious views, such a stern advocate and defender of our Constitution, that it finds its way to the heart of every true American who has read it. I remain yours, H. J. SCHROOBEDA." Rev. E. H. Fairchild, president Berea College (Kentucky), writes  :Š ‚I la ve read the SENTINEL and heartily approve of its position inr‚egIard to the Union of Church and State. . . . "Those who desire the Sabbath to be made a legal holiday have a right to secure protection against unnecessary disturb-ances if they have the power, but cannot require others to keep the Sabbath holy." A minister in Nashua, Iowa, writes:Š " You say the SENTINEL is opposed to everything tending  to a union of Church and State. I, too, am heartily opposed to such a union, and I earnestly hope and pray that it may never he effected. The right to ' life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness,' is too precious to be sold so cheaply. " Some months ago a few copies of the SENTINEL were sent to me, and I was glad to learn that it met the issues so boldly and ably, yet kindly." [iv THE HEHRT OF THE SIERRHS, BY J. M. HUTCHINGS. Tius new work is a complete historical and descriptive sum-mary of the wonderful Yo Semite Valley and Big Tree Groves. The author, Mr. Hutchings, is an old pioneer, and has for more than 20 years resided in the Valley. He took the first sketches of it that were ever taken, and was the first to make its MARVELOUS GRANDEUR KNOWN TO THE WORLD. The work is complete in one volume of nearly 600 pages, and is illustrated with over 150 illustrations, 28 of which are BEAUTIFUL FULL-PAGE ARTOTYPES. These artotypes are the most charmingly characteristic of any illustrations ever produced, and are perfectly true to life, having been photographed from nature. Sold only by subscription. Agents wanted everywhere. For prices and terms, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and ' the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AIVIERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 