hr's,,  Jqual and &xactJubtice to all Men, of Whatever State or Cersuazion, Veligious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JUNE 30, 1892. NUMBER 26. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY TRH PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 RoRti ST., NEW Yoan. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc EE. No legislation can annul the ordinances of nature or abrogate the statutes of the Almighty.ŠJohn J. Ingalls. Š0Š "THE Stundists in Russia," says a late cablegram, " are being persecuted with unabated vigor." So are the Adventists in Tennessee. _o_ THERE is no tyranny like religious tyranny, and once admit that religion can be controlled by law, or that it can con-trol law, and freedom is goneŠfreedom sand freedom of the citizen is gone if reli-gion is to control the law.ŠMrs. Susan Bullitt Dixon. Š0--- WE hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with cer-tain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness. That to secure these rights, Gov-ernments are instituted among men.ŠDeclaration of Independence. _0_ THE following from the decision of Judge Hammond in the case of R. M. King, is of interest in connection with the like cases of the Adventists tried in Henry County, Tenn., last month. Judge Hammond thus stated his views as to what is the measure of religious liberty, contemplated and guaranteed by the Con-stitution of Tennessee :Š Sectarian religious belief is guaranteed by the Constitution, not in the sense argued here, that King, as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other, as a Jew, or yet another, as a Seventh day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please,  of other sects having control of legislation in the matter of Sunday observance; but only in the sense that he himself should not be disturbed in the practices of his creed ; which is quite a differ-ent thing from saying that in the course of his daily labor . . . he might disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects. That is to say, a man may belong ,to sect; that sect may have a creed; they may practice according to that creed, and may not be disturbed in such practice; but at the same time, they must conform to the laws made in aid of the religion of other sects, who have control of legisla-tion. Š0Š ACCORDING to Judge Hammond's inter-pretation of Tennessee law, if a man be a Baptist he may practice the precepts of the Baptist creed, but if the Methodists should have control of legislation, they could oblige the Baptists by law to con-form to the precepts of the Methodist creed. Or one company of people might be Methodists, another Baptists, another Quakers, and so on; but if the Roman Catholics only had control of legislation, and should enact laws enforcing Roman Catholic doctrines and precepts, then the Baptistp, Methodists, Quakers, etc., would all be obliged to conform to the Roman Catholic precepts, as by law required. And although protected in the undis-turbed practice of their own creeds, none of these dissenting sects would be in any wise at liberty to disregard the laws made in aid of the religion of the Roman Cath-olic sect ! And such, according to Judge Hammond's views, is the freedom of re-ligious belief guaranteed by the Constitu-tion of Tennessee! Š0Š IN the case of the imprisoned Advent-ists in Henry County, Tenn., Judge Swig-gart said that were it, not for the decision of the Supreme Court, in a like case, to the effect that Sunday labor constitutes a nui-sance whether anybody is actually dis-turbed by it or not, he would be inclined to hold that a nuisance had not been proved. In like manner United States  Judge Hammond said in the case of R. M. King, that if it were within his prov-ince to decide that question, he would have no difficulty in thinking that King was wrongfully convicted, and that there is not any foundation for the ruling of the Supreme Court of Tennessee that it is a common law nuisance to work in one's field on Sunday. But, although he dis-tinctly said that King was wrongfully convicted, and the State Court wrongfully decided when it confirmed his conviction, yet, as it rested exclusively with the State Court to decide what was common law in the State, and as the State court had de-cided that such was common law, it did not belong to the United States Court to overrule the State decision; and there-fore he decided that though the thing was wrongfully done, yet it was due process of law. Surely when judges thus declare their inability to right confessed wrongs, " judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off; for truth is fallen in the street, and equity can not enter." They Suffer in Silence. SPRINGVILLE, Tenn., of unenviable no-toriety because of the persecution of Sev-enth-day Adventists with which the name is associated, is a flag station on the Memphis branch of the Louisville and Nashville Railroad, about one hundred and twenty-five miles west of Nashville. The total population of the village is sev-enty-five souls. A mile and a half east of the village is the Seventh-day Adventist Church building, and in the immediate neighborhood of the church reside the forty or more Adventists and their fami-lies that compose the membership of the church and Sabbath-school. The railroad and a single county road run through the neighborhood, but a number of private or neighborhood roads make the several small farms in the vicinity easily acces-sible. " The Adventist settlement," as some term it, is one of the most tranquil to be 