126 THE AMERICAN authority, which has no right to govern, and which it is intolerable tyranny to compel me to obey." He then pursues another method of reasoning, which, under color of a single concession, brings him to the same conclusions, the main object, that is, the absolute and universal power of the Papacy, never being lost sight of. Agreeing that the State has some authority within the limits of the law of nature, he concedes to it the right to act "without ecclesiastical restraint or interfer- ence," when, and only so long as, it confines itself within the scope of that law. But he puts such limitations upon even this restricted right as to render it of no avail for any of the purposes of an independent Government, by insisting that as the Papacy holds its authority directly from God, and exercises it under his revealed law, which in-cludes the law of nature, it is, therefore, the only competent judge of infractions upon both the re-vealed and the natural law. Speaking of the churchŠand since the decree of Papal infallibil-ity he, of course, means the Pope, who represents and absorbs all the authority of the churchŠhe says :Š " She is, under God, the supreme judge of both laws, which for her are but one law; and hence she takes cognizance, in her tribunals, of the breaches of the natural law as well as of the revealed, and has the right to take cognizance by Nations as well as of its breaches by individuals, by the prince as well as the subject, for it is the supreme law for both. The State is, therefore, only an inferior court, bound to receive the law from the Supreme Court, and liable to have its de-crees reversed on appeal." These sentiments were not uttered from mere impulse, or in the heat of animated discussion ; they were carefully formed and elaborated in the Zloset, and sent forth, with full deliberation and hierarchical sanction, to prepare the minds of the Roman Catholic part of our population for events which have since transpired, and which were then, doubtless, anticipated. They had, un-doubtedly, the full approval of the highest author-ities of the church in the United States ; for so wonderfully perfect is the plan of Papal organiza-tion, that their author would not have acquired the distinguished position he has since reached in the church, if he had ventured to commit the Pa-pacy wrongfully upon questions of so much deli-cacy and importance. Dr. Brownson had pre-pared himself for the adoption of these views by previous study of the Papal system, and was, therefore, as a native citizen, the most fit per-son to give them public utterance, it being very naturally supposed, no doubt, that the people of this country would silently submit to harsh criti-cism upon the principles of their government when made by a native, when the same criticism made by a foreigner would arouse their just in-dignation. An intelligent and educated mind like his could not fail to see that the principles he enunciated were diametrically opposed to the whole theory of American government, and that the logical consequence of their supremacy in the United States would be the end of popular gov-ernment, by the substitution for it of one in the ecclesiastical form. He had, but a few years ago, announced that "the Roman Catholic religion assumes, as its point of departure, that it is in-stituted, not to be taken care of by the people, but to take bare of the people ; not to be gov-erned by them, but to govern them ;" and from this standpoint of deadly hostility to the institu-tions under which he was born, and which allowed him the liberty he was so unpatriotically abusing, it was but a single step to such bold and auda-cious avowals as the following:Š "The people need governing, and must be gov- erned. . . They must have a master. . . . The religion which is to answer our purpose must be above the people, and able to command them. . . . The first lesson to the child is, obey; the first and last lesson to the people, individually and collectively, is, obey; and there is 'no obedience where there is no authority to enjoin it. . . . The Roman Catholic religion, then, is necessary to sustain popular liberty, because popular liberty can be sustained only by a religion free from pop-ular control, above the people, speaking from above and able to command them; and such a re-ligion is the Roman Catholic. . . . In this sense, we wish this country to come under the Pope of Rome. As the visible head of the church, the spiritual authority which Almighty God has in-stituted to teach and govern the nations, we assert his supremacy, and tell our countrymen that we would have them submit to him. They may flare up at this as much as they please, and write as many alarming and abusive editorials as they choose, or can find time and space to doŠthey will not move us, or relieve themselves from the obligation Almighty God has placed them under of obeying the authority of the Catholic Church, Pope and all." . . . These matters are of sufficient import to arrest public attention ; and it is time that the people of the United States understood the manner in which a foreign-born priesthood, educated for the purpose, are employing the freedom granted them by our institutionsŠwhat they mean when they write and talk about the freedom of their church Šand what the end may be if they shall quietly and unresistingly submit to have replanted here the Papal imperialism which has been expelled from every enlightened Nation in Europe. When a Protestant talks of freedom, he means the self-governmen t of the people in all their civil affairs ; when the Papal hierarchy talk of it, they mean the freedom of the Papacy to govern the world, through the Pope and themselves, as his agents and auxiliaries. And when, in this country, we speak of the "liberty of conscience," we mean that every man shall be permitted to worship God as his own personal convictions of duty shall dictate. But the Papal hierarchy have no such meaning, and intend nothing of this sort. With them "liberty of conscience" consists merely of "the right to embrace, profess, and practice the Catholic religion," in a Protestant country; not the right to embrace, profess, and practice the Protestant religion in a Roman Catholic country! And why do they not concede this latter right, while demanding the former with such steady persistence? The answer with them is always at hand, when it is expedient to make it ; be-cause " infidelity" is "the last logical consequence of Protestantism ; " and, therefore, Protestantism, being thus opposed to-the law of God, cannot be tolerated, or compromised with, without sin, and must be exterminated !ŠThe Papacy and the Civil Power. Ł Ł 1. THE Pittsburg Gazette of April 5 said : " The Shiras bill repealing the penalty clause of the act relating to the sale of commodities on Sunday was yesterday reported to the House with a negative recommendation. Under the act of 1794 any person guilty of performing worldly employment on Sunday, or engaging in sports or diversions on that clay, are liable to a fine of $4.00 or in de-fault thereof to an imprisonment of six days." The bill in question did not disturb the old act,  but simply proposed the repeal of the_ supplement passed in 1855, which increased the penalty in Alleghany County to $25 fine, and imprisonment of not less than ten nor more than thirty days. As the Gazette says, "The negative recommenda-tion of the committee may be taken as indicative of the action of the Legislature when the bill comes before it." Sunday-law makers know nothing of the scripture, "I will have mercy, and not sacrifice." Is it .because they know not the one who uttered the words ? IN the Christian Statesman of March 7, Rev. William Weir, district secretary of the National Reform Association, published an article entitled, "Politics without Christ," in which he made an attack upon the Republican convention held last summer at Chicago. He referred to it as "a pro-fane," "Sabbath-desecrating," "drunken conven-tion," and other such like gentle expressions in Christian, charitable estimates. In the Statesman of March 7, Mr. J. G. Car-son, who was "present at the convention and wit-nessed all the proceedings," replied in a very just and temperate statement of facts in regard to the convention, and closed his article with these words :Š "It only remains to say that if the spirit of un-charitable judging which characterizes the article of Mr. Weir, and which to a large extent is found in the organs (such as the Voice), and the leading writers and speakers of that party which Mr. Weir styles the star of the morning,' and the new force in American politics,'Šif these specimens of its virus of political affairs and conduct of them' are what is meant by politics with Christ' or Christ in poli-tics,' then it is to be feared that what he styles the cure for politics without Christ,' is worse than the dis-ease." Our object here is not to express any partisan view or sympathy in regard to that convention because it was a Republican convention, but only to say that Mr. Carson's conclusion is entirely just. That which the National Reform Associa-tion proposes as the cure for the corruption of politics as it now is, will be ten thousand times worse than the disease, as bad as it may be. In-stead of curing any form of disease that now af-fects the body politic, it will create an untold number of new diseases from which the body poli-tic has hitherto been entirely free, and must re-main entirely free so long as our system of gov-ernment shall remain as it is,Šutterly separated from any connection with religion. THE Rev. Dr. Harcourt, of San Francisco, says a great many sensible things that his brother ministers of the Methodist Episcopal Church would do well to give heed to. On Sunday, April, 14, he preached a sermon from the text, "Upon this rock I will Juild my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it," in the course of which he said :Š " There is no greater folly than that contained in the cry of many lazy Christians, Oh, we i  can't com-pete with the saloons !' Such a statement s dishonor-ing to the cause of Christianity. We can compete with the saloons, and if ever men are drawn from the ways of sin it will be by and through the attractions of religious ways." This is in line with what we have often said, that if the churches would devote their time and energies to the preaching of the gospel, they would not feel the need of religious legislation by the State. The appeal for Sunday laws, and for the enforced teaching of the principles of the Christian religion, is a humiliating confession on the part of the church people making it, that they have wholly lost the power of the gospel, 