28 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Studies in French History.-54. "IT was quite an unfortunate thing," began Profes-sor Carman, "that Louis the Sixteenth was born to be a great king. The one thing that he was really fitted to do, was the work of a locksmith. He did not at all enjoy doing his kingly duties, and it was quite as unfortunate for the people as for himself that he was not more of a king." "Was he a royal looking man?" asked Milly Brown, at which everyone smiledŠbecause she rarely forgot to ask that question. "No, Milly; he was not even kingly looking. He had a very plain faceŠunlike his royal grandfatherŠand his manner of walking and carrying himself was quite clumsy and odd. Yet the king really did have a kind heart, and would have been glad to make his people prosperous and happy, if he had known how." "Couldn't his minister help him?" asked practical Jack. "The first minister, named Count de Maurepas, was no help to him or to France; but the king did better when he appointed Turgot as Minister of Finance. This man was really one of the greatest statesmen of the eighteenth century. But the queen became displeased with him because he insisted upon strict economy even in the royal houSehold, and poor Marie Antoinette was not at this time accustomed to economizing; little did she think that the day was not far distant when she who so loved luxury and pleasure would have no place to lay her head save within the four walls of a well guarded prison." "0 I am so anxious to hear all about her!" exclaimed Julia March. "When will you give us a little account of her, professor?" "When we come to the study of the 'Revolution,' we will hear more about her; but I am thinking that we will have a rest for a few weeks before beginning this," smiled her teacher. "Well, the come out of it all was that this excellent man Turgot was dismissed from office, at which the rich lords were very much pleased. A man named Necker took his place. He was a good financier,Šhe was a banker from SwitzerlandŠalso, and seeing at once that there was much of the people's money squandered by those who had been placed in petty office, he wisely did  away altogether with these, and lest some might think he was saving money simply to enrich himself, he refused to receive any payment at all for his services." "He must have been a very unselfish man," remarked Charlie White. "Yes; more so than most men are nowadays. "It was about this time that the war of the American Revolution was begun. And as the poor French people were having such a hard time of it, they began to wonder why, if America could resist England, and be independ-ent of royalty altogether, they might not also refuse to endure any longer the terrible injustices that had been heaped upon them." "I wonder if it wasn't this feeling of sympathy which " made France so kind and helpful to us," suggested Max Smith. "I think so; and besides our Congress seemed to im-agine that France would espouse the cause of freedom, and so sent the grand old patriot Benjamin Franklin over to see if they would be willing to join us. Of course you all know how it turned out. Although the king was dis-inclined to have any trouble with England, he could not refuse the united desire of the people; so he sent someŁ ships over here,Šand finally in 1778 espoused our cause by acknowledging that we were independent. Who can name some of the French commanders who were of great help to America in that dreadful struggle?" "Of course General La Fayette ought to be mentioned first," said Ed. Barnaby. "Yes, and then there are De Grasse and Rochambean and D'Estaing," said Edna Phillips. "Good. Well, when Franklin appeared before the vain court of France, among the ruffles and embroidery and powdered wigs and jaunty three-cornered hats, he-must have looked very plain and old-fashioned to theŁ fine lords." "What did he wear?" asked Milly. "A good, warm, fur cap, for one thing, and there was-nothing silly or vain in his dress. Yet the French ladies petted him a good deal, and if he had not been so old and so sensible, they might perhaps have turned his. head." "I think America ought to be real grateful to France-even yet," said Will Barnaby. "I do not think she has ever ceased to be thankful," replied the teacher. "Of course England and France at once went to war on the account. But finally peace was declared between the three countries in 1783." "I'd like to ask," said practical Jack, "if Queen Marie-Antoinette had learned to be a little less extravagant by this time." - "I was just about to speak of her," answered Profes-sor Carman, "and I am sorry to tell you, Jack, that the-historian assures us that she continued to grow more extravagantŠat least she and her fine friends used so much money that the treasury was quite empty. Necker was doing his utmost to replenish it all the time, but to. 