TH8 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 291 power, ought not to be observed at all. Any re-ligion that cannot sustain itself or its observances in the world without the aid of civil government is unworthy of the consideration of mankind. As those who are working most strenuously for Sunday legislation, are doing it professedly in the Christian name; and as the movement can only do the more harm to the Christian name as it be-comes the more popular and powerful ; so those who most love Christ will oppose the movement most. That is what the SENTINEL opposes and this is why we oppose it. And those who know the most about true Christianity will easily under-stand our opposition the best. Opposition to false religion is not opposition to all religion. Opposition to false forms of the true religion is not opposition to all religion. Opposition to false methods of securing conforinity to false forms of the true religion is not opposition to all religion. Opposition to false methods of securing conform-ity to even the true forms of the true religion, is not at all opposition to all religion. Will the News please note; for this is the opposition which the SENTINEL conducts. A. T. J. Religion and the Public Schools. (Concluded.) "IF the State is to furnish education in religion, in what, I ask, shall it consist? Who shall judge and determine what is true and what false in all that claims to be religion, or even ChristianityŠwho shall pronounce with authority of law what is to be taught as embraced within what have been styled the fundamental-or elementary truths of religionŠwho shall declare the amount, and kind, and degree of the knowledge to be im-parted ? "These are important questions, seriously pro-pounded and deserving of respectful answer. The gentlemen on the other side, say they limit the religious instruction demanded to what they call a 'broad Christianity.' I have already once or twice adverted to the term. I do not know that I understand it. If I do, it is a broad' humbug. The Christian religion is not a vain and unmeaning generality. It is a definite and, positive thing. It means something or it means nothing. In my view it is a supernatural scheme of redemptionŠa revelation from God of his gra-cious purpose and plan of salvation, to a race, 'dead in trespasses and sins,' through the media-tion and atonement of Jesus Christ, who, being God from eternity, became incarnate and by his death upon the cross became a sacrifice for sin, made expiation for it, and having risen from the grave ascended into heaven and there sitteth on the right hand of the Father to make intercession for his people. The whole character and value of it as a religion, consists altogether in being, as it claims to be, a supernatural plan of salvation from sin, otherwise irremediable. Strike out from the Bible the parts which disclose, reveal, and teach that scheme, and the rest is insignificant. And any instruction or education in religion which does not specifically teach the facts which constitute that scheme, and which cannot be stated even, except as conveying dogma, is no in-struction in the Christian religion whateverŠit is simply instruction in philosophy and ethics, or practical morals. Ł "Now, I deny the authority and the ability of civil government to decide upon questions of re-ligious truth. "Now, if your honors please, the truth of re-ligion is a matter of spiritual discernment. As the apostle Paul has said : 'But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him; neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned.' It is a matter of spiritual discernment, and I ask the question in all sobriety where, in the constitution and organization of any civil commonwealth on the earth, from the beginning to the present day, there has ever been found a body of civil legisla-tors capable of deciding for anybody but itself what is the truth in religion. "There is an old lesson on this subject. I find that in the trial of Jesus, as recorded in the Gos-pel of John, that the chief priests accused him before Pilate of blasphemy, saying: We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.' When Pilate had arraigned him; he said to him, Art thou the king of the Jews? Jesus answered him, Sayest thou this thing of thyself, or did others tell it thee of me? Pilate answered, Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto inc. What hast thou done ? Jesus an-swered, My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from hence.' Then when the Jews found that Pilate would not take jurisdiction of the case on the charge of blasphemy, on the ground that he had made himself the Son of God, and so had vio-lated the law of the Jewish theocracy, they charged him with treason, on the ground that he was claiming to set himself up against Caesar as king, and when they found out that Pilate sought to release him, the Jews cried out: 'If thou let this man go, thou art not Cmsar's friend. Who-soever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar.' "In this colloquy between Pilate and our Lord on this point, as to his kingship, and the nature of his kingdom, Pilate said unto him : 'Art thou a king then ? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Everyone that is of the truth heareth my voice. Pilate said unto him, What is truth? Then was the head of the civil State 'unable to comprehend, because unable, spirit-ually, to see the truth, as it is in JesusŠthe truth of religion. " Let the civil authorities now as well as then, beware, when called upon by popular clamor, whether of Pharisees or priests, to pronounce upon religious truth, lest, in their necessary igno-rance to discern it, they do not crucify the Lord of glory afresh! And let his disciples beware, lest, in tossing the Bible and its precious truths into the arena of political controversy, they vio-late that injunction and warningŠ' Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you.' *-* " It is said there are hundreds and thousands of children in this goodly, this Christian city, that have no chance or opportunity for being educated in what my friends on the other side call 'the ele-mentary truths of Christianity,' not even a knowl-edge of that broad Christianity,' unless it can be given to them by a perusal every morning, by the teacher, of a few verses out of the Bible in the common school. I say, if it be so, it is a la- mentable confession of great lack and neglect of duty, not on the part of the State, but on the part of the church, meaning by that the invisi-ble body of true believers who are, as they be-lieve, to create the kingdom of heaven upon earth. "It is said they are in the by-ways, lanes, and alleys. And can they not be reached there? Cannot the church send out its ministers, or are they too busy, day after day, in their studies, pre-paring to dole out dogmatic theology Sunday after Sunday, to the tired ears of their wearied congregations? Cannot they send out their Sun-day-school teachers? Cannot they send out their missionaries? Why the command of the Saviour was to go out into the streets and lanes of the city, and into the highways and hedges, and bring all in, bring them in to the feast which he had preparedŠthis feast of fat things, of goodly things. Must we say that the church has grown idle and lazy, and can only hobble on its crutches, and therefore that our school directors must set themselves up as teachers of religious truth ? No ! Let the church cease to depend upon any adventitious or external aids. Let it rely solely upon the omnipotent strength of the Spirit of the Lord that is in it. Let it say to the State, 'Hands off; it is our business, it is our duty, it is our priv-ilege to educate the children in religion and the true knowledge of godliness. Don't let them starve on the husks of a broad Christianity. Let us give them that which is definite, and dis-tinct, and pointedŠthe everlasting and saving truths of God's immortal gospel. " Don't teach them, Be virtuous and you shall be happy,' but believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved.' Now, I say, and I say it with all due humility, as one not called upon to instruct, but nevertheless, to say what is in me Šlet the church say : Here is our field ; it is white to the harvest; here is our duty; here is our mission ; here is our work, to evangelize, to save the lost and perishing crowd. "Let her rise up in the full measure and majesty of her innate spiritual strengthŠlet her gird her loins for the mighty taskŠlet her address herself with all earnestness and heroic zeal to the great but self-rewarding labors of Christian loveŠlet her prove herself by her works of self-denying charity, to be the true church as Jesus proved himself to the disciples of John to be the true Messiah, when he told them Go and show John again those things which ye do hear and see; the blind receive their sight and the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed and the deaf hear, the dead are raised up and the poor have the gospel preached to them.' Let her organize all her forces for a more determined and closer, hand-to-hand, strug-gle with sin and evil, of every form, and the misery and wretchedness, of which they are the cause. Let her ministers and missionaries not only proclaim from their pulpits the unsearcha-ble riches of Christ,' but descending among the hungry multitudes, distribute to them the pre-cious bread of life. Let them declare to the rich, and the educated, their duties, their responsibil-ities, and their privileges, and lead them in per-son to the places where their work is to be done, and stimulate them by their example to do it. Let them inspire by their enthusiasm, and fire with their zeal, the indifferent and the slothful. Let them, by setting forth the beauty of holiness and the purity of 'the truth as it is in Jesus,' which is able to make us wise unto salvation, send the healthful and invigorating influences of 