:728 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. NOT JUST GOVERNMENT, BUT, THE JUST BASIS OF GOVERNMENT. CIVIL government May 'or may not be just, and we can not reasonably expect that any form of civil government always will be just; but it is, possible that civil gov,erprrient should always rest upon a just basis, andthe people have a-right to expect and demand that this shall- be true of the government under which they,live. The United States has not always been a just Government, but: it has :always rested on the just basis of civil government'. The Government was for a long period Unjust to the negroŠit maintained the system of negro slavery. , Other acts of injustice might be cited. BLit all the time the basis of the Government has been a just oneŠthe consent of the governed. The basis Of this Government is the principles announced to the world when the nation had its birthŠJulY 4, 1776. , Those - principles are stated in the Declaration of Independence. The reason why the colonists sepafated from Great Britain, as there stated, is that Great Britain did not recognize the " selfevident truths" that " all men are created equal," that ,the Creator has endowed all with "certain, unalienable rights," and that the purpose of civil governments among men is to' " pre-servethese rights," and therefore that civil govern-ments derive "their just powers from the consent of the governed." The colOnists separated from Gfeat Britain in order that they might establish a govern-ment which should, recogniz'e these truthsŠwhic,h should be established upon this basis. In the Con-stitution, however, there :was a recognition of the system 'of negro slavery; the Government was hot true to its own basic principles, and the' Civil War was the terrible-price it had to pay for its inconsist-ency and its injustice. The 'consent of the Łgoverned means always the just basis of government, but it cannot always mean justice in government. And' an act 'of injustice or incompetency on the part of a republican govern-ment cannot, properly be used as an argument for, dispensing with the consent of the governed and setting up a different form of government. Nor can the fact that the only government that would never do injustice would necessarily be baSed upon the law of God, be taken as an argument for making that law the basis of civil government in'the United States. The government of God is,based on the law  rof God;  and is never unjust; but' should men try 'to administer the civil :government on that basis, they would do terrible injustice to some'of the people all the time = -Touching this distinction between just govern-ment and government on a just.  basis, the following statements, addressed to the Ouilook by one. of its 'c-orresponderits, are to the point: " When, you 'deliberately reject this moral basis of government [-the consent of the governed], and treat as illusive the central idea of our national life, not a few of your readers are shocked. A favorite -illustration with you is-the sanitary gain to Santiago under General Wood. ,Suppose, if Maximilian' had established his throne, that he would have cleansed Vera Cruz of-  Yellow fever, would that justify his forcible government Of the Mexicans? Your ,illus-trations of the -rule of Quay and of the Tammany Society would be to the point if the Declaration said that all governments resting in consent of the governed are just. Instead, the principle declared is that the test-of fitness of a government to do its work and be rightly administered is the moral, basis, the support of a majority of 'the citizens. None maintain that such a government is necessarily just; but that, when sustained by the popular will, its er-rors are, on the,whole, less than its effect if enforCed from a power without,, acting against that will. ".The injustice and mistakes of governments con-stituted by the people are inevitable. But we do not question that the Supreme Court at Washington is a:just and right depository of judicial ,power be-cause, of its errors in, the Dred Scot case, or in its last decision against the income tax: Compared with the slow ,but peiwasive and natural grOWth of public sentiment leading to an enlightened consent of the gOverned, the arbitrary and forcible even , if benevolent, hygienic, and puritanicŠis plainly against nature, and ,is not less tyranny be-cause it ,has good ends in view. Surely this 'grad-ual process of educatiori and consent is the ethical; moral wayŠthe method of divine rule and revela-tion in the world;' and the readers of the Outlook-have learned to look for enlightened spiritual theo-ries of government, and not to expect there argu:  tnents, for the obsolete, 'materialistic, and specious doctrine of so-called Divine Right as a' basis of ruling others against their consent." THE reason why civil government can not be based on the law of God is that no man or assembly of menŠking, emperor, or' a majority of the people--are competent to apply the law of God to human affairs with infallible correctness. 