THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 83 the Germans, this was doubtless the best. Still, it was strange to deliver souls from pur-gatory, in order to purchase a manuscript history of the wars of the Roman people."ŠIJistory of the Reformation, book 3, chap. 3. Says Bower :Š "Leo, wanting to continue the magnificent structure of St. Peter's Church, begun by his predecessor Julius, but finding his coffers drained, chiefly by his own extravagance, in order to replenish them, granted, by a bull, a plenary indulgence, or remission of all sins, to such as should charitably contribute to that work."ŠHistory of the Popes, under Leo X., A. D. 1517. Says Macaulay:Š " It was to adorn Italy that the traffic in indulgences had been carried to that scandal-ous excess which had roused the indignation of Luther."ŠEssays, Von Ranke. And a Roman Catholic "History of the Church of God," written by B. J. Spalding, Roman Catholic priest, with a commendatory preface by Bishop Spalding, of Peoria, Ill., says:Š Ł "The incident which served as an oppor-tunity for the breaking out of Luther's revolt, was the promulgation by Leo X. (1517) of a plenary [bull] indulgence, the alms attached to the gaining of which were to defray the expenses of a crusade against the Turks and aid in completing the magnificent basilica of St. Peter's at Rome. The Dominican Tetzel was appointed to preach thiS indulgence in Germany."ŠPage 506. It is a, fact, therefore, that the papal treasury was exhausted, and that Leo resorted to the sale of indulgences to replenish it. Now to the third question of fact. The banished book says: "These indulgences were, in the early ages of the church, remis-sions of the penances imposed upon persons whose sins had brought scandal on the com-munity." Notice, this does not say that indul-gences were remissions of sins, but that they were remissions of the penances, or penalties, imposed upon persons because of their sins. Nor does it say by whom the penances were imposed. Now read the following definition of indulgence by Archbishop Purcell :Š "An indulgence is nothing more nor less than a remission of the temporal punishment which Often remains attached to the sin, after the eternal guilt has been forgiven the sin-ner, on his sincere repentance. . . . The doctrine of indulgences is this: When a hu-man being does everything in his power to atone for sin, God has left a power in the church, to remit a part or the entire of the temporal punishment due to it."ŠDebate with Campbell, pp. 307, 308. What Archbishop Purcell means by "tem-poral punishment," is precisely what Swinton's note means by penances imposed; for, to sus- tain his doctrine, the archbishop quoted 2 Cor. 2 : 6, 10, where Paul, speaking of that man who had been disfellowshiped, and had repented of his sin, says : " Sufficient to such a man is this punishment, which was inflicted [penance imposed] of many." "To whom ye forgive anything, I forgive also; for if I forgave any- thing, to whom I forgave it, for your sakes forgave I it in the person of Christ." Then the archbishop says:Š "` the person of Christ,' mark those words, that he, in the person of Christ, forgave Šwhat? Not the eternal guilt of the incest-uous manŠGod alone can forgive thatŠbut the temporal punishment; to restore him to the privileges of the church and Christian so-ciety." Therefore it is demonstrated that Swinton's note in that book is precisely the same state-ment of the doctrine of indulgences as that given by an archbishop of the Catholic Church. The other statement in the note is, that, "in process of time they [indulgences] were represented as actual pardons of guilt, and the purchaser of indulgence was said to be delivered from all his sins." Notice, this does not say that they were actual pardons of guilt, but only that they were represented as such. He does not say that the representation was true. It is but the statement of the fact that they were represented to be so and so. The note does not say that the purchaser of indul-gence was delivered from all his sins ; nor does it say that the Catholic Church teaches or taught that it was so; it simply states the fact that the purchaser was said to be delivered from all his sins. Now is it a fact that they were represented as actual pardons of guilt? Says the " Ency-clopedia Britannica :"Š "The doctrine of indulgences is singularly open to misunderstanding; and in its practi-cal applications it has too often been used to sanction the most flagrant immorality."ŠArt. Indulgences. If, therefore, that doctrine has been so used, will the Catholic Church say that indulgences were never represented as actual pardons of guilt? or that the purchaser was never said to be delivered from all sin? Will that church say that no person who ever handled or dis-pensed indulgences ever gave a wrong impres-sion as to the precise effect of them? This of itself would show that in the words used there is no reproach cast upon the Catholic Church. But read the following. A Jesuit historian, quoted by D'Aubigne, speaking of the associates of Tetzel, the chief indulgence peddler, says :Š "Some of theke preachers failed not, as usual, to outrage the subject which they treated, and so to exaggerate the value of in-dulgences as to make people suppose they were sure of their own salvation, and of the deliver-ance of souls from purgatory, as soon as the money was paid."ŠHistory of Reformation, book 3, chap. 1. And the Catholic " History of the Church 'of God," before quoted, says :Š " There had been for some time abuses in the form of dispensing and preaching indul-gences; pious bishops had pointed them out, and statesmen had protested against them. Tetzel did not altogether avoid the abuses, and later the Papal legate, Miltitz, sharply re-buked him for his indiscretions."ŠId., p. 506. Now read the following words of Tetzel himself:Š " Think, then, that for each mortal sin you must, after confession and contrition;  do pen-ance for seven years, either in this life or in purgatory. Now, how many mortal sins are committed in one dayŠin one week? How many in a monthŠa yearŠa whole life? Ah! these sins are almost innumerable, and innumerable_.sufferings must be endured for  them in purgatory. And now, by means of these letters of indulgence, you can at once, for lifeŠin all cases except four which are re-served to the Apostolic SeeŠand afterwards at the hour of death, obtain a full remission of all your pains and all your sins." These words make positive the fact stated in Swinton's note that indulgences were repre-sented to be actual pardons of guilt, and that the purchaser was said to be delivered from all sin. It is not sufficient for Catholics to say that such is not the teaching of the Cath-olic Church. The banished book does not say that such is or ever was the teaching of the Catholic Church. It simply says that such things " were represented," and " were said," and here are the words of Catholics showing that that is the fact. So the case of the book and the Boston School Board stands just thus :- 1. The book says that at the time of Leo X. the Papal treasury Was exhausted: and that is a historical fact. 2. The book says that to recruit his ex-hausted finances, he adopted an extensive sale of indulgences : and that is a historical fact. 3. The book says that indulgences were re-missions of the penances imposed upon per- sons because of their sins : and that is a doc-trinal fact of the Catholic teaching according to the words of a Catholic archbishop. 4. The book says that in process of time indulgences were represented as actual par- dons of guilt: and that is a literal historical fact. 5. The book says 'the purchaser of indul-gence was said to be delivered from all his sins: and that is the literal historical fact as to what was said. All of which conclusively demonstrates that the action of the Boston School Board in banishing that book from the public schools, rests not upon the slightest particle of justice or reason, but is wholly an exhibi-tion of that arbitrary and unreasoning despot-ism which is characteristic of the Papacy everywhere that it secures enough power to make itself felt. It demonstrates the fact that it is not the statements in the book that the Catholics hate, so much as it is that they hate everything that is not subject to the des-potic authority of Rome. For if historical facts in regard to which both Catholic and Protestant authorities agree, cannot be taught in the public schools without the interference of Rome, then what can be taught there with-out her dictation? That everyone may see for himself how the matter stood we append a copy of the indul- gence that was actually sold by Tetzel. Here it is :Š " May our Lord Jesus Christ have pity on thee, NN ' and absolve thee by the merit of his most holy passion. And I, in virtue of the apostolic power intrusted to me, absolve thee from all ecclesiastical censures, judgments, and penalties, which thou mayest have deserved; moreover, from all the ex-cesses, sins, and crimes, which thou mayest have committed, how great and enormous soever they may have been, and for whatever cause, even should they have been reserved 