752 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 30, 1899. WE are informed by Mr. J. T. Eaton of Rome, Ga., that his trial for the " offense" of not keeping Sunday, will take place about the middle of December. A NATIONAL Reform Convention is announced to be held in Broadway Tabernacle, New York city, December 5-7, at which " the Sabbath and its probably at present most dangerous foe, the Sunday newspaper, will be the most prominent subject for con-ference and action." A CARDINAL principle of the move-ment to unite church and state in this nation, is that the Government does not derive its just powers from the consent of the governed. Notice the flat-footed statement of this principle made by a leading repre-sentative of this movement at a Na-tional Reform convention recently held in Boston. See p. 747. That speaker spoke for the church. But at the same time the state in this country is saying the same thing, by the act of extending its authority over a foreign people against their will, and by the argu-ments put forth to justify the act. The church and the state are coming into harmony upon this point. But in repudiating the doctrine of government by consent of the gov-erned, in religion, what does the church repudiate? In religion, the doctrine of government by consent of the governethstands for the right of each individual to think and act four himself, independently of the au-thority of a pope. And this is what was affirmed in the "Protest of the Princes" at Spires. So that in repu-diating this doctrine, the church re-pudiates the "Protest" of the Prot-estant princes, from which is derived the term "Protestantism." What this great Protest was, and is, in the religious world, the Declar-ation of Independence is in the polit-ical world. The church has repudi-ated the one, and the state is repudi-ating the other. And in this both are ready to join hands. But Protestantism, in the church and in the state, still stands for the principle of government by consent of the governed. WHEN the Government undertakes to execute the will of God, there must be some authority to say what the will of God is. And that authority must be human; for while the Bible states what is the will of God, the people are not in agreement concern-ing the meaning of Scripture state-ments; so that while the Bible, in itself, is authority, there must be another authority to settle the ques-tion of what the Bible authority commands. And this new authority must be some man, or set of men. But just this authority is what is claimed by the pope of Rome. What then could the National Reform scheme result in but the establish-ment of another papacy? And the world does not need anotherpapacy; it could very well dispense with the one it already has. WE have heard from the Secretary of the "All American Order," a religio-political organization of Brooklyn, who tells us: "No doubt you are aware that Rome is the cause of our churches being demoralized through the evils that exist in this city. . . I will say in a few words, if you will advocate pure politics, church people attend primaries, put good men up for office and have only two parties, we can clean Rome out of existence in one election." Our friend is mistaken. We are not aware that "Rothe is the cause of our churches being demoralized." If the churches are demoralized, the trouble is internal, not external. All Rome outside of a church will not demoralize that church so long as the  principles of Rome are not allowed inside that church. But when the principles of Rome get into the church, there is demoralization speed-ily. The principles of Rome are summed up in the combination of religion with politics. And now we are asked to advocate a union of the church with politics, or in other words, that "church people attend the primaries," etc., in order that Rome may be over-thrown. Why, good friends, that is the very thing by which Rome was built up in the first place. If the Christian Church had kept out of politics, no papacy would ever have been. And while the church remains in politics, the essence of the papacy must ever be. We areas anxious as anybody that Rome should go out of existence; but we have no desire to work against any man, whether in politics or out. Our method of fighting Rome is to fight Rome's principles; and we are never more opposed to those princi-ples than when they appear in meas-ures proposed by professedly Protes-tant people. THE attitude of the American Re-public towards the Orange Free State, as pointed out on another page, is worthy, of note. The United States has a treaty with this South African republic, made as between equals; yet, so far from showing any sympathy with this republic in its struggle for life with Great Britain, the United States has not even made a proclamation of neutrality. Is this because such a proclamation would hamper its friendship for Great Britain? CIVIL law is not ordained to en-force rights, but to preserve them. If a right could be enforced, it would cease to be a right. THE idea that sovereignty over a people can be bought and sold is the essence of tyranny. 