336 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ENGLAND is reported to have sent a "practical ultimatum" to France regarding their contention over terri-tory on the Niger River, in Africa. And this is only one of many exist-ing circumstances from which the long expected general war may break out. Taii Sunday law in Berlin and throughout Prussia, says the Chris-tian Citizen, has recently been strengthened by substituting jail terms for money fines as a punish-ment for its violators. And this has been done by direction of the emperor and empress. THE difference between God's char-acter and man's is indicated by these words of the 25th Psalm : "For thy name's sake, 0 Lord, pardon mine iniquity; for it isgreat." The slight-ness of the trespass, not the greatness of it, would be the ground on which pardon would be asked of man. IT needs not faith, but only intel-ligent observation, to see that nowŠ " We are living, we are dwelling, In a grand and awful time." The times call for some decisive action on the part of everybody. The person who sets out to be merely a looker-on in the great earth-drama, will be overtaken by a grievous sur-prise. GREAT things are going to take place on the high seas in the vicinity of Cuba as soon as the American and Spanish fleets come .together. This is the substance of the "news" which the journals of "war extra" notoriety have been selling to the public for the last two weeks. Admiral Sampson has orders to destroy the Spanish fleet and is all ready to do so just as soon as he can get to it. This much is obvious to any intelligent person without the aid of enterprising jour-nalism. And every intelligent person  knows also that no newspaper can tell anything about when or where the hostile Ł fleets are to come to Ł gether. _ The Spanish fleet is com-posed entirely of fast ships; from which fact it may be inferred that it was not sent to this coast for the special purpose of fighting. And as its speed is several knots an hour faster than that of the American fleet, it is plain that under ordinary cir-cumstances it will be able to keep out of Admiral Sampson's way. And this fact may postpone a decisive encoun-ter for a considerable time. Meanwhile it is obvious that every day's delay in the *matter tends to make the situation more complex and critical. Another decisive vic-tory like that of Commodore Dewey at Manila would probably be the sig-nal for European intervention to force Spain to submit; but Spain is counting on securing European aid, and while she can postpone decisive action there is a chance that compli- cations may arise which sill provide her with a powerful ally. Nothing could be more unfortunate for the United States and for the world than such an outcome; and therefore the situation calls for the utmo-,t decision and celerity of action on the part of the United States. THE Roman Catholic Church and the Spanish government are united. This is a plain, undeniable fact. In belonging to the Roman Catholic Church, therefore, a person is bound to be at least friendly to Spain. His church, while the union lasts, goes with that government, and he must likewise go with it or withdraw from his church. This is what is demanded by logic and consistency. And it is the same as regards the person who is a Protestant. If he is a part of the state he must go with the state; and if he is a part of the church he must also go with the church. Then when the church and the state go different waysŠas in the case of Spain and the Catholic Chnrch in AmericaŠhe must withdraw from oneor the other. No person can ride two horses at once, going in different  directions. Of course, he may still profess allegiance to both; but logic-allyŠand actuallyŠhe must repudi-ate one or the other. And it is a fact that the Christian church and the stateŠany state on the earthŠare not going in the same direction. The Christian church is going to heaven; but the state is not going there; no state is going there. Individuals from every country on earth are going there; but no state will go there. Every state is moving toward extinction; for no state has immortality now any more than Babylon, Greece, or Rome had it. The end of the world will be the end of every state and government in the world. And, therefore, the Christian church cannot be joined with any state, and no individual can be at one and the same time, joined with the state and with the Christian church. THE "almighty dollar" is just now a potent facto'r in quieting French hostility toward the United States, which has shown a disposition to make itself felt in the controversy with Spain. The French are getting ready for a great display at Paris in the year 1900Ša great world's fair which is to eclipse any former thing of the kindŠand the prospect that American dollars will be withdrawn from the enterprise is one which they would willingly make some sacrifice of sentiment to avert. And besides this, says the New York Sun, the big shopkeepers in Paris are greatly con-cerned over reports of the banding together of patriotic women in Amer-ica to resent French hostility to-wards this country by discarding French dresses. We hope the report is true; for whatever the action may count for patriotically, it is much to be commended from that of good sense. We can think of nothing more deserving of eternal boycott than the fashions of "Paree." THE supreme court of West Vir-ginia has given a decision sanctioning the custom of reading from the Scrip. tures in the public schools. American sentinel. NEW YORK, MAY 26, 1898. 