"Equal and Bxact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, fleligious or colitical." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 30, 1893. NUMBER 47.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING' COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. - ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. WILLIAM II. MC  SEE. To every night there comes the break of day. No matter how dense the gloom before the dawn, at the hour appointed the daylight comes. The beneficent bless-ing of the sunlight never fails. Every successive morning at the instant set from the beginning, the sun appears. The sun never lags,Šnever loses its course in the illimitable heavens. Promised sunshine and rain come to all. God's promises are sure,Šhis prophecies certain of fulfill-ment. THE wicked shall receive their recom-pense in the earth, and the righteous also. This whole round earth, till its renewal, is but the grave of man. Here are en-acted the sad death scenes of all men until the moment the righteous are caught up to meet Him in the air. This earth, too, will be the scene of that last act in the terrible tragedy of sin,Šthe second death. WITH this the work of Satan is finished, and neither he, nor his evil angels, nor his wicked deeds, will be known any more for-ever. Then it will be thatŠ" The wicked are overthrown, and are not : but the house of the righteous shall stand." All these thousands of years Satan has gone to and fro upon the earth seeking whom he may devour,Šand his seeking has not been without success,Šhe has found and devoured many. SHALL this go on forever ? Shall man be born but to live out his few days in sorrow and toil,Što sin and to die ? Shall the earth continue forever to be a charnel house, and its surface the scene, through-' out infinite time, of the continual re-enactment of the curse, while all created nature, man and beast, and the products of the earth, and the earth itself, suffer, and the whole world is full of woe,Šwoe of man, and woe of beast, and woe of plant, and woe of the very soil itself which brings forth noxious or imperfect fruits,  or perhaps lies helpless in barren death ?Šprophetic of the time when, because of the breaking of the everlasting covenant, "therefore hath the curse devoured the earth, and they that dwell therein are desolate." THIS will not go on forever. God is merciful, his promises are sure, and he has promised that in his mercy he will make an end. His very mercy, and the gracious light of his countenance, will be to the wicked a consuming fire, while to the righteous he is " both a sun and a shield." The first heaven and the first earth shall pass away,Šthere will be a new heaven and a new earth, purified, beautified, without a shadow of sin, or illness or death, or any such evil thing. All created nature will be renewed in its Edenic beauty and perfection. God will fulfill his original purpose. HE that made the earth did not create it in vain. He made it to be inhabited,Što be the abode of his children,Šand when it has become the heritage of the righteous and they " dwell therein for-ever," then will his original purpose be fulfilled. Then, and not till then, will that be restored which was lost to man through sin, Christ will have redeemed it, and will then be King of all,Šfor the prince of this world into whose hands man betrayed himself and the dominion of the earth, will have been vanquished and consigned to eternal death, with the extinction of all that is evil. THIS is the glorious consummation. This is the end to be desired. To this the faith-ful have looked forward since the begin-ning. Not only man has desired this, but, says the apostle, " We know that the whole creation groan eth and travaileth in pain together until now, and not only they, but ourselves also, . . . even we ourselves groan within ourselves, waiting for the adoption, to wit, the redemption of our body." If mankind and the whole creation have longed for this day, despite the tribulation and' the terrors by sea and land, in the heavens and in the earth, which are to signal its approach, ought not these evidences to be carefully noted and their progress toward completion realized ? Tempest and earthquake and  pestilence, strange disaster, and wars and rumors of wars, are not wanting, but that which may be the least noted is the most significant and that is the vast and com-plicated organization, taking in the whole civilized world, to secure the civil enforce-ment of certain religious observances which the theologians have decided are necessary to the maintenance of their reli-gion. FOR years this movement has been subtly working underneath the surface and gradually, and unperceived, gaining force and impetus. Such a system of ' or-ganization has now been reached as has never before been known in the history of the world. Those who have promoted this have but little comprehension of the com-pleteness and vastness of that which they have accomplished, as they have no under-standing of what will be its ultimate re-sult. Some of the most seemingly diverse interests, and even active antagonisms, organized ostensibly, and with an intent, to oppose one another, are yet unconscious factors in the accomplishment of a com-mon end. The ambitions of these organi-zations are insatiable. They look forward to bringing all men into their ranks or subjecting to their influence and authority all who will not be numbered with them. Their purposes are far-reaching indeed. They propose to capture heaven itself and secure for themselves and this un purified earth, while yet burdened with the curse, that which they think to be millenial joys. The magnitude of the undertaking is su-perhuman. The mystery of its inception marks it as having originated elsewhere than in the human mind. The contempo-: raneous birth of similar organizations in different parts of the world, without ap-parent collusion, and having in view the same ends, is evidence that the general plan, to which they all with one accord bend their energies, had its origin outside of the human mind. If they should think of this, and realize it, no doubt they would take courage and flatter themselves still farther with the be-lief that they are ordained of God to a great work and are the ministers of his will. But are they doing his will in his way ? There is a difference as broad as the gap between eternal life and eternal death, which marks the path of the 