VoL. 13, No Single copy 3 cents. NEW YORK, MARCH 3, 1898. 1414 - 1:,;— 0- -4' IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT.'ŠJesus Christ. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. Sir Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have slot ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for It (Entered at the New York Post-office.) IF you fear God, you will not fear anything else. • .41-4  THE man who is least patriotic 'generally does the most belligerent talking. 111 4H THE Omnipotent himself could not successfully fight evil with the devil's weapons. IN whatever thing there is justice, there is God. The two cannot be divorced. Ho-14-44*  THERE could be no worse exhibition of taking God's name in vain than that of parading it in the constitution of a civil government. • 444 Im does not take very much to convince the man who wants legislation to regulate the religion of the country, that he is a successor of the prophets. 44  BECAUSE it would be a great gain if the people would all do right, it does not follow that anything would be gained by making laws to compel them to do right. IN religion God is the governor, and there can right-fully be no other. How then can a "government of the people, by the people," rightfully concern itself with religion? IE it be true that "figures won't lie," how is it that  the apostles of "Christian Citizenship" figure that the saints in this evil world are going to be able to outvote the sinners? Do you want your own religious practice to be regu-lated by a state or national legislature? And if not, are you willing that such regulation should be imposed upon your neighbor? THERE is a great struggle among the various classes in this country to-day, religious and otherwise, to mon-opolize the application of that phrase of the Constitution which reads, "We, the people of the United States." * To Preserve the Earth. "YE are the salt of the earth." So said Jesus Christ to his followers, and the words remain true of his follow-ers to-day. That is to say, the followers of ChristŠChris-tiansŠare the preservers of the earth. They are the preservers of the earth because they are Christians. And Christians are not of this earth, but have been "born from above." They are in the world, but not of the world. They have been "called out" from that which is of the world. Christ has chosen them out of the world, and the world recognizes this fact by hating them. John 15:19. Christians therefore are the preservers of the world by being unlike the world. They are the "salt of the earth" by being unlike the world in which they are, even as salt is'unlike that in which it is placed. But to this statement that Christians are the salt of the earth, the Saviour added: "but if the salt have lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted? it is thenceforth good for nothing but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men." Matt. 5:13. If the salt loses its taste, so that its presence in the food cannot be distinguished, it is good for nothing; it will neither season anything nor preserve it. And if 