JULY N, 1894, n, C.AN S NTI M   11-1111 1,, 235 His Spouse. The claims of Protestantism to any Part Therein, Proved to be Groundless, Self-Contradictory and Suicidal." The Israelite respects the authority of the Old Tes-tament only, but the Adventist, who is a Christian, accepts the New Testament on the same ground as the Old, viz.: an inspired record also. He finds that the Bible, his teacher, is consistent in both parts; that the Redeemer, during his mortal life, never kept any other day than Saturday. The Gospels plainly evince to him this fact; whilst, in the pages of the Acts of the Apostles, the Epistles and the Apocalypse, not the vestige of an act cancelling the Saturday arrangement can be found. The Adventists, therefore, in common with the Israelites, derive their belief from the Old Testament, which position is confirmed by the New 'Testament, indorsing fully by the life and practice of the Redeemer and his Apostles the teaching of the Sacred Word for nearly a century of the Christian era. As the Catholic yields his judgment in spiritual matters implicitly and with unreserved confidence, to the voice of his church, so too, the Protestant recog-nizes no teacher but the Bible. Hence, the conclusion is inevitable: viz., that of those who follow the Bible as their guide, the Israel-ites and Seventh-day Adventists, have the exclusive weight of evidence on their side, while the biblical Protestant has not a word in self-defense for his sub-stitution of Sunday for Saturday. Who can ever forget the virtuous indignation man-ifested by the biblical preachers through the length and breadth of our country, from every Protestant pulpit, as long as the question of opening the World's Fair on Sunday was yet undecided, and who does not know to-day, that one sect, to mark its holy indigna-tion at the decision, has never yet opened the boxes that contained its articles at the World's Fair ? These superlatively good and unctuous Christians, by conning over their Bible carefully, can find their counterpart in a certain class of " unco gude " people in the days of the Redeemer, who haunted him night and day, distressed beyond measure and scandalized be-yond forbearance, because he did not keep the Sab-bath in as straight-laced manner as themselves. They hated him for using common sense in reference to the day, and he found no epithets expressive enough of his supreme contempt for their Pharisaical pride. And it is very probable that the divine mind has not modified its views to-day, anent the blatant outcry of their followers and sympathizers at the close of this nineteenth century. But when we add to all the fact that whilst the Pharisees kept the true Sabbath, our modern Pharisees, counting on the credulity and sim-plicity of their dupes, have never once in their lives kept the true Sabbath which their Divine Master kept to his dying day, and which his apostles kept, after his example, for thirty years afterwards, according to the sacred record. This most glaring contradiction, involving a delib-erate sacrilegious rejection of a most positive precept is presented to us to-day iu the action of the biblical Christian world. The Bible and the Sabbath consti-tute the watchword of Protestantism ; but we have demonstrated that it is the Bible against their Sabbath. That immense concourse of biblical Christians, the Methodists, have declared that the Sabbath has never been abrogated, whilst the followers of the Church of England, together with her daughter, the Episcopal Church of the United States, are committed by the 20th Article of Religion, already quoted, to the ordi-nance that the Church cannot lawfully. ordain any-thing " contrary to God's word written." God's -Written word enjoins his worship to be observed on Saturday, absolutely, repeatedly, and most emphat-ically, with a most positive threat of death to him who disobeys. All the biblical sects occupy the same self-stultifying position which no explanation can modify, much less justify. How truly do the words of the Holy Spirit apply to this deplorable situation! " Iniquitas mpntita est " Iniquity bath lied to itself." Proposing to follow the Bible only as teacher, yet, before the world, the sole teacher, is ignominiously thrust aside, and the teaching and practice of the Catholic ChurchŠ"the mother of abominations," when it suits their purpose so to designate herŠadopted, despite the most terrible threats pronounced by God himself against those who disobey the command, "Remember to keep holy the Sabbath." Should any of the reverend parsons, who are habit-uated to howl so vociferously over every real or assumed desecration of that pious fraud, the Bible Sabbath, think well of entering a protest against our logical and scriptural dissection of their mongrel pet, we can promise them that any reasonable attempt on their part to gather up the disjecta memnbra of the hybrid, and to restore to it a galvanized existence, will be met with genuine cordiality and respectful consid-eration on our part. But we can assule our readers that we know these reverend howlers too well to expect a solitary bark from them in this instance. And they kikow us too . well to subject themselves to the mortification which a further dissection of this anti-scriptural question would necessarily entail. Their policy now is to "lay low," and they are sure to hdopt it. As Protestants have heretofore, on every other subject wherein they differed from the Roman Catholic Church, been ready and on hand with facts and impregnable scripture argument that would soon satisfy any inquiring mind; and as on this sub-ject wherein they have been challenged by the Church of Rome, ever since the early days of the Reformation,* to be con-sistent ProtestantsŠfollow the Bible alone and complete the Reformation from this as well as from the other unscriptuT institutions of the Church of Rome; and as we have found them appealing to the Catholic fathers for evidence for Sunday keeping, and have not seen from them the first attempt to face this challenge of the Catholic Church, and prove it false by the Bible alone; let us turn to their best standard encyclopedias, theological works, and the writings of the most representa-tive living Protestants and inquire if by their admissions on this subject they are compelled to surrender to the Roman Catholic Church. Do some of the best known orthodox standard theological writers admit that there is not found in the Bible any in-struction or command from Christ or his apostles to change the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week ? There is not on record any divine command issued to the apostles to change the Sabbath from the day on which it was held by the Jews, to the first day of the week.ŠEncyclopedia of Religious Knowledge, by B. B. Edwards, Art. Sabbath. After giving all of the arguments for Sunday keeping, Dr. Buck says:Š These arguments, however, are not satisfactory to some; and it must be confessed that there is no law in the New Testament concerning the first day.ŠBuck's Theological Dictionary, Art. Sabbath. The day is now changed from the seventh to the first day; . . . but as we meet with no scriptural direction for the change, we may conclude it was done by the authority of the church.ŠProtestant Episcopal Church, Explanation of Catechism. Now there is not on record any divine command to the apostles to change the Sabbath from the day on which it was held by the Jews to the first day of the week. ŠRichard Watson's Theological Dictionary. Where there is no testimony there can be no faith.  Now there is no testimony in all the oracles of heaven that the Sabbath was changed, or that the Lord's day came in the room of it ŠAlexander Campbell, in Washington (Pa.) Reporter, Oct. 8, 1821. The current notion that Christ and his apostles authoritatively substituted the first day of the week for the seventh, is absolutely without authority in the New Testament ŠLyman Abbott, D. D., in the Chris-tian Union, Jan. 19, 1882. Do they admit that it cannot be proved by the Bible that Christ or his apostles ever instituted or even actually observed the first day of the week as the Sabbath ? Dr. William Smith, LL.D., after examin- * At the Council of Trent (1545) which the " Encyclopedia Britannica " calls "The watershed of Roman Catholicism and Protestantism," this argument was used to exalt tradition to an equality with the Scriptures:Š " Now the Protestants' claim that they stand upon the writ-ten word only, is not true. Their profession of holding the scripture alone as the standard of faith, is false. Proof : The written word explicitly enjoins the observance of the seventh day as the Sabbath. They do not observe the seventh day but reject it. If they do truly hold the Scriptures alone as their standard, they would be observing the seventh day as is en-joined in the Scriptures throughout." The argument on the authority of the Catholic Church by Dr. Cole, leader of the Catholic party in the Parliament called in 1554 in England by Queen Elizabeth, to have the differences between that church and the present Church of England dis-cussed was this:Š "As for example (to make the matter plain) ye see the express command of Almighty God, touching the observance of the Sabbath day to be changed by the authority of the church (without any word of God written for the same) into Sunday. . . The change whereof all men may evidently understand the authority of the church, both in this cause and also in other matters to be of great weight and importance. and therein esteemed accordingly."ŠBunnet's History of the Reformation, book 8, part 3, p. 292. Luther and Melanethon, speaking of the Roman Catholic Church in their " Ausburg Confession," say:Š "They allege the Sabbath changed into Sunday, the Lord's day, contrary to the Decalogue, as it appears; neither is there any example more boasted of than the changing of the Sab-bath day. Great, say they, is the power and the authority of the church, since it dispenses with one of the ten command-ments."--Art. 28. ing the texts supposed to have reference to Sunday keeping, says:Š Taken separately, perhaps, or even all together, these passages seem scarcely adequate to prove that the dedication of the first day of the week to the pur-pose afore-mentioned. was a matter of apostolic insti-tution, or even of apostolic practice.ŠSmith's Bible Dictionary, Art. Lord's Day. The " Encyclopedia Britannica," after calling attention to the usual scriptural arguments for Sunday keeping, says :Š Still it must be owned that these passages are not sufficient to prove the apostolic institution of the Lord's day, or even the actual observance of it. ŠArt. Sabbath. Do they admit that the first day of the week was set apart simply by man, and in later times than those of Christ and his apostles : hence is not a divine ordinance ? Was the first day of the week set apart by public authority in the apostolic age ? No. By whom was it set apart, and when ? By Constantine, who lived about the beginning of the fourth century.ŠAlexan-der Campbell, lecture in Bethany College, 1848, quoted in Proclamation and Reformer, Cincinnati. The festival Sunday, like all other festivals, was always only a human ordinance; and it was far from the intention of the apostles to establish a divine com-mand in this respect,---far from them and the early apostolic church, to transfer the laws of the Sabbath to Sunday. Perhaps at the end of the second century a false application of this kind had begun to take place. ŠNeander's Church History, translated by H. J. Rose, p. 168. We hear less than we used to about the apostolic origin of the present Sunday observance, and for the reason.that while the Sabbath and Sabbath rest are woven into the warp and the woof of scripture, it is now seen, as it is admitted, that we must go to later than apostolic times for the establishment of Sunday observance.ŠChristian at Work, Feb. 18, 1886. Does the largest Protestant denomina-tion in one of its popular and most widely circulated theological works, admit that upon this most important subject they forsake the Protestant rule of faithŠthe Bible onlyŠand the discipline of their church (Art. 5), and believe, like the Catholic Church, something that is not recorded in the Bible,Šthat tradition in the matter of the Sabbath they observe is to be preferred before what is written in the Bible ? It is true there is no positive command for infant baptism, . . nor is there any for keeping holy the first day of the week. Jesus, after his resurrec-tion, changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of the week, . . . When Jesus gave in-struction for this chance we are not told, but very likely during the time when he spake to his disciples of things pertaining to his kingdom. Acts 1: 3. This is probably one of the many unrecorded things which Jesus did. John 20; 30 ; 21 : 25. ŠBinney's Theological Compend Improved, by Rev. Amos Binney and Rev. Daniel Steele, D. D., pp. 171, 181. But let us hear the ablest and most pop-ular living Protestant writers, who have won laurels, writing on this subject; and those who occupy the leading positions in the largest and most influential religious organizations in the country,Šthose whose time is devoted to the study and work of Sabbath reform: how do they succeed in sustaining Sunday keeping by the Prot- estant rule of faithŠ" the Bible and the Bible only " ?Šare they compelled to sub-mit to this charge of the Catholic Church, and take their stand on Catholic grounds ? Rev. A. E. Waffle, M. A. (Baptist),. Pro- fessor of Rhetoric and English Literature in Lewisburg (Pa.) University, who won the one thousand dollar prize offered by the American Sunday School Union, for the best essay on the Sunday Question, says in " The Lord's Day," pp. 186, 187 :Š Up to the time of Christ's death, no change had been made in the day. The authority must be sought in the words or in the example of the inspired apos- tles. . . So far as the record shows, they [the apostles] did not, however, give any explicit command 