AMERICAN SENTINEL. 619 Keeping the Sabbath. "MAMA, why do people have to keep the Sabbath?" There was a suspicion of vexation in the tone of the youthful author of this question, which did not escape the attention of the pleasant-faced woman at whom it was directed. The former was a lad of eight summers, in whose makeup it was easy to discover an activity of mind and body which would not easily be long repressed. It was Friday afternoon, and the playthings with which he had been amusing himself were being put away at his mother's direction in anticipation of the approaching day of rest. "People don't have to keep the Sabbath, Willie," re-plied Mrs. Dean, with an emphasis on the word "have." "Then what do they keep it for, mama?" asked Willie. "Doesn't the Bible say that people must keep the Sab-bath?" "The Bible tells us that we ought to keep the Sab-bath, Willie," said Mrs. Dean, "but the Lord doesn't compel anybody to keep it. He lets every one choose for himself whether he will keep the Sabbath or not." "Why doesn't he compel folks to keep the Sabbath, mama, if they ought to keep it?" "Because that wouldn't do them any good, nor him either. The Lord is constantly seeking to do good to the people he has created, and that is why he gave them the Sabbath in the first place. But it doesn't do them any good unless they keep it of their own accord," said Mrs. Dean. "You know, Willie," she continued, "that the Sabbath is a gift. Don't you remember I read last Sabbath in the Bible where it says, "Moreover also I gave them my Sab-baths" ? It is God's Sabbath, and he has given it to us. You don't force a gift on people, do you?" "I don't see how that can be, mama," said Willie. "What good is it to people to have to sit still when they want to be doing something all the while ?" Mrs. Dean smiled at the idea of Sabbath-keeping which these words conveyed. "That isn't Sabbath-keeping, Willie," she said. "The Lord doesn't want folks to be miserable on the Sabbath. Do you remember learning in your Sabbath-school lesson about how the Saviour wentthrough the corn fields one time on the Sabbath and how he told the Pharisees that the Sabbath was made -for-man? Now, this house that we live in was made for  us, but it wasn't made to make us feel uncomfortable, was it ?" "No," replied Willie; "we wouldn't be very comfort-able without it, I guess." "No," repeated Mrs. Dean, "we wouldn't be as happy as we are; and that is the way it ought to be with the Sabbath. It was given to us to make us happier." "But it's hard for me to keep still all day, mama," said Willie, "and I don't see how that's going to make me happy." "But you kept still last evening," didn't you, when you went to the entertainment?" said Mrs. Dean, " and you didn't find it hard work, did you ?" "Why, no, mama, but I was looking at the pictures then," Willie answered. "Yes," said Mrs. Dean; "you found something that pleased your eye and awakened your interest; and that is what you need on the Sabbath; and the Lord has pro-vided all this for the Sabbath, so that you can really be better entertained on that day than on any other." - "What has he provided, mama?" "Well, in the first place, there are all the beautiful things that we see in the gardens and the fields and the woods. These are things that God has created, and you know the Sabbath was made to commemorate creation. Then there is the Word of GodŠthe BibleŠwhich is filled with the greatest and most interesting truths that any-body can know." "On the Sabbath day," Mrs. Dean continued, "the Lord comes to us, just as your best friend would come to visit you; and if we will listen to him, he will tell us more wonderful, beautiful, and interesting things than we could possibly lern anywhere else. That is why we stop our work on the Sabbath. It is to show our respect for the presence of the Lord, and our pleasure at receiving him, and to learn what he has to tell us. And it is in his works and his Word that he speaks to us. "Of course, Willie," Mrs. Dean went on, "if people had to stop all work and all play on the Sabbath, and had nothing better than these to take up their attention, the Sabbath would be the most disagreeable day in all the week. And that's what it would mean to compel people to keep the Sabbath. If a person doesn't love to think of God and his works, and doesn't want to be taught by him, he can't keep the Sabbath, no matter if he doesn't do a stroke of work. He might better be at work than to be doing nothing." "Then if I don't like the Sabbath, I don't keep it, do I, mama?" Willie answered. "No, Willie, and that's why it does no good to force people to keep the Sabbath. That's whythe Lord doesn't compel anybody to keep it. He couldn't accept any Service that is not given to him freely. He gives every-thing to us freely, because he loves us, and be wants us to do the same toward him." "How can I love the Sabbath, mama?" "You will love the Sabbath if you love the Lord; and you can love the Lord just as easily as you love me or 