JULY 2, 1896. gigNrrilNiMt.4 205 question would be settled for a generation. Such a prince could create his own army for the preservation of order, just as Prince Alexander did in Bulgaria, could protect Moslems and Christians equally as is now done in Bosnia, and could in time make government more liberal as was done in Ser-via. The Cretans are not advanced enough for popular government, do not care for it so long as government is good and their rights are protected, any more than the prince would care whether his subjects were Moslem or Christian so long as they were orderly and paid their taxes. In this way the -sultan could get all that he now gets out of CreteŠhis tributeŠwould still be sovereign, and as he has already promised the island a Christian governor, would not suffer indignity by del-egating his authority to a Christian prince. AN UNPUBLISHED LETTER BY THOMAS JEFFERSON. THE following letter, written by Thomas Jefferson to Governor John Davis, of Worces-ter, Mass., was recently presented to the American Unitarian Association, by Hon. Horace Davis, of San Francisco. It will be of interest to all readers of the SENTINEL, not only as coming from the pen of the writer of the Declaration of Independence, but as bearing upon the subject of Jefferson's relig-ions views, concerning which history has supplied us with little, if any, definite infor-mation:Š " Monticello, Jan. 18, '24. " I thank you, sir, for the copy you have been so kind as to send me of the *Rev. Mr. Bancroft's Unitarian sermons. I have read them with great satisfaction, and al ways re-joice in efforts to restore us to primitive Christianity, in all the simplicity in which it came from the lips of Jesus. Had it never been sophisticated by the subtleties of com-mentators, nor paraphrased into meanings totally foreign to its character, it would, at this day have been the religion of the whole civilized world. But the metaphysical ab-stractions of Athanasius, and the maniac rav-ings of Calvin, tinctured plentifully with the foggy dreams of Plato, have so loaded it with absurdities and incomprehensibilities as to drive into infidelity men who had not time, patience, or opportunity to strip it of its meretricious trappings and to see it in all its native simplicity and purity. I trust however that the same free exercise of private judg-ment which gave us our political reformation, will extend its effects to that of religion, which the present volume is well calculated to encourage and promote. Not wishing to give offense to those who differ from me in opinion, nor to be impli-cated in a theological controversy, I have to pray that this letter may not get into print, and to assure you of my great respect and good will. THOS. JEFFERSON." INGERSOLL ON LEGAL RIGHTEOUSNESS: (Contributed.) IN a recently published work by Melville D. Landon (Eli Perkins), entitled, "Kings of the Platform and Pulpit," I find the fol-lowing:Š He [Mr. Ingersoll] is opposed to the enforcement of the old Connecticut Blue Laws to make people good. He believes a man made good by law is not really  good at heart, but is simply made to appear good. He is a legal hypocrite. One day a fanatical talkerŠa Puritanical Blue Law manŠwho was in favor of enforcing strict Sunday laws, absolute prohibition, etc., came in on the New York Central train. Mr. Ingersoll heard him talk a spell and then asked him several questions. " Would you like to live in a community where not one cigar could be smoked and not one drop of spirit-uous liquors could be sold or drunk?" "Certainly," said the Blue-Law man, " that would be a social heaven." " And you would like to live where no one could play on the sabbath day; and where no one could laugh out loud or enjoy a frolic?" "Yes, sir; that would suit me. It would be a par-adise to live in a community where everyone was compelled to go to church every Sunday ; where no one could drink a drop; where no one could swear; and where the law would make every man good. There the law would make every man's deportment absolutely correct." " Then," said Mr. Ingersoll, "I advise you to go right to the penitentiary. At Sing Sing there is a community of 1,500 men and women governed in pre-cisely that manner. There all are good by law." There is many an infidel who to-day stands nearer the ideal taught by Christ than some of his professed followers. The same thing Jesus himself declared true in his time. " The publicans and harlots go into the king-dom of God before you." Matt. 21: 31. This was addressed to those who made the loftiest profession ever made by men. These modern would-be reformers who are so anxious to regulate the con-duct of others had their pro-totypes in the first century. Jesus addressed them, " Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye, and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote that is in thy brother's eye." Matt. 7: 5. Jesus Christ never used force and never ap-proved of it, but always condemned it. If our friends who are trying to make men good by law would drink in a little more of the Spirit of the Master, it would lead them to labor more to convert the hearts of men, and not to be so strenuous about the outward conduct of sinners and those Christians who differ from them in some prominent points of doctrine. When I consider how recent events in Can-ada and Tennessee and other places have re-vealed the disposition of professed Christians to inflict hardship and suffering on other pro-fessed Christians because they differ in the matter of Sabbath observance, I am almost dumb with amazement. Are not these Sab-batarian Christians men who live above re-proach and endure many inconveniences to carry out those principles which are impressed on them as they read the sacred volume? Is it not as painful to them to see men work on the seventh day of the week as it is to others to see them work on the first day? Are not these men kind neighbors, honest in their dealings and faithful in all their duties as citizens?  Their only offending is the violation of Sun-day statutes which have come to us from the Dark Ages. And these modern professors who put this law in operation have forgotten the Golden Rule if they ever knew it. And most amazing, of all of the thousands of re-ligious papers in the world, only about one in a hundred raises its voice in protest against these unchristian proceedings. If these things had transpired a century or two in the past, they would have been classi-fied with the doings of Nero and the Spanish Inquisition. It seems almost useless to ap-peal to the sensibilities of men who are so blind to the blazing light of the Christ who even prayed for his enemies. But let the hearts of those who cry for religious freedom take courage. Outside of the ranks of pro-fessed Christians are those who, like the Sa-maritans of old, will gladly Welcome the divine light of the King of kings, who is the King of peace. "The Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising." Ł + Ł  SUNDAY LAWS UNCONSTITUTIONAL IN ILLINOIS. * WILLIAM S EDEN vs. THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS. Filed at Springfield, May 12, 1896. 161 Ill. Reports, p. 296. 1. SUNDAYŠCommon law rule as to observance of. The common law does not prohibit ordinary labor on Sunday. 2. CONSTITUTIONAL LAWŠ `` Due process of law "ŠLaws of unequal operation. A barber is deprived of property without due process of law by a statute making it unlawful for him to do business on Sunday, where it does not apply to any other class of business. 3. SAMEŠPolice power does not jus-tify unequal statute. The police power does not justify a statute making it un-lawful for barbers to do business on Sunday, without including any other class of business. 4. COURTSŠMay determine what cal-lings are within police regulation. It is a judicial question whether a trade or calling is of such a nature as to justify police regulation. Wilkin, J., dissenting. Writ of Error to the Criminal Court of Cook County; the Hon. Judge Gibbons, presiding. STATEMENT OF THE CASE. This was a prosecution begun before a justice of the peace in the city of. Chicago, under what is known as the " Cody law," which prohibits, under penalty, the keeping open of any barber shop on Sunday. An appeal was taken from the judgment of the justice of the peace convicting and fining the defendant. In the Criminal Court of Cook County, the case was, on appeal, tried de novo before Hon. John Gibbons, without a jury. In deciding the case the trial judge, after discussing extensively the statute, and holding it to be unconstitutional, said: " While I am irresistibly led to the conclusion that the law in question is void, I am, notwithstanding, anxious that the question should be decided and finally settled by the Supreme Court: and as the defendant may, and the State can-not, appeal, the judgment of the court is that William S. Eden be fined the sum of $25 and costs, and that judgment be and the same .is entered accordingly." From that judgment the present appeal is prose-cuted. BASIS OF OPINION. Neither the common law nor any general statute of the State of Illinois prohibits the pursuit of one's ordinary labor, business or calling, in a quiet man-ner, on Sunday. Richmond vs. Moore, 107 Ill, 429; State vs. Brookshank, 6 Ired. 73; Rex vs. Brother-ton, 1 Strange, 702; Comyns vs. Boyer, Cro. Eliz. 485; Sayles vs. Smith, 12 Wend. 57; Drury vs. Defon-taine, 1 Taunt. 131. Any legislation which is not general in its scope, * For editorial comment, see page 202. The Press, on Which the Declaration of Independence Was Printed. 