14",1-? ICA,N SENTINEL. 201 their ancestry and walk in them. It is nothing less than a high-handed outrage, to take their money and use it as a missionary fund, to pay people to turn their little ones from the faith of their race. AND yet, this same wrong must inevitably be worked ' on Jews, as well as others, wherever the State undertakes to apportion the people's money among charitable insti-tutions not absolutely and exclusively under its own con-trol. All such establishments are sure to be run on the lines of some particular religious cult. The people in charge, of them are always hill of zeal, and pretty gener-ally satisfied that their way is not only a right way, but that it is the only right way. The expediency, nay, the duty, of persuading and teaching others to go that way is burned into the very core of their hearts and minds. The temptation .to make "converts" among the young and impressible is particularly strong. It is all right enough for religious ardor to manifest itself as long as its possessors pay out of their own pockets as they go. But it is not right that Hebrew money should be used by the State to make even nominal Christians out of Hebrew children, nor that Catholic money should be used by the State for the "conversion" of Catholic into Prot-estant youth nor vice versa. Some day the people every-where may be aroused to the evil of this practice, and then the constitutions of all the States will put a stop to it for ever. Y. IT now appears that, after all, little Greece has been for a long time coveting Crete for herself, and not merely loving the insurgents because, like her own people, they "profess and call themselves Christians," as the Episco-palian prayer-book says. It has been discovered that the Greek Admiral perfidiously failed to communicate the offer which the Powers made through him to the Cretans to guarantee them a practical autonomy, if they would lay down their arms. And one Mr. Stillman, who was United States Consul at Canea during the insurrection on the island which lasted from 1866 to 1869, has just written a letter, in which he declares that when the na-tives were on the very eve of final success, in the latter year a Greek officer landed without any objection on the part of the Turks, obtained from the confiding rebels the command of their entire force, and immediately surren-dered to the enemy without firing a shot! The recent treachery, added to the memory of that historic betrayal of trust, is not likely to strengthen the position of Greece before the civilized world. THE fact is that nations, like men, are prone in these days of degeneration, to the blasphemous use of Chris-tianity's name as a portion of their capital or stock in tradeŠa means of worldly advancement and aggrandize-ment, like money, a reputation for skill in some special art, or aptitude for some particular pursuit, or line of  activity. Perhaps it is inevitable that this should be the case. Christianity, first of all, vindicates its infallible ef-ficacy as the guide and producer of good conduct. "See how these Christians love one another," exclaim the yet unregenerate pagans. And so, in time, many come to proclaim themselves Christians, who have never really felt its magic touch on heart or mind, because the very name is associated with goodness and desert, and com-mands general confidence, not only among genuine Chris-tians, but among those who doubt the gospel story. Something of this disposition to trade on the sacred name of our religion seems to have been manifested by the Greek government, if not by the people. It is prob-able that the attempt will fail. It ought to fail as ought every undertaking, in business or professional life, to "use the Church for a feeder." BISHOP NEWMAN, whose name has been quite fre-quently in the papers of late, was formerly a pastor of the Congregational Church, and was an intimate friend of General Grant. Some years ago the bishopŠthen a Congregational ministerŠwas called upon to deliver a funeral sermon over the body of a distinguished and wealthy Californian's son. The young man was about eighteen when he died. He had been for some time a stu-dent at a prominent university in Germany. The bishop pronounced a glowing panegyric upon him. He credited the youth with all the virtues known to humanity, and all the brilliant qualities that mortal man could possibly possess. He waxed more and more enthusiastic and eloquent as he went on, till humanity seemed to him all too small for'the mind and soul of that dead boy. And, so, he reached a height of imagination which enabled him to do what he considered justice to his subject. He ac-tually made the claim that there was no historical par-allel to the spectacle of that young man sitting under his professors, except the famous interview between a certain Child and his elders in the temple! It was soon after this marvelous oratorical flight that the Rev. Dr. Newman became a Methodist and a bishop almost simul-taneously. The rich Californian's family, it is said, still remember him gratefully for his comparison of their boy to the Founder of Christianity. CANADA wanted "reciprocity" with the United States and sent two "commissioners" to Washington a short while ago to talk the matter over. According to the dis-patches her position was that her agricultural products should be admitted free, in return for certain conceesions on her part in favor of the products of American facto-ries. It is stated that the commissioners were explicitly assured that the new tariff bill would provide for the "protection" of the farmers of the United States, as well as for that of the manufacturers. WITHOUT undertaking to deal with the profounder 