224 .A..1VI  IH.ELIC_AaNT S13 NT' 1 NMI-to VoL. 10, No. 23. Nnw YORK, JULY 11, 1855. itAr' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE are devoting much of our space these days to the cause of the persecuted Advent-ists, but we have no apology to offer. The principles at stake in these persecutions involve the cherished rights of every man, Protestant and Catholic, believer and unbeliever. If the Adventists can be imprisoned for a failure to obey one dogma of the ruling creed, then may the Methodist or the Catholic or the unbeliever be compelled to obey some other dogma when the ever-changing majority happens to be against him and his faith. The wise and courageous will understand this and act ac-cordingly, but the thoughtless or time-serving will see nothing but a few " foolish Advent-ists'.' and remain silent, or with "thumbs turned down" demand that the fatal blow be struck the defenseless minority. No one can read Judge Parks' decision in this issue without being impressed with his kindness of heart and superiority over the unconstitutional, tyrannical, judicial legisla-tion that he thinks it his duty to enforce. ONE -of the gratifying features of the Ten-nessee persecutions is that the entire local press of Dayton, the scene of the trials and imprisonment of the Adventists,, is outspoken in their defense. Read the scathing words of the Dayton Leader on page 220. EIGHT honest citizens of Tennessee spent their Fourth of July in Rhea County Jail for failing to remain idle on Sunday while the people of the established religion wor-shiped. And yet while these men were suf-fering for violating a dogma of the State established creed, the Fourth of July orator of Tennessee delivered himself of flowery periods in praise of " the land of the free and the home of the brave." 0 " MAJESTY of the law," how many wrongs have been committed in thy name! THE extra, which we hoped to publish under this date, has been unavoidably postponed until next week. It will be all the better for the delay. Let all friends of religious liberty make, a united effort to circulate the extra. The hundreds of thousands of copies of our recent extras have exerted a powerful influence for "'truth and right. As will be seen by the first-page article, the misguided zealots who inspired the Tennessee persecutions are weaken-ing under the withering denunciations of the press, of the country, whose attention was called to these outrages by the AMERICAN SHNTINEL. THINK of it! One of-those convicted Ten-nessee Adventists is still at large!! How did the criminal break jail, did you ask? He didn't break jail. The kind-hearted judge told him to go home and cut his oats and then return to jail. I Although this condemned man is at 1,rge there is not a Sunday-keeper in Rhea Counti that would lock his granary or his money-drawer against him. THE two witnesses against J. Q. Allison, the Georgia Seventh-day Adventist, who was sentenced in default of the payment of costs to twelve months in the chain-gang for plow-ing in his field, desire that the readers of the SENTINEL and the general public shall know that they were 'unwilling witnesses against Mr. Allison. Good! We are glad that they were unwilling witnesses, and glad that they want the public to know it; and-consequently, we are glad to make it known. And our col-umns are open to a confession from the man who inaugurated the persecution, but who is ashamed to allow his name to be known. " FATHER " ENRIGHT, a Roman Catholic priest, delivered an address recently, before a large audience in Kansas City. The Kansas City World, of June 24, reports the priest as saying:Š What right have those who are not Catholics, who merely believe in the Bible, to keep Sunday holy ? The Bible says that the seventh day shall be a day of rest, and Sunday is not the seventh day, but the first. Sunday is the holy day of the Catholic Church, and every tine, it recurs, the entire civilized world re-nounces the teaching of the Bible and obeys the man-dates of the Catholic Church alone. The priest is mistaken on one point. The whole civilized world does not obey the man-dates of his church. There are a few who refuse to worship the beast or receive his mark (Rev. 14: 9), and eight of them are now in prison at Dayton, Tenn., for their refusal. ONE man was killed and fifty wounded in a fight between a Roman Catholic mob and an A. P. A. parade in East Boston, July 4. It is reported that the city authorities were asked to admit in the customary parade a represen-tation of the " little red school-house," which should typify the public school system, but refused to grant the request; whereupon a permit for an independent parade was secured. In the afternoon of the Fourth,the procession, headed by the miniature school-house, and numbering six hundred or more, began the march. Although escorted by a large com-pany of police, the number was inadequate to protect them from the rage of the Romish mob. A fight ensued, in which one Catholic was killed and about fifty of the marchers and mob more or less hurt. Two A. P. A. mem-bers have been arrested on the charge of mur-der, and an angry papal mob surrounded the court house at the preliminary hearing, loudly demanding the punishment of the alleged murderers. The Boston Pilot (Roman Catholic), antici-pating the trouble, urged Catholics to refrain from violence, but without avail. This and similar occurrences are but the mutterings of the coming storm. READ the call to prayer, addressed by the Dayton Republican to the Christian(?) perse-cutors of the AdventistsŠpage 219. As will be seen from another page the Ontario justice has decided that the provin-cial Sunday law does not apply to farmers, and has consequently dismissed the case of Robert Watt, the seventh-day observer, who was charged with sabbath-breaking, because he labored on Sunday. Enraged by their defeat his enemies will now agitate for the passage of the pending bill for a Dominion Sunday law. THE Lester (Iowa) Record, in its issue of June 14, pub an account of the im- prisonment at Centerville, Md., of Robert It. Whaley, the Seventh-day Adventist, who set out plants in his garden on Sunday. The Record follows the story of the imprisonment with a request that funds for the care of Mr. Whaley's family be sent to A. 0. Tait, Battle Creek, Mich., who is secretary of the Inter-national Religious Liberty. Association, the organization which has undertaken to provide for the families of those who are thus unjustly imprisoned. The Record will have the thanks of these persecuted people as well as all lovers of justice and right. ONE of the prisoners now in jail at Dayton, Tenn., said in his defense:Š " We find that Jesus Christ was a carpenter working six days in the week; therefore,Jesus did many hard days' work on the first day of the week, and he is our pattern." Another said to judge and jury that they were not trying the defendant merely, but the defendant's Lord who had commended him to do that for which he was on trial. Another in closing his address to the jury said: "I would rather have the frown of the whole world and face prison bars or chain-gangs, or whatever may be before me, than have the frown of God. I will say further, that I believe in my heart that if it is the wish of my God for me to meet these things,all the good men in Rhea County cannot keep me out of them, and if not, all the bad men in the county cannot put me there. I leave my-self in your hands and before God as you expect to meet me in the Judgment, I trust you will decide these things." Ł-ŁŁ-Ł  CAUTION. THE extra number of the SENTINEL will be No. 29 and be dated July 18, instead of the eleventh. In ordering please remember this. If you order the SENTINEL of July eleventh and do not specify that the extra is wanted, we will send you this number and not the extra. The price for the extra will be at the rate of $1.00 per hundred; $8.00 per thou-sand. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - Address. AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 