44 THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL,. Mediator, to appoint days of worship, the argument will be equally valid for the ap-pointment of any worship that men can ren-der. We think, therefore, that those who are laboring to inaugurate a system of civil gov-ernment, the avowed object of which is to interfere in spiritual things, and to enforce them by penal enactments, are further on their way to the Papacy, and infinitely more to be feared, than the Ritualists. It is clear to the writer that if the civil ruler is clothed with authority in the smallest particular in spiritual things, to that extent he is Pope. ORIENT. Morality and Religion. AS- RELATED TO THE STATE-SHOULD SUNDAY OBSERVANCE BE COMPULSORY? CAN laws which guard religious rights and protect religious privileges be considered op-pressive to non-religionists? By no means. It is the duty of every Government to guard all rights, and to protect in the exercise of all privileges which may lawfully be exercised. This is not oppressive to the non-religionist. But religion is a voluntary matter; under co-ercion it is worthless and a mockery. Na-tions, States, or individuals cannot be voted pious. That which is a privilege to one, be-ing a matter of conscience, is no privilege to another, whose conscience is not exercised in the same manner. A law to compel the non-religionist to observe religious rites and rules because they are privileges to his religious neighbor, is oppressive. It is an injustice to the man and an injury to religion. The duty of the Government is not ex-hausted when it has protected the rights of the religious. Governments are not estab-lished for the benefit of any class of their subjects. It is no more the duty of Govern-ment to protect the religionist than it is to protect the non-religionist. The non-religion-ist has a citizenship; he acquires property; he builds a house; he pays taxes; and he has the same right to be protected that his relig-ious neighbor has. He has no right to dis-turb his neighbor, or hinder him from living out his religion; and his religious neighbor has no right to disturb him in the peaceful possession of his home, because he is not re-ligious; he has no right to compel him to observe religious rites in which he" does not believe. Neither has any class of religionists any right to disturb others because they pro-fess a religion different from their own. And it is equally the duty of the Government to protect them alt in their rights, whatever their religion may be, or whether or not they have any at all. In its broadest sense religion is any system or method of worship, without regard to what the object of worship may be. In this sense the angels are religious, for they worship God. But in Christian lands the word is used in a more restricted sense. He is not counted religious, who does not believe in God, his Son Jesus Christ as the only means of salva-tion, and the Bible as a revelation of God to man. But religion is not to be confounded with morality. Morality is obedience to the revealed will of God, whose law is a moral law, the only moral rule. Had man retained his innocency, he would still have been a religious being, ac-cording to the primary sense of the word, and would have worshiped. God as the angels now do. But religion in the commonly-accepted sense would not have existed. There would have been no need of a Saviour; Christ would not have died, and Christianity would not have been. Alexander Campbell, in his de-bate with Bishop Purcell, said the ten com-mandments are a synopsis of all religion and morality. Webster says the ten command-ments are a summary of morality. Both statements are true, if we consider religion ac-cording to its primary signification. But the ten commandments do not 'contain within themselves the, Christian religion; for this is remedial, and a law cannot be remedial. No system which does not contain pardon can re-cover from guilt and its consequences; law cannot pardon; Christianity does. Therefore the law is not a religious instrument in this sense. The ten commandments as a whole are the moral law. Each one contains an elementary principle or truth. Though they are all moral, they are also religious, using religion in its primary sense only; that is, obedience to, or worship of, God, such as holy and un-fallen beings could render. But they differ in this, that the religious element predomi-nates in the first four, because they relate more directly to our duty to God; and the moral element predominates in the last six, because they relate more directly to our duty to our fellow-man. But they cannot be so'  separated that a man may be truly religious and violate any of the last six, or be truly moral and violate any of the first four. But Christianity is a religion in quite an-other sense. It is purely remedial; it grows out of the sole fact that man sinned. It is essentially different from the moral law, and its rites -and institutions are religious only. They have no moral element. For if they were moral, also, they could not belong to a remedial system, as they would then be a duty on their own account. When the pre-cept was announced, " Repent and be bap-tized," it was not declared because it was an original or moral obligation, but because of sin; and thus it was added "for the remis-sion of sin." We now come to an important consideration, namely, the relation of the State to religion and morality. Though the ten commandments-are moral, only a moral governor can enforce them on a moral basis. This is shown by considering that the tenth commandment, which is among the moral precepts, because it relates to our duty to man, cannot be enforced at all by civil government; of its' violation man can , take no cognizance. Human governments are, in this respect, quite limited in their scope. Pure morality has respect to inten-tion as well as to action. In the sight of a moral governor, hatred is murder and lust is adultery; but in the sight of civil govern-ments these are no- crimes until they take the  form of actions or open violation of the law. It is for this reason that covetousness cannot be prohibited by human governments. As soon as it takes the form of action it comes under the eighth commandment, which for-bids stealing. Thus it will be seen that a civil govern-ment which pretends to enforce the morality of the' ten commandments will find itself hedged in by impossibilities; it is compelled to govern only on a civil basis ; and if it at-tempts to go any further than this, it will usurp the prerogatives of Him who alone knows the secrets of the heart. Now, inasmuch as Christianity is secondary, or remedial, in its nature, and its laws and institutions have no moral element, being purely religious, it is a matter of conviction, of the heart, and does not come at all within the scope of civil government. Without con-viction, without the heart's full and complete acquiescence, it is nothing. It is a matter solely between God and our own souls. Man has no right to restrain it, and it is impossible for him to enforce it. Any attempt on his part to do either is a presumptuous usurpa-tion of the rights and prerogatives of the Creator. The sentiment that the State should sup-port Christianity is not a new one, but this does not demonstrate that it is not a danger-ous sentiment. Dr. Talmage, in a recent ser-mon upon the subject of God in our -politics and in our Government, to the supposed ob-jection that there may be somebody who does not believe in God, says " Well, my friends, there are a great many people who do not believe in chastity, a great many who do not believe in the sanctity of the marriage relation, a great many who do not believe in the rights of property, a great many people who do not believe in any style of governmentŠpeople who would rob and steal and murder. Do you refuse to make laws against criminals because they are crim-inals? Will you refuse to recognize God in the Government affairs because there are men who do not believe in God?" We have a regard for the Bible and-Chris-tianity, but we protest against that persecuting spirit so foreign to true Christianity, which places an unbeliever because he is an unbe-liever, on a level with adulterers, thieves, and murderers. There was a time when " the church" declared that "heresy is the highest crime." Do we wish to return to such a state of things? We believe in making laws against "crim-inals because they are criminals," but for no other reason. We do not believe that heresy, or unbelief, or infidelity, is a crime with which human laws have anything to do. To set up such a standard of crime is menacing to our liberties -both civil and religious. The pres-ent efforts to secure a stricter Sunday law are " straws " in the direction indicated above. Mr. Cook, in the prelude to a recent Monday lecture, said: "You will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest unless you preserve it as a day of worship. Unless its observance be founded upon religious reasons, you will not long maintain it at a high stand-ard." Shall the civil law enforce a religious 