Peter the Hermit, the Typical National Reformer of the 11th Century, Preaching the Crusades. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."      Vol. 11, No. 13. NEW YORK, MARCH 26, 1896. Price, three cents.      American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK.  Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, }. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - THE CHRISTIANITY OF CHRIST AND THE CHRISTIANITY OF THE CRUSADES. THE Christianity of the Crusades was the gospel of revenge, of force, of the sword: it was the National Reform movement of that era. Europe was already " Christian," hav-ing been made so largely by the sword; and what was more natural than that men believing in national "Christian-ity, " should regard carnal weapons as the most potent means of establishing even the kingdom of the Prince of Peace? But the Christianity of the Crusades was not in any sense the Christianity of Christ. When the people sought to take Christ by force to make him King, he hid himself from them.' When Peter drew a sword in defense of his Master, Jesus said : " Put up, again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." When arraigned before Pilate as one guilty of speaking against Caesar, Christ said : " My kingdom is not of this world : if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight; . . . but now is my kingdom not from hence." And finally, the great apostle to the Gentiles wrote : " For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh: for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds; casting down imagination, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowl-edge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." This is the Christianity of Christ. Its fundamental law is: " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all  thy soul, and with all thy mind ;" and, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."' Its one undeviating rule of human conduct is: " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Christ himself came not into the world to condemn the world, " but that the world through him might be saved."' His minis-ters are ambassadors of peace. Says the apos-tle: " God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them; and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us: we pray you in Christ's stead be ye reconciled to God." Such is the Christianity of Christ, of the Gospels, of the Acts, of the Epistles; and such the relation that its ministers should sustain toward all men. But such is not the Chris-tianity of the Crusades. The Saviour said: " Love your enemies; do good to them which hate you, bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you."9  But the Christianity of the Crusades taught the very opposite of all this. Peter the Hermit, the great apostle of the Crusades, appealed to passion, prejudice, love of conquest, and hope of temporal and eternal reward. He exhorted his hearers to be re-venged on the hated infidels, and assured them that they would at the same time acquire great spiritual " merit"! Mounted on a mule, the Hermit carried his " gospel " of hate everywhere. In his so-called [preaching this man pictured the profanation of the holy places. Pantomine often supplied the lack of words. Depicting the scenes he had witnessed, he displayed a crucifix he had brought with him from Jerusalem, and smiting his breast with it until the blood7flowed, he exhorted his auditors to purge the Holy City of the hated Turk. "For Many years," says Ridpath, " the fanatical religious sentiment of the West had prescribed a pilgrimage to some holy place as the best balm for an in-flamed conscience. The morbid soul of the Western Frank saw in the sandal-shoon and scallop-shell of the pilgrim the emblems and passport of a better life. He who had sinned, he who had consumed his youth in lawlessness and passion, he who had in his manhood done some bloody deed for which he was haunted by specters, he who had for-gotten the ties of kindred and stopped his ears to the entreaties of the weak, must ere the twilight faded into dark-ness, find peace and reconciliation by throwing off the insignia of human power and folly and going barefoot to the holy places of the East. And what other spot so sacred, so meritorious, as the scene of the crucifixion and burial of Christ?" " The Crusades afforded an opportunity to do penance and to get renown and even wealth at one and the same time. " To destroy the hated Turk," says the historian, "and eradicate his stock from the earth, was - EDITORS Ł ASSISTANT EDITOR. John 6:15. 2  Matt, 26:52. 9 John 18:36. 5  Matt. 18:37, 39. Matt. 8:12. ' John 3:17. 9  Luke 6:27, 28. 4  0 Cor. 10:3 5.' * 2 Cor. 5:19, 20. 10  History of the World, Vol II, chap. XVII. 