MAY 21, 1896. SIEN91-91NIEIL, 167 abuses. 0a the contrary, you will make use of the means that are at hand to arrest and hinder them wherever met, reporting your actions to this office. Your obedient servant, MANUEL CASABIANCA, Minister of Government. As I stated in the article referred to, printed in these columns June 27, 1895, the Roman Catholic Church in this country is the " essential element of social order." It is a well-known fact that the Roman Church has condemned through its head, the Pope, every idea and doctrine favoring civil or re-ligious liberty. This fact is overlooked by those who are working for more liberty, or it may be unknown to them. It is certain that they do not recognize it as applying to them-selves. They are honest in the belief that they are not working against the church when trying to obtain more civil liberty, but simply against the political organization known as the Conservative Party. For the church to plainly say to them, You have no more a part with me, would be to place her at once at their mercy, for those who are seeking more liberty are vastly in the majority. They would at once know who is their foe; but as it now is, they think her their friend, and she permits them to do so for the sake of gaining her own ends. Let us examine the part the church has been playing. Under the former constitution Church and State were separate, but the religious leaders were not satisfied, and at last succeeded in organizing a revolution which proved success-ful. The former constitution was abolished and a new one made, in which, while appear-ing not to have any part in the affairs of the government, it really has control. The first move on the part of the church was to get " God into the constitution," by inserting these words in the preamble: " In the name of God, supreme fountain of all authority." Now the church's claim that the Pope is God's representative on the earth, and that he is "Lord of the earth, the Master of the Universe;" that "the Pope is all in all, and above all, so that God himself and the Pope, the vicar of God, are but one consis-tory," really placed the State in the hands of the church when the name of God was ad-mitted into the constitution. The next step was to proclaim that the Holy Apostolic Catholic religion was the re-ligion of the nation, but that the church was not an official one. This was done in Article 38 of the constitution, which also binds the government to protect and cause it to be re-spected as the " essential element of social order." Still not satisfied, a treaty had to be made with the " Holy See," and by its terms the church was reconciled with the civil powers of Colombia. But where in history do we read of the Roman Church being satis-fied with the civil power, excepting where the civil rulers were subject to the authority of the church ? ŠIn the last presidential elections, Mr. R. Nunez was chosen president, and Mr. M. A. Caro as vice-president. A little less than two years ago President Nunez died. Since that time Vice-President Caro has discharged the duties of president, but has always signed as "vice-president in charge of presidential af-fairs." Mr. Caro has all along desired to become the president, and in harmony with Articles 123 and 127 of the constitution, temporarily resigned, on March 12 of this year, and his successor, General G. Q. Calderon, on the same day duly took charge of his post. Gen. Calderon immediately, sent a circular to the  various governors, from which is quoted the following points:Š We shall endeavor to faithfully carry out the laws in harmony with the Constitution ; . to be strict, rigid, and economic in matters of finance; to provide for the retirement of the paper money; . . . to reestablish the circulation of gold and silver; . . . to continue doing . . the con- stitutional duty of protecting and causing the Holy Apostolic Catholic Church to be respected as the es-sential element of social order of the Republic; to advocate the establishment of public education upon this firm basis. The reception accorded the proclamation, as well as that given to the General, indicated that he had struck a popular cord. I will only add a brief comparison between the condition of the country while under a government in which the Church and State were separate, and that under which the Church has in fact been the ruling spirit. Under the former, entire civil and religious liberty existed; the press was free, and free-dom of thought and speech was enjoyed; gold and silver was the money in use; national credit excellent at home and abroad; educa-tion compulsory only in the sense that all must go to school a certain number of months during the year; prosperity and advancement was on every hand. Under the present, gold and silver has been replaced by a depressed paper money which requires more than $2.50 of it to equal one dollar of American gold, while before, the money of the country was often worth more than United States gold. National credit is all but gone; the debt is on the increase, with the greater part of its in-terest unpaid; with the educational institu-tions in the priests' hands, and after ten years' trial the rising generation rates lower in education than the former did; poverty has taken the place of prosperity; freedom of speech and press is restricted to the tolerance of the ruling party. My unhappy country, when wilt thou be free ? When will peace and happiness reign within thy borders, and prosperity fill thy bosom ? When ? The dying echo replies, " Only when thou bast learned that thy foe has been her who has so long enjoyed thy love, thy confidence, and thy bounties." " ERRORS IN DIET," No. 1 of Health Reform Li-brary, published by the International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich., has come to our table. It is a twelve-page tract, 71/4x5M inches. The subject treated is one of vital interest to everybody. The subhead-ings are: Hasty Diet; Drinking at Meals; Tempera-ture of Foods; Too Frequent Eating: Eating between Meals; Improper Food combinations; and Mental conditions. The Health Reform Library is issued quarterly at 15 cents per year. Address International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safely attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRIORS. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens 10c. No. 2. 44 3 44  15c. No. 3. Sealskin, 2 15c. No. 4. it 3  It 25c. No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 " 25c. No. 6. Sealskin, 4 " 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. Large Type 13 I F-3  T 1-4,  For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column book like most Bibles, the full size of page being 5X x in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The burnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Plea Type in Bible No. 173o. this areusually elderly persons, andwant simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is printed from clear, new, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. Sent postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. pRic : No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, Round Cor-ners, Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City. Mo. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough cat-echism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price, 25 cents. Send for Sprtng Catalog of Publications. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentious of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authovities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Ł Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 51- x inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Douglas Center, Wis., Jan. 25, 1896. To whom it may concern I have but little faith in the common washing machine, pre-fering the good old way; but we are converted thoroughly, and have a Cyclone; it has been in use three months, and we like it well: it is a fine machine. Yours truly, Mns. GEO. LANDGRA-FF. Address, COON_BROS., Battle Creek, Mich. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS 