ANIERICAN SENTINEL. be, I, as a good citizen, am bound by the laws of the land aS the legislature makes them, as the court expounds them, and as the executive officer administers them. I am bound by our Constitution as our fathers made it, and as it is our duty to support it. I am bound as a good citizen to sustain the constituted authorities, and to resist, discourage, and beat down, by all lawful and peaceful means, all attempts at exciting mobs, & vio-lence, or any other revolutionary proceedings, against the Constitution and the constituted authorities of the country." LINCOLN SUSTAINED BY AUTHORITY. The next night, July 17, at Springfield, Lincoln re, plied and said:Š "Now as to the Dred Scott decision, for upon that he makes his last point at me. He boldly takes ground in favor of that decision. " This is one-half the onslaught, and one-third of the plan, of the entire campaign. I am opposed to that de-cision in a certain sense, but not in the sense which he puts on it. I say that in so far as it decided in favor of Dyed Scott's master, and against Dred Scott and his family, I do not propose to disturb or resist the decision. "I never have proposed to do any such thing. I think that in respect for judicial authority my humble hiStory would nor suffer in comparison with that of Judge Douglas. "He would have the citizen conform his vote to that decision; the member of Congress, his; the President, his use of the veto power. He would make it a rule of politi-cal action for the people and all the departments of the Government. I would not. By resisting it as a political rule, I disturb no right of property, create no disorder, excite no mobs. " When he spoke at Chicago, on Friday evening of last week, he made this same point upon me.. On Satur-day evening I replied, and reminded him of a Supreme Court decision which he opposed for at least several years. Last night, at Bloomington, he took somenotice of that reply, but entirely forgot to remember that part of it. " He renews his onslaught upon rile, forgetting to re-member that I have turned the tables against himself on that very point. I renew the effort to draw his attention to it. I wish to stand erect before the country, as well as Judge Douglas, on this question of judicial authority; and therefore I add something to the authority in favor of my own position. / wish to show that I am sustained by authority, in addition to that heretofore presented. . . . "In public speaking it is tedious reading from docu-ments; but I must beg to indulge the practice to a lim-ited extent. I shall read fi`om a letter written by Mr. Jefferson in 1820, and now to be found in the seventh volume of his correspondence, at page 177. It seems he had been presented by a gentleman of the name of Jarvis with a book, or essay, or periodical, called the 'Republi-can,' and he was writing in acknowledgment of the present, and noting some of its contents. After expres-sing the hope that the work will produce a favorable effect upon the minds of the young, he proceeds to say:Š "`That it will have' this tendency may belexpected, _ and for that reason I feel an urgency to note what I deem  an error in it, the more requiring notice as your opinion is strengthened by that of many others. You seem, in pages 84 and 148, to consider the judges as the ultimate arbiters of all constitutional questions,---a very danger-ous doctrine indeed, and one which would place us under the despotism of an oligarchy; Our judges are as honest as other men, and not more so. They have, with others, the same passions for party, for power, and the privilege of their corps. Their maxim is, "Boni judicis est ampli-are jurisdictionem; " and their power is the more danger-ous as they are in office for life, and not responsible, as the other functionaries are, to the elective control. The Constitution has erected nossuch single tribunal, knowing that, to whatever hands confided, with the corruptions of time and party, its members would become despots. It has more wisely made all the departments co-equal and co-sovereign within themselves.' " Thus we see the power claimed for the Supreme Court by Judge Douglas, Mr. Jefferson holds, would re-duce us to the despotisin of an oligarchy. "Now, I have said no more than this,Šin fact, never quite so much as this; at least I am sustained by Mr. Jefferson. " Let us go a little further. You remember we once had a National Bank. Some one owed the bank a debt ; he was sued, and soughtto avoid payment on the ground that the bank was unconstitutional. The case went to the Supreme Court, and therein it was decided that the bank was constitutional. The Whole Democratic party revolted against that decision. General Jackson himself asserted that he, as President, would not be bound to bold a National Bank to be constitutional, even though the court had decided it to be so. He fell in precisely with the view of Mr. Jefferson, and acted upon it under his official oath, in vetoing a charter for a National Bank. The declaration that Congress does notŁ  possess this constitutional power to charter a bank has gone into the Democratic platform, at their national conventions, and was brought forward and reaffirmed in their last conven-tion at Cincinnati. They have contended for that declar-ation, in the very teeth of the Supreme Court, for more than a quarter of a century. In fact, they have reduced the decision to an absolute nullity. " That decision, I repeat, is repudiated in the Cincin-nati platform; and still, as if to show that effrontery can go no farther, Judge Douglas vaunts in the very speeches in which he denounces me for opposing the Dred Scott decision that he stands on the Cincinnati platform. "Now, I wish to know what the judge can charge upon me, with respect to the decisions of the Supreme Court, which does not lie in all its length, breadth, and proportions at his own door. . . . "Free men of Sangamon, free men of Illinois, free men everywhere, judge ye between him and me upon this issue." THE FAMOUS DERATZ Shortly after the foregoing speech at Springfield, ar-rangements were made, and the famous debate between Lincoln and Douglas, was entered into. The first discus-cussion was at Ottawa, August 21, 1858. Upon this question, Mr. Douglas said nothing; but Lincoln spoke as follows:Š 