THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 141 gregationalists are cowards,Łbut they have more at risk. This is equivalent to saying that no minister who depends for his place and salary upon his popularity with the peo-ple, (and what minister does not, Method-ist as well as others ?) can dare aim to benefit the people by elevating them above their present way of thinking and acting, but must confine his efforts to simply trying to please them where they are. " They do not aim to elevate but only to please." This is precisely one of the rea-sons why the same Convention declared that the Sunday paper should be discon-tinued by law. Should the Sunday sermon also be discontinued for the same reason, and the minister silenced ? It actually seems as though, if we would only stand back and give these Sunday-law ministers time enough and rope enough, they would hang themselves. It would not be any-thing new under the sun if they did. Re-ligious laws often react upon those who clamor for them. Before this Convention closed, it passed three resolutions declaring the religious origin and nature of 'the Sabbath, and that that religious nature was transferred by Christ and the apostles to Sunday, and pledging themselves to resist all attempts to divest said Sunday, as a day of rest and worship, of the sacredness of the di-vine law. So it seems that the American Sabbath Union, when it is by itself alone, does not think that the Sabbath is a "civil institution," and it does not intend to pre-serve simply our " civil American Sab-bath," and it thinks very little about either the cause of liberty, or about the poor over-worked laboring man, but only about the interests of the Church, and the power of the clergy. And yet these same people since the Convention, are busy be:  fore the public with the old civil-Sunday-law plea. Nor is all this peculiar to the Massachusetts American Sabbath Union; it is a true and fair setting forth of the Union's underhand method of working wherever it operates. As has often been shown, their method of obtaining petitions is unfair and decep-tive. They ask for laws to " prevent peo-ple from being compelled to labor on Sun-day," and under cover of such a specious plea, they try to get a law to compel all to cease laboring on Suiday whether they wish to or not. As in the case of the Breckinridge bill, before the people they try to make it appear that if the law is not passed the District of Columbia will relapse into barbarism; but when by them-selves, they admit that the reason they want the law is not for the District of Co-lumbia at all, but that the United States may thereby establish a precedent for a national Sunday law. Every gentleman and every Christian knows that truth and right do not have to employ such methods of advancement. It is the old jesuitical doctrine that "the end justifies the means." Connected with this movement, there are undoubtedly many honest people, whose eyes are blinded; but the best that can be said of the movement, as a whole, is that it is full of insincerity and hypoc- risy. G. E. FIFIELD. . Protestant and Catholic Politics in Prison Religion. " A SHAMELESS Surrender," and " Eter-nal Vigilance Needed," are the headlines of editorial articles, in the Mail and Ex-press and the Christian Advocate, on the Freedom of Worship bill which has passed the Assembly of this State, by a vote of eighty-seven to eighteen. In the words of the Mail and Express, " The bill applies to all incorporated and unincorporated reformatory societies se-curing State and municipal moneys. It forcibly opens these institutions to the sectarian services of all sects and denom-inations." The question is further char-acterized in the same editorial as an "ugly sectarian controversy," and the prophecy made that " if this measure becomes a law, resistance to sectarian and ecclesias-tical aggressions upon our civil and relig-ious liberties will be forced into politics, and somebody will get hurt." In the closing paragraphs, the sword of the po-litical headsman is freely waved and the Republican members of the Legislature called upon to note the keenness of its edge. " Free American sentiment is an element to be considered by men seeking the suffrages of the people, as novel as this statement may appear to those who can hear more easily whispers from the Tiber than thunders from the Hudson. The Republican Senate must defeat this measure. Any Republican senator whose political future is not all behind him had better not say `yes' on the roll-call, if this iniquitous foreign-born and unnaturalized bill ever gets out of committee and is put upon its passage." The Advocate declares that "the pas-sage of this bill will raise a religious issue," and warns us that " the Roman Catholics are working with tact and vigor" to secure the passage of this measure. The Mail and Express also tells us "these bills were skillfully drawn, under the di-rection and with the approval of Arch-bishop Corrigan, and they are conse-quently in the interest solely of the Roman Catholic hierarchy." And upon this the writer is evidently beset with a vision of the dragon of the twelfth chapter of Rev-elation, for he cries out in terror, " and the horrible visage of the oft-defeated monster, which hasŁ for years been clutch-ing at the throat of unfortunate childhood, and striking at the vitals of Christian benevolence, in our unsectarian institu-tions, emerges from the dark chamber of the Assembly Committee on Revision, under the leadership of Mr. Blumenthal." The Observer also devotes almost two  columns to this same subject, beginning with the question, "Do the Protestant people of this State realize that the old jesuitically framed and named `Freedom of Worship' bill has passed the Assembly by a vote of eighty-seven to eighteen ?" Extended statistics are quoted to show that by far the greater proportion of pris-oners, prostitutes, and rumsellers are Ro-man Catholics, thus showing " the prac-tical folly of yielding to the demand of that religious institution which furnishes the least evidence of being entitled to special denominational recognition." The fact in regard to this bill is that the unprejudiced mind will fail to find in it a shadow of favoritism or partiality toward any creed or denomination. The reason why the Roman Catholics father the measure evidently is because they find themselves only tolerated in public insti-tutions, and not on an equal footing with the denominations which constitute the "national Christianity" of the United States. The Christian Advocate says, "priests can be admitted. There has never been any trouble on the subject of religion at the House of Refuge, on Randall's Island, except with the Jesuits. Priests can go there now. . . . The Roman Catholic priests are allowed to visit the children, converse with them, teach them, confess them, visit them in sickness, and bury them when dead." Notice the language, " can be admitted," " can go there," " are allowed to visit." The situation is evi-dently one of toleration not of equality. The whole question resolves itself into a contest between Protestantism and Roman Catholicism. Protestantism has now the superior place and influence in public in-stitutions, and to yield equal place to Ro-man Catholicism would be, in the minds of those who hold that this is a Protestant Christian Nation, " A Shameless Sur-render." In a sentence intended to describe the Roman Catholic position, the Observer unwittingly characterizes the Protestant bigotry which this discussion has unex-pectedly uncovered. The expression is this: " It is absolutely nothing but the old arrogance that despises anything re-ligious that does not include its own ec-clesiasticism." What right has the Legislature of the State of New York to say that any form of worship shall not be accorded a perfect equality with every other form of wor-ship, either in penal institutions or in any other, place within its jurisdiction 9  And if it be true that any creed or form of worship arrogantly assumes to itself to be the national Christianity and only toler-ates any other creed or form without ac-knowledging its equality, why may not the Legislature say authoritatively that no such distinction or discrimination shall be made in public institutions ? This discussion is but another loud-voiced witness to the supreme error of permitting ecclesiasticism to have any influence whatever in the control of civil institutions. W. H. M. 