MAY 3, 1894. IMall CA INT S11-4,IN1TTINIEIILA. 143 witness, or confession of the party before a civil mag-istrate, shall forfeit two hundred pounds of tobacco. " Now, gentlemen, that law has never been repealedŠ " MR. GROUT.ŠDon't you think that law ought to be repealed ? " MR. CORLISS. Š I think all Sunday laws are unconstitutional, and should not exist. But I was about to say that this law does still exist, and, by reference to the statutes of the District of Columbia, it will be seen that the police of the city of Washington are obliged to enforce that law. Tread:Š "It shall be the duty of the board of police, at all times of the day or night, within the boundary of said police district, to see that all laws relative to the ob-servance of Sunday are promptly enforced. " Now why has not this law been en-forced ? Certainly not because there is no such law, but because it is a part of a statute savoring so strongly of the Dark Ages as to make every one. ashamed of it. But it is this kind of company in which Sunday laws were originally found, and that is where they belong, for they are but a relic of the old system of Church and State. Indeed this law now in force in the District is as near to representing a Church and State power as it could well be. " Again: If this bill contemplates only a civil law, what right has it to exempt from its penalty a person simply because he may hold a certain religious faith ? According to the provisions of this bill, a man who has a certain religious faith may do- what another man without such a reli-gious faith cannot do. This shows that it is religious and not civil. It matters not what a man's religious faith is, it can-not exempt him from the penalties pro-vided by law against civil offenses, for the reason that man's religious faith can-not determine his innocence in such a case. It is just as wrong for a professed Christian to be found fighting in the street as for an avowed infidel; and it is no greater offense for an infidel to be thus engaged than for a Christian. These things are recognized by the courts. Take for example the law against polygamy; it does not exempt a man who happens to have a peculiar religious faith in relation thereto. Not by any means. One who believes it is right, religiously, to violate that law, gets no mercy because of his religious belief. Why is this ?ŠSimply because the law against polygamy is held to be purely a civil law. In fact, a civil law can do nothing else than to hold every offender guilty, whoever he may be, or whatever may be his religious faith. Any exemption in a law, in favor of a certain religious belief, immediately stamps that law as religious. But, according to this bill, a law may be enacted which will recognize one man as a criminal because he lacks certain elements in his religious belief, while another man having these elements may be considered a good citi-zen, even though he has done the very same act by which the other man was adjudged guilty; and the framers of this bill must be marvelously dull of compre-hension not to see it. " THE CHAIRMANŠWhen was this old law enacted, to which you refer ? " MR. CORLISSŠIn 1723. " THE CHAIRMANŠBefore the formation of the District ? " MR. CORLISSŠYes, sir; and it was re- enacted in 1874. " A MEMBER OF THE COMMITTEEŠYes,  and a man was tried under that law six years ago. " MR. ConmssŠMore than this, it is ad-mitted by many of the friends of this meas-ure, that it is for a religious purpose. . . . To show you that the sum of it all is that these people want a religious law, I quote from the official document which I hold in my hand, containing the ' Notes of a Hearing before the Committee on Educa-tion and Labor of the United States Senate, December 13, 1888.' At that hearing Mr. Crafts submitted a paper which purports to be ' questions' by workingmen to himself, and his answers. One of these workmen asks him the question, ' Could not this weekly rest-day be secured with-out reference to religion, by having the workmen of an establishment scheduled in regular order for one day of rest per week, whichever was most convenient, not all resting on one day ?' AnswerŠ`A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land, except upon the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out. Greed is so strong that nothing but God and the conscience of a man can keep him from capturing all the days for toil.' That set-tles the question, gentlemen." Religion and Politics. A WRITER in the Central City Democrat, speaking of the election next Tuesday from a Christian and temperance standpoint, admonishes the " Christian voters ' that Jesus Christ will sit over against the ballot box and see all that is put therein. . . . " Christian voters !" Why make this distinction ? Are " Christian voters " any better than any other voters ? We hear some people railing against Church and State, but they never see anything out of the way in such talks as that of this cor-respondent. They never can see any Church and State unless there is a cru-cifix, a cowl, or something of that sort in it. But they should be able to see that all this raising of such distinctions, all this urging that religionists should vote in a particular way because they are reli-gionists, is contrary to the spirit of the Constitution and the teachings of the fathers. Having said to a man that he should vote this way or that because he is a Christian, how natural and easy it would be to take the next step and tell him that he should not vote for a certain candidate because that candidate was not a Chris-tian, and then we should have practically the setting up of a religious test for office, which is contrary to the plain letter of the Constitution. Unless we desire and mean revolution, the only safe way and the only right way is to keep religious issues en-tirely out of politics. A man may have as much religion as he pleases in his own personal politics, that is his own private matter, but let him not attempt to inject any of his religion into the politics of others.ŠSilver Creek Times. THE power of Rome must be curbed in this country or the Republic will suffer. No better method could be adopted than to convert her followers to pure Chris-tianity and right ideas of the duties and obligations of citizenship.ŠRev. J. A. O'Connor. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CnaisT. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following  table of contents THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy ; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. PUBLICATIONS ON THE SABBATH QUESTION. READ the following and see if there is not some publication among  them which you desire to read, or which will benefit some friend:Š The Abiding Sabbath. BY A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath "prize essays," one of $500, and one  of $1, 000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question;  174 pages;  price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week ; 8 pages ; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it ; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted;  what Christ says; what the papacy says;  what Protestants say. A most convincing document;  24 pages;  price, 3 cents. " The Christian Sabbath." No. 113 of the Library. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject;  32 pages ; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the Religious Liberty Li-brary; 38 pages; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of the Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation;  550 large octavo pages;  price, cloth, $2.00;  library binding, $2.50. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by 'addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. No great railroad in America offers the advantages for summer travel and enjoyment equal to the WEST SHORE RAILROAD. Starting from New York (around which are clus-tered more pleasure resorts than any other city in the world), paralleling the grandest river on the continent, it traverses valleys celebrated in song and story, reaches many crystal lakes reposing like gems in their mountain settings, furnishes. access by branches and connections to the magnificent forests of the Catskill and Adirondack Mountains, terminating at the World's Wonder, Niagara Falls. Edited by one senag  the V' in R  PRISON LIGHT Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, SO per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. 