MAY 2, 1895. A_MIk4ren[cAINT SIE1NUCTINTIWIL. 141 alike by the compilers of our code and the ju-diciary. It must have been the effort of the latter to defend the law on the civil plea that led the former to divest it of the terms and phrases that make its religious character pal-pable when they came to insert it in our code. In the code the title is left out, in which the object of the law is stated to be, "to prevent the profanation of the Lord's day, commonly called the Sabbath," for which the word Sunday is substituted in the body of the act as it appears in the code. The courts have shown the same partisan spirit and determination to sustain the law on false premises in another particular. The law makes Sunday work an offense triable only before justices of the peace, the penalty being a three-dollar fine. Now, to the laymen like your petitioner it is a matter of interest, since this is the only statute against work on Sun-day, to know how it is that offenders under this law are now tried under indictments of the grand juries, fined in the discretion of the courts and even imprisoned for such periods as judicial mercy alone may suggest ? The answer from the history of these persecutions that have blackened our court records more than our legislative journals, is, that it has all been brought about by judicial legerde-main resembling legislation more than a judi-- cial act. The courts have extended the law so as to make a repetition of the offense in-dictable, on the ground that the act done more than once becomes a nuisance, a disturbance of somebody's rights. How the act done but once is not a disturbance of someone's rights and the same act repeated becomes a disturb-ance and an indictable offense, none but a mind trained to judicial legerdemain can dis-cern. The act done is made an offense, in the law, because done on the " Sabbath," but not an indictable offense. It could not have been made an offense of the lowest grade on any other ground, because the acts proscribed are "the common avocations of life." Again, the non-professional mind is puzzled to know how " the common avocations of life " when exercised on any other day than Sunday are entirely innocent and even commendable, and yet on Sunday are such nuisances or disturb-ances-as to become indictable offenses. Every judicial rendering on the subject has to go back on the idea on which the act is based, the religious idea. And in doing so they all run rough-shod over the sound doctrine of Chief Justice Nicholson's opinion, " that the carrying on of one's business openly and pub-licly on Sunday was not and could not consti-tute a nuisance simply because it was done on Sunday " (Case of Lowry vs. State, 7 Bax. 95). He furthermore said in the same opinion: " The legal definition of a nuisance is that which incommodes or annoysŠ something which produces inconvenience or damage.' It cannot be said that a barber-shop is something which incommodes or annoys, or which pro-duces inconvenience or damage to others. To hold that it becomes a nuisance when carried on on Sunday, is a perversion of the term nuisance.' All that can be said of it is that when prosecuted on Sunday it is a violation, and subject to be proceeded against as provided by the statute, but not subject to indictment as a nuisance." Had the plain common sense of this render-ing continued to prevail there had been no King case in Obion County, nor Capps case in Weakley County, and divers similar cases in Henry and other West Tennessee counties; nor the late deplorable cases in Rhea County in East Tennessee. In all these cases much of the cruel and fell spirit that characterized religious persecution in the Dark Ages, when the Inquisition assumed the keeping of men's  consciences the world over, was displayed. Much misery and suffering were inflicted. It has already been noticed in this paper that King was cruelly pursued to death. Space will not allow a detail of the hardships en-dured in the other cases, only a little less severe than in King's case. Men languished in jail, worked in the chain-gang on the streets, and suffered almost every degree and character of punishment and indignity practiced in former ages when religious bigotry ran riot, except burning at the stake, gibbeting, etc. The closing and ruin of a splendid school at Graysville, and the consequent depreciation of the value of property in that townŠamount-ing to thousands of dollars perhapsŠas the result of the late Rhea County persecutions, to say nothing of the imprisonment of some eight citizens whose only offense was that they held to and practiced religious beliefs differing from those of their neighbors, is a familiar story to this assembly because of its recent oc-currence. The fatal departure from sound principles was taken in the Parker case, already referred to, and led to all this. Your petitioner is in no wise identified with the religious order from whose ranks all these hapless victims have been taken, is not in sympathy with them in any of the tenets that distinguish them from other denominations, nor is he before you as their apologist or defender. He has a common in-terest with others in desiring the repeal of this law, who may fall under the ban of proscrip-tion for opinions which may not conform to the standard of the civil law, and thus incur the judicial wrath promulgated against Sev-enth-day Adventists on one occasion when they were told from the bench that " they must educate their consciences to conform to the standard of the law." He has a common in-terest with all lovers of the fair name of the State in desiring to retrieve her fame from such shame as has been enacted in these cases. He would stay this war upon the freedom of con-science, upon religious opinions, ere difference of opinion in other and all instances are made the occasion of arraignment for the crime of heresy. We are almost to the verge of that condition of things now. The religious ani-mus of the opinion in the Parker case started us on the downward road thitherward. The especial interest in hounding on these prose-cutions of religious zealots, the intellectual dishonesty of the plea of the civil purpose of the law, are sufficient warnings that it ought to be repealed. Be not misled at the pre-tense that these cases are prosecuted as offenses againgt the civil law. There never was a case of religious persecution that was not defended on that pretext. Repeal the law is the prayer of your humble petitioner. WM. P. TOLLEY. Ł 11-Ł  MORE PRESS COMMENTS ON TENNESSEE PERSECUTIONS. " TENNESSEE seems to be endeavoring to give us a scene of intolerance worthy of the sixteenth century, or earlier."ŠHope Valley (R. I.) Advertiser, April 18. " IT is apparently a trivial matter, and may be passed over by the world at large as an effort of cranks' to override State law, but the principle at stake is a serious one and may well command the earnest attention of all lovers of religious liberty."Š Martha's Vineyard Herald, March 28. " WE expect that the AMERICAN SENTINEL Šan ably edited paper in all respectsŠwill realize its fondest dreams, and that it will have orders for another half a million copies Of its  sprightly paper, after the first edition will be exhausted, and thus rebuke the witch-burners of that benighted State, Tennessee."ŠPublic Opinion, San Francisco, Gal. HONEST work conscientiously performed is as much an offering to God as church at-tendance and loud prayers. It all depends upon the spirit in which it is done. As long as the Adventists observe one day of the week as Sabbath and work as the Bible commands the other six days, they should be esteemed as Christian, law-abiding people, and be secure from molestation."ŠThe Jewish Spectator, April 5. " TENNESSEE appears to be a pretty good State to keep away from, especially if one has an idea that he is living in a free country and has the right of thinking as he chooses upon religious matters. A number of Seventh-day Adventists, in Rhea County, have been locked up in jail for a month or so because they in-sisted-  that they had a right to worship Satur-day and work Sunday. The prisoners argued ably from the Bible that they had the right to their belief but the court decided against them and they went to jail."ŠDaily State Gazette, Trenton, N. J., April 15. " IN view of the fact that these people keep and observe one day of the week as the Sab-bath day; that the Sunday of other sects is to the Adventists what Monday is to other de-nominations, and the common avocations' are legitimate and not obnoxious, it is our opinion that the Constitution of the United States will have to be changed and a new Dec-laration of Independence made, before the constitution of the State of Tennessee, or any other commonwealth, can be so warped as to persecute the ministers and professors of this sect. They worship according to the dictates of their conscience."ŠThe New Haven (Ind.)' News, April 18. "IT does not appear that these simple, honest and God-fearing people in any way interfered with others who desired to observe the first day. Honestly believing that Saturday is the Sab-bath commanded by the Bible they were but acting in conformity with their religious con-victions, and nothing but malice and bigotry could have inspired the prosecution, which is in reality a persecution. With such a thing as the convict lease system in force in the State of Tennessee, with negroes being shot by mobs in half dozen lots, or burnt alive, it does seem as if there were some violation of the laws of God and man more in need of punishment than the technical offenses of the Adventists. . . . If the guarantee of religious liberty in the Constitution means anything.at all, it is in-tended to cover just such cases as the one under consideration. It is not claimed that these people interfered in any way with the rights of others, or in the remotest degree in-fringed upon the freedom of worship to which other denominations are en titled."Š Chicago Israelite, March 80. "THE Sunday-law fanatics of Tennessee are carrying things with a very high hand. Re-cently in that State twelve or fourteen Seventh-day Adventists were indicted for working on Sunday, convicted and thrown into prison. A school with which they were connected was thereby broken up and the families of some of them were left dependent upon public charity for support. The spirit of religious intoler-ance is abroad in the land. There is probably not a religious community in the United States where it does not crop out from time to time. We only hope these bigoted fanatics will carry the thing so far that the people will rise up 