T14E, A AlfERICAN 163  It shows that while the Statesman's moral cranium somewhat resembles rhinoceros hide, it is not wholly impenetrable. True, the Statesman does not yet see everything clearly else it would never refer to the Mail and Express as a " religious and reform" paper, for it is neither, but is anything from a text of Scripture to a liquor "ad." The Statesman's classifica-tion of the " leading evening paper " is a slander, though doubtless unintentional, upon the real religious and reform press. The Statesman is quite welcome to the slight service which we have rendered it. We would be glad to do it a further service, and purge it of the patent medi-cine " ads " which at once deface its col-umns and defraud its readers, but that is too much to expect. The Statesman must of course live, and if the money to live on don't come from subscribers, of course it must come from advertisers. We can't expect very much from a paper living in a National Reform fog bank. The Test Act. IN view of the history of the struggle for religious liberty that has taken place in England and other European countries, it seems almost incredible that there are those who still wish to go back to medi- eval methods for the advancement of reli-gion and morality; who still think that by formally connecting the name of God with the law of the land, or by making religion in any way a test for civil service, they would be advancing the interests of Christianity. Such a course has again and again been demonstrated a failure. It was tried by the Emperor Constantine, who made the Christian religion the reli- gion of the Roman Empire. The result was that Christianity was not advanced but hypocrites were multiplied, for all unprincipled men who desired favor im-mediately professed to be Christians; making the last state worse than the first. But the weakness of this theory was, perhaps, best demonstrated by the English Test Act, passed 1673, in the reign of Charles II. This act decreed that nos man should hold any office under government,unless he was a Christian and partook of the Lord's supper. No doubt many at the time con- sidered this an advance step toward mak-ing England an ideal Christian nation. What could be more desirable than to have all employes of the nation humble Christian men? Their idea of the result was doubtless very similar to Miss Willard's conception of the Christianized politicians marching up to the polls to worship,,God. But, alack! how far below these visionary dreams did the actual re-sult prove. Never was a more deplorable state of affairs brought about by act of Parliament. Every honest dissenter was shut out, and every scheming rogue was taken in, and the sublime religion of the Man of Calvary was used as a mere po-litical football. For one hundred and fifty-five long years the English people were afflicted with this iniquitous act, until in 1828 it was repealed. Lord John Russell, in introducing the motion for repeal, said :Š This state of the law used to provoke the greatest scandal. It used to be the custom in a church in London, for persons to be waiting in a neighbor-ing tavern, and not to enter the church until the service was concluded, when they entered for the purpose of what was termed " qualifying for office." When this was the case, a person belonging to the church used to cry out, "All gentlemen who come to be qualified will be pleased to step up." They did  step up to the communion table, and took the sacra-ment, for the purpose of qualifying themselves to receive office. Such were the consequences of these laws, such the consequences of prostitution of reli-gion to politics, thus making it hateful to man and offensive to God. Long before, this abominable condition of things had evoked the indignant pro-test from the poet Cowper :Š Hast thou by statute wrenched from its design The Saviour's feast, his own bless'd bread and wine, And made the symbols of atoning grace An office key, a- pick-lock to a place ; That infidels may make their title good By an oath dipped in sacramental blood ? Such were the results of making reli- gion a test for office. FRANCIS HOPE. Hull, England. The Establishment of Religion by Co-lonial Grant and Charter. IN pursuance of the plan of establishing the Christian religion in Plymouth Col-ony, which Justice Brewer says animated these colonists, and in addition to the laws already quoted against those who '" pro-phanely sweare or curse ; " those who "neglect the frequenting the publick worship of God ; " the stern decree against the heathen red man who shall fish, or plant, or carry burdens on the Lord's day, or " discharge any gun att anything; " the corporal punishment, at the discretion of the magistrate, of such as deny the Scriptures to be the rule of life; the de-cree against those who do not furnish due maintenance to their ministers, that it should be in the power of the magistrate " to use such means as may put them upon theire duty :" these seem already to furnish a sufficiently substantial founda-tion upon which to build an establish-ment of religion. But at every conven-ing of court, however little the gospel may have been advanced, the work of estab-lishing religion goes on. In 1657, June 3, it was decreed :Š WHEREAS. This Generall Court taking into theire seriouse consideration the great defect that either is, or like to bee in ye severall Townshipes in this jurisdiction for want of an able, Godly Teaching Ministry, and the great prejedice to the soules of many like to ensue; and being desirous according to our duties that such defects should not bee for want of due incurragement to such as either are, or shall bee, imployed in soe good a worke of the Lord for his homier and the good of soules. And in consideration that in asmuch as the severall Town-shipes graunted by the Government ; was that such a companie might bee received as should maintaine the publicke.worshipe and service of God there, doe, therefore, judge that the whole body Church and towne are mutually engaged to support the same; and therefore order and agree, That what-soever Township there is, or shall be, an able, Godly teaching Minister, which is approved by this Government, that then four men be chosen by the Inhabitants, or in case of their neglect, chosen by any three or more of the Majestrates, to make an equal, and just proportion upon the estates of the Inhabitants according to their abilities to make up such a convenient maintenance for his comfortable attendance on his work as shall bee agreed upon by the Church in each townships, where any is, with the concurrence of the rest of the inhabitants if it may be had, or by the Majestrates aforesaid in case of their apparent neglect and that distresse, accord-ing as in other just cases provided, bee made upon such as refuse to pay such theire proportions which is in justice due. But in case there bee'any other way whereby any townshipe doe or shall agree that may effect the end aforesaid this law not to bee binding to them Thus early in the history of this Colony it would seem that not only has there been an establishment of religion, but an established church has been formed as well. Mr. Justice Brewer did not tell us of this. Can it be that the reading of the learned Justice has not pro- ceeded farther than the Mayflower corn,  pact in this line of very interesting legal lore ? Or did he name the compact as standing for, and representing, all the legislation that grew out of it, and thus personifying the Christianity which should be the birthright, the inheritancei  and the guarded possession of the "Chris-tian Nation" to come? To attribute the first would be an unpardonable breach of the ethical code,Šconstructive contempt of court. But, so far as the laws which have been quoted explain, amplify, and enforce the intent of the compact, it would be a still grosser discourtesy to attribute the second supposition to a Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, sit-ting upon the Supreme Bench in the year 1892, and in possession of all his mental faculties undimmed. However, the evidence is not yet in, and it is still too early to draw conclu-sions. This same session of the Plymouth Court enacts again, as follows :Š It is ordered by the Court, That in case any shall bring in any Quaker, rantor, or other notorious heritiques, either by land or water, into any part of this Government, shall forthwith, upon order from any one Majestrate, return them to the place from whence they came, or clear the Government of them on the penaltie of paying a fine of twenty shillings for every weeke that they shall stay in the Government after warninge. This is a very strange law. It fore-bodes grave possibilities. There seems to be in it the foreshadowing of a set purpose in the establishment of religion, and the establishing of a church in legal form and authority. It will be necessary to read this old statute book still farther. W. H. M. A False Impression Corrected. A GENTLEMAN officially connected with the lately organized Battle Creek society under the American Sabbath Union, for the enforcement of Sunday laws, re-cently stated that the Seventh-day Advent-ists were circulating petitions to Congress for the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday. In view of the fact that others may be laboring under a like misappre-hension, the following statement of facts is given. Seventh-day Adventists are not now and have not been circulating a petition to Congress or any other legislative assem-bly, for the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday, neither are they putting forth efforts in any other direction with a view to securing the opening of the Fair on that day. They are not particularly con-cerned as to whether it. shall be opened or closed on Sunday. They are willing that this matter should be left with the com-missioners and managers of the great show, for them to decide as in their judg-ment, in view of all the circumstances connected therewith, they may think best. But they are opposed to Congress or any State legislating upon this question, and saying by law that it must be either the one way car the other. They are opposed to religious legislation, and to the move-ment on foot to make the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday a rider by which to get Congress committed to that sort of legislation. Against this they are peti- It is Sunday legislation, and not Sundaytio ni ng. closing, they oppose. That such is the case the petition which they are circulating is herewith presented as evi-dence :Š We, the undersigned, citizens of the United 