556 AMERICAN SENTINEL. LAST week a strike of motormen and conductors was inaugurated on the surface roads of Brooklyn, under the direction of the labor organization to which these men belong. The outcome has called attention to several noteworthy facts. * THE strike failed, because the places of the strikers were promptly filled with "non-union men"Šsome being imported from. Philadelphia and BostonŠand the street car company was thus enabled to continue the service on its lines with but little interruption. This event con-tradicts the glowing reports of prosperity that have been circulated throughout the country. There can be no very great prosperity in a land where many thou-sands of intelligent men are ready to hail as a godsend the chance to earn two dollars by working twelve or fourteen hours a day in a great city. The lot of the most miserable farm laborer is far preferable to that of men compelled to maintain a family under such circum-stances. THERE are hard times wherever there are many peo-ple who are dependent for employment upon other per-sons who have no employment to give them. The num-ber of workingmen is too large for the amount of work that business corporations have on hand to be done. This is not the fault of the corporations; it is the fault of the people themselves. The people themselves do not have enough love for independence; they do not have enough love for the quietness and simplicity of country life; they prefer to flock to the great cities, and become dependent almost for their very existence upon the will and caprice of a mortal like themselves. They flee from the gardens which God made to the cities which manŠand the devilŠhave made. If they had a Garden of Eden to live in they would not be satisfied until they had turned it into a hell of piled-up brick and iron and stone, of saloons and slums, of sweatshops and stifling factories, of soul-crushingcorporations and the political boss. God had to drive man out of the Garden of Eden after he had sinned, not merely to guard the Tree of Life, but to guard everything else within the place against the "improvements" which sinners, prompted by their human nature, would speedily have undertaken if he had been allowed to remain. Every sinner is en-gaged in choosing and building for himself the hell he  will finally enter unless he shall be reclaimed by thegrace of God. * IT is the devil's studied plan to crush out of the people all independence, and the people readily lend themselves to his scheme. He is making them more and more dependent upon man, in order that they may feel less and less dependence upon God. He is working steadily to crush out of men the principle that leads an individual to think and act for himself, so that he may have one man think and act for a multitude who look up to him as though they depended on him rather than on God for their daily bread. Thus he exalts man into the place of God, and lightens work for himself by controlling a multitude through one person. The whole principle and purpose of this miserable dependence is devilish, and directly contrary to the order of God. THE gospel stands for individuality. God made men as individuals, and will save them only as individuals. Faith can behad only by individuals. The devil there-fore is working to crush out individuality from the earth. In this, at the present time, he has largely suc-ceeded. The idea that a man can stand alone, that he can think and act for himself in the business affairs of life, paying deference only to upright principles in his dealings with his fellows, is now an antiquated doctrine in most minds. He must join and move with a federa-tion, lose his individuality entirely and become like a mindless and soulless piece of a machine. When the committee of the union says "strike," he must strike, whether he wants to do so or not. On the other hand, he is equally a part of the machine of the corporation by which be is employed. Ł THIS is plainly stated in the following, said with reference to the Brooklyn "strike," by a daily of this city:Š "Whenever a strike is in progress there are a few people who object to concerted action on the part of the men, and think the existence of the union is the source of all the trouble. They always raise the same old cry, 'This is a matter between man and man.' They will tell you that each individual should dealŁ directly with his employer and make the best terms be can for himself. "Those people are the Rip Van Winkles of to-day; they have been asleep while the whole world has been changing. . . . If they would open their eyes and look about them they would discover that there is no longer anything that is 'a matter between man and man.' "The individual employer has disappeared, and in his place is a corporation representing many men and a vast aggregation of capital. In the face of this combi-nation the workingman standing alone is utterly power-less. Even the separate union is finding the odds against 