'2 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. we then reply: No matter what is the nature of the court by which such questions shall be de-cided, the fact remains that the subject of Chris- tian faith and practice will be removed from the domain of individual conscience, and placed in the hands of a legal tribunal, which shall decide what is and what is not Christian faith and practice,Šwhat we may and what we may not believe and practice as professed Christians! 6. There are many different churches and religions, or forms of religion, in the land, and no constitutional provision or judicial decision can declare that all these are conformable to Christian faith and practice. To so decide would be equivalent to making a law that every one should do as he pleased, in reference to Christian usages, which would amount to no law at all. And that is just the opposite of that for which the amendment party is striving. 7. It needs no extended argument to show that if the avowed object of that association is carried into effect, somebody's religious rights and privileges will be trampled down. It would then, of necessity, be decided that nobody has any right to hold to a religious usage contrary to the decisions of the court, and dissenters must abide the consequences. And it would make no difference how small were the minor-ity whose consciences were held in restraint by a legal tribunal, it would still be religious oppres- sion, a thing so odious in the eyes of every true American citizen. 8. And inasmuch as all creeds and faiths can- not possibly be embraced in such an amend-ment to our Constitution,Šcannot possibly be alike upheld by the decisions of the courts, said decisions being based upon one and the same law,Šif the object of that association is ever carried out it will be only by an established re-ligion in our beloved land, wherein we have hitherto rejoiced over the despotisms of the Old World, in that our Government has protected the liberty of conscience of all her citizens, in all her borders. Now we do not care what the " reform " may be called which seeks this ob-ject, or under what specious pretense it may be carried into effect, it will be nothing less than a complete union of civil and ecclesiastical power in one and the same State or in the same court; a union of "Church and State" in all the odiousness of such a combination; for it ever has and ever will be only odious and oppressive. And the tribunal which decides what may and what may not be held as Chris- tian usage or institution, and enforces its decis-ions by requisite penalties, can be no less than the Inquisition revived. That we do not misapprehend, and have not misstated, the aims and objects of this associa-tion, can be abundantly proved by their own language. In the Fifth National Convention of the association, held in Pittsburg, Pa., in Feb-ruary, 1874, Prof'. C. A. Blanchard delivered an address on " The Conflict of Law," which was enthusiastically received by the conven- tion, in which occurred the following words:Š " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measure, and of course Congress establishes a standard for money, weight, and measure. So Congress must establish a standard of religion, or admit anything called religion." But this can only be accomplished by an en- tire change in our Government; by a complete "union of Church and State." And, in addi-tion to the points stated seriatim in this article, we bring the following most decisive objection to the movement. 9. If Christian institutions be put on a legal basis, not only will the rights and consciences of dissenting denominations be trampled under foot, but those having no Christian faith will be compelled to conform to these institutions with-out having any religious convictions. They readily concede that you cannot compel a man into Christian belief, or make i man a Chris-tian by law; and they say they have no inten-tion to make the effort. No; they only wish to compel them by law to act as if they were Christians. However deeply it may be re-gretted that we cannot by law compel people to be Christians, it is but slight relief to pur-sue a course which will compel them to be hypocrites I 10. To accomplish all thisŠto establish a le-gal standard of religionŠit will be an unavoid-able necessity that the Government shall be ad-ministered by professed Christians only. And it needs no great insight into politics and hu-man nature to foresee that every political hack and office-seeking demagogue in the land will join the church as a means to elevation to office. If the churches were not already corrupted by worldly influences they would not seek this al-liance with the State. But what must be the corruption in religious bodies when union with a church becomes a prerequisite to office under the Government? This will give the reader some idea of the course of argument which we shall pursue in the SENTINEL, and of our reasons for entering our decided and solemn protest against this proposed change in the structure of our Gov-ernment. And now, if any yet ask why we publish a paper with the object of opposing this pro-posed amendment of the Constitution of the United States, we return the inquiry, " Is there not a cause ?" J. H. W. The Mormon. Question. WE are quite well aware that the objector to our position will refer to the case of the Mor-mons, and aver that our doctrine would uphold all the abominations of the Utah polygamists. Having viewed our ground carefully, we do not fear to meet the issue on that question, firmly believing that the "Amendment party" are utterly at fault in their pretended argu-ments on this subject. " They who have the truth can afford to be fair." Wherever we find men or parties re-sorting to concealments or evasions, we may be Assured that they are serving the cause of error. There aro two ways of deceiving: One is by telling that which is false; the other by concealing or perverting that which is true. The latter is the most difficult to detect and correct, and therefore it is really the most dan-gerous. It is cause for wonder that the Mormon ques-tion, in its relation to religion and morality, is not better understood. It must be accounted for, we think, by the fact that the subject of  morality itself is not understood. And nobody in the land is more greatly responsible for the confusion that exists on the subject of religion and morality, in their distinctions and rela-tions, than the "National Reform Association." They say that the amendment to our Constitu-tion, which they seek, is imperatively demanded in order that the evil of Mormon polygamy may be repressed. To show that we are not speaking at random in this matter, we will fur-ther quote from the speech of Prof. C; A. Blanchard, made in the Fifth National Conven-tion of the National Reform Association, held in Pittsburg, Pa., February 4, 5, 1874:Š "The Constitution declares that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; and also that no religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States. These state-ments are very general. No law may be made prohibiting the free exercise of religion. But who is to decide what is religion? The citi-zens, of course, for Congress may make no law respecting an establishment of religion. Every man may choose his religion or make a new one, and Congress may not prohibit its free ex-ercise. Tartar, Confucian, and Hindoo, may bring their gods many and lords many. The Moslem minaret may shine in the setting sun from every hill. Every graveyard becomes a temple for celestial worshipers of the dead. We cannot say, as a nation, that they do not have good religions, for we must pass no act respecting the establishment of religion. We cannot forbid their practices, for we must not prohibit its free exercise. "It tinswers no good purpose to say that wife-burning, man sacrificing, and babe killing are not religious practices. These things are done by millions of people in the name of re-ligion. When we say they are not religious acts, we make a law respecting the establish-ment of religion. When we prohibit them, we prohibit its free exercise. The Greek may bring his god of debauchery. He may commit all the nameless crimes which darken the fair name and fame of Attica. We must not say a word. He may worship his own god in his own way. . . . " The American people must say that the Bi-ble is the word of God, and that Christianity is the religion of this country, or the exclusion of such practices as we have named is prohib-iting the free exercise of religion, and hence unconstitutional. This is the constitution which the infidel likes, and to which he wants our laws adapted." But the framers of our Constitution were not infidels; they understood the true objects of civil Government, and wisely ordained that it should not undertake to settle questions in the-ology or create religious tests as qualifications for office. But let us further hear Mr. Blanch-ard before we attempt to point out the falsity of his reasoning:Š "' But,' says the Christian objector, 'the laws of the States do not permit wife-burning and man-eating religions. Bigamy is punished by law, in every State of the Union, and the mother found tossing her babe to a hungry shark would be locked up in the prison or the mad house. Sabbath laws, chaplains, and chapels in every part of the public service attest the national regard for religion.' True again. 'But what right has Government to tax me to sustain a chapel or chaplain, when it has nothing to do with religion, and I don't believe in any God ? What right to interfere with the suttee, when my religion commands it? What right to im-prison for bigamy, if my religion teacheS it and I am free to practice any religion I choose? 