506 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the contrary. There can be only assertions for it, made emphatic in order to give them an appearance of force. Atheism undertakes the impossible task of "proving a negative." A single fact may constitute positive proof that God does exist, while to refute a thousand alleged facts would afford no proof at all that God does not exist. The atheist delights to deal with the alleged facts of Christianity which are not facts, the "Christian" doc-trines which are no part of Christianity, the counterfeit which is altogether distinct from the genuine; as if to dispose of these were to disprove Christianity itself. THE new life that exemplifies the "fruit of the Spirit," is explained by the Scripture: "I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live; yet not I, but Christ liv-eth in me." Gal. 2:20. And here is stated a truth which disposes of another common misconception of Christian doctrine, which the Truth Seeker puts thus: "The doc-trine [of redemption] is that because Christ died men will have their crimes forgiven and go to heaven. The absurdity of the doctrine is apparent. 'If I owe Smith ten dollars and God forgives me, that does not pay n THE Christian doctrine is that because Christ died, mem may go to heaven if they will. And how?ŠSimply by the mystery of the new life, the "new creation," which is in Christ. The transgression of the law demanded death, and death there must be; not only the death of Christ, but that of the individual as well. "I am cruci-fied with Christ" means death for the individual as well as it did for Christ. The "old man" with the carnal nature dies, slain by sin and the law, and the individual is raised to life a, "new man" in Christ. The death and resurrection of Christ make it possible for the claims of the divine law upon the individual to be satisfied, with-out involving the individual in eternal death. The old self dies, but there is a new birth, a new life, in Christ. By being crucified with Christ, he is also raised with Christ. But if Christ had not died, there could have been no dying with him and therefore no resurrec-tion at all. The sinner would perish in his sins, and that would be the end. The doctrine of the Atonement, there-fore,.is not that the transgress-or goes scot free of the penalty because another dies. The true doctrine is not that the sinner does not die because of sin, but that he has a resurrection and a new life, because of the Atone-ment on the cross. Ł 41  THE excuse always advanced for such torturings of negroes in the South as that at Bainbridge, Ga., is that "a terrible object-lesson is needed to impress the brutish minds of the black masses." But the growing frequency of these scenes that would have disgraced the Dark Ages  shows that the excuse is not valid. The "object-lessons" are apparently degrading and making cruel the people who administer them with such elaboration and such delight. But they certainly are not lessening the,  crimes which it is alleged they are intended to cure.ŠN. Y. World. Ottowa Street Cars. 'ON July 23, the street cars in the city of Ottawa, Ontario, began to run on Sunday, after quite a struggle over the matter. Of course those who consider them-selves the guardians of the public morals felt much stirred up, and made earnest efforts to prevent this change taking place; and then after the cars had run two Sundays, an effort was made to get the city council to reconsider the matter. But that body, by a vote of 13 to 11, refused to reconsider the question, and so for several years to come the street car company has the right to run cars on Sunday. On the first Sunday that the cars ran they were well filled with people going to the parks and other places to enjoy the beauties of nature and get some fresh air and recreation. The pews in the churches were said to be correspondingly less filled. This, of course, was not agreeable to those who wish to see the pews filled even if it be by those who would rather be somewhere else. One can hear citizens of Ontario conversing thus: "They who have means of traveling about at their leis-ure, as they please, want to shut up the only oppor-tunity we poorer people have of going out and getting the fresh air and having some recreation, which is the Sunday street car, and compel us to go to church." This they consider to be unfair. And why should they not? Who has given any body of men the right to compel others to be religious in just their way? If a law were to be enacted compelling every citizen to be immersed, or to take the communion once a week or once a month, would it not be considered unjust? What more justice in compelling men to go to meeting, or to rest on Sun-day? The Ottawa movement is certainly in the right direction. F: D. STARR. Cape to Cairo Railway. THE Cape to Cairo railway will be the longest in the world. It will be run from the capital of Egypt, on the extreme north, to Cape Town on the extreme south, thus spanning the entire length of the Dark Continent, and covering country more diverse than any other line of track. The Canadian Pacific is 2,906 miles long, the Siberian railway will be 4,741 miles long, but the Cape-to Cairo will be 5,664 miles long. Of this distance, more than half is already finished, and is now in operation. 