380. AMERICAN SENTINEL. those who have been discharged, but to coerce and in-timidate those still in their employ. "How long will it be, if blacklisting is allowed to con-tinue and spread, before the laboring masses of the coun-try, having become the helpless tools of these mighty masters, will do their bidding in the exercise of the elec-tive franchise? We shall then have a government of corporations, by corporations, and for corporations. The wage-earner who feels his little children tugging at his coat-tails for bread will fear, in voting, to assert his manhood and resist oppression. Can a republic made up of such citizens long endure? Are such mere tools fit to be electors in a government of the people? These are serious questions, which must be wisely answered by American voters at the ballot-box, or the answers will be blood and revolution. "Blacklisting is thus seen to be a chief agency in fos-tering anarchy. It destroys manhood in citizens and makes them slaves. There must be a change. The love of liberty is too deeply rooted in the hearts of Americans long to tolerate this dangerous abuse. It is peculiarly against public policy, because when men cannot find work they become paupers and public charges, if not criminals." We would respectfully call your attention to our offer on page 382. It holds good for only fifteen days more, expiring June 30. .14 Plain Truths About the Pulpit. A WRITER in the Chicago Times-Herald of recent date gives an excellent statement of facts touching one of the most serious questions of the dayŠ"The Future of the Pulpit." Evidently, there are some persons who see plainly enough what is the matter with the pulpit, and this writer is one of them. Indeed, in view of the plain truths which apply to this question, it is strange that the rem-edy is not seen and applied everywhere that a sincere desire exists for the restoration of the pulpit power of former times. The truths here stated need to be set be-fore the minds of both clergy and people, for their guid-ance in the crisis that has now been reached. If gener-ally comprehended and accepted, the nation would be saved from the fate which awaits every people when the church seeks to an unlawful and mistaken source of power to supply the power she has lost. The writer says:Š "In your issue of the 30th of April, your editorial `The Future of the Pulpit' attracted my attention, both from the importance of the subject, and also from the failure of that article and its quotations to touch the cause of the loss of authority and power by pulpit and preacher. When Jesus commenced his pulpit ministry in the synagogue of Nazareth, he opened his service with a reading from the prophecy of Isaiah foretelling of him-self: 'The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor.' That Spirit had anointed him at his baptism, when the voice  publicly acknowledged him as 'Beloved Son.' When the `day of Pentecost was fully come,' the disciples were filled with the Holy Spirit, according to Christ's promise to them made on the mount of ascension, when he charged them as 'witnesses unto me . . . unto the uttermost part of the earth.' Such men, so endowed, preached with power of God, and thousands on that day testified to its saving power. There was a house in old Damascus on a certain street called 'Straight.' There Ananias met one Saul of Tarsus and said to him: 'The Lord even Jesus hath sent me that thou mightest be filled with the Holy Ghost.' Such a man, so endowed, preached with power of God, to slaves and kings, to Roman and Greek, to Jew and Gentile, and thousands testified to its saving power. And from that early time till now, whenever and wherever any man so endowed and so filled has preached the gospel of Christ, it has been with power. The future of such preachers and such pulpits could be written with certainty, even by a writer for the secular press. "Too many of the pulpits and church platforms of to-day are only lecture rostrums, where the Almighty, holy and just, is wholly ignored. Where a personal spirit is repudiated and denied, where a sin-bearingChrist is scouted, and in their stead is reared for worship in these buildings a calf of gilt decked with flowers and rib-bons, scraps of poetry, quotations from salacious au-thors bathed in waves of operatic music, uttered by lips all too unholy, this substitution for the worship of God soon grows tame and wearisome, for even an 'insti-tutional church' cannot as yet compete with a first-class play-house. "No uncertain sound should issue from God's mes-sengers, for they represent what you call the 'pulpit.' There must be no hesitancy or wavering of belief con-cerning the message they proclaim to a dying world. The true prophet of God must be a soldier, 'captain of the host of the Lord,' sword in hand, and that sword of the Spirit is the Word of God, and must be sharp, not hacked and dulled by president or dean, not a gift weapon, with handle crusted with pearls and blade adorned with in-scription and made dull with flowers, but 'sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asun-der of the joints and marrow.' If he who stands in the `pulpit' of to-day or the future be a true prophet of God. he was charged by God through his prophet Ezekiel to `speak- with my words unto them,' whether they will hear or forbear,' and if this be not done, God declares `blood will I require at thine hand.' The fruitful pulpits and the successful laborers of the past have been places and men from which came forth no smooth utterances of false hopes for itching ears, but God's truth, slaying but to make alive. "If you wish to know the secret and cause of the de-cline of the power of the pulpit and influence of peachers, you have only to look at the advertised service in Sat-urday evening and Sunday morning papers, and then on Monday morning read the synopsis of the sermons(?) as published, consisting of addresses, lectures, essays, speculations and tirades on all subjects. He is a rare preacher who dares to declare the whole counsel of God to his hearers, as did some of the old-time, ministers. A Moody can still fill the largest house, a Spurgeon had no need or use for stereopticons to fill his tabernacle. Such men as these recognize God, and Spirit, and Christ, and depend upon them in their work. They take in hand the 