172 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Now, in general, I should have more faith in a sanitary regulation, if it came from the doctors, than if, as in this case, it came from the ministers. There was a time when nearly all the sanitary regula-tions came from the ministers instead of the doctors. In those days, even in the large cities, sewers were unknown, and all the filth was thrown into the street; and then the people trusted to charms and priestly incantations, and holy rel-ics, and miracle cures, to deliver them from the pestilence. This, too, was in the time of the Inqui-sition,Š the Dark Ages of ignorance and persecution. I believe also among the Indians to-day, the medicine men are both priest and doctor. This is only another evidence among many, that the Sunday-law movement is a long step back-ward toward ignorance and error, and superstition and savagery. In this in-stance, however, the ministers of Califor-nia made such wonderful advancement into the mysteries of hygienic science, that they discovered that milk sold on the streets after 5 o'clock Sunday morn-ing, was dangerously unsanitary. Again I say, truth does not have to'resort to such subterfuges. The truth will always bear to be openly and fairly stated. But let us examine this " sanitary " ar-gument for Sunday laws. Briefly stated it is as follows : " The physical health of every man and woman demands rest on one day in seven. It is for the good of the St'ate that its citizens should be kept in robust physical condition. Therefore the State may, and must enforce the ob-servance of Sunday rest for civil and san-itary reasons. Admitting the premises for the present, for the sake of argument, let us see if the conclusion follows, "or rather let us see where this logic would lead to if adopted by our Government. It is a demonstrated hygienic fact, that the health of every person requires a bath at least once a week. Must the State, then, enforce by law the taking of a bath once a week upon all its citizens ? and if so, must it send spies into every family, and even into every private bath room to see that the law is obeyed?" The physical health of all persons, demands about nine hours sleep a night. Must the State by law compel every one to retire to sleep at 9 P. M., and remain in bed until 6 A. M.? It is evident that when the State once commits itself to the care of , the physical health of its citizens there is no stopping this side of the " paternal government " of the past. The difference between the the-ory of such.governments and our American theory of government, is just the differ-ence between slavery and liberty. The dif-ference between the kind of people raised under such laws, and those raised under our free institutions, is .the difference be-tween children and men. There are many cases recorded of sud-den death, caused by, n, fit of anger, and  it is well proven that all true religion is conducive to good health, and all evil and unrestrained passion tends directly in the other direction; so the government that takes upon itself the guardianship of the physical health of its citizens, might, reasoning thus, establish religion, and bring back the, Inquisition at once. They might do this, and claim they did it all for civil and sanitary reasons, just as the Sunday-law advocates do. Thus it is seen that even admitting their premises, their conclusion does not follow. But the premises are unproven assump-tions. It is not true that every 'person, whatever his age or occupation, needs just one day's rest in seven for his phys-ical health. Some need much more, and some have such light work and such ro-bust health that they can do with much less. Thus the whole civil or sanitary Sunday law argument, is based on false reasoning from a false premise. G. E. FIFIELD. The National Reform Idea an Absurdity. DR. DAVID MC ALLISTER seems to think that religion depends upon the statutes of States and the edicts of empires. In this, he joins in opinion- with the most rabid of atheists and anarchists who, constantly charge religionists with being the 'dupes of power exercised through State au-thority. The Emperor Constantine made Chris-tianity the religion of the Roman Empire, and to this fact, many unbelievers in Christianity attribute its extraordinary growth. The very opposite of this is more probably the truth. Gibbon shows very plainly that Constantine himself, vacil-lated between Christianity and the old State religion of Rome almost to the end of his days, just as politicians, seeking sup-port from contending factions now do, when doubtful as to which party is most likely to prevail. It is often a fine stroke of political policy, for an aspirant for power and fame, to espouse what out-wardly appears to be the weaker party in a State, and thus connect his name with its rise, and growth into full power and control. The statesman who has the shrewdness to fall in with the rising tide of public sentiment, at the proper mo-ment, is sure to reap power and emolu-ments in the end. Primitive Christianity was the religion of the poor' fishermen of Galilee; and while their hearts were -warmed, their hopes inspired, and their enthusiasm en-kindled by it, it was laughed about and scoffed' at, by the Scribes, the Pharisees, and the fashionable:people of-the time. In Rome, Christianity took root among the workingmenŠthe poor and 'the lowly, in the citiesŠas radical reforms generally do. And its methods were so quiet, and its early adherents so peaceful, that, to use the words of Gibbon, it " gently insin- uated itself into the minds of men, grew up in silence and obscurity, derived new vigor from opposition, and finally erected the banner of the cross on the ruins of the capitol:" In its primitive purity, Christianity had no use for the State as a means of propa-ganda. It grew and spread through the cities in spite of the State, and State relig-ions, which, sooner or later, were always found to be its deadly enemies. Why should the aid of the politician be invoked, to strengthen and support a movement having for its object the re-form of public opinion, while his object as a general rule, is to quietly float with popular opinion as it is ? Convince him that you have the votes to carry him along, and he is with you. Fail to do this, and he is in your way. No religion ever remained pure and true to humanity, that sought to carry foward its propaganda by means of polit-ical strategem, political power, and polit-ical spoils. The idea that the State can make itself moral, by the formula of " Be it enacted," is to invoke from the masses of the people, a moral force which, by hypothesis, does not exist among them; and it is as absurd, under our theory of popular government, as the attempt of a man to lift himself by the straps of his boots. First plant the moral force in the hearts and minds of the massesŠget them in love with the true, the beautiful, and the good; let them come to hate inequality of rights, and despise slavery in all its myr-iad forms; let them see the beauty of truth and the economy of righteousness; and there will be no occasion for wrang-ling as to what religion the " State " should believe in. The truth is, the State, as such, does not and cannot believe in anything. A law book cannot think or feel, and can neither do right nor wrong. When a king is imagined to be the State, it might be presumed to have a moral char-acter, or more probably, an immoral char-acter. But when the State becomes the concrete result of the conflicting opinions and passions of sixty-five millions of peopleŠa mere compromise, reflecting the opinions of no one individual,Šit cannot be said to have a moral character, or a religious belief. The Rev. R. M. Somerville evidently is not satisfied with the proposition to simply print the name, of God in the Con-stitution. He wants Christ recognized as a politician also, to the extent of having his name mixed up with the names of the lawyers that figure so largely in our old musty law books. It is the old antiquated notion of religious things instead of relig-ious men. Make the things sacred in order that they may make us pious! Does it not smack of image worship and idola-try? When will the Church learn that moral 