68 THE:, ,AIVI-RICAN: And so instances might be multiplied indefi-nitely in which the most harmless and inof-fensive conduct has a tendency to annoy others. If the language of the ordinance de-fines a criminal offense, it sets - a Very severe penalty of liberty and 'property upon conduct lacking in the essential element of criminal-ity. "'But it.May be said, that courts and juries will not use the instrumentality of this lan-guage to.  Set the seal of condemnation on un-offending citizens, and to unjustly deprive them of their lileerty and brand them as criminals. The law countenances no such dangerous doctrine, countenances no princi-ple so subversive of liberty as that the life or liberty of a subject should be made to de-pend upon the whim or caprice of judge or jury; by exercising a discretion in determin-ing that certain conduct does or does not come within the inhibition of a criminal ac-tion. The law should.be engraved so plainly and distinctly on the legislative tablets that it can be discerned alike by all subjects of the commonwealth, whether judge upon the bench, juror in the box, or prisoner at the bar. Any condition of the law which 'allows the test of criminality to depend . on the whim or caprice of judge or juror savors of tyranny. The language employed is broad enough to cover conduct which is clearly within the constitutional rights of the citizen. It designates no border-line which divides the criminal from the non-criminal conduct. Its terms are too vague and uncertain to lay down. a rule of conduct. In my judgment the portion of the ordinance here involved is uncertain and unreasonable."? This decision applies with full force to Senator Blair's proposed National Sunday law. Under that law all that would be nec-essary to subject any person to a criminal prosecution, would be for him to engage'in any sort of play, or game, or amusement, or rec-reation, on Sunday, because there are many of those rigid National Reformers who would be very much ." disturbed" by any such amusement or recreationr  however innocent it might be in itself. And it is left entirely to the whim or the caprice of the "disturbed" one, or of theŁ judge or jury, to say whether the action. has really disturbed him or not. The California decision' is, ithat such a statute "sets a very severe penalty of liberty and property upon conduct lacking in the essential element of criminality." California courts "countenance no such dangerous doe-trine, countenance no principle so subversive of liberty," Or which so "savors of tyranny." Ł It is very,  likely that should Senator Blair's bill be enacted into a law, the; United States courts would decide in the, same way as did the Superior ŁCourt of California. But it is an exceedingly ominous sign, and one most ; startling in the danger 'which it diSplayS, when a bill which so "savors of tyranny.," and which embodies a principle. so  "subversive,.ofI  liberty," can be introduced into the National Legislature, can be received and reported Ł, ' favorably, can pass two readings, can be 8pr,ead. broadcast throughout the land, and only one single voiceŠthat of the AMERICAN SENTINELŠbe raised against it. Ł theAmerican people have so long enjoyed the liberty, which has been justly their boast, that they seem, from appearances, to think that now they can lie down safely and hiber- nate undisturbed for all time to come. We wonder what can ever awaken them. "Eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty;" but "corrupted freemen are the worst' of slaves." A. T. J. o Ł 13ad Institutions and .Good Men. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. has often called at-tention to the rapid spread of National Reform ideas, while the great majority of those who love real liberty seem to be asleep. The Na-tional Reform Association itself is a compara-tively insignificant affair, and if the issue de-pended on its efforts alone, there would not be much to fear. Its organs, the Christian Statesman and the Christian Nation, have long ago ceased to publish distinctively National Reform articles, and seem to exist chiefly in order that the association's "secretaries," who sacrifice themselves in the cause of reform for one hundred dollars a. month and expenses, may have a, place in which to tell, of their ex-ploits. But the success of that which is mis-named . National Reform does not depend on their efforts. There is just one thing that this so-called National Reform really stands for, and, that is the passage and enforcement of strict Sunday laws, and for this many are working who are not known as National Re-formers. As an example of how the' great object of the National Reform Association is gaining ground, take the Blair Sunday Bill. By re-quest . of certain influential persons in the church, Senator Blair introduced the bill, and it passed its second reading in the Senate al-most before it had been heard of by anybody outside of the "ring" which had started it. Then the Rev. Dr. Crafts devoted his whole attention to it, and has already succeeded in working up large petitions in favor of it. He has got the churches, the Sunday-school Asso-ciations, and many trades-unions and Knights of Labor clubs to take hold of the matter, so that when the bill comes to its final passage, the legislators will be .confronted with docu-ments setting forth that the people of the , country are almost unanimous in desiring the measure. But besides all this, there is .the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, which is now married, as the Statesman claims, to the National Reform Association. A more correot statement would be that the Woman's:Chris-tian Temperance Union has adopted the Na-tional Reform Association, and is nursing. its principles into stalwart prorrtions. Which-ever  way it is put, however, the fact remains that the Woman's Christian TemperanceUnion, with its vast influence, is wholly committed to' theprinjciPles of the National Reform Associa-tion, and 1892 is set as the date for its triumph. Judging from.the vast host of names of men and women both, dead and alive that are arŠrayed in favor of the movement, we cannot see much presumption in the claim that it' Will succeed' in' four years. Think of it, you who have recently celebrated' another anni-versary of our country's independence, and are swelling with pride at the thought that this is the freest country on earthŠonly four  years to elapse before liberty in this country will be dead ! only four years until laws shall be passed which will inaugurate a system of espionage upon those who think differently from the majority, and who have the courage of their convictions, which will be worse than any that ever existed in Russia! Is it a pleasant prospect ? If not, what are you go-ing to do about it ? Do you say that if it is going to come it will come, and that, you will not let it swerve you from the right when it does come? That will not do; for if through your indifference any who might have been warned of the danger, and put on their guard, are taken unawares and overcome by the speciousness or the force of the op-pressor, their blood will be upon your head. It is time for somebody to be awake, for there is just before us a struggle between right and wrong such as the world has never yet seen. It will be a struggle between error intrenched in law, and having the cloak of righteousness, and truth under ban of law, and covered with reproach and stigmatized as blasphemy. He who stands firm for truth at that time will need much of the grace of God. There will yet be greater need for the martyr spirit than ever before in the history of the world. Right here, however, we are met with the charge of inconsistency. "How can it be possible," it is asked, "that such evils should result from a movement that is in the hands of so many good people." Our friends of the opposition tell us that the very arguments which we bring forward to show the strength of the National Reform movement, are strong arguments to show its righteousness. Indeed, it often puzzles many people who are really opposed to the principles of the association, to know how any harm can come from any-thing which is introduced by the good folks of the churches and the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union. We Will ex-plain by a brief reference to the history of the past. And we will quote first, as a text, a passage from the Bibliotheca Sacra, of May, 1844, written by Rev. Ralph Emerson, D. D., at that time Professor of Ecclesiastical His-tory in Andover Theological Seminary. It is this :Š "Few things can be so pernicious to the church as a general belief that no very bad measure was ever introduced by good men or with a great and good purpose. Then will they look at the character of the men, and at the object proposed, instead of scrutinizing the means by which it is to be effected; and the work is done before its character is sus-pected.. Nearly all the bad institutions in the churchŠjesuitism among the restŠhave been by apparently good men, and for a pro-fessedly good purpose." This is a point that is given too little atten-tion. When we portray the essential wicked-ness of the National Reform movement, we do not impugn the character nor the motives of its abettors. We are convinced that many of them are conscientious men; but we never yet saw a good man who could not make a mistake, nor one whose advocacy of a bad institution could make that institution good. We will take, for example, the system of slavery as it existed years ago in this country. 