84 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. fore it is .a most curiously interesting problem to know just how that " from this point of view the State is equally preserved from religious indifference and from religious intolerance"? ! And further, if this rule be such a safe preserv-ative, how happens it that of all the States that have been on this earth, that have acted upon the Professor's theory, not one has been preserved from religious intolerance? The fact is, that under this theory, preserva-tion from religious intolerance is impossible. The impossibility is inherent in the theory. Of this no better proof is needed than is fur-nished in President Seelye's own words. He says, " To the individual person the sole question about a religion is whether it is true;" this is very properly said as to the individual, but to the State, whether a religion is true or not does not enter into the case. With the State the sole question concerning a religion is, Can it be used ? Is it politic to adopt it? This at once sets the mere policy of the State against the conscience of the individual, and this too upon the very point, and the only point, where con-science or principle is or can be involved. With the State the question is not one of conscience nor of principle, but of policy solely; while with the individual the question is solely one of con- science, and of principle. And when the State goes about to set itself thus against the individ-ual upon a question, about the truth of which it is not to inquire at all but which is to be the sole inquiry of the individual, then says Mr. Seelye:Š " What faith shall be employed, and in what way, are points respecting which wise states-manship will direct, as it does in other matters, and wise statesmanship will keep in view here as elsewhere the maxim, the lath cares not for the few. And then, as though to prevent all possibil-ity of a misunderstanding of his doctrine, he adds:Š " If the conscience of the subjects approve, well; if not, the State will be cautious, but courageous also; and if it is wise, it will not falter." Was ever persecution or oppression for con-science' sake more plainly argued or more coolly stated ? But there is no better way of putting a theory to the test than to see it in actual prac-tice, and this theory is now in practice in Tur-key; not to the perfection, however, that it would be in this country if the National Re-form party should succeed; but all it lacks is the energy of the officials whose duty it is to enforce the law. In the New York Independ-ent of September 2, 1886, is a clear account of the " Turkish policy toward the Christian schools" in which we find the following practical illus-tration of Professor Seelye's theory:Š " It has enforced upon its Christian subjects the tax for the support of public schools, and it has opened a great number of primary and high schools for Moslems in all parts of the empire. But it has not opened a single school for Chris-tians as provided by the law, so that the funds raised from the Christians, by taxation, go to the support of the Moslem schools of the em-pire. If a Christian wishes to send his children to one of the Government primary schools, he finds that the course of study consists mainly 9f the Koran and the biography of Mohammed;  or, in ease of a high school, he finds in addi-tion to these some elementary sciences and a little history, carefully emasculated to avoid any impression on the mind of the pupil, that there is or can be any country in the world so glorious, or so peaceful and generally happy, as the empire of Turkey. He finds also that his children must give up the study of their own native language, and must be content to study Turkish and Arabic. If, with these drawbacks, he still wishes to profit by the schools which are supported by his taxes, he finds that, ex-cept in two or three of the largest cities, no Christian will be allowed to study in a Moslem primary or high school, because the Moslems feel that it is wrong for infidels to read so holy a work as the Koran, which is the chief text-book in these schools." Now we should like for President Seelye, in accordance with his theory, to point out any wrong in this action of the Government of Tur-key. In the Government of Turkey the Koran embodies the religion which it has settled as the one which " is adapted to the end at which the State is aiming." The Christians are taxed for the support and propagation of that relig-ion. And if children of the Christian are to receive any benefit from the taxes which be is forced to pay, they must receive it from the Koran in the schools where the Koran and its religion is taught. Now the conscience of no Christian subject, there nor anywhere else, will approve of such a system in Turkey thus en-forced upon Christians. But the State of Tur- key is "courageous," it does not "falter," and therefore upon Mr. Seelye's theory it must be "wise." If the few Christians there, or any-where in behalf of those who are there, lift up their voices against this practice, then the Turk- ish Government may say in Mr. Seelye's owli words, " We keep in view here the maxim, d' minimis non carat lex." And what reply can be made by Mr. Seelye or those who favor the National Reform movement in this country ? Now, if this theory is wrong in Turkey, how can it be right in the United States? But the practical working of this theory is precisely what the National Reform party is aiming to establish in this country. Are the Americans ready for it? To what is this country coming when such monstrous doctrines are so plainly avowed by such men as Professor Seelye ? Is America ready to copy after the " unspeakable Turk "? A. T. J. American Romanism. THE Catholic Mirror of September 18 con-tains a letter from Cardinal Gibbons, in which he announces to the clergy that Pope Leo XIII. has formulated certain prayers which are henceforth to be " said " after every Low Mass, instead of those now in use. These prayers are to be "said kneeling in all the churches of the world after the celebration of Low Mass." Such is the order of the Pope. We do not know the nature of the prayers that are now declared to be out of date, nor why it is that they have lost their efficacy; but we have the text of the prayers which are now declared to be official, and we will favor our readers with them. The first is as follows:Š " 0 God, our refuge and our strength, gra-ciously look upon thy people who cry to thee; and through the intercession of the glori- ous and Immaculate Virgin Mary, Mother of God, of Blessed Joseph, her Spouse, and of thy holy Apostles, Peter and Paul, and . all the saints, in thy mercy and kindness hear the prayers which we pour forth for the conversion of sinners, and for the freedom and exaltation of Holy Mother the Church. Through Christ our Lord. Amen." The reader will notice that in this prayer Christ is not altogether ignored. After " the faithful " have implored the intercession of Mary, Joseph, Peter, and Paul, " and all the saints," they are permitted to close with a reference to the name of Christ. It requires no great discernment to see that among Catholics the name of Christ is not considered to be " above every name." The second prayer is as follows:Š " Holy Michael, the Archangel, defend us in the battle; be our protection against the wicked-ness and snares of the devil. Rebuke him, 0 God, we suppliantly beseech thee; and do thou, 0 Prince of the heavenly host, by the divine power drive into hell Satan and the other evil spirits who wander through the world seeking the ruin of souls. Amen." Among the " other evil spirits " who are thus charitably consigned to hell are, of course, all those who oppose the Catholic Church; for " the church " regards all souls as ruined, who reject her dogmas and ceremonies. The two prayers, taken together, coming as they do from the Pope himself, afford a fair view of Catholicism at its best. But this is not all. The Cardinal closes with the following an-nouncement:Š " His Holiness Pope Leo XIII. grants to all who recite these prayers, as aforesaid, 300 days' in dulgen ce." Here we have the veritable antichrist itself revealed. The granting of indulgences fitly accompanies the rejection of Christ as sole Mediator. Here we find the Pope promulgat-ing, as a matter of course, the very things which aroused the holy zeal of Luther, and against which the Reformation was directed; yet to-day not one Protestant in ten thousand will give the matter a second thought. Pro-fessed Protestants now regard Catholicism as a " branch " or grand division of the Christian church, and the National Reformers urge the necessity of courting its favor, and even of sub-mitting to repeated rebuffs if in the end they can but secure the alliance of the Catholic Church. When we consider the increased civilized population of the world in the last fbur hundred years, we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that Rome has already more than regained that which she lost by the Reformation. We think we are warranted in drawing the follow-ing conclusions:- 1. The Roman Catholic Church is the same to-day that it was four hundred years ago. The general diffusion of knowledge has caused her to change her tactics, but she still works for the same ends as then, and secures them. What she accomplished then by force she now gains by flattery. But her doctrines and prin- ciples have not changed in the least, and she is just as ready to use force now, when she can, as she was then. 2. Protestantism is now little more than a name. "Protestants" as a class have ceased to "protest." They are content with the 