Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas y efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH 20, 1889. NUMBER 9. TI-2e An2eFical2 e1 ir~el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Rom) ST., NEw YORK; 18 POST Sr., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER,  EDITORS. ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS: J. H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTH, DAN T. JONES PUT down a long mark to the credit of Ar-kansas. Its Legislature has passed a memorial to Congress, asking the defeat of the Blair Sum day-Rest bill. The memorial was passed by a large majority in both Houses. We are glad that Arkansas has done this much toward re-deeming herself from the disgrace of her Sunday-law work of a few years ago. A GENTLEMAN who sympathizes quite strongly with the work of National Reform, writes us that aside from the argumentative part of the SEN-TINEL, it contains nothing but sawdust. Inas-much as the AMERICAN SENTINEL is packed full of argument from beginning to end,Šargument which no National Reformer has yet attempted to refute,Šwe take the statement as proof that it is considered pretty solid. IN the line of the policy of compelling children by law to go to school is the theory of making voting by qualified citizens compulsory. A new idea of this theory in a modified form comes from Kansas City. It is a municipal arrangement, levying a poll-tax, which will be discharged by the act of voting, but collected upon a failure to vote, and the money turned into the school fund. Reformers are getting in their work rapidly of late, and the simplicity of our forms of govern-ment are being packed away in the closets with the other relics.ŠCincinnati Commercial Gazette. THE empire of Japan will undoubtedly soon be Christian. In proof thereof read the follow-ing from the Voice:Š " The imitation of Western civilization by the Japanese has led them to regard Sunday, which in Japan has hitherto been decidedly continental in its character, as a day of rest. This began with the closing of the Government establishments on Sunday. The Tokio citizens followed this example, and the closing spread from city to village, and now on a fine Sunday business is nearly suspended, and the places of popular resort are crowded." Western civilization and commerce have much to do with influencing Eastern nations; doubtless those nations can easily be induced to adopt Sun-day laws as a matter of business policy, and then they will all be Christian nations. How easily the world may be converted in these days. THE Christian Statesman of January 24, 1889, says that Free Masonry always boasts of its "his-torical descent from the Eleusinian mysteries and the sun-worship of ancient times." Will the Statesman kindly inform the public where Sunday laws, which it so much favors, came from, except from the sun-worship of ancient times? Does not the Statesman know that the first Sunday law that ever was, was to enforce the observance of "the venerable day of the sun," and that it was issued by a downright sun-worshiper ? If it does not know this, or does not believe it, will it please tell us what other historical descent Sunday laws have than from the sun-worship of ancient times? Ł Ł Ł IN the California Prohibitionist of February 14 a correspondent writes thus: "I quite agree with you that all issues should be dropped from our party, save one, prohibition. . . . By all means let us steer clear of the Sunday law. It is not popular." This is sensible advice, but it will not be fol-lowed. The first thing that man knows he will be charged with being in league with the brewers and saloon keepers, because he believes in prohi-bition every day in the week, and not merely on Sunday. Sunday-law advocates say that they want a Sunday law so that saloons may be closed on Sunday; if they were real prohibitionists, and would work for prohibition, they would have no need of a Sunday law for such a purpose. The Christian Statesman Speaks Again. THE Christian Statesman of January 10 criti-cises the course of the SENTINEL under the heading, " An Unfair Critic." The SENTINEL does its very best to be fair all the time; we can afford to be fair; and so far as we know, we have never yet taken an unfair advantage in any argument, or in any way. The Statesman says it admires the consistency with which the SENTINEL "follows out its own premises to their uttermost conclusions; " but that it does not admire the SENTINEL'S " disposi-tion to impute wrong motives to its opponents." We do not impute motives; nor do we judge men's motives. We not only follow our own premises to their utmost conlusions, but we follow the prem-ises of the Statesman and the Sunday-law workers, and the workers of religious legislation generally, to their uttermost conclusions also. And when, by logical deduction, following these premises to their inevitable conclusions, we find iniquity in-volved in it all, and expose it, that is neither imputing motives nor judging motives. It is simply reasoning from premises to conclusions. If their premises are sound, they ought not to flinch from the conclusions. As for ourselves, we are perfectly satisfied to be measured by every  conclusion from every premise which we lay down. If the Statesman's premises are correct, its conclusions cannot be wrong. And, therefore, it ought not to flinch, nor complain, nor charge us with imputing wrong motives, when we take its own premises and carry them to their inevita-able conclusion, and then, finding the conclusion to embody the very principles of the Papacy, con-demn the system as wicked. Further : The Statesman says of the SENTI-NEL :Š " It has charged the National Reform Associa-tion with duplicity, with the cherishing of evil purposes which it dares not avow, and with the use of dishonorable means to accomplish the ends it seeks. A case in point is its charge that the Association is in league with the Roman Catholic power in the United States, and favors the designs of the Papacy. One ground of this accusation is the remark made by the corresponding secretary in the Saratoga Conference of 1887, in answer to a question, to the effect that an effort might well be made to find a common ground between the Protestants and the Romanists in relation to the work of education." We do not remember ever to have charged the National Reform Association with the cherishing of evil purposes which it dares not avow. We have found ample employment in exposing and publishing as widely as possible the evil purposes which it does avow. There is no need of in-venting charges of evil purposes which it dares not avow. The evil purposes which it does avow, and upon which it seems to pride itself, are enough, it seems to us, to satisfy any reasonable person for a life-time. It avows its purpose of enforcing upon all in this country "the laws of Christian morality," which is only an attempt to force men to be Christians ; it avows that the civil power "has the right to command the consciences of men ;" it avows its purpose to tolerate only as "lunatics" and " conspirators " all who oppose its aims. These things, with scores of others in the same line, are avowals of the evil purposes which it does cherish. To discuss these things, and to show the evil that is in them, is what the SENTINEL has done; and it has been so fully employed in this that it has not had lime, even if it had the disposition, to invent evil purposes which it might imagine that the association dares not avow. As to the charge of duplicity, we shall here present two extracts from the Christian Statesman itself; and we leave it for the States-man or anybody else to judge what it reveals. In the Saratoga Convention, to which the Statesman refers, the editor of the Statesman, in arguing against the secular program of education, said:Š "It does not satisfy the Roman Catholics, or conciliate them to our school system. Their spe-cial outcry is against the atheistic tendencies of public education, and the exclugon 9f religious 