JULY 27, 1893. A-TVIRIECICAN  235 toward the end which has been accom-plished. They have made large promises, as it has been reported, as to the increased attendance at the Fair which will be brought about by Sunday closing, and have pledged all their influence and their utmost endeavors in the matter of the furtherance of excursions and lower rail-road rates, and the favor of the religious element throughout the country, to give the Fair a great and marvelous success. It may seem a little late for them to promise this, and somewhat as if they were taking advantage of something which was already assured in making such promises; for in spite of all the dif-ficulties under which it has labored, the Fair is already an unquestioned success. It may be, nevertheless, that the contin-uation of Sunday closing throughout the remainder of the period of the Fair will be conditioned somewhat upon how fully the Sunday closers keep their pledges. If toward the close of the Exposition there should be a large demand for Sunday opening, and evidences that the Fair would be largely attended on Sunday, it may again be open. The directory has demonstrated to its own satisfaction, the possibility of ordering the business af-fairs of the Exposition to suit itself, and may now be expected to take such a course as seems to it most advisable and profitable. In this whole matter, the Sunday clos-ing element has gained but a sorry vic-tory; yet, although by no means satis-factory to them, it is beyond their knowl-ledge a victory. As much has been ac-complished as it is likely ever will be accomplishedŠthat is, the Government has been committed to the form of reli-gious legislation. While they have failed most ignominiously of the strict enforce-ment which they desired to obtain, they have gained a technical victory. Their success, no doubt, always, will be in special and particular cases rather than general, and wherever a sweeping observ-ance of religious law is gained, it will be for reasons of policy and financial interest, as in this case. This may well be taken as an evidence of the progress of reli-gious legislation and the course which it will take in the future. It is both a type and a prophecy. W. H. M. Chicago, July 17. The New Anarchists. THE ardent supporters of the "Ameri-can Sabbath " had much to say about the duty of obeying the " law " and the " court," when the decision in regard to " Sunday opening " was in their favor. They declared that those who would at-tempt to disobey or in any way nullify the action of the court, were anarchists and opponents of good government. But no sooner was there a decision of another and a higher court, allowing the gates to be opened, than they showed their insin-cerity and utter contempt for the ruling of the court by denouncing the judge, and proclaiming and urging all to adopt that meanest and most despicable of all weapons, the "boycott." A large congre-gation of this new kind of " anarchists" at Winfield, Kans., June 25, passed a series of resolutions, the last part of the last one calling upon the management of the Fair " to return to Sabbath closing, which is required by commercial honor whatever the decisions or divisions or doing of the courts." By this it may be seen that these great friends of law and order (?) are very loyal to the law and strong supporters of the court, when it harmonizes with their views. But let the court once have the temerity to render a decision inimical to their peculiar interest, as the self-consti-tuted custodians of the Nation's welfare, and they have no more respect for it than they have for the composition of a school-boy. When it is in their favor, it must be re-garded; when opposed, it is to be disre-garded, and others are urged to throw contempt upon it. Thus they are bound to have things their own way " whatever the decisions . . . of the courts." The cry of " anarchy " comes with very poor grace from such persons.ŠAdvent Review and Sabbath Herald. How Some Matters Appear to a Justice of the Supreme Court. AT the late Fourth of July celebration at Woodstock, Conn., Justice Brewer spoke on Individual Liberty. Among other things he said :Š The most noticeable social fact of to-day is that of the combination of capital and the organization of labor. Whatever may be the causes, and what-ever may be the results, good or bad, the fact is beyond dispute that the trend of the two great industrial forces of capital and labor is along the line of consolidation and cooperation. I am not here to decry this tendency. I realize full well that only through this movement are the great material achievements of the day possible; but one thing is clear, and that is, that the penalty which the Nation pays for all its benefits is the growing disposition to sacrifice the individual to the mass, to make the liberty of the one something which may be ruthlessly trampled into the dust, because of some supposed benefit to the many. Notwithstanding the speaker's apparent effort not to appear as an antagonist to labor organizations, he nevertheless told some things in connection with their work which are worthy of attention. The closing statement of the foregoing quota-tion should be specially noticed, in which he declares that there is a " disposition to sacrifice the. individual to the mass, to make the liberty of the one something which may be ruthlessly trampled into the dust, because of some supposed benefit to the many." More truthful words, setting forth the dangers of the present social system, are seldom heard from the platform. But could not the same line of thought on the religious outlook of to-day be also studied with profit ? Is it not true that the same tendencies obtain in matters of religion, to a large extent ? The ready demand for legislation on religious lines whenever Congress or State legislatures meet, is a pointer showing the bent of combined re-ligious effort on certain specified tenets of church belief. The argument, too, ad-vanced in support of the claims made, is the same as that offered by labor combi-nationsŠ" some supposed benefit to the many "Šfor which the majority seem willing to " make the liberty of one some-thing which may be ruthlessly trampled into the dust." This is exactly the present status of the Sunday question before the courts of Ten-nessee and Maryland. The combination of churches agree that the observance of Sunday by the public is necessary to the sustenance of their organization, and they, like other selfish beings, assume to coerce those who do not coincide with the Church theory on the question. This is done, too,  without the least apparent regard to the inconvenience and trouble caused by their ill-advised movements. In this they deny to others what they themselves claim, namely, the right to believe as they will, and freely act their conscientious convic-tions. It is only because they have the power to do it, that these self-assumed guardians of the public conscience attempt to trample in the dust, the liberty of the few " because of some supposed benefit to the many." Where is the difference, then, between the much talked of labor agitators, who seek to bend everything to the advantage of their order, and religious monopolists who assume to control public conscience by legal enactments, even to ruthlessly trampling into the dust the personal lib-erty of a few who may not be in accord with them ? But the defense set up by these people is that wholesome religious restraint by law is good for those thus restrained. But this pretense cannot cover the selfishness which prompts such work. Besides, everybody knows that religious restraint is not good for either party con- cerned. It is but the revival of the sense-less assumption of the old slave-holding theory. The same foolish reasons were advanced in the days of slavery for the maintenance of that pernicious system. Referring to the days of that hateful scheme, Justice Brewer said:Š In the ante-bellum days, we all remember how slavery was defended on account of its benefit to the slave. Support, with ordinary labor in times of health and strength, food and care in days of old age and weakness; again and again it was asserted that he was so much better off than those left to struggle for themselves. Penitently, and with shame, we look back to long tolerance with that argument produced in the mind of the Nation. But is servitude to a single man less of slavery than servitude to an organization. Who can answer affirmatively the ques-tion which closes this quotation ? When the potentates of Europe terrorized whole districts in the Dark Ages by holding the Church of those days to the tenets of faith held by themselves, and that too, under penalty of death, they justified themselves by the same argument used by slave-holders for holding their servants as chat-tels; and we might add, though strange as it may seem, the same exactly is now advanced for the propagation of religious laws in the United States. But this only shows the sure trend of public sentiment; for law is but the reflex of public senti- ment, and can be no stronger than that sentiment. It matters not how much men point to the Constitution of the general common- wealth, and to the organic laws of each State, as guarantees of personal liberty of conscience, so long as the tendency of public sentiment is toward the legal en-forcement of religious dogmas. The words of Justice Brewer in another part of the speech alluded to, are to the point on this :Š You may fill your statutes with all the provisions that the mind of man can conceive of guaranteeing personal liberty; but unless you have back of those statutes a universal public opinion, thundering " Stop !" in the ear of every trespasser upon such liberty,'you may find within the forms of law the most abject personal servitude. Although these words were used more particularly with reference toothe effect of labor strikes, they apply just as forcibly to the religious phase of public sentiment. And just as long as a single person, though the humblest and weakest in all the land, may not freely and fully follow the dictates of conscience in religious du- 