298 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. cised by any of the leading denominations, or by any paper of any of those denomi-nations. We say again that when these churches declare, and admit, Rome to be their mother, and " a beautiful mother " at that, they cannot justly blame us for calling attention to the Scripture descrip-tion of the family. The only things of which the Scriptures declare the Church of Rome to be the mother, are harlots. Therefore whatever church confesses Rome to be its mother, therein confesses itself to be a harlot And the Protestant churches of the United States, by their re-ligio-political workings, are doing their best to make Doctor Shields's apparently representative confession a fact. We recognize and maintain the right of every people who believe alike to organ-ize themselves into a church on whatever order they choose, and to call themselves by whatever name they please; but we utterly deny the right of any church, or all of them together, to use the civil power for any religious purpose whatever. We maintain that any man has as much right to be a Methodist, or a Presbyterian, or a Congregationalist, as any other man has to be a Baptist, an Episcopalian, or a Lutheran; but we deny that any one of these denominations has any right to seize upon the civil power and compel all the others to act as that denomination shall dictate. We deny that all the others have any right to band together and compel any one denomination to conform to the dictates of the many. We maintain that any man in this Nation has just as much right to be a Catholic as any other man has to be a Protestant; but we deny the right of the Catholics to compel any Prot-estant to act as though he were a Cath-olic, as we deny the right of the Protes-tants to compel any Catholic to act as though he were a Protestant. We main- tain that any man has just as much right not to be a Christian as any other man has to be a Christian; but we deny any right in those who are not Christians to compel any man who is a Christian to act as though he were not. And we likewise deny that there is any shadow of right in those who are Christians to compel any man who is not a Christian to act as though he were. Christians have no more right to compel any man to partake of Christian ordinances, or to observe Chris-tian institutions, than those who are not Christians have to compel Christians not to partake of Christian ordinances nor to observe Christian institutions. Let no one misconstrue our statement that any man has as much right to be a Catholic as any other man has to be a Protestant; and any man has as much right not to be a Christian as any other man has to be a Christian. This is not by any means an admission that the man who is not a Christian is as near right as is the Christian, nor that the Catholic is as near right as is the pMc>stant, This  is not a question of moral right, but of civil rights. Of course no man has any moral right to be anything else than per-fect before God; and this perfection can only be attained through faith in Christ. But if any man chooses to despise the riches of God's goodness and grace, and refuses to believe in Christ, no power on earth has any right to call him to ac-count. He is responsible alone to God, and whoever attempts to call him to ac-count for neglect of the word or ordi-nances of God, thereby usurps the prerog-ative of God. And that is how it is that all men have the same equal and inalien-able rights. We are compelled, also, in the interests of truth and right, occasionally to criticise ° the political workings of professed min-isters of the gospel. We have all the re-spect for ministers of the gospel that the Scriptures require men to have; but when professed ministers of the gospel set them-selves up as ministers of the law, both civil and moral, and of politics, then we no longer respect those men as ministers of -the gospel; for such they are not. Christ never sent any man forth as a min ister of the law, either civil or moral, nor of politics; and whenever any professed minister of the gospel sets himself to work by political influence to secure the enact-ment and enforcement of statutes compel-ling religious observances, then he is doing what Christ never sent him to do, and he then ceases to be a minister of Christ or of his gospel. This is the position of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, and because of it many who call themselves Christians are ready to call us Liberals, and do call usthat Ł but we are Christians nevertheless. We are glad, however, to let all men know that there are Christians who are liberal enough to maintain that all other men in-alienably possess all the rights, human, civil, and religious, that Christians pos- sess. A. T. J. Prov. 1 5:2 (last part), Exemplified. A VOTE of thanks should be tendered to Col. Elliott F. Shepard for pushing him-self forward.as an advocate of Sunday ob-servance in all its moods and tenses, for whenever he opens his mouth he injures his own cause. Before the National Columbian Com-mission the doughty Colonel in these words assumed, by way of a variety from that of an interpreter of providences, the prerogative of the prophet. Here is what he said:Š I believe firmly that if the Fair is not closed on Sundays the Lord will put his curse upon the en-terprise and on the Nation. He will send plagues and pestilences as he did in the days of Pharaoh. If, on the contrary, the gates are closed on Sun-days, the Lord will bless the Fair and make it the grandest success possible. You have no idea of the intense feeling of the Christian world on this subject, It i0 with us  tg man, and should we man was arrayed in purple and scarlet color, and decked with gold. and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthi-ness of her fornication." " And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus." Rev. 17 : 2, 4, 6. That is the Lord's description of the Church of Rome; and in the light of history no man can deny the truthfulness of the description. But everybody knows that she never could have committed fornication with the kings of the earth if she had maintained her al-legiance to Christ. She never could have been made drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus, if she had not traded upon her lascivious charms for the control of the civil power, by which she could persecute to the death those who denied the author-ity which she had so adulterously gained. Now the leaders of the Protestant churches of the United States are going in the same way in which the Church leaders of the fourth century went. They are seeking an alliance with the civil power. They are seeking for this alliance for the same purpose, in the same way, and by precisely the same means. And when they shall have secured the alliance and gained the control of the power, the same results will inevitably follow this in our day that followed that of the fourth century. And to make the surety of this success doubly sure, they are seeking an alliance with Rome herself. And when these professed churches of Christ shall have formed their illicit connection with worldly power, they will have thus turned, themselves into a band of harlots com-mitting fornication with the powers of earth, as did their harlot mother before them. And then the inspired description bf Babylon the Great will be complete: " Upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH." Rev. 17:5. Let not the professed Protestant churches blame us for this application of the Scrip- ture. They themselves have acknowl- edged the Church of Rome as their mother, and they need not blame us if we call attention to the Scripture descrip- tion of the family. In the New York Evangelist, of February 9, 1888, Rev. Charles W. Shields, D.D., of Princeton College, in proving that it would never do, in the reunion of Christendom, to for-bid a doctrine of Apostolic Succession, said:Š You would exclude the Roman Catholic Church, the mother of us all, the church of scholars and saints. . . . You would exclude also the Prot-estant Episcopal Church, the beautiful daughter of a beautiful mother. This declaration,, although made in one of the most influential religious papers in the country, has never yet, so far as we have read, been repudiated pr seven criti- 