.:. The Story of .:. Realm stand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. Š PITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit- cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. PUBLIC(ITIONS Oisl THE St11313(1TII QUESTION. The % bitting Sabbath. By A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath " prize essays," one of $500, and one of $1,000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question; 174 pages; price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbalh of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says, what Protestants say. A most convincing document 24 pages; price, 3 cents. "The Christian Sabbath." No. 113 of the Library. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most imp,srtant tract. No. 14 of the Religious Liberty Li-brary; 38 pages; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of tin. Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation ; 550 large octavo pages Ł price, cloth, $2.00; library binding, $2.50 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo CAVEATS, TRADE MARKS, DEMON PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS, ate. For information and free Handbook write to MUNN & CO., 361 BROADWAY, NEW Yons. Oldest bureau for securing patents in America. Every patent taken out by us is brought before the public by a notice given free of charge in the Ocutifie Auttrion Largest circulation of any scientific paper in the world. Splendidly Illustrated, No intelligent man should be without it. Weekly, $3,00 a year;  $1.50 six months. Address, MINN & CO— ruaLisaszis, 361 Broadway, New York City. FEBRUARY 13, 1896. 1101[1I SE:INTUTVIR:11_4. 55 him as their king. If he were put over them by France or Austria or Spain as king he would have to get an army to fight for him to keep them from casting him out. With-draw that hired army and his throne would be overturned immediately. "My kingdom is not of this world," declared Christ. Archbishop Corrigan says " no lapse of time will ever make that right which is against the principles of justice and charity. " That is, it is agaiust justice and charity for the Romans to have a voice in the choice of the man who rules and taxes them ! The archbishop, who is an Irishman, be-lieves in home rule for Ireland, but not for Rome. The people of Rome do not stand as high in his estimation as those of Dublin. He is inconsistent and he is un-American in the position he takes. It is pitiful to see the highest religious dignitary in the greatest city of the mightiest free nation preaching the doctrines of the dark, despotic ages when the common people had no rights which kings and bishops felt bound to respect, and who taught that the people are the subjects of divinely appointed rulers. BIBLE-BURNING IN BRAZIL. [From St. Louis Presbyterian.] BURNING Bibles on the American continent is not often heard of, and it is only among intolerant and bigoted people that such an outrage could be perpetuated. Rev. J. B. Kolb, of Bahia, Brazil, writes to the Church at Home and Abroad of the Roman Catholic Church in that region, in which this incident is related: "In the latter part of June [1895] a colporteur and an assistant reached the interior town of Giboya, in the state of Bahia. They begdn to sell Bibles and Testaments, but was soon met by a man, accompanied by four policemen, who demanded the books, and said that he had orders from the vicar to take them and burn them in the market place. The colporteur inquired who had authority in the place, and was told that all power was in the hands of the vicar, as he was the mayor of the town and district. He went at once to the vicar's house and claimed protection, which was denied him. The vicar reminded him that he was offering false books for sale, and that it was necessary for himself, as the vicar, to protect the rights of his peo-ple, and thereupon ordered the colporteur to leave the house. The vicar also remarked that the man who had taken the books had authority to do with them as he saw fit. Just as the colporteur was leaving the house the same man came up, and in a threatening manner ordered him to go with him and deliver up all his hooks, saying at the same time that if he did not he would take them by force and burn both him and the books together. Under the pressure of this threat the colporteur was obliged to submit to the confiscation of his books, and subsequently forty-seven Bibles, fifty Testaments, and one hundred gospels were saturated with coal-oil and set on fire in the market place. " (For same facts see also Missionary Review of the World for February, 1896, page 3.) " CHRIST OR ARTEMIS " is the title of a new song and chorus which has recently come to our disk. The song was suggested by the illustration of Christ or Diana (Artemis), which appeared in our issue of July 18, 1895. The poetic composition is strong yet tender, and the music is well adopted to the sentiment of the song. Words by Mrs. Dora A. Grant, music by Adolph Leibner. The song is in sheet music form and is for sale by Oliver Ditson Co., Boston, Mass. Price, 40 cents. Large Type For Those with Poor Eyesight We have many inquiries for a Bible of con-venient size to use and carry, and with large clear print. The Bible, specimen type of which is shown below, we think will meet the require-ments of the case. (Specimen of type shows only one column of the Bible. It is a two-column hook like most Bibles, the full size of page being 5,X x 853 in.) Persons desiring such a Bible as The burnt offering EXOD 32 And Aaron and his sons shall eat the flesh of the ram, and the bread that is in the basket, by the door of the tabernacle of the con-gregation. 33 And they " shall eat those things wherewith the atonement Specimen of Small Pica Type  in Bible No. 1730.' this are usually elderly persons, andwartt simply the Scriptures themselves, without helps or refer-ences. This Bible contains a Family Register, Tables of Weights and Measures, and 16 excel-lent Maps, but has no references or other addi-tional matter. It is printed from clear, new, small pica type, and is bound in French Morocco, limp round corners and has gilt edges. S nt postpaid on receipt of price. Order by number. PRIG : No. 1730. French Morocco, Limp Covers, Round cor-ners, Side and Back Title in Gold, Gilt Edges, Postpaid, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co. Ł 43 Bond St., Łew York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 