A-MERICAN SENTINEL. 693 Right All Round. BY FANNIE BOLTON. Now here is a saying I wish to propound, That is worthy of study, and pleasant of sound, A gem of a saying that somebody found, Worth all you will pay for it, pennies or pound,Š A right is a right all around. Right fits on a king that sits high on a throne, Right fits on a peasant who lives all alone, Right fits on the earth, nor will make a soul groan, Right fits in high heaven's ethereal zone; A right is a right all around. When things go to pinching the weak or the strong, There's something got in there that doesn't belong, And it doesn't fit art, and it doesn't fit song, ' And it galls every sorrow, and aggravates wrong; But right is a right all around. Things get into discords, and peace goes away. The work done by Labor has too little pay, And Capital gloats and takes too large a sway, Yet there's only one pattern to follow, men say, And it's right that is right all around. Grim Might takes full presidence over the weak, Forbids them to act, then forbids them to speak, Then thought is encumbered, and men may not seek, Then Might chains itself, when it follows its freak, But a right is a right all around. There is law, falsely called so, to imprison the just, There's a stenchfrom the past with its mold and its must, There's the shades of the martyrs from graves of their dust, And the shriek of the lost for betrayal of trust; But a right is a right all around. Right gives every soul the full right of the soul, Its own marvelous destiny still to control, To follow all holiness on to its goal,Š The right for the one that is right for the whole, The right that is right all around. Right places her feet on the solid old ground, For right is one word, one sweet word I have found That measures up men, earth, and heaven profound, And it's "LOVE," and you know it is pleasant of sound, And it's right that is right all around. The Place of Liberty.* BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. " YET know withal Since thy original lapse, true liberty Is lost." ŠMichael to Adam, "Paradise Lost." To me the word "liberty" has always been precious. ' The writer of this article, or address (as it was originally presented), was asked to take part uponi the program of a literary society and was left to choose his own subject. He naturally chose that in which he was moat interested, and has made a feeble effort to set forth a principle which he feels confident is supported both by the divine word and the record of all human experience. The subject embraces so much that an attempt to cover the ground must necessarily be but an attempt, and the reader will have to be content here with a very brief sketchŠa mere synopsis. But if he desires to read in full, let him turn to history and to the Word. It seems to possess a sweetness, a nobility, and an inspi-ration, that is found in no other. I think there is no heart in which it fails to awaken a response. This senti-ment is confined to no country and to no age. It has been felt by men everywhere, even when they were tyrants themselves. Cicero, the orator of an arrogant and im-perious class, exclaims, "0 Liberty! 0 sound once de-lightful to every Roman ear !" Men have thus shown their desire for that to which they are entitled by divine and inalienable right. Liberty Šfreedom from unjust restraintŠis the right of every in-dividual. No one is so unworthy that he has no claim to it, and no one is so well situated that he can afford to dispense with it. Law, enforced by civil government, has been the means universally employed by men for the protection of their liberties. They have realized to some extent the truth that liberty is not found in lawlessness, but is the result of conformity to just laws. Many and various have been the forms of govern-ment, and but few have appeared to give satisfactionŁ After long and bitter experience the world has decided that the rule of one, or of a privileged few, is incompatible with public liberty. Monarchies and aristocracies are generally regarded as synonyms of oppression. It is now the prevailing opinion of mankind that the representa-tive system of government furnishes the true remedy. A democracy, administered by popular suffrage, combined with a reasonable degree of intelligence on the part of the people, is thought to be the conservator of liberty. No inhabitant of this country, even if he does not entertain such an opinion, has had an opportunity to remain ig-norant of its existence. We have heard of the triumphs of democracy and the glories of free institutions upon every occasion. It is thought that this system anni-hilates despotism and strikes terror into the hearts of tyrants. I wish first to inquire if this position is well taken. Are democracies the guardians of liberty? Do they ac-complish that, in the accomplishment of which all other systems have failed? If such is the case, then we need look no further for the abode of liberty. This system is not an untried one, nor is it one with which history is entirely unacquainted. In order to reach an intelligent conclusion, I shall make a brief examina-tion of the four great democracies of which it speaks,ŠGreece and Rome, the greatest of antiquity, and France and the United States, the two most prominent of modern times . Of the states of Greece, Sparta and Athens are most noted for their free institutions. But we find that their lib-erty was, for the most part, at the mercy of artful and un- principled demagogues of the Alcibiadean type, who cared for nothing but their own elevation. To accomplish this they produced dissensions among the people, or by their eloquent appeals, persuaded them to subjugate and tyr-annize over neighboring peoples. For the same purpose they stirred up a jealousy between these two states, and 