360 THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ Vol. 4, No. 45. TI2e An2e1icar2 ger1tii2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER 4, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. After January 1, 1890, this paper will be published at 43 Bond Street, New York City. Our exchanges, ad-vertisers, and correspondents will please make a note of this fact, and send all papers and direct all cor-respondence, to reach us after December 13', to our new address. THE field secretary of the so-called American Sabbath Union has a new grievance against the friends of the SENTINEL. It is that "they circu-late a petition which gives no hint that it is in the interests of the Saturday Sabbath." And pray why should it give any such hint when it has no more to do with the "Saturday Sabbath" than it has with any other day? Does the worthy secretary discover something in that petition which is not stated upon its face? How in the world can it be in the interests of the "Saturday Sabbath" if it gives no hint of it? Surely Mr. Crafts is getting a little "rattled" because of op-position to his pet scheme for national religious legislation. IN his annual report Governor Thomas, of Utah, says:Š "I do not hesitate to say that any temporizing pol-icy which leaves the church' in a position to control the political policy of the Territory is only delaying the final settlement, and that future legislation should be aimed at the political power of the church, which has been the main pillar of its strength in Utah." Aud political, power will make any church dangerous to a free State. We do not mean by this that Christians can take no part in the af-fairs of government, or that men should not act conscientiously in political matters, but simply that churches and ministers have no right to meddle with politics as churches and ministers. An intriguing, wire-pulling, scheming, political church of any great numerical strength is a curse to any country. SOME time since the Los Angeles Tribune, in giving some report of a sermon by Rev. S. J. Carroll, said : " In speaking of a national Sun-day law he maintained that the mixture of religion and government had resulted in evil from the time of Constantine down to the Puri-tans." We thought the sentiment good and quoted it, but along comes the California Chris-tian Advocate with a protest, and an explanation that Mr. Carroll didn't say it, or didn't mean it if he did. It says:Š "The truth is that Mr. Carroll incidentally made a remark to the effect that he was opposed to any union of Church and State, but he very urgently plead in the same sermon for the American National Sunday, and he strongly pleaded for the right of every laboring man to one undisturbed Sunday, protected by law both from the greed that would drive him to toil and the desecration and tumult of excursions, picnics, base-ball, etc." Well, Mr. Carroll has then just what he wants. There is now no law in any State in this Union to compel any man to work on Sunday if he doesn't want to, and as for excursions and base-ball, he need not so much as see either of them. If he don't go on the excursions they need not trouble him, and ,if he don't go to the ball- grounds, and don't read the base-ball news the next morning, he need not so much as know that people are playing ball on Sunday. If Mr. Carroll is really opposed to Church and State he cannot afford to favor Sunday legislation, for in it are the seeds of such union. ACCORDING to Ex-Governor Sherman, of Iowa, Sunday laws contributed to the result of the late election in that State. Of course the liquor men are fast to claim that the anti-prohibition senti-ment did it, but after mentioning other causes, the ex-governor is reported to have said :Š " Many liberal-minded American-born citizens voted the Democratic ticket in resentment of their liberties by the enactment of stringent Sunday laws." For the present politicians in Iowa and Ohio will be a little shy of religious legislation, even as they have been in California since 1882, when General Stoneman was elected governor of the State on the anti-Sunday-law issue. NOTWITHSTANDING representations to the con-trary, the AMERICAN SENTINEL is strictly non-partisan and non-sectarian. Its object and prin-ciples are clearly set forth in the prospectus printed at the foot of this page, and it has never turned aside either to set forth the religious opinions of its editors or to attack the opinions of others, far-ther than has been necessary in defending the Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, against the attacks of those who are seeking to have it changed in the interests of their sectarian schemes. The editors of the SENTINEL have decided opinions upon all religious questions, but that fact does not make the paper a denomi-national organ, as everybody of intelligence who is acquainted with the paper knows, and every fair-minded man who has read it must admit. Rep-resentations to the contrary are falsehoods set afloat for the purpose of exciting prejudice by those who find themselves unable to answer the SENTINEL'S arguments. IN an impassioned plea for a Sunday law a correspondent of the Riverside, Cal., Press says: " No human Sabbath legislation deals with a citi-zen's private life. Until he does that which inter-feres with the comfort, peace, happiness, or prosperity of another, no human hand can touch him." Let us examine this statement a little and see what it is worth. We happen to have before us reports of over twenty cases of Sunday-law prose-cutions and convictions in Arkansas, and in almost every case the only offense committed was doing some quiet work, such as plowing in a field, digging a few potatoes for dinner, hoeing in the garden, painting a building, gathering peaches, etc., etc. Possibly these things do not belong to private life, but if they don't we would like to know what does. Only recently the papers have reported similar cases from Georgia and Tennessee. In the former State one man was fined $25 and costs, amount- ing in all to $46, for cutting some stove-wood on Sunday ; while another man was sent to the chain-gang for a year, for digging a ditch on Sunday to drain the water out of his cellar. In this case a so-called minister of the gospel was the complaining witness. Only a few months ago a man in Massachusetts was arrested and fined for hauling a load of hay on Sunday to save it from a threatened rain. These are only a few of many cases, not properly of prosecution for violation of law, but  of persecution for conscience' sake, for the real offense of most of these men was not in working on Sunday (for others in the same neighborhood who work habitually on that day were not mo-lested), but in not working upon the preceding day. They were, with two or three exceptions, Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Advent-ists, and their real offense was daring to differ from their neighbors in faith and practice. And yet of a law which makes such things possible, the correspondent of the Press before referred to says, "It is not a religious ordinance,' but a civil one, inasmuch as it deals alone with the civil Sabbath or 'rest-day.' " We are sick and tired of such twaddle. When shall we hear the last of it? WE learn from the Oakland Times that Rev. N. R. Johnston, of this city, together with Rev. Dr. Briggs, of Pacific Grove, and Rev. A. Calhoun, of San Jose, have been appointed a committee of the American Sabbath Union to organize local and auxiliary unions for the revival and enforce-ment of Sunday legislation. Mr. Johnston an-nounces that he will "answer calls for service in public Sabbath-law meetings, or to preach on the Sabbath question." A personal acquaintance with one of these gen-tlemen, Mr. Johnston, justifies us in expressing the opinion that no better man could have been selected as a member of this committee. Though socially a very estimable man, this gentleman is a thorough National Reformer, with all that the term implies. Though exceedingly mild and gentle in private conversation, he is so biased by his religion, inherited from the Covenanters, that he can see no reason wliy if a theocracy was good for the Jews it would not be equally good for us; nor why if it was right anciently to put men to death for Sabbath-breaking, it would not be the proper thing to do now. In short, Mr. Johnston cannot see the difference between a divinely es-tablished theocracy, administered by inspired men, and a man-made theocracy, so called, ad-ministered by uninspired, and too often narrow and bigoted, or even evil and designing, men. It is certainly fit that he should be a member of this committee. THE story has been telegraphed from New York and published in some of the daily papers, that Col. Elliott F. Shepard, of the New York Mail and Express, offered some years ago to bribe the sultan of Turkey for $1,000,000 to turn Chris-tian. The story is scarcely credible, and yet the idea is no more absurd than is the National-Re-form-American-Sabbath-Union scheme of making men moral and the country Christian by civil law. Ł WE have received from A. L. Anthony, Yount-ville, Cal., a copy of "The Ideal," one of the most complete pocket memorandum books' and business guides which we have ever seen. "The Ideal" is accurately described in an advertise-ment on the seventh page of this paper. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and ‚' the Maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncomproinisinglyppposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Singe Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond St., NEW YORK. 