772 AMERICAN SEN TINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 8, 1898. READ carefully the article, "A Rev-olutionary Proceedure," p. 758. IT is in order now for some one to suggest an appropriate name for the new "world power" which has taken Spain's colonies in the West Indies and the far East, and Hawaii. "The United States of America" is now an outgrown designation. A new title for the chief executive will also be in place. THE United States Government gives to Spain $20,000,000 for the Philippine group of islands, with all that is on them. For this sum, be-sides the land and its naturalwealth, -eight million human beings have been transferred from the rule of Spain to that of the United States, with as much deference to their own wish in the matter as if they had been "the cattle upon a thousand hills." Yet it had been supposed that the days of buying and selling beings made in the image of God, under the author-ity of the United States of America, had forever passed away. THE effort to force Sunday observ-ance upon the seventh-day people and others of Ford's Store, Md., ap-pears to be growing in intensity and bitterness. The intolerant ones now say that they will petition the next legislature to enact a law by which .people who are religiously opposed to the dogma that Sunday is the Christian Sabbath, and refuse to ob-serve it as such, will be sent to the workhouse, there to work out the amount of their fines and costs at hard labor. Another incident which illustrates the spirit that is behind this effort to maintain the "sanctity of the Chris-tian Sabbath," is that Mr. Neal, whose trial and conviction for Sun-day work we have already noted, was not tried under the Sunday law, but under a law for regulating the tsale of goods, he being a storekeeper.  Under this law a heavier penalty could be secured than under the Sun-day law, his fine amounting to twenty dollars, while the maximum fine under the Sunday law, for the first offense, is but five dollars. Mr. Neal's offense was that of selling goods on Sunday, and his prosecut-ors found some means of convicting him under this law which provided the heavier penalty. His fine, how-ever, was paid by some one whose identity remains unknown; conse-quently Mr. Neal was released. WHETHER the church in Cuba, or the Philippines, or anywhere else, pros-pers or goes down, is not a ques-tion with which the United States Government, or any government, has rightfully any concern. Whether or not it would be for the benefit of the Cubans to maintain the Catholic Church in the island, is a religious question, depending altogether upon the truth or falsity of religious doc-trine; and when the Government un-dertakes to uphold the church in Cuba it assumes as true that which can be demonstrated as true or false only by the divine Spirit of truths It has no shadow of right to meddle in such matters. It has no business what-ever to consult with Catholic church officials, or any other church offi-cials, concerning the affairs of the Catholic or any other church in Cuba or the Philippines, or anywhere else. The maintenance of a church is purely a church affair, and the Gov-ernment is undertaking to do in Cuba that which devolves upon the Catholic Church alone. What busi-ness has it to make itself the servant of the Catholic Church? What busi-ness has it to compel Protestants to support the Catholic Church in Cuba, by taxing them for its maintenance, under the plea of a "temporary loan"? Reader, what do you think of these things? NEWS from France is of the gravest character, the republic is liable at any time to be swept away by the military power. The London Spec-tator, of December 3, declared, "It is  our sincere belief that a great event is immediately at hand in France." And the French premier, M. Dupuy, is quoted thus: "We have been living for twenty-eight years upon a pious misunderstanding, and it is surpris-ing that it can have lasted so long. We have placed side by side an army and a democracy. Now it is only too true that these two institutions have as their foundation contradic-tory principles." The acuteness .of the present situation lies in the fact that the military, under the lead of General Zurlin den, is determined that Colonel Picquart, under arrest for complicity in the Dreyfus affair, shall be tried by court-martial December 12, and the Government wishes to postpone the trial but does not dare to do so. MR. W. T. STEAD, the well-known English journalist, has been making a general tour of Europe, and tells what he found the general sentiment of Europe to be with reference to the new American policy of "expansion." He says:Š "Outside of England I have not met a single non-American who was not opposed to the expansion of America. Nor through my whole tour of Europe have I met a Euro-pean who did not receive the protes-tations of the genuine sincerity with whiCh the Americans entered upon the war with more or less mock in-credulity." And, adds the Times-Herald (Chi-cago), which published the above, "Mr. Stead reports that the bitterest hostility of all was found at the Vat-ican." That the Vatican should be hostile to the policy of despoilingthe most faithful Catholic nation 'of her colonies, is altogether natural, and taken in connection with Mr. Stead's positive affirmation, may be re-garded as conclusive evidence of the fact, notwithstanding representa-tions made by Catholic authorities in this country. Ind now that Amer-ican government is being extended to Catholic lands, Rome will work with redoubled energy to remodel that government upon the principles of the papal church. 