302 ELI C.46,ANT IN-11H_AL4. VOL. 9, No. 38. stands in the place of the Son of God, is to adthit that he exercises the authority and power of the Son of God. But the" Bible says, " The dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority." Rev. 13:2. The Scripture also says that the dragon is the devil. Rev. 12: 9. It is therefore true that all the power which the papacy possesses came directly from the . devil. The power of the Catholic Church is the power of the devil, and not the power of God. And those who ob-serve Sunday, knowing its origin and au- thority, thereby assert, though it be un-wittingly, that the power of the devil is the power of God. Of the second beast of Rev. 13, which represents the United States of America, it is said, that " he exerciseth all the power of the east beast before him." Then this nation will exercise the power of the devil, too, will it not ? This power is to be ex-ercised in influencing and compelling the people to worship the papacy and its image. Rev. 13:12-15. And they are to worship the papacy by receiving its mark, the papal Sunday. *Verses 16, 17. Cath-olics are pleased with the prospect. They say :Š The observance of Sunday by Protestants is an homage [worship] they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the [Catholic] church.ŠPlain Talk for Protestants, p. 218. Again The church changed the Sabbath to Sunday, and all the world bows down and worships upon that day in silent obedience to the mandates of the Catholic Church.ŠFrom, a lecture by Father Enright, 1884. This quotation agrees pretty well with Rev, 13 : 8 : "And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life." All except God's people will assert that the power of the papacy, which changed the Sabbath, is the power of God. When the Pharisees called the power of God the power of the devil, they were charged with blasphemy. Are not men guilty of the same offense when they assert that the power of the devil, exercised by the Cath-olic Church, is the power of God ? And is not that equivalent to saying that the devil is God, and that his worship is the worship of God ? A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Ł.  Ł  The Facts in the Case. OUR attention has recently been called to a statement made in these columns September 14, 1893, to the effect that "the Methodist, the Episcopalian, the Congre-gationalist, and the Baptist churches " had " all refused to take any more" money from the Government for the support of their Indian schools. The statement is made that " the Baptists never received any public money for Indian schools, or for any other purpose, and could not, therefore, have refused to take any more." As soon as our statement that the Bap-tists had refused to accept further State aid was challenged, we began to make inquiries to learn the exact truth of the matter. To this end we asked Mr. Allen Moon, president of the International Reli-gious Liberty Association, a resident of Washington, to ascertain the facts for us. He subsequently wrote thus, under date o f September 11:Š I have spent considerable time at the office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and have looked up the record of the Indian Contract Schools as far back as 1887, and there is no record of any Baptist school in the United States having received any money from  the Government, while the Catholics, Episcopalians, Lutherans, Methodists, Presbyterians, Mennonites, Quakers, and others have had such appropriations from the Government. I am inclined to think your statement is a mistake, so far as the Baptists are con-cerned; but you need not make any retraction on this authority. The commissioner has set a clerk to look the matter up, as far back as the contract schools have been in existence, and will give me a statement, in writing, in .a few days that will be reliable. The Baptist people have several Indian schools, but they are and ever have been supported by that denom-ination without Government aid. It was not until the year 1890 that some of the Protestant churches began to refuse Government ap-propriations for Indian schools. September 1.4, we received from Mr. Moon the following letter, containing the definite information :Š Department of the Interior, Office of Indian Affairs, Washington, Sept. 12, 1894. ALLEN MooN, President International Religious Liberty Ass'n, 728, 9th Street, N. E., Washington, D. C. Sir :ŠReferring to our conversation of 11th instant, relative to contracts, for the education of Indian chil-dren, with the Baptist Church, you are informed that I find records of contracts from the year 1879 to 1884, between this office and Henry L. Morehouse, of New York City, Secretary of the American Baptist Home Missionary Society, for the Freedmen of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, in the Indian Territory, as follows :Š In 1879, 6 day schools at $875.00 for six months. In 1882, 1 boarding school and 8 day schools at $2, 250.00. In 1883, 1 boarding and 8 day schools at $2,750.00. In 1884, 4 day schools at $700.00, and again in the same year for 6 schools at $1,500.00. Very respectfully, FRANK C. ARMSTRONG, Asst. Commissioner. We are sorry that the Baptists have not been able to show themselves clear in this matter. If all Protestants had consist-ently held themselves aloof from all such compromising partnerships with the State, Rome would not now be feeding at the public crib and complacently asking, What are you going to do about it? Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] A Methodist Camp Meeting. LANCASTER CAMP GROUNDS, August 13. ŠAs the skirmish is to the general en-gagement, so the work of last week has simply been a 'feeler " to the great battle that will be waged this week. To-day every Christian member of this camp is hustling and making ready for the fight that is before him. Everybody that heard Rev. N. H. Lath-rop at the 10 A. M. meeting at the audito-rium, pronounced it one of the most re-freshing showers of gospel rainfall that we have had. His theme was the millen-nium and in his version of the great revel-ation of St. John, the divine opened up new thoughts and new studies in this old field that will last longer than the camp meeting of 1894. In talking of the improvement and dif-ference of worship of the old Romans and that of the Roman Church of to-day, he said : " God bless the Catholic Church of to-day," and further said, " I believe that the time will come when the Catholic Church will wheel into the same line with the Protestant churches." He strongly commended the action of Bishop Watter-son in taking his manly and Christian stand in the temperance cause, and said:  " God bless Bishop Watterson ! " A hearty amen came from the lips and hearts of more than one hundred ministers and multiplied hundreds of listeners.Š Ohio State Journal, August 14. Want Saloons Closed on Sunday. KANSAS CITY, MO., Sept. 10.ŠAt least a thousand people, representing three law and order leagues and twenty-nine churches, of this city, called at the city hall this afternoon, and, through their spokesman, Thomas Jones, President of the Missouri Christian Endeavor Society, made a demand on the police board to enforce the law relative to the closing of saloons on Sunday. The members of the police board were taken by surprise, but Mayor Davis responded to the demands of the people by promising to have the law enforced.ŠChicago Herald, Sept. 11. To Stop All Business on SCriday. SAGINAW, Mich., Sept. 10.Š Special Telegram.ŠThe Saginaw Liquor Dealers' Association will endeavor to close up all sorts of business places on Sunday next. The saloon-keepers are not allowed to do business on that day, and they propose to see that mo one else does. They will pro-test against the running of the street cars and sale of cigars, newspapers, soda water, etc. The association insisted upon the members keeping their places closed on Sunday, and all complied but three or four. It is proposed to close every place up as tightŁ as a drum. ŠInter- Ocean, Sept. 11. No Business to Be Allowed on Sundays. IoN1A, Mich., Sept. 5.ŠIonia has a law and order league which is alive to the in-terests of Sunday observance, and through its influence the common council at last night's meeting passed an ordinance for-bidding the opening of all places of busi-ness on the first day of the week, after-October 1. It makes it the duty of the marshal to see that the law'is enforced, and empowers him to shut up all places working or doing business, and to arrest such persons with-out due process of law. If such an ordi-nance is enforced, and the marshal declares it his intention to do so, Ionia will be a veritable paradise for lovers of a quiet time.ŠDetroit Free Press, Sept. 7, 1894. A Resolution Denouncing the A. P. A. THE session of the German Roman Cath-olic Central Verein was concluded yeste -day at the school hall of the Most Holy Redeemer, at 222 East Fourth Street. . . . In the afternoon the resolutions of the convention were adopted. The fol-lowing reference was made to the A. P. A. :Š " The fruits of religious hatred and fa-naticism, which of late years the secret societies have brought forth by endeavor-ing, under the mask of patriotism or Americanism, to ostracize Catholics, must spur our Catholic societies to join forces for the purpose of defending and preserv-ing our religious as well as our civil rights. . . . In such societies our men, young and old, will learn, above all, how to face the arrogance, nay, impudence, of resusci-tated Know-Nothingism. Our Catholic societies are by no means political socie-ties; every one of their members is at full liberty to side with either political party, and yet our religious conviction, and solely this, will decide our choice in all 