8 TI--IE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. TI2e diri2eriew? Se0h2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JANUARY, 1887. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the "AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that Ł he will not be ealinci upon-by-the pub-lishers to pay for the same. SECTION VII of the constitution -of Kansas reads as follows:Š "The right to worship God according to the 'dictates of conscience, shall never be infringed; nor shall any person be compelled to attend or to support any form of worship; nor shall Control of, or interference with, the right of conscience be permitted, or any preference be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." Andyet Mn M. A. Gault, speaking with di-rect reference to this section, calls the Kansas constitution a " rickety constitution!' See. Christian_Statesman, October 22, 1885. " SECRETARY " GAULT says:Š "An ungodly world has over frowned con-tempt upon ministers of the gospel who take an active part in-the politics of the day. The devil only asked of the Saviour that he would withdraw from politics and let him manage the governments of the world." Webster defines blasphemous as "wickedly calumnius," and under this definition we think we are just in saying that the above paragraph is blasphemous; for it is false-and libelous, and could have been written by no one except a .."National Reformer," or an avowed infidel. If Mr. Gault has ever read the Bible he must k-new that our Saviour never had anything to do with politics. Re must know also-that the ;devil "tried to draw our Saviour into politics, and -as an inducement offered him "all the kingdoms of the world and the glory-of them," but the offer was rejected with scorn. Yet Mr. Gault is the man who advises SENTINEL writers to study the Bible, and is one of the men to whom, when "-National Reform" shall have succeeded, the courts must look for the interpretation of the Bible. All true Chris-tians shoffid pray to be spared the- sight. Wewould inform Mr. Gault that the Saviour could have entered into politics only at the expense of falling down and worshiping Satan. This proposition is still open to the ministers of Christ, and they cannot mingle in politics without to-a greater or less. extent accepting  it. THE"-Christian Nation puts-the whole thing in a nut-shell, when it says:_ " There seems to us to be a feeling through-out the rank and file of our workers for Na-tional Reform something like this: Secure the respect of men for our cause first, Łand then work as much as possible without losing that respect." It would be impossible to make a clearer or better analysis of the methods of National Reform. The Nation calls upon them to get down from their "loftiness," but we are quite sure that they will not do it. Their movement is essentially of this world, and is dependent solely upon worldly influences, worldly meth- ods, and the political preferences of men am-bitious of worldly power; therefore, the first and last consideration must be to secure the respect of men. For the National Reform workers to get down from such "loftiness" would be the certain destruction of their cause. Wendell Phillips said: "No reform, moral or intellectual, ever came down from the upper classes of society. Each and all came up from the protest of martyr and victim." This very characteristic, and the essential one, of Na-tional Reform, of working exclusively amongst "the upper classes of society," of courting the respect of the " respectable classes," shows that it lacks the element of a true reform. It begins in the wrong place; it uses the wrong methods of true reform. By Mr. Phil-lips' statementŠand it is the truthŠ" Na-tional Reform" is the reverse of true-reform, and_therefore is not reform at all. Our Questions Answered. IN several different issues of the -abrairiLL we have inserted for the special benefit of Mr. M. A. Gault a "clashing voices" exercise. So far we have no evidence that the reverend gentleman has applied his genius to the ex- plication of any one of them. Now we have an exercise to which we would-call the partic- ularly special attention of Rev. M. A. -Gault, District-Secretary of the National Reform As-sociation. This which we now insert is not exactly a clashing voices exercise. We rather think that it would be more to the credit of Mr. Gault-if it were. The voices are entirely too much alike to appear well. We happen to have in this office a copy of the St. Louis Republican of Sunday, August 1, 1886, in which there is an article written by Mr. George Yule, of St. Louis, under the heading, "Christians against Christ." The lastwords of Mr. Yule's article-are as follows:Š " In conclusion I would remark that it is absolutely suicidal for the pastor of the First Christian Church to continue fooling, like a giddy little boy, in front of the ponderous wheels of the Juggernaut of Truth. It may be an exhilarating thing for him to stand upon his head and turn handsprings before the public upon the serious Sunday question; but as his true friend, we beg-of him, we plead with him, we implore him, to keep out from under- those wheels." Now with the last sentence of this, please "read, compare, and inwardly digest" the following written by the Rev. M. A. Gault in, the Christian Statesman of, October 14, 1886, page-4, first column. " It may be exhilarating for the editor of the SENTINEL to stand on his head-  and turn hand-springs before the public upon so serious and important a question; but as his true friend, we beg of him, we implore him, to keep out from under 013.wheelsof the National Reform move-ment." We say again that these voices are entirely too much alike to appear well for Mr. Gault. A comparison of these two quotations casts a good deal of a shadow upon Mr. M. A. Gault's literary honesty. And, lest some ono should think that we are indulging in "insinuations," we would say that as a matter -of fact Mr. Gault's words appear to be a downright pla-giarism. For about his -words in the Statesman there is not a sign of quotation marks nor of credit. The words appear in the Statesman as wholly his own. If the words are his own, then a comparison with those of Mr. Yule re-veals a psychical phenomenon that is truly wonderful. In our December issue we printed an article under the heading, " Is It Ignorance or Du-plicity ?" in reply to Mr. Gault's  " counter-blast to" the SENTINEL. And in view of that article and the evidence here presented, we think there can be no doubt as to how our question should be answered. Our columns are open. Will Mr.-Gault rise and explain? A. T. J. National Reform and Romanism. NATIONAL REFORM Says :Š " The churches and pulpits have much to-do with shaping and forming opinions on moral and civil, as well as on theological and eccle-siastical, points; and it is probable that in the almost universal gathering of our citizens about these, the chief discussions and the final decisions will be developed there."ŠChristian Statesman, Feb. 21, 1884. It was in this way that Rome placed her-self in the position of solo interpreter of the Scriptures on all points. Whenever a conflict of opinion occurred, it was brought immedi-ately to the notice of the church, and she must decide as to what was the Scripture in the case, and which one of the disputants was in the rightrand her decision was final; con-sequently no opinion could be held, and no duty practiced, which she chose to declare unscriptural. Therefore, if the Scriptures were to bo interpreted alone by her, and con-duct was to be regulated .alone by her decis-ions, it is manifest that the more the people read the Scriptures,-the more-was she annoyed by new controversies, and by the necessity of rendering new decisions; and then whj should she not prohibit the laity from reading the Scriptures? Besides, where was the use of the laity reading the Scriptures anyhow, when none but the clergy could interpret ? When the National Reformers shall have succeeded, will they prohibit our reading and interpreting the Scriptures ? If not, why not ? Would it not be vastly better to do so at once than to be kept in a constant whirl of " inter-pretations" and decisions? Then they could regulate the faith and practice of their so-called Christian government by bulls issued, as occasion required, " in Domino salutem et apostalicam benedictionem." This would save them a vast deal of laborrand doubtless would work just as well. A. T. J. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The-defense-of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far , as-regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. Irwiil ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Ł Single Copy, per year, - - - - oc cents. To Lreign countries, single subscriptions, post- paid  Bs. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OA.ELIND,-CAL. 