THE 'SENTINEL 'CiP'EtiaEkT7'5'r. 493 required to be religious, under the penalty of the law demanding Sunday rest. rlt, commonly supposed that in this country everybody is free to profess what religion he may choose, or none at all, but it is plain that so far as the influence of Rev. Joseph Cook ex-tends, a person will be liable to persecution unless.he is religious enough to keep SUndaY or some other day of the week. In the light of this fact, it is evident that the Sun-day law is a religious law, and not merely a civil reg-ulation, as is frequently claimed for it. For as applied to those who rest on some other day than Sunday, no one will deny that the law operates purely on religious grounds. Only religion could move an individual to Ł incur the disadvantage of being at variance with all society around him in the matter of Sabbath observ-ance ; and a law which requires an individual to be religious in order to be exempt from its penalties, must be a religious law. If the Rev. Mr. Cook spoke only for hiffiself in his implied threat of persecution for such as would not come under his exemption, the case would not be so bad; but he speaks as the representative of numer-ous and powerful organizations who look up to him as a leader in the work they have undertaken of re-forming society and politics. It is plain that the suc-cess of their plans, under the guidance of the spirit breathed forth in this utterance of the Rev. Mr. Cook, will bring a revival of intolerance and religious per-secution. Such a calamity is seriously threatened, as many indications show, and the American people should spare no pains to avert it. INTENSELY RELIGIOUS MEN FOR OFFICE. "To deter men from voting for Judge Yates for governor of Illinois," say the Michigan Christian Advocate," it is being circulated that he is intensely religious,' a total abstainer' and does not smoke.' Wouldn't it be dreadful to vote for such a man? What horror if he were elected! But that's the kind who, by and by, are going to be mayors, gov-ernors, legislators and judges." It is certainly desirable to have good men for office, but should the time ever comes when it is generally understood that men must be " intensely religious " in order to eligible to office, candidates will be just as abundant as they are now, and no bet-ter at heart. No greater calamity could possibly happen to, either church or state. " IT is a great mistake to send missiOnaries`tO'SaV"-' age and barbarous peoples," says the American Israelite. "The wisest plan would be to civilize first and Christianize afterwards." The Israelite is wrong. The mistake is not in sending missionaries- to " savage and barbarous peoples," but in so 'identifying them with earthly poWers that the peoples to whom they are sent fail to distinguish between the missionaries and the poli-tical power of the countries from which they are sent. IMPERIALISM AN EVIL PRINCIPLE. IMPERIALISM is not simply a policy; it is a prin-ciple. Nor is it confined to any, one county. The spirit of Imperialism is world-wide; and just now it is experiencing a wonderful revival. Under the head-ing, "Imperial Protestantism," the English Church-man and St. James Chronicle (London), says : "The spirit of Imperialism which, since the celebra-tion of the Victorian Jubilee, has actuated almost all departments of English corporate lifeŠin a degree altogether unprecedentedŠis now Unmistakably as-serting itself in association with the maintenance of the nation's religionŠ`the Protestant Reformed Re-ligion established by law.' The purity of the faith and worship of the people is a constitutional consid-eration, for which paramountcy must be claimed, in-asmuch as it lies at the foundatiop of all our Imperial institutions, it inspires and regulates our national pol-itics, and it insures righteousness and justice among all classes of the subjects of the Crown, at home and abroad. Decay in the allegiance of the nation to that Scriptural faith with which the fabulous growth of the British Empire for the past three and a half centuries has been intimately connected, would be the certain harbinger of disaster and overthrow. On the other hand, a deep-seated determination on the part of the people to cleanse the national church, and to reform its practical abuses, furnishes an augury pregnant with hope and promise for the Empire." Imperialism is to save the English Church! The Church is part and parcel of the Empire and must be preserved for the sake of the Empire ! This differs from the Papal view only in this that the Papacy puts the church first. The truth separates them entirely and leaves each to work out its own salvation inde-pendent of the other. God is the intepreter and the administrater of his own divine law. 