490 AMERICAN SENTINEL. many good people, who know so much about God and truth know about those who are in such terrible need of deliverance. I now quote this, however, because of the bearing which it has upon a ,certain department of the National W. C.T. U. about which more than ordinary interest clusters in these days. Mr. Wykoff says: "As we neared the door there was the usual sound of the clattering rush of sewing-machines going at high speedŠstarting and stopping abruptly, at uneven intervals and giving you the impression, in the meantime, of racing furiously with one another. "The open door revealed the customary sight of a room perhaps twenty feet square, with daylight entering faintly through two unwashed windows, which looked out upon the level of the street. The dampness showed itself in dew-like beads along the walls and on the ceiling which I could easily reach as I stood erect. In spite of it being winter, the dingy walls were dotted with black flies, which swarmed most about a cooking stove, Over which, stirring a steaming pot, stood a ragged, dishev-eled woman, who looked as though she never could have known any but extreme old age. In the remaining floor space were crowded a dozen machines or more, over which, in the thick, unventilated atmosphere, were the bending figures of the workers. Oil lamps lit up the inner recesses of the room and seemed to lend consistency to the heavy air. From an eye here and there which caught his in a single movement, the Unionist received a look of recognition, but not a head was turned to see who had entered, and the whirr of feverish work went onsunchecked for an instant by our coming. "While the Unionist was talking to the sweater, I walked behind the close line of machines over a floor cov-ered with deep accumulations of dirt and shreds of cloth and broken threads. to where, in a corner, a group of girls were sewing. The oldest among them may have been twelve and the youngest could have been a little over eight, and their wages averaged about 75 cents a week for hours that varied widely according to the stress of work. "Near the corner was a passage and through it I could see into a small room which had no window nor any opening but the door; there, in perpetual darkness lit up by one oil lamp, was a man who, for twelve (and sometimes fifteen) hours a day, pressed the new-made clothing for a living. . . . "We were on the point of leaving when a heavy foot fall sounded on the wooden steps and the door opened to the touch of an inspecting officer, whose glowing health and neat, warm uniform were as though a prosperous breeze were sweeping the stagnant room. The work, however, was as unaffected by his coming as it had been by ours. Not a sewer noticed him, and the stitching of machines went racing on with unabated swiftness. Only "the old man" watched nervously the movements of the officer as he walked about the shop making note of the bad air and the filth upon the floors and the group  of little girls, and the dark, unventilated chamber be-yond." . . "Look here," I could hear him say, "You've got to clean up here, and right away. The first thing you know you'll start a fever that will sweep the city before we pan stop it." "The young Hebrew had stopped his work and turned half round in his chair until he faced the officer. There were deep lines in his haggard, beardless face, and his wolfish eyes were ablaze with the sense of sharp injus-tice. "You tell us we've got to clean up," he answered in broken English, lifting his voice to a shout above the clatter of the machines. "What time have we to keep clean when it's all we can do to get bread? Don't talk to us about disease; it's bread we're after, bread !" And there sounded in the voice of the boy the cry of the hungry for food, which no man who hears can ever forget. "The officer passed, speechless, up the steps, and we followed into the clean, pure air, under the boundless blue of smiling skies." What Is the Everlasting Gospel?ŠNo. 8. BY C. H. ' KESLAKE. IN our last article it was shown that the law of God, the gospel of Christ. and Christ himself, are each spoken of in the Scriptures as being "the truth;" and that con-sequently any thing that is opposed to any one of the three must be opposed to all. Of the law it was also pointed out that it could not be "the truth" only as each one of the commandments comprising that law was truth. Now to change this law in any way would cer-tainly be to change the truth. But to change truth in any way would be to change it into a lie. In further considering this'question it might be well to enquire: In the plan of salvation which phase of "the truth"Šthe law, the gospel or ChristŠhas priority of claim? While they are essentially one, they are spoken of as being separate and distinct, and especially is it so regarding the law and the gospel. And it is only as they are thus presented in the Word that we would ask the question:ŠWhich has priority of claim in the plan of sal-vation? That which has made the gospel necessary is sin. The gospel is intended to save men from sin. But what is sin? The primary meaning of the word is "a missing the mark." What mark has onemissed by sinning? We learn this from the general definition the Bible gives of the word "sin." Here is what is said of it: 1 John 3:4: "Whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law; for sin is the transgression of the law." The same truth is expressed thus: "By the law is the knowledge of sin." Ł`Where there is no law there is no transgression." "Sin is not imputed when there is no law." See Rom. 3:20; 