485 or a saint imthe c_huTch and .a sinner in polities..,:,11: one's religion is worth havinglit wilihmake hiin holiest wherever he is. But this is quite a different thing from saying that "when the emotions are deeply agitated they will overflow, suffuse and compel the assent of the intellect." We want no government by camp-meeting or re-vival methods. Government by "the emotions" "deep-ly agitated" by fervid appeals to religious sentiment is just what they had in Spain and the Netherlands under the sway of the Inquisition. Another form of it is seen to-day in the Boxer uprising in China; while our American Sunday laws are due to the same causeŠdeep religious feeling rather than sanctified common sense. The Christian Citizenship League is pursuing either a phantom, or the deamon of church-and-state union. If the first, their efforts must be fruitless of practical results ; if the second, their success could bring only wide-spread ruin ; first of American liberty and American manhood, and secondly of the Republic itself. B. Christianity and Politics. Pastor Friedrich Naumann, who is a prominent figure in the ranks of practical Christian workers in Germany, has published a book on "Democracy and the Imperial Power," in which he shows that Christ's teachings furnish no rule for guidance in politics. Consequently the publication has produced "a deep and disappointing sensation" among those within the circle of his influence, who were looking for an oppo-site view to be set forth. "The author," we are told, "has been one of the most active representatives of the Christian Socialist agitation, which has seen in the application of the teachings of Christ to the social and political problems of the day the panacea for all the ills that affect humanity." Now the former "Chris-tian Socialist" has withdrawn from the position he held as such touching the application of Christ's teaching to politics, and states the conclusion at which he has arrived, in these words :Š "Jesus Christ was not a politician. The attempt has often been made to extract from the never-failing fountain of his Word the rules that should control po-litical thought and action. Protestants, too, have made such attempts, and in former years the author of this book has joined in these efforts. But the result of all these studies has been the conviction that the moral ideas of the Master are of such a general character, being intended for application to all manners and con-ditions of men, and are so purely ethical and abstract in their nature, that they do not furnish a guide to conduct in specific cases nor answer such questions as, What should be our politics in the period of in-dustrialism, or our attitude toward social democracy,  or eveirtowardiaristocracy ? Jesus thereby dOes not' decrease in value for us; but we are not able ,to deduce our political tactics from him." "Jesus Christ was not a politician" ; that states the whole truth of the matter in a nutshell. And because he was not a politician, he did not enter into the arena of political strife, and, his words and example furnish no rule by which to guide political activity. And as the life of Christ is Christianity, now as well as nine-teen centuries ago, it follows that Christianity knows nothing of politics. The aims of Christianity are,  not to be attained by political means. Christ's kingdom is not of this world: We commend the results of Pastor Naumnn's study of this< subject to all those in this country who are trying to set up the kingdom of God or establish righteousness in the earth through political reform parties or by any political agency. An earnest and candid investigation of the question in the light of the words of Jesus Christ, will, we trust, be the salvation of many from one of the most dangerous of modern delusions. Christians should hold their citizenship on high. A country is not safe till the citizens are seeking the Bet-ter Country. The supreme loyalty to one's fatherland is loyalty to one's Father in Heaven. As the spirit of mammon is the ruin of the land, so the spirit of, other-worldliness is its salvation. It prevents undue-wealth. It checks ambition. It avoids friction be-tween worker and worker. It makes men faithful. It: empties saloons and builds up homes.ŠAmos R.. Wells. Duty of Civil Magistrates Towards Religion. The civil magistrate either respecteth that religions and worship which his conscience is persuaded is true, and upon which he ventures his soul, or else that and_ those which he is persuaded are false. Concerning the first, if that which the magistrate-believeth to, be, true, be true, I say he owes a three-fold duty unto it: First. Approbation and countenance, a reverent esteem and honorable testimony, according to Isaiah xlix, Revelation xxi, with a tender respect of truth and the professors of it. Secondly. Personal submission of his own soul to the power of the Lord. Jesus in that spiritual gov-ernment and kingdom, according. to Matthew xviii, I Cor. v. Thirdly. Protection of such true professors of Christ, whether apart, or met together, as also of their estates, from violence and injury, according to-Rom. xiii. 