326 A.MC.E11-1,1 CAIN-  S.E.,NerraNT_EIIA., VoL. 10, No. 41. RELIGION IN THE NORMAL SCHOOLS. BY L. D. BURDICK. THE normal schools and teachers' institutes are now an important part of the school sys-tem of the State of New York. The,  power of the normal schools has been greatly in-creased by recent changes in methods of pass-ing on, the qualifications of teachers. More and more the common schools are dependent on them for their teachers. It is important therefore to know their attitude on religious questions. There are eleven normal schools in the State. The total number of pupils in them, according to the annual report of 1894, was 7,625. Of these, 3,600 were in the normal classes. The total cost to the State was $326,912.64. The expense of teachers' institutes for the same year was $28,143.44. The number of school districts was 11,161, and during some part of the year 32,476 different teachers were em-ployed. Some time ago the writer submitted to the principals of the normal schools these ques-tions: What religious services are held in your school? Is attendance compulsory? What are the denominational connections of those who usually conduct them? Do Roman Catholics, Jews, or Unitarians ever participate in con-ducting them? Replies were received from all of them, from which the following facts are gleaned :Š One writes: " No religious exercises of any kind are held in this school unless the occa-sional singing of a hymn may be called such." This is the smallest of the eleven schools, hav-ing only 291 pupils, of whom 145 are in the normal department. In all the others daily religious services are held, consisting of hymns, prayer, and Bible reading. In seven schools attendance is compulsory, in three voluntary. The number of pupils in the schools where attendance is compulsory is 5,217; in those where it is voluntary it is 2,117. In two the services are conducted by the principals, one of them an Episcopalian, the denomination of the other not given. In four schools the serv-ices are conducted by the male members of the faculty. The denominational connections of those conducting services, so far as named, are Presbyterian, Methodist, Universalist, Bap-tist, Congregationalist, Episcopal, Dutch Re-formed, and (in one case) Unitarian. One reports that Catholics have sometimes taken part in religious services at commencement; another, that they have been invited but usually declined to do so. One reports that a Catholic sometimes has charge of religious ex-ercises in the primary department, and an-other that a Catholic, during the absence of the principal of the intermediate department, conducts reading service from the Protestant Bible. In the latter case the principal adds, " The Catholic priest of this village has re-cently made an effort to have the reading of the Bible and the sacred music dropped from the exercises, but has failed to accomplish his desired end." The total number of communicants in the State in the denominations above-mentioned, as participating in religious exercises in the normal schools, exclusive of Catholics, is 814,-973. The total number of Catholic commu-nicants in the State is 1,153,130. The total population of the State, by the census of 1890, from which the other statistics are taken, is 5,997,863. From this brief statement of facts and stat-istics, does not the conclusion seem warranted that religious denominations whose member-ship constitutes only a comparatively small part of the entire population of the State vir- tually direct the religious instruction in the normal schools? How far the standing of those being prepared for teachers in these schools may be effected by their attendance or non-attendance in these services is not known. If it is affected at all is it not making " pref-erence and discrimination" on account of re-ligion which is forbidden in the constitution and has been from colonial days? Through the teachers that go out from the normal schools the whole public school system of the State must be largely influenced by the religious training in them. Is it not therefore a matter of simple justice to all denominations and to those outside of all denominations, that all religious bias should be removed from them? And this can be accomplished in no other way than by taking all religious services out of them. A LAW FOR THE WEAK AND A LAW FOR THE STRONG. [Gainesville (Ga.) Eagle, Oct. 3.] LAST spring, J. Q. Allison, of Douglas County, a Seventh-day Adventist, was arrested, carried to court, and fined for sabbath-break-ing, the fine and costs, amounting to $22.05. Mr. Allison's offense consisted in plowing in his field, away from the road, where he dis-turbed nobody, except those who went out of their way to look at him on purpose to get disturbed. Mr. Allison, according to the teachings of his religion and the dictates of his conscience, had rested on the day before. He refused to pay his fine, and the judge or- dered him to the chain-gang. The Atlanta Constitution, in commenting on this affair, said:Š As the law now stands, we must punish these people when they violate our Sunday statutes. The Jews have never given us any trouble in this matter, and the "Seventh-day Adventists" should follow their example for the sake of peace and order. Our law-makers have no desire to persecute these honest and good citizens, but even when law-breakers plead that they are conscientiously obeying the divine command we must draw the line somewhere. We draw it in the case of the Mormons, and we must draw it on this Sunday question. Oh, yes, we must draw the line. We must draw it on the Jews and the Adventists, butŠ There we must stop. The Jews and the Adventists are in the minority. They are weak and powerlessŠtherefore we must draw the line on them. It is a matter of religion with them, a matter of conscience; but they are weak, and are splendid subjects with which to illustrate the majesty of the law. "We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." But when it comes to drawing the line on the Atlanta expositionŠwhich is being run by rich men, powerful and influentialŠthe line does not seem to draw. It is a notorious fact that for the past month a full force of workmen have been at work each Sunday from sun-up to sun-down, right in the sound of the bells of the churches, where hundreds of perfunctory worshipers go to hear sleek and salaried parsons expound the law and the gospel. And has one word been raised by one of these parsons against this unholy desecration of the Christian sabbath? Not one word. The men who are responsible for this desecra-tion are members of these churchesŠgood paying members, and it won't do to affront them. Even Dr. Hawthorne, that belligerent theological blunderbuss, who wrinkles his placid front and shakes his ambrosial locks and paws up the earth at sight of a bloomer  on a bicycleŠeven helms remained as silent as the grave when his wealthy parishioners laid their leprous hands on the sacred day of rest. There was no work of necessity or mercy in this business. There was no element of reli-gion or conscience in it. It was sabbath-breaking for revenue only. The motive that prompted and impelled was purely mercenary. It was for Atlanta. It was to enable that city to feather its nest, and that its grand consoli-dated aggregation of gougers might work suc-cessfully their multitudinous home industries in the shape of skin games to fleece the visit-ors out of their dimes and quarters and dol-lars. Being for Atlanta and a work for her ad-vancement, and no matter of conscience about it, it was all right, and the law will wink with one eye and the church will wink with the other. It won't do to break the law as a matter of conscience. There must be the element of gain in it to escape the majesty of the law. Theoretically, the Taws were made for all alike, but the rich sometimes have the bulge on the poor. Ł THE FUTURE OF THE PAPACY. [Sunday News-Tribune, Detroit, Sept. 15.] THE papacy and its prospects for the future, immediate and remote, have recently been the subject of much thought and discussion among both the writers and statesmen in the highest circles of the Old World. That, in spite of its loss of temporal power, it still clings to Rome and never by a word compro-mises its hope of recovering its ancient posi-tion as a temporal sovereignty, is a constant embarrassment to Italy and a puzzle to not only the statesmen of that kingdom but to those of all Europe. Its spiritual power and prestige have grown enormously since Rome was made the capital of Italy and the pope was confined to the narrow limits of the Vatican gardens. Its influence upon the politics of every country in Europe has become more marked, and there is scarcely one of them which can formulate a policy without reckon-ing with the position of its Catholic subjects whose action in public affairs was never before so completely controlled by the head of their church. The univeral Church has bowed submis-sively to the stupendous claims of the Vatican Council, and there is not a breath of schism or heresy anywhere on earth within the ranks of its followers. As a prisoner, which he is pleased to call himself, the pope has more real power than he had formerly as a king. It might be possible to explain this growth by the changed conditions of the world which, in our time, have enabled all human activities to centralize and consolidate power, and to trace much of the facility with which the Roman Church has done it to that very loss of temporal power, which she regards as a mis-fortune, but which has freed the Roman see from the natural jealousy which other Catholic communities naturally felt toward her when her bishop was a king. It might not be un-reasonable to hope, too, that the new condi-tion would eventually be accepted by the papal court and become permanent. But the per-sistence of the papacy in clinging to and con-stantly asserting its claims alarms statesmen, and excites fears that, in the future wars of Europe, the history of the last quarter of a century might be reversed. This is the view which a recent writer in 