40 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 4112e AarFlear2 31212tii2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY, 1888. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to, people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. IT is reported in the religious press that a great revival is progressing in Tokio, Japan, with no fewer than five hundred conversions in a single month. One religious journal, in noting the wonderful revival, and how re-cently the country was wholly pagan, says: "Everybody is interested in Christianity, and nobody speaks against it." Well, then, we fear that Christianity is in a bad condition'in Japan. Christ said: " Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false prophets." When the Christians were only "a sect" that was everywhere spoken against, Christianity was pure and undefiled; but when Constantine elevated Christianity to the throne of the world, and nobody spoke against it, but men found that they gained popularity by accept-ing it, then real Christianity fled, and "that wicked" took its place. We do not believe Christ's words have any less application to-day than they had eighteen hundred years ago. NOT long ago the religious journals of New York were very active in working for the Sat-urday half-holiday. Now the bank superin-tendent of the State, in his report to the Leg-islature, has recommended that the law be so amended as to be limited in its operations to July and August, during which months busi-ness in the cities is usually suspended on Saturday afternoons; and the Independent says that "a better recommendation would have been a total repeal of the law alto-gether." It truthfully adds:Š " The truth is, that the law is really of no service to anybody. The design of the Leg-islature in passing it was simply to humbug the working people, by seeming to do some-thing for them, when in fact doing nothing except to their injury." And that is just the case with all Sunday legislation. If the workingmen allow the Sunday-law advocates to humbug them into thinking that the object of Sunday laws is to benefit them, they will find out the contrary to their sorrow when it is too late to remedy the matter. IN a recent address before the Young Wom-en's Christian Temperance Union in Oak-land, Rev. Dr: Horton stated that he had been credibly informed that during this Lenten sea-son there were many families which gave their children wine in the place of meat, and said that teachers in certain schools complained that those children became utterly unmanage-able in consequence. 'Was there_ ever a worse exhibition of straining out a gnat and swal-lowing a camel? We believe Lent is a period  of time devoted to the mortification of the flesh! " The church " forb ids the use of meat during that time, so that the,  body may be kept under; and these people, who would think it almost a mortal sin to disobey the church' in this regard, give their children (and undoubtedly themselves also) wine, which is ten times worse than meat could be. This is a fair sample of the working of a re-ligion that is fixed by law; formalism at the expense of piety must always be the result. WE have received from the editor of the Herold der Warheit a translation of a part of the remarks of the prosecuting attorney of the city of Cassel, Germany, in the case of the Rev. Thiimmel, who was indicted for attacking the Papacy and calling- the Pope antichrist. In moving for nine months' im-prisonment for Thiimmel, and two months' imprisonment for the publisher of the article, the prosecuting attorney said, among other things:Š " The defendant refers (or appeals) to Dr. M. Luther. First, it must be considered that Luther lived three hundred years ago, and that meanwhile the customs, the tone, and tastes, etc., have changed. If Luther lived to-day, and should say and write the same things that he did then, he would undoubt-edly, by reason of section 166 of the Penal Code, be condemned." Undoubtedly; and this is in a city where the majority of the churches to-day are Lu-theran. If a man should be condemned now for using language similar to that which Lu-ther used three hundred years, ago, then he ought to have been condemned then, for it is Rome's boast that she never changes. If Lu-ther were alive to-day he would undoubtedly say the same things about the Catholic Church that he said in the days of Leo X., and would include many professed Protestants in his re-marks. Fortunately there are some still who are animated by the same spirit that Luther was, and who do not flatter the Pope simply because his power is increasing. A Deserved Rebuke. IN the latter part of March, the Methodist Episcopal Conference of Kansas adopted res-olutions refusing to support any political party that will not agree to play into their hands. The Interior (Presbyterian) adminis- ters a just and deserved rebuke, which we here insert, not only for the good in the mat- ter itself, but also as another evidence of the rapid growth of Church and State ideas. We ask, for the weighty words of the Interior, the careful consideration that is their due. " The Methodist conference for Kansas, at its meeting in Topeka last week,, passed reso-lutions demanding national prohibition and refusing to support any political party which does not stand squarely upon their platform. They demanded: 1. That the United States shall not issue permits to sell liquor in any State unless the same be countersigned by the State authorities. 2. Prohibition in the District of Columbia, the Territories, etc. 3. The importation of liquors into any State to be by the consent of the State. 4. A prohib-itory amendment to the Constitution of the United States. "Just what the practical effect of these ,provisions might be, it,is not safe to under-take in advance to determine. But the pur-pose of these brethren was to put down the liquor traffic, and therefore it was a righteous purpose. But we would not like to have our presbytery or- assembly pledge our church to the defeat of any political party not com-mitted to these particular :measures. We would not like to have our church committed to a war of extermination upon the Republi-can party or the Democratic party. As the clause in our Confession forbidding the church to meddle with civil affairs is now under scru-tiny, the action of the Methodist conference affords.a very good illustration. " Let' us suppose, now, that the Methodist Episcopal Church, which at the North, we may say, is pretty nearly solidly Republican, should receive and obey a mandate from its general conference to vote against the Repub-lican partyŠthat would defeat ,that party. There are over 100,000 offices and, over a thousand millions of treasure dependent upon that stake. Can a church have the awarding of such political spoils to one or another po-litical party and remain morally pure? No reasonable:man will believe it. Nothing has yet been seen in history in the way of ,eccle-siastical corruption that would compare with the' horrible mixture of cant and rascality that would follow. This shows that, however attractive from a moral standpoint eocleSias-tico-political action may be, it is in the high-est degree perilons. In forbidding it our Con-fession of Faith deals with principles of re-ligion and morality that are unchangeable and decisive." IT is stated that Colorado has great hopes of becoming the tobacco-producing district of this country, careful experiments having de-termined that many varieties of tobacco will yield enormous crops upon its soil. The Oak-land Times says:Š " If Colorado cannot produce the requisite soil and climate, it could certainly be found in California. With our vast domain it is ridiculous that we should still be spending eight to ten millions of dollars per year in buying the weed from Cuba and Sumatra." We should say that if Californians must use eight or ten million dollars' worth of tobacco every year, it will be vastly cheaper to im-port it than to ruin good land in producing it. It is well known that there is nothing that grows that exhausts the soil so much as to-bacco. Much good land in Connecticut and Virginia has been rendered unfit for use, be-cause it has been devoted to tobacco-raising. Tobacco has only one mission, and that is, to kill, and it does that effectually, whether ap-plied to the land, to men, or to pestiferous vermin. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN. EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 