710 THE SENTINEL. OF LIBERTY. or advanced in the slightest degree from her position Tin the Middle Ages on the relation of church and :state. (2) She is withheld only by lack of oppor- tunity and power from completely dominating gov--ernments and nations as in the Middle Ages; and ;:she stands ready to do as she did then whenever she -can do so without endangering, her interests. (3) She considers that the times are auspicious in this ,countryŠthe classic land of libertyŠto claim the :favor and support of government that she was ac-'customed to have on demand in the Middle Ages. If there is a tendency to look at the church from ." the view-point of the Middle Ages," the cause is not far to seek. She takes her stand on the principles of the Middle Ages. An investigation of her po-sition to-day shows that the Papacy is one of the very few institutions that it is perfectly proper to judge from " the view-point of the Middle Ages." There is a sense in which she should crave such a view-point. ' The principles of the Middle Ages will appear more acceptable from the view-point of the Middle Ages than from the view-point of the present age. When Leo. calls attention to the " abundant fruits " that the church would bring forth were she in her " most desirable status," he points directly to -all the fiendish atrocities of the Middle Ages that are attributable to State support of the Catholic system, for these were the fruitsŠthe " abundant fruits "Šof such a status. It might be possible to forgetŠat least in the sense of connecting them with the church of to-dayŠthose deeds which blacken the Dark Ages, did not the church by her present con-duct and claims force them upon our attention. The most desirable status of the church, according to Leo XIII., is the status that she enjoyed Aunder Innocent III. and Gregory VII. It is a status that in no sense accords with the standards of the age and country in which we live. The declarations of Leo can not be reconciled with the principles of re--ligious and civil freedom which this age is supposed to endorse. What matters it, even if it were true, that Cath--olics established religious freedom first in the New World, and that ""When America was as yet but a new-born babe; uttering in its cradle its first -feeble -tries, the church took it to her bosom and motherly embrace"? In the year 1895 Leo XIII. asserts all The powers the,  church has ever -ciainied, and says that she should hold such power in the'United States. In 1897 the Duc de Broglie, writing for the church, declares that the Pope" is far from approving the principles of the American Constitution, with its ab- solute separation of church and state, in matters of religion," and that " the church can never give her approval to the principle of an absolute equality be- tween all forms of religious thought." At the pres-ent moment the Pope is mourning over the" pain- ful " situation in which he finds himself because he can not oppose the free propaganda of Protestantism in Italy, especially in Rome. As in 1878, he sor- rows that " there is no restriction on the press," and that ".here [in Rome] Protestant churches are built even in the most populous streets as if to insult us." The Duc de Broglie says that the church is immova-ble on the point of freedom of conscience for the faithful, and he might have said with more truth that she is equally as immovable on the point of no free-dom of conscience for those who are not of the " faithful." The church may dilate upon her progress, she may loudly claim to have been the first to establish religious freedom in the New World, and to have nurtured the American Republic from its birth, but in spite of all her fair pretenses there appears across her front in bold and unmistakable characters the legend, STATE SUPPORT, SUPREMACY IN CIVIL ADMINISTRATIONS, THE FAVOR OF THE LAWS AND THE PATRONAGE OF THE PUBLIC AUTHORITY. And even while her wards are most plausible and fair there comes from her throat another voice, deeper and more authoritative, saying: " The church can never give her approval to the principle of an absolute equality between all forms of religious thought." "It would be very er-roneous to conclude that in America is to be sought the most desirable status of the church." " She would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in addition td liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." "What the church has done in the past for other nations she will now do for the United States." The same arrogance and presumption which marked the church in a day of great intellectual darkness are the very same characteristics that she manifests in this day of great intellectual light. The Papacy has indeed made progress within re-cent years, but not progress that indicates that she has learned the lesson of tolerance, or that she has learned to separate politics and religion. It is the 