344 Vol,. 10, No. 43. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 31, 1895. Pr.  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Do you want a complete exposition of Rom. 13:1-9 ? If so read " The Powers That Be," chapter III., "Rights of the People." For further particulars see the preceding page. WITH this number we begin the publication of a series of articles from the pen of Prof. Addison Blakely, Ph. D., of the University of Chicago. The first one is, " What a Consti-tution Is," on page 340. Read it. A SOUTHERN correspondent informs us that we have omitted from our " Roll of Honor," the Tuskaloosa (Ala.) Gazette. Doubtless we have omitted other papers also that were en-titled to honorable mention as opposed to re-ligious persecution. We regret this, as we would have been glad to have enrolled them all. IT will be remembered that it was charged some months ago that President Cleveland went fishing on Sunday. This was denied by his private secretary who explained that Mr. Cleveland only started Sunday night but did not actually fish on Sunday. But some peo-ple are not satisfied with this, and the Mail and Express of this city thinks that Mr. Cleveland ought to clear his skirts of the fish-ing charge before he thinks seriously of a third term. A CORRESPONDENT, writing from Mont-gomery, Ala., informs us that that State has joined the crusade for Sunday enforcement upon Seventh-day Adventists. A man named Hasty, has been arrested at Headland for Sun-day labor and was in jail when our corres-pondent wrote, October 21. Another Sev. enth-day Adventist, a Mr. Newman, of. Dothen, has also been arrested and his trial has doubt-less taken place ere this as it was set for the 21st inst. THE article from the Herald of this city, "Blue Laws Did Really Exist," which we print on page 341, will be found to be of more than ordinary interest. Mr. Newton, the writer quoted in the arti-cle referred to, set out to vindicate the colony of Connecticut against the charges made by Mr. Peters, the Tory preacher. He suc-ceeds in proving nearly everything that Mr. Peters asserted concerning the Blue Laws. True, Connecticut had no code designated " Blue Laws," but it had the laws; and they were in most cases fully as blue as Mr. Peters painted them. The researches of this attor-ney fully substantiate our editorial utterance of the 3rd 'inst., namely: "We are well aware that no such code of laws ever actually ex- isted as that sometimes printed as the Blue Laws of Connecticut. But we are also well aware that 'laws' did exist in the New Eng-land colonies, notably in Massachusetts and Connecticut, under which the ministers and magistrates assumed to punish nearly all the acts said to have been forbidden by the Blue Laws." ACCORDING to the Chester (Pa.) Times, of the 16th inst., several meetings have been held there recently " to create and crystallize public sentiment toward securing the enforce-ment of existing laws on the sabbath day par-ticularly." Let all persons in Chester who are meditating any offense against the laws of the State or the ordinances of the city, take notice and commit their crimes on some day of the week other than Sunday if they hope to escape due punishment! THOSE who still uphold Sunday laws not-withstanding the use that is made of them to persecute conscientious observers of the sev-enth day, try to make much out of the fact that no effort is made to interfere with the latter, in their seventh-day rest and worship. But, as is evident from the case of the Ad-ventist arrested in San Antonio, Texas, for refusing to do road work, as commanded by the roadmaster, on the seventh day, the same spirit which endeavors to force these people to rest on Sunday, also seeks to compel them to labor on the day which they regard as the Sabbath. It is in both cases simply the spirit of disregard of the consciences and rights of a class politically insignificant, and holding an unpopular religion. It is simply a for-tuitous circumstance that determines how this disregard shall be expressed,Šwhether by compelling the Adventists to rest on the first day, or compelling them to work on the seventh. THE fact that Sunday is not kept by a part of the people, is regarded by certain others who do keep it, and with whose liberty to keep it no one thinks of interfering, as a " ruthless invasion of the very sanctuary of God by the destroying foot of the Philistine." These are the words of a Paulist priest, Rev. Alexander Dole, but they voice the sentiment of those who are pushing the Sunday crusade. Yet these same ones, when the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists is under consideration, say that the religion of the Adventists is not interfered with at all by the Sunday laws, since they are left perfectly free to rest and worship on the seventh day. The Sunday-law advocates must not only be left perfectly free in the matter of their own Sunday ob-servance, but others who do not believe as they do must observe it also, else there is " a ruthless invasion" of that which Sunday-keepers hold sacred; but a law which leaves everybody free to disregard the seventh day, and furthermore puts those who do observe it in the chain-gang for working on the first day, is no invasion whatever of that which is held sacred by the Adventists! If this be consistency, then consistency is not a jewel. THE SENTINEL has no sympathy whatever with Mormonism, but we nevertheless indorse this note from the Sun, of the 23rd inst.:Š The Mormon missionaries have as much right to propagate the religion of Mormonism in the State of North Carolina as the Presbyterian missionaries in China have to propagate the religion of Presbyterian-ism there. We should like to know the difference between the conduct of the Chinese mandarins and Vegetarians who drive out the Christian missionaries and that of the clergymen of North Carolina who have sent a written warning to the Mormon missionaries there to "retire from our community, and that at once." The Chinese have degraded the anti-missionary Viceroy, and chopped off the heads of a lot of the anti-missionary Vegetarians. What kind of punish-ment should be given by somebody to the Rev. M. D. Bynum and the Rev. H. J. Jennett, of New Hill, Wake County, N. C.? The stories told in China against the Christian missionaries are even worse than those told in North Carolina against the Mormon missionares. Why people should fear false doctrine we cannot imagine. The truth is able to stand alone. Intolerance is the fruit of cowardice as bigotry is of ignorance. THE "ARENA" FOR 1896. THE publishers of the Arena have issued a prospectus for 1896 which presents a pro-gramme for the year which will be sure to attract many new readers besides retaining old ones. The Arena is " the people's review, frank, fearless, unmuzzled and unsubsidized;" and though the price will be reduced from $5.00 to $3.00 per year, beginning with the December number, it promises to "be stronger, brighter, abler and more attractive than ever." "The following," says the prospectus, "are among the many brilliant writers whose con-tributers will appear within the next three months:" United States Senator John T. Morgan, of Alabama; Rev. Minot J. Savage, of Unity Church, Boston, Mass.; Prof. Rich-ard T. Ely, of University of Wisconsin, Mad-ison, Wis. ; Rev. Lyman Abbott, of Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, N. Y.; Prof. Frank Par-sons, of Boston University School of Law, Boston; Rev. Edward Everett Hale, of Bos-ton; Helen II. Gardener, of Boston; Prof. George D. Herron, of' Iowa College; Hon. Walter Clark, LL.D., of the Supreme Bench of North Carolina; Rev. John W. Chadwick, D.D., of Brooklyn, N. Y. ; Postmaster Gen-eral William L. Wilson; Prof. Joseph Rodes Buchanan, M.D.; United States Senator Ma-rion Butler, of North Carolina; J. Heber Smith, M.D., of Boston. Book reviews will continue to be an inter-esting feature of the Arena, and "in a word," say the publishers, "no money, time or care will be spared in making the Arena a review that every man and woman who desires to keep abreast of the live and vital problems of our age will find indispensable, and a maga-zine which all the friends of justice, morality, and progress will be proud of." The able article, "The Preacher and Pluto-crat," published in the SENTINEL of October 17, was from the Arena to which our readers are indebted also for other valuable matter. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Chinch and State, either in name or infact, Single copy, per year, - - $1.0(1, In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75c 25 and under 50 " " 1 " - 60c 50 and under 100 " " 1 " 55c " 100 or more " 1 " - 50e To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - Is Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City, 