92 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. liament, as forming the existing British Gov-ernment, on the basis of institutions which have been the growth of more than two thou-sand years. Study this whole history from its earliest point to the present hour, and where will one find a leaf or even the frag-ment of a leaf showing that God has inter-posed in any special way, made any revela-tion of his will, wrought any miracle to prove such a revelation, appointed or inspired any ruler, or done any other thing different from the usual providence of cause and effect by which he rules in all the affairs of earth? There is not a solitary page of credible history that establishes any such fact. If, then, Vic-toria rules by a divine right, other than the right derived from the acquiescence and con-sent of the people of Great Britain, let her show her title-deed, with God's signature af-fixed to it. If it be said that she has inher-ited the throne from a royal ancestry, then let us have the king or queen who originally received the right from God, and , also the " Thus saith the Lord " for its transmission in the line of family descent until it has finally lodged in Victoria, and is waiting to lodge in the Prince of Wales. The plain fact of history is that her right is simply that of birth, taken in connection with the established institutions of Great Britain; and there is not a king or queen on the face of the earth who can present any better title. It happens to be a fact that all such titles are not distinguished by any divine preroga-tive, divine interposition, or divine inspira-tion, that makes them essentially different from the commission of a bank president or the head of a manufacturing company. Vic- toria has no higher or better warrant from Heaven to perform the duties of a queen than has a common laborer to do an honest day's Work for his employer. Her providential po-sition brings with it peculiar duties; and this is true of every man's position. She is sim-ply what she is in the course of natural prov-idence; and of whom is not this equally true? The hand of God is no more really involved in the formation, constitution, growth, and government of empires than in the formation and growth of coral reefs. Both are the prod-ucts of natural forces, existing and acting under divine Providence, and giving in the one case the history and phenomena of em-pires, and in the other those of coral reefs. The most critical study of a State, no matter what may be its form of Government, merely supplies facts that run in the channel ef nat-ural events. And the same is true of " a swarm of bees or a family of beavers." Macaulay, in his review of Gladstone's work on Church and State, has a suggestive passage upon the manner in which civil gov-ernments have usually become invested with their authority. We reproduce a part of it as follows:Š " A nation of barbarians pours down on a rich and unwarlike empire, enslaves the peo-ple, portions out the land, and blends the in-stitutions which it finds in the cities with those which it has brought from the woods. A handful of daring adventurers from a civil-ized nation wander to some savage country  and reduce the aboriginal race to bondage. A successful general turns his arms against the State which he serves. A society made brutal by oppression rises madly on its mas-ters, and sweeps away all old laws and usages; and when its first paroxysm of rage is over, sinks down passively under any form of pol-ity which may spring out of the chaos. A chief of a party, as at Florence, becomes im-perceptibly a sovereign and the founder of a dynasty. A captain of mercenaries, as at Milan, seizes on a city, and by the sword makes himself its ruler. An elective senate, as at Venice, usurps permanent and heredi-tary power. It is in events such as these that Governments have generally originated." This presents a true picture of the govern-mental divine right as usually seen in the history of the world. The right, in respect to the process of its creation and establish-ment, has generally been the divine right of the sword, of military conquest, of the strong-est battalions, of brains circumventing igno-rance and weakness, of cunning, intrigue, artifice, pillage, and outrage. The events in which the right has been cradled, and out of which it has sprung, are the products of hu-man forces, and these forces for the most part stamped with the indelible marks of iniquity and crime. These events exist in the scheme of divine Providence, just as sin exists in that scheme, but without the sanction, au-thorization, or moral approval of God. He may, indeed, cause the wrath of man to praise him, or use one set of tyrants to punish an-other, or providentially overturn one despot-ism through the agency and ambition of an-other; but this does not make him the author of the wrath, or the approver of the tyranny or any of its enormities. It is the preroga-tive of God to bring good out of evil, and to accomplish his own purposes through even the wickedness of men. The murderers of Jesus fulfilled the divine counsel ; yet it was not the less true that they slew him with wicked hands. So human Governments may fulfill the divine counsel, and yet not be of God in any other sense than that of being the crea-tions and institutions of men under his ordi-nary providence.ŠSamuel T. Spear, D. D. Ł 4_ ProhibitionBlasphemy. THE following article we clipped from the 1fiee Press, Mankato, Minn., of October 12, 1888. The election is past, and the contest for the present is decided, but so far as we are concerned the matter here given is worth as much now as it was before election, as it is with principles that we have to do and not with parties as such. We heartily indorse every word of the Free Press in its rebuke of this piece of blasphemy. This exploit of the Wisconsin. Prohibitionist is a sample of the kind of political contest that is, and will be, carried on by that party which Miss Willard declares is to be "the party of God." Who-ever has any respect for God or for himself had better separate himself as far as possible from the religious Prohibition party, its methods and its aims. The Press says:Š " There are no doubt many conscientious and estimable people in the Prohibition party, whose moral convictions prompt them to vote with that party as the best way to express their disapproval of intemperance. Such of these as still believe they are not misrepre-sented and disgraced by the methods of fa-natical leaders and workers, we would ask to-read the following stupid and blasphemous' production, which belongs and should be cred-ited to the Wisconsin Prohibitionist, in which it was published as a prominent editorial on September 27. It is alleged to be a quotation from the Bishop's Book of Com- mon Prayer,' and is given to ridicule the dec-laration of Bishop Newman, of the M. E. Church, that he considers that 'the supreme duty is to place the Government in the hands of Harrison and Morton,' and that I vote as I pray and pray as I vote.' This Wisconsin organ of a party which is always lauding it-self as the friend of God and home,' and re-peatedly exhorts its members to vote as they pray, blasphemes God and disgraces itself by ridiculing the sacredness of prayer, and pub-lishes the following as uttered by Bishop Newman:Š " 0 Lord, thou knowest that I have had about as much attention from the Repub-lican party as it is the good lot of any Meth-odist minister to receive; and thou knowest also that no man who has enjoyed these priv-ileges can leave the party without being called a sorehead, a traitor, and a sniveling hypo-crite ; and yet it does look tough for a man of my standing to vote the same ticket with tens of thousands of saloon thugs and bloody brewers and distillers. It does look hard, as I before remarked, to see a Methodist bishop voting with such low-down and vicious pluguglies, thugs, and gutter-snipes, to continue a traffic that pulls more men down to hell in one day than I ever con-verted in all my life. And yet, 0 Ł Lord, thou knowest the fix I am in. Help me to make the people to truly see that both I, and Sheridan Shook, and Benjamin Harrison, and Peter Iler, and Capt. Pabst, and Buffalo Miller, and " Bloody Corner " Cox, and Schlitz, and Val Blatz, and Boss Quay, and tens of thousands of other whisky men, and several other good people, do heartily sympathize with all wise and well-directed efforts for the promotion of temperance and morality; and to Harrison and the Republican party be all the gloiy, forever. Amen 1' "We submit that among the lowest ranks of journalism there is still enough respect for religion and the teachings of Christ to prevent them from becoming the subjects of unneces-sary jest and ridicule. It was left for an or-gan of the great `morality' party to descend to the lowest depths, and insult all decency and outward respect for the sacredness of re-ligion by an abortive attempt to secure weap-ons to defend the party it disgraces. It is about time for self-respecting, thinking men who have connection with the Prohibition political party to sever their ties to an or, ganization which develops such disgraceftil, uncalled-for methods as this clipping closes." Amen and Amen, say we. WHEN we walk toward the sun of truth ail shadows are cast behind us.ŠLongfellow. 