AMERICAN SENTINEL. 452 serve the se nth day at all from one year's end to an-other. It is a singular thing, to say the least. They are careful not to worship other gods, to bow down to graven imageS, to swear, dishonor their parents, kill, commit adultery, teal, bear false witness, or covet; there is no question in t eir minds for a moment that all these are things which e would not "have me do." Yet the thing stated in the f urth preceptŠthe very bosomŠof this same law, is set aide as though it were a matter of no consequence. Oh, well, it is said, in tl is one precept of the Decalogue there has been a change; and we, as Christians, now keep the Sabbath on the first day of the week, in honor of Christ, who on that day rose from the dead. But was it not Christ who commanded the observance of the seventh day? and must not that therefore be one of the things which he would have all people do, as well now as then? Aside from the self-evident fact that a moral law must in the very nature of things express the will of Christ and be the same in all ages, it is plain that Christ himself spoke the law which commands rest upon the seventh day. For the first words of the speaker on that memorable occasion were, "I am the Lord thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage." The deliverer from bondage is Jesus Christ. He it is who Was divinely anointed to "proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Isa. 61:1. He it was who went before the host of Israel in a pillar of cloud and of fire; and they "drank of that spiritual Rock which followed [or went with, margin] them; and that Rock was Christ." 1 Cor. 10:4. Would you strive to do whatsoever the Lord Jesus Christ would have you do? Then consider who it is that has brought you up out of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. Or have you not yet been delivered from the bondage of Egypt? '`Out of Egypt," it is written, "have I called my son." If you are a son of God, you have come up out of that realm of spiritual darkness and bond-age into the spiritual Canaan. You have left the com-pany of the idolators, and have "come out from among them," that you might be separate unto the Lord, one of "a peculiar people," unlike the nations of the world. 2 Cor. 6:17, 18. And He who has brought you out of Egypt and its bondage says to you, "Remember the Sab-bath day to keep it holy. . . . The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Many, no doubt, fail to discern this plain truth concern-ing the will of God, because they are among the "wise and prudent." It is to the "babes" that truths are revealed which the "wise and prudent" fail to discern. Matt. 11: 25. Human "wisdom" and "prudence" can darken the plainest language in which God's will was ever spoken. Pride of opinion is exceedingly strong. This was almost the last thing which the disciples of Christ were willing to surrender, and which darkened their minds 'to the com-prehension of some of his plainest and most important utterances. See Mark 8:31, 32; 9:31, 32. If human  wisdom, human teaching and traditions, were set aside, there would be no disagreement among people respecting the identity of the duty imposed by the fourth command-ment. "IT is certainly a great task to undertake to be at the same time a temporal lord and a religious man, be-cause whoever considers the evangelical laws will see that the pontiffs, while taking the name of the vicar of Christ, have really created a new religion which possesses only the name of Christ; for they command poverty and wish for themselves wealth; they urge humility and themselves follow pride; they demand obedience and will suffer them-selves to be commanded by no one."ŠVettori, secretary to a Catholic cardinal in the time of Leo X. Religion and the State. BY W. A. COLCORD. RELIGION and civil government occupy two separate and distinct realms. Religion pertains to man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. Civil government has to do only with man's duties as a citizen. Religion concerns man's relation to a future state and the world to come. Civil government deals with men only in their civil relations to each other in this present world. Religion has to do with the heart, the spring of ac-tions, and its relation to the individual possessing it. Civil government deals only with outward actions, and their relation to and effect upon others. The object of religion is to regenerate men, and fit,  them for another kingdom, by purifying the heart of each individual. The object of civil government is to protect men in the enjoyment of their natural rights in this life, by re-straining, through fear of temporal punishment, those who would not recognize these rights from any higher motives. Religion works from within. Civil government operates from without. The business of religion is to gather out of thenations subjects for a kingdom where civil governments will not be needed. Civil government became necessary when sin entered the world. Then men became covetous, untruthful, lust-ful, thievish, murderous, and prone to do all evil. They then needed something more than moral restraint, or the fear of God, or even the fear of future punishment, to deter them from encroaching upon the rights of their fel-lowmen. But when man is redeemed, and sin is no more, he will need no such restraints. He will do right because he loves and chooses the right. Even in this world, those 