'If any Man Hear My Words, and Belisve not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." -VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, JANUARY 31, 1895. NUMBER 5.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, Ł CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, WHY is it that now in the last half of the last decade of the nineteenth century the papacy is triumphing over Protestant: ism in the very countries where in the first half of the sixteenth century the Reforma-tion triumphed so gloriously? Why is it? IT is not because there are fewer pro-fessed Protestants now than then. There are a thousand now to one when the protest of the princes was announced. It is not bbnittege are scarcer now than then. There are a thousand Bibles in Germany now where there was one then. It is not because it is more dangerous to read the Bible and practice its precepts now than it was then. Then why is it? THE answer is easy. The German Ref-ormation began in the heart of Martin Luther and so wrought upon his affections that he was willing to sacrifice his position, his honor and his life in order to profess and promulgate its principles. SINCE the Reformation was born and promulgated at the cost of such devo-tion to principle, it follows that if it is to be kept alive and vigorous it will be at the cost of similar devotion to principle. WHAT were the principles underlying the Reformation? Let the historian of the Reformation answer :Š " The reformers and the apostles set up the Word of God as the only light, as they exalt the sacrifice of Christ as the only righteousness. By mingling any author-ity of man with this absolute authority of God, or any human righteousness with this perfect righteousness of Christ, we vitiate both the foundations of Christian-ity." And now we maintain that these princi-ples which were the life of the Reforma-tion have been in effect abandoned by I D'Aubigne's History of the Reformation, Book 9, Chap. 5. popular Protestantism. On this point we quote and indorse the words of Rev. R. Sailliens, Paris, France, in the Missionary Review of the World, for October, 1894. After pointing out the reaction toward Rome in France, Germany, Russia and England, the writer says :Š " In Protestant countries we are afraid the main cause is the weakness and loss of power of the evangelical churches. As they have grown rich and prosperous, the Protestants have forsaken, to a great ex-tent, that puritanic spirit which was the strength of the Reformation. From their primitive simplicity of worship they have come down to elaborate services, beautiful and luxurious buildings which are imita-tions of Roman Catholic mediaeval archi-tecture, and thus have led their sons and daughters to the very threshold of Rome, with which Protestants will never be able to compete, try as they may, for finery, music, and display. Moreover, it is sadly evident that, in Great Britain especially, the work of the Reformation did not go deep enough, and that many Romish er-rorsŠsuch as baptismal regeneration and apostolic succession Šwere left in the prayer-book as seeds for future apostasy. Wherever a notion of a visible universal church is entertained, logic must lead to the Roman Catholic position. " But we believe that the main cause of this reaction toward Rome in Protestant lands lies in the fact that the Bible does not hold in those countries the same place that it did three centuries ago. Then people turned away from the infallibility of a man to the infallible Book; but now the Book is no more deemed infallible; the higher' criticism has submitted it to an ordeal as severe as that of the Inquisition in times past. The Inquisition burned the Bible, but the higher critics are tear-ing it to pieces. And yet there is a crav-ing in the human soul, and especially in the soul which has come into contact with the gospel, for a moral certainty, for a divine, infallible authority. Ł Ł Ł " As I am writing these lines, our daily papers are publishing an encyclical letter of the popeŠhis swan's song, as some sayŠwhich exhibits that wonderful crafti-ness of which I have just spoken. It is an appeal for reunion, specially directed  to the Greek and Anglican churches. Speaking to those nations which have for the last three centuries been separated from the church, the pope shows that there is no certain rule of faith and authority left to them. A large number among them have overthrown the very foundations of Christianity by denying the divinity of Christ and the inspiration of the Scrip-tures.' "Is it not the wonder of wonders that the man who incarnates that awful system by which the Bible has been burned, and its disciples, even to this day, persecuted to death; that system which has estab-lished tradition above the Bible, has con-tradicted every Bible doctrine and tried to silence every Bible preacher, should now dare to stand before the world as the advo-cate of the Bible againstŠthe Protestants ! And yet, it is, alas ! but too true that Prot-estantism to a large extent is no more the religion of the Bible. This accounts for the boldness of Rome, and for her success." After so clearly giving the cause of Roman Catholic triumph in Protestant countries, he points out the one and only remedy, as follows :Š " But how shall we oppose her growing power ? " I am fully convinced by my experience as a missionary for twenty years among my own people, that it will not be by clumsy imitations of her gorgeous display, but rather by a return to the primitive simplicity of worship manifested in 'the upper room. To worship God in spirit and in truth, and not in beautiful temples, the cost of which would support two or three missionaries for a whole lifetime; to invite, and not to exclude, the poor, the sinner, the outcasts, who now find it so difficult, even if they would, to sit in our refined places of worshipŠsuch seems to me the imperative duty put upon us if we do not wish to see the masses go to Rome, which to them appears so much more democratic than ourselves. " I have also a deep conviction that it is only through the BibleŠas the Reformers did Š that we shall withstand popery. Anything, however pious in tone, that helps to destroy the people's faith in' the Bible as an infallible book, works on be-half of Rome. I have no time to dilate on this point, but I beg the readers to - - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 