aE >5 >C >N. aE ae  oi oi 724 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 17, 1898. THE trial of two of the three cases of arrest for Sunday labor at Ford's Store, Md., with the result, is given on page 710. The other caseŠthat of Mr. PlevengerŠwas thrown out of court, on account of the fact that he had not been tried before a justice of the peace, as the others had. Mr. Plevengi=r demanded a jury trial, and his case was allowed to go to the circuit court, which by the judge's statement, had no original jurisdic-tion in such cases, and therefore re-fused to consider it. Ł THE "flag salute" is in evidence again, this time on the Pacific Coast, at Ashland, Ore. The, salute has been made compulsory in the pubilc schools of that place, the result being that four children have been sus-pended for refusing to par-ticipate in it, and more like teases are expected to fol-low. The salute requires that the pupils shall stand and repeat the words, "We give our heads and our hearts to God and our country." As no person can be right-fully compelled to give either his head or his heart to either God or his country, there are some who naturally refuse to com-ply with the demand, and the conse-quence is they are punished by being suspended from the schools. Of course, these individuals are those who adhere most to the dictates of conscience. They are really punished for being conscientious. Parents of these children have ap-pealed to the principal of the schools and to the board of directors for re-lief, but they are told that there is no harm in the salute, and that they are taking an extreme position; also that they ought to be willing to strain their consciences if necessary for the sake of patriotism and disci-pline in the schools. The public schools are established to instruct the children in the rudi-ments of scientific knowledge. With patriotism, or any other sentiment, they have rightfully nothing to do. Every person, whether child or adult, has a right not to be patriotic if he so chooses, and he cannot be mo-lested in this or in the exercise of any other sentiment so long as he does no injury to the rights of others This is true even conceding that the flag salute is an exhibition of true patriotism. But as a matter of fact, it is noth-ing of the kind. True patriotism is spontaneous, never forced. The chil-dren may be taught to repeat cer-tain patriotic phrases, but this is very much like trying to make a pa- triot out of a parrot. Patriots are not made in that way. mm ‚,747‚17.47mme,mmmme, Teach the children to respect the rights of one another and of all peo-ple; and teach them this by respect-ing their own rights. This will de-velop in them the principles of true manliness, and only as these princi-ples are developed can there be any development of the patriotism that is of, real worth to the state. WE greatly appreciate the aid of our friends everywhere who have sent us newspaper clippings giving inter-esting items of news that have fallen under their notice. We have not found room in the paper for all of these, nor time even to acknowledge all of them by personal letter; but  we assure our friends that we:appre-ciate their efforts and interest just as much as though we had told them so individually by a long letter. VERY serious race conflicts are re-ported from Wilmington, N. C., and Greenwood, S. C., resulting in the death of twenty-two men, mostly ne-groes. At the latter place an elec- tion riot precipitated the trouble, a party of negroes going aimed to the polls, with a view of enforcing their right to vote as they pleased; this by the ill advice of one or two white men. The effort to suppress the negro vote in the South, while it may be successful for a time, can never bring any permanent condition of peace, but on the contrary, must re-sult in continual and ever increasing friction. For the negroes haveCa right to vote,Ša right up-held by the Declaration of Independence and the Con-stitutionŠand they are aware of this right, and the more they become uplifted in the social scale by edu-cation, the more intelli-gently and persistently will they contend for their po-litical freedom. Either every movement in the di-rection of intellectual free-dom for these people must be, stopped, or the white people of the South must be preparad for the eventual rise of the colored race to the plane of poli-tical equality. It is very that white peo- ple should prefer people of their own race for public office; but to deny to any people the political rights guar-anteed by the highest law of the land only produces, an unnatural state of things which can but be a constant menace to the peace and prosperity of the State. PERFECT individual self-govern-ment is the condition prerequisite to perfect republican government; and the only government in which this condition has been or will be realized is the government of God. 7,41,  4,  7.7 4 P.Z,4 414 21 7,s7,  1 174 /42 11 Z.  SPECIAL OFFER. 17, F., x4 7,4 7. 1.  1.4 7; j The price of the "Sentinel" is. $1 per year, but the publishers have decided to extend, to every subscriber now on the list an agency for the paper, and receive new subscriptions from them at the reg-ular agent's rate; namely, 15 cents per year. In addition to this, we will date the expiration of the subscriptions January.  1, 1900, thus giving the remaining weeks of this year FREE. 