"IF ANY 1PLIN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE IIZ97 NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 27, 1898. NUMBER 42. CHRISTIAN truth will outweigh secular errors and others of the same class have to be employed to do the worldly follies; but the ballot is no heavier in the scale turning. of the church than in that of the world. THE true purpose of government is the good of the individual, and not its own good -at the expense of the individual. MANY an individual is willing to work earnestly to correct the "public morals" in order to divert his mind from an unpleas_ ant sense of de-ficiency in the state of his own morals. THE church can never con-quer the world with the world's weapons. Ł IT is a very near-sighted Christian w h o mistakes the hall of legislation for the temple of THE cause of righteousness was never pro-moted in the earth by a com-promise with evil. WILL THE CHURCH VOTE OUTWEIGH THE SECULAR VOTE? CAN the church reform society and eliminate The unrighteous features from the Government, through politics? How can she expect to do this, when her political strength is less than one third that of the unrighteous world? Why, in the face of this plain truth, does the church continually seek to set up righteousness in the Government and in society by law? Evidently, the only thing the church can do in this situation is to effect a compromise with the world, as is always done in politics by the weaker party. The world will be willing enough to do this, and to set up an image of right-eousness by incorporating certain religious observances into the law; but like every compromise with the world, it will be a religious delusion. The cause of righteousness cannot be advanced by any com-promise of truth with error, or of light with darkness. THE Chris-tian Church has become very un-balanced when it desires to hold the balance o f power in civil government. RELIGIOUS bigotry makes a man so tired on Sunday that he cannot rest un-I e s 8 everybody else in the neigh-borhood is rest-ing too. THE "Chris- THE legislature which sets out to purge the state or city of sin, has forgotten that evil must be overcome with good, as darkness with light.  tian vote" of this country can never be made available for practical results upon any line of action to which the world does not consent. Pr is not strange that it takes so long to "turn the THE church is the light of the world only while she rascals out" of political office, considering that so many remains above the level of the world. 