290 /rnE AMERICAN SENTINEL. This speech, coming as it did, was more or less of a surprise to all; but to Mr. Crafts and his party it was a "stunner." It instantly crushed to atoms the- whole pet theory which they had so nicely framed, and so pathetically presented in behalf of.  " the poor workingmen who are so cruelly op-pressed by being forced to labor on Sunday ;" and of the Church's gallant effort to liberate them from " the Egyptian bondage of Sunday slavery." Noth-ing could have happened that would Łmore 'clearly expose the perfect hollowness of the plea that is made by the American Sabbath Union, that this Sunday movement is in the interests of the work-ingmen, than did this unpremeditated and wholly unsolicited speech. This was worse for the theory of the American Sunday-law agitator than was the chain-woman's strictures on the Brit- ish bill. The New York Independent truly says of the workingman " that a great deal is asked for in his behalf for which he is not responsible." This is true, as THE SENTINEL has before remarked; and of nothing is it more true than of the demand for Sunday laws made in the name of the workingmen. Although thus constantly making these claims that the laboring people are so anxious for these laws, still the contrary state of affairs has been frequently a mat-ter of complaint on the part of the leaders in the movement. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, who for the past few years has been the leading worker for Sunday legis-lation, after setting forth in his recent work what he deems conclusive evidence of the benefit of compulsory Sunday ob- servance, says :Š Blind to these great facts, a Shoe Lasters' Union in Brooklyn, at the publication of the new Penal Code of New York in 1882, adopted a paper which thus describes the Sabbath laws: " We learn with regret that the churches are joining hands with tyranny and capital for the purpose of suppressing liberty and oppressing the laborer "'Šsentiments representative of many labor organizations, which show that holiday Sundays prevent those who fol-low them from learning the a-b-c of political sci-ence, and keep them in such ignorance of the true meaning of liberty that they mistake its champions for oppressors. Even educated men sometimes make the same blunder from infidel prejudices. John Stuart Mill characterizes " Sabbatarian legislation as an ille-gitimate interference with the rightful liberty of the individual," and with strange intellectual perver-sity affirms that " the only ground on which re-strictions on Sunday amusements can be defended must be that they are religiously wrong. "ŠThe Sabbath for Man, page 226. For the last millenium the world has slowly been learning the lesson that it is better to let individuals manage their private affairs, rather than have the gov-ernment do it for them. Will the lesson ever be learned ? Ł .  THE Emperor of China has published a deCree requiring his subjects to permit their brethren who have embraced Chris-tianity to live in peace, and forbidding all persecution for conscience' sake. The American Sabbath Union, the National Reform Association, the State of Tennes-see, and the Illinois Justice who fined David Longnecker, recently, should make a note of this and go and do likewise. The Chicago Fair on Sunday. THE question whether the World's. Fair at Chicago shall be opened on Sunday is making serious trouble for the managers of the enterprise. They are asked to de-cide it as a question' of moral and religious duty only, and not with reference to the pecuniary profits, of which the Exhibition will be in sore need. The prevailing sentiment of the Protes-tant churches, as expressed in the deliver- ances of their assemblies, conventions, and conferences, is undoubtedly opposed to the Sunday opening. Delegations have been appointed to proceed to, Chicago to protest against it as a violation of the commandment of God, which would out-rage Christians convictions and tend to increase the popular disregard for the sanctity of the Lord's day. Religious papers are exhorting the managers to seek the approval of the Almighty rather than the favor of men, and to show to the whole world the depth and sincerity of their own piety and the piety of this coun-try. When the Independent sought the views of bishops and leading clergymen on the subject, the Protestants were al-Most unanimous in condehming the policy of Sunday opening, and some of the Ro-man Catholics also opposed it as a dan-gerous innovation. This feeling too, seems to be growing under the stimulus of ap-parently concerted efforts for its cultiva-tion, and from this time forward the managers of the Exhibition will feel its pressure steadily..  Meantime, we do not hear of any organ-ized movement on the other side. The only loud appeals which they hear come from those who would shut the gates on the first day of the week without regard to pecuniary loss and without reference to the public convenience. It is God's will, cry the religious enemies of opening, and God must be obeyed. The spiritual gain of obedience, they declare, will far transcend in importance any material profit Which disobedience might bring in. The addition to their expected functions which is thus imposed on the Fair mana-gers is of enormous weight. Besides looking after the secular interests of the Exhibition they are required to settle a controverted question as to the proper observance of Sunday. They must mix up business and religion, theology and finance, when they are at their wits' end to provide ways and means for carrying on the enterprise. Sunday opening would increase their receipts, and yet, much as they will need the money, they are called upon to give it up as a tribute to the relig-ious sentiment of the Union, and as ex-emplars of Christian conduct and cham-pions of a theory of Sunday observance which is rejected by the great majority of the people of Christendom, and of this country also. If the question as to the Sunday opening of the Fair were put to  popular vote, undoubtedly it would be de-cided in the affirmative, in a very em-phatic way. If the gates are opened on 'Sunday more visitors will enter than on any other day of the week. Yet the man-agers are urged to shut them as a relig-ious duty overriding every consideration of profit or public convenience. The re-sponsibility of honoring or dishonoring the commandment of God rests on their shoulders, according to the united declar-ation of Baptist, Methodist, and Presby-terian conventions. The managers of the Chicago Fair are, therefore, in a situation full of difficulty and embarrassment. They are made the arbiters between two great parties in the religious world, and between the majority of the public who want to enjoy Sunday as a day of leisure, and the minority who would treat it as a fast-day, on which all amusement is forbidden by divine com-mand. When the same question came up here in the discussion as to the Sunday opening of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, it was decided contrary to the views of the Sabbatarians, and probably at Chi-cago they will be no more successful, for in principle the two cases are precisely alike. If it is allowable to visit a picture gallery on Sunday, it is proper to look at the collections of a World's Fair.ŠThe (N. Y.) Sun, September 10. Christianity Can Stand Competition. THIS may seem a queer heading for ap. article. And if it were not for the fact that statements are seriously being urged which justify it, it would be quite in place to offer an apology for writing on such a subject; yea, it would be quite improper to write on such a topic at all. We hear of great corporations trying to cut,  off competition so that their business will have no obstacles, and that they may the' more readily heap up massive for-tunes. The world has just been startled at the statement that the Standard Oil Company has about gained the control of the petroleum output of the whole world. If this be true, it will have no competition, and can regulate the price of oil at will. It is always, the aim of worldly enterprises to put down competition so that they may have things largely their own way. But Christianity asks no such favors. The true Christian realizes that his power is not dependent upon men or the favors of human agencies. When his Master commissioned him to represent Heaven, and to stand as a light in the world, he told him that "in the world ye shall have tribulation : but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world." " Beware of men : for they will deliver you 'up to the coun-cils, and they will scourge you in their synagogues; and ye shall be brought be-fore governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony against them and the Gen-tiles," " And ye shall be hated of all men 