APRIL 25, 1895. .A.TVIIEMICAN 134 ever name may best suit the ear, authorized and empowered always and everywhere to in-terpret, apply, and enforce through subservi-ent agencies the supposed will of the "Lord and King." But how is the designation of such a repre-sentative to be secured ? No one will pretend that he would be authoritatively named from on high by the " Lord and King." The ap-pointment or selection must, in some way, come from man, it may be in a great national council, or in a church council, perhaps by a mere majority of votes, securedŠcould it be possible Š through influences so similar to those of the " politician " that the " irrever-ent " and " heretical" could see no difference. And, thus the vicegerent on earth would be selected and installed into authority and power. But the " Lord and King " being one over all the nations of the earth, what more natural and reasonable than that one vicegerent should represent him, interpret his will and enforce his authority over all ? And the " Lord and King " persistently refusing to Make a selection because he says his king-dom is not of this earth, what more natural than that the eleption should be made by such as think it is the proper thingŠsay in a great world's councilŠand what more natural than that the one so chosen should claim, as his right, supreme authority over all nations and indi-viduals and exert it wherever and whenever opportunity offersŠMaking opportunity as rapidly as possible. And what security would there then be against the fate of Bruno, or Servetus, or that of Elder Colcord and Prof. Colcord and other good men who are to-day languishing in jail in Tennessee, because they conscientiously differ from others in a matter of religious belief and practice ? Ye have been looking forward to the prob-." able, the logical results of a proposed plan. Have we been at the same time reading a page of history already made ? Look backward. Read the past, ponder, beware! No religious expression or distinction can have any rightful place in the Constitution of the 'United States, and if it shall ever be placed there, the day will be one of direful import, a day dark with gloomy forebodings of a future whose depths of intolerance, of infamy and outrage, only time can tell in full, though history does give fair warning.ŠMidland ( Mich.) Republican, April 5. A PETITION For the Relief of the Persecuted Under the Sunday Law. [Under the above head ex-Senator Wm. P. Tolley, of Tennessee, has petitioned for the repeal of the Ten-nessee Sunday law. The following are selected para-graphs from the able document. The petitioner is not inspired by a sympathy with the distinctive doctrines of the persecuted seventh-day observers, for near the close of the memorial the petitioner says: "Your pe-titioner is in nowise identified with the religious order from whose ranks all the hapless victims have been taken, is not in sympathy with them in any of the tenets that distinguish them from other denominations, nor is he before you as their apologist or defender."] To the Honorable, the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee: The undersigned, a citizen of Tennessee, takes this occasion to represent to your honor-able body that under the Sunday law of the State, a number of orderly and upright citizens have been prosecuted and incarcerated in the jails of several different counties, some of whom are now languishing in the jail of Rhea County, and that there are quite a number of the good people of the State liable to similar prosecutions and a like deprivation of their liberties, and that all this is to the shame and discredit of the State, as well as injurious in  no slight degree to the material interests of the State; and he therefore humbly prays the repeal of the said Sunday law. One reason alone were sufficient to justify this request, and that is to be found in the unmistakable religious character of the law. It is entitled: " An act more effectually to prevent the profanation of the Lord's day, commonly called the Sabbath ; " and makes the " doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life on the Lord's day, commonly called the Sabbath," an offense to be tried before a justice of the peace; and on conviction the person so offending shall be fined three dollars, one-half to go to the person suing for the same, and the other to the county. ' The language employed in the court opinions sustaining the law also proves clearly and be-yond doubt that the intent and purport of the law are religious, and that it is sustained and upheld only in religious prejudice and bigotry. A sample of judicial phraseology in treating of this law is found in the opinion of the late Chief Justice Deadrick in the cele- brated Parker case. He refers to the dayŠSundayŠas the " Sabbath," and holds that work done on that day is " immoral and of pernicious effect," only because done on the day he chooses to designate the " Sabbath." The religious character of the law being thus clearly established, it may be pertinently asked of this honorable body, Is it within the purview of law and legislation under our sys-tem of government to regulate religious insti-tutions, and to uphold them as such, by civil authority ? If in one particular, why not in others,Šwhy not in all ? The only answer is that to carry such legislation to that extent would be a manifest establishment by law of religion, clearly a union of Church and State. Since, then, the only difference between the two is in degree, it follows that the Sunday law is so much of a State religion. It is purely religious legislation. And that it is clearly without the purview of legitimate leg-islation, and in direct contravention of the constitution of. the Slate, may be seen in the language of the third section of Article 1 of the Bill of Rights, which reads:Š That all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience; that no man can, of right, be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any minister against his con-sent; that no human authority can, in any case what-ever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience ; and that no preference shall ever be given, by law, to any religious establishment or mode of worship. Who that believes Sunday is not the Sabbath of the Bible, and there are many such in this State; or who that believes the law of Christ does away with the Sabbaths and other ordi-nances of the Jewish law, and that there is no distinction of days under the Christian econ-omy, there being many such in the State, can feel that his religious liberties are at all safe or that he can " worship Almighty God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience" under this Sunday `law ? Since many have already been indicted and punished for failing to cherish the regard for Sunday that the civil law prescribes, may not others be ? That it is a disregard of Sunday as a Sabbath or holy day for which they have been punished, there can be no doubt, because the work done on ' that day is pronounced judicially to be " im-moral and pernicious " only because done on the day pronounced to be the Sabbath, and not on account of the character of the work, and the offense named in the law is " doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life," such as are altogether legitimate and commendable on any other day than Sunday. Now, can there be any good reason in the  conception of this honorable assembly why these should be the victims of persecution under a law that can have no other reason for remaining on the statute books but the pro-motion of a peculiar religious tenet or dogma, that has no more call on the support of the civil authority than the question of the mode of baptism, the doctrine of predestination and salvation by grace, or by works or human agency, or than the question of Hon/eons/an or Homoiousian ought to have had in the days of Constantine of Rome; he who decreed the first Sunday law and under whom a union of Church and State was first established, in the fourth century, from which all religious per-secution had its origin and from which more misery has befallen mankind than all other causes combined this side the original fall of man. Indeed, it may be asked in all serious-ness, Why should either the Seventh-day Ad-ventists or the Primitive Baptists, or any other body for that matter, be made the objects of the vengeance of other sects of religionists, as they are and will be under this Sunday law ? As well may the law interpose to settle any other religious dispute as this as to which day must be kept as a Sabbath or holy day of some sort, or whether any. But the issue as thus presented is evaded by the plea that this law does not seek to settle religious disputes or establish a religious institution. It only proposes to regulate men's civil conduct by requiring them to refrain from toil or business one day out of every seven as a necessity to their physical well-being. They must rest that much or they are likely to overwork themselves, their depend-ents and their beasts of burden. The hollow-ness and insincerity of this pretext are exposed in the fact that it would be so easy to require only that on some one day of the seven of his own choosing every citizen should cease from labor and allow all under his control. to do so, and yet Sunday advocates will not have it thus. Somebody might work on their holy. day and their consciences would be disturbed thereby. Some such arrangement as the above could be made and much of the persecution for religious opinion's sake that necessarily ensues from the enforcement of the law as it now stands would be avoided. If, however, physical rest is the end to be obtained, what safer tribunal to settle when and how such a citizen should rest can there be than himself ? If he is capable of regu-lating and controlling any of his private af-fairs, to say nothing of his capability to play a part in the public affairs of his country, indeed the chief part, as the law supposes, for in him resides all sovereignty under our sys-tem, then indeed it may well be left to him to rest only when he chooses. No one else can know so well as to when he is tired and how much rest he requires to refresh himself. Divesting this plea of all religious aspect brings it right down to this point,Što the low level of nosing into the most private and exclusively personal affairs of the citizen, and assuming that he is not capable of regulating them for himself, and hence it must be done by government. The wild, mad scheme of having government to lend money to the in-dividual citizen for purely private purposes was not more paternalistic than this view makes the Sunday law. Under such legisla-tion as this but little of the citizen's individu-ality, his manhood, and his independence of character can be left, such as make him the stay and dependence of all our interests and institutions. The tendency so prevalent of late years to run government in this country into an absolute paternalism ought to be ar-rested. Strike down the individuality of our citizenship and the consciousness of a com-plete mastery over every one's own affairs, and 