634 AMERICAN SENTINEL. tainly not criminal in themselves therefore every citizen bas the right in accordance with the great principle of liberty upon which this nation was founded, to engage in them whenever it may in his judgment contribute most to his own happiness. Another reason given for Sunday laws, which compel a cessation from both labor and amusement, is, the claim of those who regard Sunday as a sacred day, to what they term their "right to an undisturbed use of the -day for worship." The fact that on the day these people believe to be ,sacred other people are engaged in labor or amusements, is not a disturbance of their worship, unless they are dis-turbed when engaged in the act of worshiping; and as all worshiping congregations are protected by law from disturbance upon all days of the week, it follows that their disturbance is only a mental one that comes from seeing others refusing to conform to their views of the Łsacred chaiacter of the day. This reason is not a valid one unless it is recognized that the Government has the right to protect individuals from a religious mental dis-turbance, which comes from seeing others refusing to con-form to their religious belief. Conformity to religious belief was all that was ever asked for by persecuting gov-ernments. Chief Justice Ruffin, of the Supreme Court of North Carolina (State vs. Williams, Iredell, 403), officially ac-knowledges this, thereby proving the truth of this state-ment. He says: "The truth is, that it [Sunday labor or amusements] offends us not so much because it disturbs us in practising for ourselves the religious duties, or en-joying the salutary repose or recreation, of that day, as that it is in itself a breach of God's law, and a viola-tion of the party's own religious duty."ŠAmerican State Papers, p. 61. Moreover, in accordance with the great principle of equal rights, the majority, however large, have no right to claim rights and privileges which they would refuse to the minority; and the fact that they do not recognize that the minority, who keep another day than Sunday as sacred, have any such right as to demand that all the people in the entire State be compelled to cease from both labor and amusements, so that they may not be dis-turbed in their worship upon the day that they believe to be sacred, shows that it is something that they have no right to demand for themselves. Another reason that is given largely for the compul-sory cessation of both labor and amusements on Sunday is "the right of the workingman to his day of rest." There must be laws "to prevent Sunday slavery by pre-venting employers from compelling unwilling employes to labor on Sunday against their will." The fact is, Sunday laws furnish more than the "right of the workingmen to his day of rest," they take away his civil rights by compelling him to rest whether he wants to or not. If the object was simply to furnish a weekly day of rest for the workingman, and to prevent him from being forced to labor every day in the week for  fear of losing his job if he refuses, a simple law would be advocated compelling all employers to give their em-ployes simply a release (not an enforced cessation) from labor, on every seventh day following six days of consec-utive labor. This would accomplish the purpose far more effectually than the present Sunday laws, as it would give a day of rest to that great army of employes who are obliged to labor seven days in the week at works of necessity. Laws that go beyond furnishing the citizen an op-portunity to rest, and that make cessation from labor compulsory, are tyrannical in their character, and are a violation of the great American principle of liberty. The true ground upon which all Sunday legislation rests is not civil, but religious. This is evident to any who will look over the literature upon the subject. The burden of the argument of Sunday law advocates is, that the day is sacred, and therefore ought not to be dese-crated. It will be seen from this that the spirit that supports Sunday legislation is the spirit of intolerance; because its advocates cannot tolerate a course of action in others that is not in conformity with their own idea of how a particular day of the week, which they believe to be sacred, ought to be kept. If it is true, as many claim, that the welfare of the nation depends upon the keeping of Sunday as a sacred day, secured by the power of the state, then the welfare of the nation depends upon an act of intolerance, and the only logic of it is, that other acts of intolerance will be urged upon the nation to further strengthen it; which, indeed, is already being done, and soon we shall be back to the intolerance of the Dark Ages. The true object of the state so far as religion is con-cerned, is to protect all persons in all of their religious observances so far as they do not infringe upon the equal rights of their neighbors, and never to uphold the ob-servance of a religious institution, nor the acknowledge-ment of any re igious doctrine. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 7. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE doctrine of the Catholic Church is that tradition is of higher authority than the written Word of God. This was the position taken, as seen last week, in the Council of Trent, 1545,-63. In studying this question it is important to know the exact position of the Council of Trent in relation to the Catholic Church, and this question of Sunday. The Council of Trent was one of the general or ecu-menical councils of the Catholic Church, of which there have been, from A. D. 325 to this time, but nineteen. From the decision of a general council there can be no appeal. No general council can set aside any doc-trine which has been defined by any previous general council. 