716 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. dollars. In 1899 seven hundred miles .of electric and cable car lines paid no tax whatever on their franchises. In 1874, three years after the Chicago fire, the board of equalization assessed the franchises of two gas companies in Chicago at a half million dollars. In 1899, when the gas trust had almost ex= clusive occupany of hundreds, of miles of streets in Chicago, there was no franchise tax, though the company had informed its stockholders that its franchise was worth fifty million dollars. The Teachers' Federation finds that twenty-three corporations alone in the city of Chicago are escap-ing taxation on franchises, and stocks to the amount of $235,829,000. Only one street-car line in Chicago pays taxes on its franchise, and it is only two or three blocks in length. The other companies own-ing hundreds of miles of street railways pay no tax whatever on their franchises. These corporations are required to fill out blanks and submit them to the board of equalization. In the places were the value of stocks and franchises are required by law to be given they write " Un-known," and this is accepted by the board. In a number of instances it has been found that com-panies making such report have within a few weeks of the time of making the report given to their stock-holders the exact statement of the value of such properties. Speeches were made on this matter by prominent men. One speaker said that " no taxation without representation was the principle of the Revolutionary fathers, but now the tendency seems to be represen-tation without taxation." It was pointed out that those who own the most valuable and paying prop-erties, on which there is scarcely any taxation, are the very ones who have most influence with boards of equalizers and legislatures. The closing speech was made by John L. Spal-ding, Roman Catholic bishop of Peoria, whose word's are always marked by deep thought, and seem in this case to be inspired by the highest considerations of justice and morality. His speech' dealt not so much with the particular matter under consideration, but with the state of affairs from which it springs and of which it is a symptom. He declared that notwithstanding the Łfact that the people of to-day are accustomed to congratulate themselves that the world is getting better than it used to be, and that they can bring statistics to prove it; theŁpower of moral indignation seems to be gradually creeping  away from men. They stand silent in the presence of great wrongs. This he declared to be the sure forerunner of moral death. Greed seems to be in complete control. It is the dominating motive in almost everything. It seems to be more important to have great commercial interests than to sustain manhood and womanhood. Gold is thought to sup-ply every human need. The things that men make are considered of more value than the men them-selves. The truth that happiness and virtue have their springs within and not without, seems to be passing from the minds of men in the mad accurnu-lation of material things. Greed and commercialism are dominating all'the organized institutions of so-ciety. Speaking directly of trusts, he said: " Corpora-tions which use franchises given them by the people to defraud the people are worse than highway rob-bers. By their oppressions they make the condi-tions of human existence almost unendurable to great numbers of people, and drive poor men and poor women into crime. The trusts urge that they act in self-defense. Competition is fierce and their existence depends upon their supremacy. Well, men may fight in self-defense, they may go so far as to kill men in self-defense, but they must not cor-rupt' and debase men in self-defense; and the self-defense of the trust must stop when it comes to cor-rupting and debasing society. It is said that a corporation has no soul. Well, a trust has a soul; it has the soul of a devil, and it goes about seeking whom it may devour. The organized powers of so-ciety seem to be gradually developing into govern-ment of the trust, by the trust, and for the trust more than one of the people, by the people, and for the people. If things continue as they are at present, within fifty or one hundred years there will be a few great corporations, and most of the people will be servants and slaves." The bishop declared that one of the most erro-neous and dangerous ideas that seemed to have at the present time the strong endorsement of public opinion was that legality is justice. "All the great crimes' of history," he declared, " have been legal. The Christian martyrs were executed and the hor-rors of the Inquisition were carried on according to law." J. D. B. "Go to now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you."ŠSt, James. 