MAMA 14, 1895. A_10111_1E-C,11 CAIN gION-rrivEr.4., 85 gospel of Christ instead of calling upon the State to force people into .keeping Sunday, they, too, would realize Paul's experience, for there is just as much power in the gospel to-day as there was in apostolic days, and God is just as ready to manifest his power now as he ever was. So long as the churches are corrupt and seek for other power than that of the Lord Jesus Christ, the members in those churches, who know and see that the power of God is not there, should heed the warning of God, " From such turn away," and seek for the true Church of God, where the power is to be found. To such the Lord says, " Babylon is fallen," and exhorts them in the words, " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Rev. 18 :4. ALFRED MALLETT. THE FAILURE OF THE PULPIT. [Under the above heading the Christian Advocate of New York, a leading Methodist Episcopal Church paper, publishes in its issues of February 14 and 21, the following terrible, but true, arraignment of the ministry of the United States. A more biblical head-ing of this description of the churches' fall would be the words of the seer of Patmos, "Babylon is fallen, is fallen." No one who has read the history of the mak-ing of the papacy in the early centuries will fail to see in this description a delineation of the image of the papal apostasy.] OUR ministry have been dazzled and bewil-dered by the splendor of our unparalleled ma-terial progress. They have shared it and been lifted by it out of the poverty and sacrifice of the fathers, clothed in purple and fine linen, and made to fare sumptuously every day. They have come to glory not ix th,  n'oss, but that in preaching the gospel erly  got beyond all its crucifixions an "first aft= flees, and that henceforth the world ,ut " be saved by our national progress and on 0431.endid ecclesiasti:-cal equipage. All this we have accounted the good time coming, the breaking of the millennium. This is the style of boasting and conceit that has characterized our pulpits for the last twenty years, and now we awakeŠif we do awakeŠto find that our progress has been material and selfishŠprogress toward death. I am not saying that our nation is near its downfall, but I do say we are rapidly hasten-ing in this direction. We need only to make progress. The inevitable tendency of our current economics and politics is to anarchy through tyranny, rebellion, revolution. The ministry, as the heaven-appointed guardians of our nation's morals and life, are first and chiefly responsible. Look along the history of the nations, and tell us when a na-tion has ever reached our condition of moral degradation and peril except through the un-faithfulness of its clergy. The universal his-toric process has been: the clergy have first yielded to the current social and political vices, then embraced them, then led them. It is the business of the ministry, as the prophets of God, to withstand and turn back the tide of popular wickedness, to redeem and save society and nations. Wesley and his coadjutors redeemed and saved England at a time when her wickedness and atheism equaled that of France just before her Revolution and Reign of Terror. Asbury and his coad-jutors redeemed and saved this Republic when, at the close of the Revolution, French infidel-ity and the general wickedness promised to sweep away everything. This failure of our pulpit is the more inex-cusablegrid deplorable because it is failure with' 411.« Ł possible advantage on its side. The ministry n this Republic is the privileged class, enjoying unrestricted liberty, ample  financial support, the highest advantages of all the schools, and having the help of great institutions of learning and a powerful reli-gious press. To this we may add all the great moral and spiritual forces, both human and divine, easily within their reach, and assuring, on the veracity of God, victory to faithful-ness. No other class of men in this nation, or any other, has ever had so many helps and favoring conditions for the easy and success-ful accomplishment of its work as the minis-try of this Republic. And yet a failureŠfailure at the essential vital points. What avail our great conven-tions, great numbers, great and costly churches, great schools, great doctors, great ecclesiasti-cal machineryŠof which we are perpetually making our boast, and with which we delude ourselvesŠwhile we fail in the vital things, those which involve the very life of the peo-ple, of society, of the nation ? The Reason of This Failure. In this inquiry the most obvious thing that presents itself is that our ministry are not aim-ing, first and chiefly and undividedly, at those things which constitute real ministerial success. In some strange way they have been diverted from their heaven-appointed mission. The pulpit has come to be a stepping-stone. In the lower ranks of the ministry it is a stepping-stone to the higher, and in the higher ranks it is a stepping-stone to the high offices of the Church. In the rural districts the average preacher employs his ministry to help him into a city church, and in the city the preacher in the suburbs faces toward the great central churches. I do not stop to note and name the noble exceptionsŠthe godly men who in the suburbs and in the country are doing their work with Christly unworldliness. I state the general deplorable fact, known and read of all men, everywhere recognized, and honored and acted upon in the administration of the ChurchŠthe degradation and shame of the ministry, the curse of the churches. How rare is it that a preacher of the gospel refuses a high ecclesiastical office tendered him! Preaching the gospel is not accounted by us the greatest work in this worldŠthe highest position and honor ever conferred on mortal man. We sometimes write this noble senti-ment and praise it with our lips, but in our hearts and lives we scorn and trample on it. We account a great many things higher than preaching the gospelŠyea, almost any semi-secular office of Church or State that seems to offer higher worldly honor or larger salary. And so we.,,are constantly drawn off, and almost every man seems to have his price. Professorships, lectureships, secretaryships, editorial tripods, agencies, political office, real estate speculations, almost anything and every-thing tempt and draw away the ministry from their heaven-appointed work. To this there are noble exceptions; but this, I repeat, is the drift, the dominating spirit everywhere rec-ognized and honored and acted upon in the high councils and administration of the Church. From these high places this spirit descends through all the lower ranks of the ministry, corrupting the aspirations of our young men, and poisoning the very fountains of ministerial supply. Let us now note how this our lack of undi-vided purpose of the Christly consecration to the great central ends of the ministry Vitiates Our Entire Ministerial Life, And first, our inner spiritual life at all points. We lose faith in gospel preaching and the Christly passion for saving perishing men, and half unconsciously fall into the spirit and methods that help us climb the ladder of ec-clesiastical position and honors, In the same way our studies are vitiated. Instead of the Word and in the Word, its inner spirit and life, Christ, the cross, the pente-cost, we read and study almost everything else Šapologetics, dogmatics, the genuineness, the authenticity, magazines, reviews, the latest book about the Bible, the latest moralizing novel. The literary and scientific syirit, as antagonistic to the spirit of our mission as mammon itself, possesses us, and we come to our pulpits with sermons far away from the spiritual wants and daily lives of people. Toiling, tempted, starving for the bread of life, we give them husks. This is the com-plaint of the people against the pulpit as I hear it on all hands to-day. Thus our preaching is vitiated. The style of preaching that saves perishing men, that the common people hear gladly, that succeeds among the slums, that encounters hand to hand the rum traffic, that rebukes corrupt politicians and corrupt political parties, that steadfastly withstands the popular vices that are steadily creeping into our wealthy churches, is not the style that helps us into the wealthy churches, the doctorates, and the high offices. So our preaching becomes careful and timid, without moral earnestness and without power. In the same spirit lecturing is largely taking the place of 'preaching the gospel. Some of our ablest and best menŠmen occupying high positions in the Church, not only in the pas-torate, but official positions conferred by elec-tion of the General Conference; men of the highest intellectual and scholastic endow-ments; men that might be flaming heralds of the cross, so proclaiming the gospel message as to reach and convert the masses in the high and low places of the nationŠseem to expend more study and strength and time and travel on lecturing than on preaching the gospel. This is most damagingŠdamaging to those great and good men themselves in ways they do not seem to understand; dam-aging in its influence upon the lower ranks of the ministry and the churches. I can but look on with sadness when I see one of these men descend from his high calling to the lec-turer's platform, and standing there in the awful presence of two or three hundred un-saved young men and women, give off for an hour a Christless, gospelless lecture, employing the lecturer's tricks to call forth clapping. 0 for some Whitefields and President Finneys to call us back to gospel preaching, and show us how to save the people, the churches, the nation! A lack of an undivided, all-engrossing pur-pose insures failure in any department of sec-ular businessŠhow much more inevitably in this the greatest, most sacred, most difficult of all work, the preaching of the gospel ? How certainly will mixed motives, a tinge of worldliness of which we ourselves are scarcely conscious, quench the Spirit, dwarf our Chris-tian graces, weaken our grip on the divine forces, break our.  power with God and men, and make our failure certain. And thus we fail. What is the conclusion of the whole matter? " Repent ye therefore, and be converted." " Except ye be converted," said Christ to his place-seeking, half-consecrated apostles. Our present spirit of divided, semi-worldly motives and aims will never save this world. We shall have here and there some revivals, some local partial successes, but we shall see no great general outpouring from on high, no move-ment all along the lines, such as will make some appreciable impression upon the gigantic fores of the wickedness of this world and its millions of unsaved populations, without a thorough regeneration 'of the ministry. Let us through crucifixion with Christ break from the semi-worldly drift that is bearing us away. 