AMERICAN SENTINEL. 89 he should send for him. The matter is being talked of everywhere and public sentiment is very much opposed to the action of the court. We are trusting in the Lord, and shall stand firm for the truth no matter what comes. "Yours, "D. IVICLAFFERTY." - Majesty of the Sunday Law Upheld. THE WRITER OF AN ANONYMOUS LETTER CAUSES THE ARREST OF A MAN FOR SELLING A SHOESTRING. "New York Press," January SO. Nov since the day that "Praise" Alden caused the arrest of Mrs. Gale in Salem Town for running with un-seemly haste on the Sabbath day has there been a more zealous performance of duty than that of Detective Churchill of the East 126th Street Police Station, who yesterday brought before the bar of Magistrate Crane's Court Alexander Krein of No. 2186 Fifth Ave. Churchill is a valiant, wide awake officer of the law. . . . So when he received an anonymous letter inform-ing him that the Sunday law was being violated by Alex-ander Krein it did not take him two hours to make up his mind. Without assuming any disguise or even arming him-self, he went to Krein's little fancy goods shop yesterday and walked in as unconcernedly as though about to pay a social call. "Good morning," he said, pleasantly, to the proprie-tor. "Feels like winter, doesn't it?" "Yes," said Krein, "it is a cold day, sure enough. Wouldn't be surprised if we had a little snow." Churchill's mind was working with lightning-like rap-idity. His keen eye had taken in the contents of the show case at a glance. He noted the inflection of Krein's tone and marked. the hidden meaning in the veiled wish Ł for a little snow. "Have you any shoe laces?" he asked, carelessly. The great Vidocq himself could not have been more nonchalant. It was an admirable bit of acting. "Yes," said Krein, "I have shoe laces." "Let me have a pair," he said, as he threw a nickel on the counter. "Wrap them up, please." The shoe laces were taken from the case, made into a compact little package and handed over. As the detec-tive grasped them his manner changed. In an instant he was transformed from the innocent purchaser to the agent of the law. "You are my prisoner," he said, with the air of authority that was his alter ego. "Come!" Krein was arraigned in the Harlem Court, charged with selling a pair of shoestrings on the seventh day of the week, commonly called Sunday. He was discharged. Churchill was told that he had no right to pay atten-tion to anonymous letters. Crusade Against Sunday Theaters in Tacoma, Washington. THE W . C. T. U. of Tacoma, Washington, have started a crusade in that city against Sunday theaters, from which much discussion of the subject has followed among the residents, with the arrest of the manager of one of the theaters, on complaint made by a representa-tive of the Union. The law of the State prohibits the opening of theaters on Sundays. To get evidence against the theatrical managers, two W. C. T. U. women attended some of the Sunday evening plays. One of these plays was "so vile and disgraceful we could hardly bear to stay to the finish," and another was so bad that they left after the first act. And because such is the character of the exhibitions, the W. C. T. U. of Tacoma demand that the theaters of that city be closedŠon Sundays. The good women of this noble organization doubt-less do not mean to sanction and uphold the institution of which they speak in such terms. But have they con-sidered that they are virtually doing just this when they attack the theaters with a Sunday law? The Sunday law forbids the running of the theaters on Sunday; and by that very token it sanctions them on the other six days of the week. And sanctioning them thus, it establishes them on those six days by law. Have the opponents of the Sunday theaters considered this? Are the purity-loving women of this Christian Tem-perance Union really willing to endorse and support, six-sevenths of all the time, exhibitions which they them-selves characterize as too disgraceful to be endured by decent people? So long as no law touches the matter, the theater stands simply on its own merits; and if it has no merits to stand on, it is manifestly at a disadvantage because of the opposing sentiment of right-minded people. But when a law is passed prohibiting the theater on Sunday, by that same law it is sanctioned on all other days of the week; from this conclusion logic affords no possible es-cape. And by observing that law, the theater becomes a law-abiding institution, and as such can claim the pro-tection of the law. And what is this short of its actual establishment by law? The same argument, of course, applies to the liquor saloon. It must be admitted, if there is any force in logic, either that the objections raised against the Sunday theater really call for the abolition of the theater on all days, or that the real purpose of such objections is the exaltation of Sunday as a day separated from other days of the week on religious grounds. THE church has never gained aught by persecution. It may compel lip service, but cannot drive love and re-spect into the hearts of men with a maul. A. just and 