AMERICAN SENTINEL. 2T is entirely too prevalent for either the public good or the good of those who enjoy it. It is the kind of prosperity that is manifested in the following account of a reception given in this city on Christmas night for the two dogs named. to four other dogs:,-- " The guests of Pet and Trix [these " guests " were the four other dogs] had a supper of candy, cakes and ice cream, served to them by beautiful women in evening dress. The guests of Pet and Trix drank crystal water from saucers of Sevres and Limoges. They were enter-tained with quadrilles danced by women only, to the music of a chorus of women. Canary birds in a cage en-livened the evening's harmony with their prettiest trills. The old parrot whom Pet and Trix have been taught to regard with reverence said nothing insolent or even friv-olous. The guests of Pet and Trix went home with new rib-bons and boquets of violets. They were invited to come again on New Year's night." Mr. Phelps and others may cry out all they please against " class-hatred" and against the growing " con-test between classes which draws the line horizontal; " but so long as such things as this are carried on while multitudes are h want for the necessaries of plainest liv-ing, they will cry out in vain. The AMERICAN SENTINEL has no part in this contest of the classes. We have nothing to do with those who on either side would do aught to excite class-hatred. At the same time, it is but just to remark that the people who engage in such scenes as this dog reception, do more in a single night to excite class-hatred and urge on such a contest as Mr. Phelps deprecates, than anybody else could possibly do in months of agitation. We deprecate class-hatred and class-contest as much as Mr. 'Phelps or anybody else can. Yet at the same time we know that practically it is absolutely useless to deprecate it, or to cry out against it, so long as these practices prevail, which can only the more excite it. Mr. Phelps says'  hat if prosperity returns the contest of classes through which the country has passed will not be renewed. At the same time he observes truly enough that the prosperity that was promised and which san-.cruine men looked for has not come. There can be no doubt that those on the losing side in' the late contest are even now as quiet as they are, in hope of the prosper-ity that was so abundantly promised, provided the elec-tion should go as it really did. If that prosperity is not realized, or if times should grow worse, the danger is that when they again enter upon the contest they will do so with the determination to have what they want, prom-ises or no promises, and if prosperity does not come they will bring it. And when that contest does come again, as Mr. Phelps well says, " God only knows what will be the result of it under these circumstances." If the idle rich could pause in their senseless extrava-gance only long enough to read a few pages of the last days of the republic of Rome, or of the "ancient regime"  immediately preceding the French Revolution, surely they could not fail to see that they are dancing on a vol- cano. Human nature will have to be changed before they can carry on those practices without exciting and deep-ening, class-hatred. "Can we forestall ruin by reform? If we wait to be forced by events, we shall be astounded to find how much more radical they arethan our utopias. Louis XVI. waited until 1793, and gave his head and all his investituers to the people who in 1789 only asked to sit at his feet and speak their mind. Unless we reform of our own free will, nature will reform us by force, as nature does. Our evil courses have already gone too far in pro-ducing misery, plagues, hatreds, national enervation." As for us we know that by the gospel of Jesus Christ, by the power of the word of God, human nature can be changed. To this end we propose to work. Instead of attempting to allay class-hatred by crying out against it, when every day's practices of the idle rich only tend to create and deepen it, we hope so to present the truth of God that men will believe on him to everlasting life; to the destruction of all hatreds, all animosities, all selfish ambitions, all discontents; and to the patient waiting for his Son from heaven. This is the only right remedy. We wish all would apply it. -. 41.---4 " National Conscience." Chicago Dispatch, Dec. 18, 1896 REV. DR. C. A. BLANCHARD, a college president and a man of unquestionable ability, undertook to prove in an address at Willard Hall yesterday afternoon that the "national conscience," whatever that may be, needs quickening by legislative enactment. The gentleman took his stand in favor of fastening the ship of State to the ship of Zion, and having it towed to the port of its manifest destiny by the Captain of our salvation. He differed radically from the views recently set forth in a Dispatch editorial on Christian citizenship. We would like to ask the doctor how he and his fol-lowers expect to arrive at the "national conscience." Metaphysicians generally agree that conscience is the monitor that approves of what is right, or is thought to be right, and disapproves of what is wrong, or is thought to be wrong, in the individual life. But one system of philosophy may be opposed to another, and yet the schoolmen of each be honest and sincere. The reply that Christianity universally recognizes the Christ and his divinity is no argument in favor of making him the law-giver through God's, revealed word. The question would arise : Whose Christ is to be enthroned? The Arminians' ? Presbyterians would object to this, for those who accept the Westminster confession cannot reconcile creative omnipotence with absolute free moral agency in man. And Arminians would object to the Christ of Calvin, and both schools would sacrifice blood, if need be, to keep the Christ of Leo XIII. out of our organic law. The irrepressible conflict between, doctrinaires proves the utter impracticability and impossibility of the Bible becoming an organic law. 