370 AMEIMalt CAN' Sib:N-11011N   MIL, VoL. 9. Xo. 47. follow this effort within a reasonable time send a com-mittee of two of your members that they may make another and similar effort. Success will often crown the first or second effort, but if not, and you are con-vinced that other and more effective measures must be resorted to, make formal and definite complaint to the proper civil officer, requesting him to perform his duty as prescribed in the law and in his oath of office. 4th. If the said official refuse or fail to perform his duty, make complaint in writing to his superior in office. 5th. If all this results in disappointment and fail-ure, one of two things remains, either secure the im-peachment of the delinquent official and his conse-quent removal; or institute process in law against the violator, if he still continues the offense; remember-ing that information must be made within seventy-two hours after the offense is committed. 6th. Through the pastors of the churches secure the appointment of one Lord's day annually, when a sermon on the question of the Sabbath shall be preached from every pulpit. 7th. See to it that a representative delegation at-tend every County or State Sabbath Convention. PENNSYLVANIA SABBATH ASSOCIATION, J. H. LEIPER, Field Secretary. There are at least seven fundamental points of similarity between the two in-quisitions. 1. The papal Inquisition claimed the right to decide who were heretics. This modern Inquisition claims the same right. They declare the church dogma, " the first day is the Sabbath," to be orthodoxy, and the Bible doctrine, " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," to be heresy. They declare that the old puritanic method of Sunday-keeping is orthodox, and that visiting parks, and excursions into the country, on Sunday are heterodox. 2. The mediseval Inquisition believed civil government to be a " divine institu-tion" for the punishing of those whom the church pronounced heretics. This modern Inquisition makes the same claim. 3. The old inquisitors believed that heresy hunting was a department of that work to whom their Lord and Master had called them. These new inquisitors make the same declaration in their " Suggestions to Sabbath Defense Committees." 4. The old inquisitors imprisoned, tor-tured, and burned heretics "in his name," and in their interpretation of " the spirit of his gospel." These " Sabbath Asso-ciation " inquisitors are instructed to " undertake the work " of fining and imprisoning little hungry newsboys and old confectionary women who have been pronounced heretics because they follow their ordinary means of obtaining a liveli-hood on Sunday, "in his name" and in their interpretation, of the spirit of his gospel. But this interpretation of the spirit of his gospel, is satanic, and is identical with the interpretation given to the gospel of Christ by James and John when they wanted to punish the heretical Samari-tans with fire. Jesus said to the would-be inquisitors of his day, and to their suc-cessors, both mediaeval and modern, "Ye known not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to de-stroy men's lives, but to save them." 5. The papal Inquisition was organized for the purpose of enforcing laws against heretics. This Protestant Inquisition was organized for the same purpose. That Sunday laws in general, and the Pennsyl-vania Sunday law in particular, are laws against heresy is admitted by these mod-ern inquisitors. The following is an ex-tract from a " Sabbath Association " his-tory 6  of the Pennsylvania Sunday law, copies of which were distributed at the Williamsport convention at the same time 2  Luke 9: 55, 56. " Legislative and Judicial Opinions on the Observance of the Lord's Day, Commonly.  Called Sunday," (Leaflet.) Phil. adelphla Sabbath Association, 1224 Chestnat Street. as the " Suggestions to Sabbath Defense Committees : 'Š When our ancestors [Presbyterians] came to Penn-sylvania there was then in existence the statute of 29 Charles II., enacted in 1676, "forbidding worldly labor on the Lord's day or any part thereof." The provincial assembly of Pennsylvania, at different times, enacted laws to the same effect as that of Charles II. After the Revolution, acts were passed for the observance of the Lord's clay, commonly called Sunday, and the one now in force was passed the 22nd of April, 1794. And now that the reader may see that the statute of 29 Charles II.Šwhich the "Sabbath Association" admits is the grandfather of the Sunday law of 1794,Šis a statute against heresy enacted at a time when Church and State were united and when heretics were compelled to at-tend church, we print the statute below :Š For the better observation and keeping holy the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, and by and with the advice and consent of the lords, spiritual and tem-poral, and of the commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that all the laws enacted and in force concerning the observa-tion of the day, and repairing to the Church thereon, be carefully put in execution ; and that all and every person and persons whatsoever shall upon every Lord's day apply themselves to the observation of the same, by exercising themselves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and privately; and that no tradesman, artificer, workman, laborer, or other person whatsoever, shall do or exercise any worldly labor or business or work of their ordinary callings upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof (works of necessity and charity only excepted), and that every person being of the age of fourteen years or upwards offending in the premises shall, for every such offense, forfeit the sum of five shillings; and that no person or persons whatsoever shall publicly cry, show forth, or expose for sale any wares, merchandise, fruit, herbs, goods, or chattels whatsoever, upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof, upon pain that every person so offending shall forfeit the same goods so cried or showed forth or exposed for sale.4  Thus it is seen that the law of 1794, which is an admitted grandson of the law of Charles IL, is a relic of the laws against heresy, enacted by a government in which Church and State were united and where heretics were forced by law to attend the services of the State Church. And these modern inquisitors, in attempt- ing to enforce the Sunday law of 1794, are attempting to enforce a heresy suppressing relic of the State Church period of more than two centuries ago. 6. The medieval Inquisition was made necessary because the civil authorities were more Christian than the ecclesiastics and desired to repeal the laws against heretics or allow them by disuse to become a dead letter. This modern In-quisition is made necessary because the civil authorities are more humane than these inquisitors, and desire to repeal the Sunday law relics of State Church intol-erance, or desire to permit them to remain a dead letter. 7. The Inquisition of the 16th century attempted to compel civil magistrates to enforce the laws against heresy, and in-flicted the terrible penalty of " excom-munication" in case of failure. The In-quisition of the 19th century attempts to compel civil officials to enforce th3 Sunday law against heretics, and when they re-fuse the inquiSitors are instructed to inflict their penalty, the "impeachment of the delinquent official and his consequent removal. And if this fails, when the offending official is again a candidate for office, an attempt is made to "knife him at the polls " by the organization of a political church boycott, as was done in the case of Senator Lyon, of Pennsyl- "Revised Statutes of England from 1235-1685, A. D." (,London, 1870.) Pages 779, 780. vania, in the recent campaign which re-sulted in his election to the office of lieutenant-governor. Other points of similarity between the papal Inquisition and this modern image of it might be mentioned, but they are not necessary. The one is so complete an image of the other that the Pennsylvania Grit, a paper of large circulation and in-fluence, published at Williamsport, Pa., under liberal Roman Catholic manage-ment, contained, in its issue following the Sunday-law convention, the cartoon which appears on our first page. It would be expected that a well-read Roman Catholic would be able to discern in this "gospel of force" movement a counterpart of the Inquisition of mediaeval days. This the editor does, and labels the movement, rep-resented in the cartoon by its secretary, as the "modern Inquisition." This is just what it is. It is an image of that engine of tyranny by which the papacy perse-cuted and put to death thousands of martyrs who refused to worship that beast of cruelty by obeying its laws against heresy, and who chose to obey Gou rather than man. And now that this modern Inquisition, made in the image of that cruel power, attempts to compel all men to worship it and its prototype the papacy, by compel-ling obedience to its laws enforcing the observance of Sunday, the mark of papal power, let all men refuse to submit to its intolerant decrees. Let no man think that in thus refusing he is fighting against either God or good government. For that God who says the " seventh day is the Sabbath," says also, " If any man worship the beast and his image, and re-ceive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God; " 6  and of those who refuse to submit and wear the badge of Rome, and who choose to keep the Sabbath of the Lord and suffer as the martyrs of old, he says in the same connection : " Here are they that keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus."' Choose ye this day whom ye will serve. The Puritan Sabbath For "Physical Rest."* IN the agitation in behalf of Sunday laws that its advocates are carrying on all over the land, they seek to cover up the religious character of Sunday and of the legislation by the plea that " one-seventh part of time [that is, one whole day in seven, which must be Sunday] is neces-sary for physical rest" in order that men may "recuperate their wasted energies" 6  Lieutenant-Governor elect Walter Lyons by his opposition to the Allegheny County (Pa.) Sunday law which has a special penalty of $25Š while the Sunday law of the other counties of the State have a $4 penaltyŠincurred the wrath of this modern Inquisition and a church boycott was organized to defeat his election. The following are quotations from a cjrcular issued for that purpose:Š "TO THE VOTERS OF PENNSYLVANIA. "SENATOR LYON'S RECORD ON THE SABBATH LAW. " We wish to call the attention of the voters of this State to the fact that Walter Lyon, of Allegheny County, who is now-a candidate on the Republican ticket of Pennsylvania for the office of lieutenant-governor, is the same Mr. Lyon who took such active part in the last legislature to have the Sunday law of Allegheny County repealed. . . . "Mr. Lyon's actions and votes on the Sabbath question are an admonition to all law-abiding citizens and friends of good government that he is not the proper man to be elevated to the office he aspires to fill. November 6th will be an opportune time for the friends of the American Sabbath in this State to show their disapproval of his conduct by dropping his name from the ballot, even if they do not substitute another name in its place. It would be well for the friends of the American Sabbath in this State to have this paper circulated through the medium of the local press and otherwise "PENN'A SABBATH ASSOCIATION." Rev. 14, 9, 10. 7  Rev. 14:12. * Religious Liberty Library, No. 26, by A. T. Jones. 12 pp. Price IN cents, 