Tnn AMEFTCAN SEN'PrrtŁTEL. 323 The proposed constitution of Idaho will, therefore, more nearly represent public opinion_than the terri-torial law that has hitherto prevailed. The people of this' country demand the suppression of polygamy, bat-against Mormonism as a religious system they are no more disposed to proceed than against Roman-ism, or Mohammedanism, or Judaism." We:have no fault to find with this sentiment. Polygamy ought to be prohibited, not because it is immoral, but because in its very nature it is uncivil ;-it cannot be practiced without encroach-ing upon the civil rights of others, than the ones engaging in it; it bitterly wrongs innocent chil-dren and well-nigh helpless women ; it concerns the relations of man to his fellows and is there.-fore a proper subject of civil law. But when the Examiner intimates, as it does in the paragraphs quoted, and, as it has more recently said that,Š "The;principle of religious liberty requires only one thing: That all religious beliefs should be placed on an equality before the law, so that no one should be either favored or punished because of his opinions, whether privately held or publicly expressed, so that in their, public expression breaches of the peace are .not provoked." 'It simply draws the line in the wrong place. the principle of religious liberty -requires that the civil.law shall leave'all perfectly free sa far as their duties to God are concerned. The civil law may, according to the words of our Saviour iii 3iatt. 22; 21, require all to render to Caesar (civil government) the things which arp Caesar's, but it should also leave all free to render unto God the thino's that are God's. Romanizing the Public Schools. = Rtv. J. R. KENDRICK, D. D., has a very strong article in the Forum, strenuously opposing any Concession whatever toward dividing the public-School money and allowing Roman Catholics, or any other sects, any share to be used for sectarian purposes. He cites the case of Poughkeepsie, N. Y., where an arrangement was made, several.  Years since, whereby, in certain school-houses, the Roman Catholic's are allowed to give religious in-struction out of regular school hours; and then toltew these comments :Š There is one, obvious test by which to try the Poughkeepsie plan. Is' it suitable for general adoption? , Is it a good working and workable theory for the country at large? Suppose the Jews— or' the Methodists, or the Episcopalians of any cOmMunity, were to erect and equip school buildings; and say to educational boards, " We offer you these on the simple condition that when you do not want them for your own special pur-poses we may use them as we please, reserving in particular the right in other than school hours to instruct all comers in our peculiar tenets," what would be the result? Clearly, sectarian schools-supported by the State; or, if not exactly the8e; ecclesiastical establishments engaged in sec-tarian propagandism maintained from the public treasury. Suppose a society of Comtists should do the same thing, only stipulating for the priv-ilege of making their edifice a temple for the re-ligion of humanity, would not the State, in accept-ing the offer, contribute direct aid and comfort to this class:  of philosophers? The tendency of the Poughkeepsie policy, if not its sure effect, would bete gather children in schools according to de-nominational affinitieS;'aial thug virtually estab-lish the sectarian lines of division, Łwhich it is jai-portant to efface. Oil the whole, it seems-to me that this inno7. ent4Ooking poughlteepsie is a veritable  Trojan horse. By its provisions, or almost neces-sary implications, Roman Catholics adroitly ob-tain what they clamor forŠState support for sectarian education. This concession, however disguised and by whatever specious advantages recommended, would in the end prove fatal to our American public-school system.ŠCongrega-tionalist. An Un-American Movement. TRosE well-meaning but narrow-minded people who are always troubling themselves by an undue interference with the business of their neighbors, are particularly active in the city at the present time. The point on which they are now expend-ing their surplus energies is a Sunday law. It was very plainly demonstrated in 1882 that Cal-ifornia does not want a Sunday law. The De-mocracy at that time swept the State on an anti-Sunday law platform, and rolled up a majority of tremendous proportions for General Stoneman. In a series of resolutions passed last night, it is said that the lack of such a law is a shame to this State, and it is remarked that France is the only other State in the civilized world where no such law is in force. The position of California in this respect may be unique in this Federation of States; but if so then we are uniquely Ameri-can. No principle is more broadly and solidly laid down by the founders of this government than the one which sought forever to decree an absolute divorce between Church and State. The principle carried out to its fairly logical re-sults would forbid the passage of any law in re-gard to Sunday, beyond such provisions as will guarantee to all men the right to worship as they see fit; and that guaraiffee includes the right not to worship at all. This is the whole of the American principle in relation to religion. A dozen volumes of comment will add nothing to that simple statement, and no amount of argil.: ment will do away with one iota of the force of this germinal idea. The work of Christianity by all the teachings of its founder, and by all the explications of its apostles, is a purely moral one. The church 's work is upon the inside of 'a man, and must be done in his heart. The appeal to civil powers to aid in this has always proved to be the most fatal weakness of the churches. It is the appeal to the sword, which, Christ said, must prove fatal to him that makes it. It makes the kingdom to It of this world. As to France, any American State may well be proud of being found in line with that pro-gressive nation. France has always been the fec-und mother of broad, of advanced, of humane principles. She is the only prominent State in Europe which has yet thrown off all sorts of Old World notions, of ties that fetter the human mind, heart, and conscience, and that, like our own great republic, proclainsks the sovereignty of manhood as the sole basis of right to rule in human affairs. The divine rights of kings, the guarded privileges of birth, and other un-American ideas that are supreme in all European States, are dead and buried in France. Shall we go back to these? shall we undo the noble deeds of the fathers? shall we roll the centuries backward and align our laws with those of Russia and Austria because it is a shame to be in line with France ? Well, hardly! In the interest of religion, as the best thing for the churches, as the surest stay for the existence of the Christian Sunday, we say in all kindness  and sincerity to these well-meaning but erring enthusiasts, Mind your own business. Attend duly to your own religious duties. Enjoy in peace your Sunday rest and other privileges. Trust to the good example of your lives, to the logic of your cause, to the power of the omnipo-tent God, to draw erring men to your side. Avoid all semblance of coercion or worldly influence to do this work. Let the people you think to be wrong spend their Sundays as they think best, if,  you wish to be unmolested in your rights. It is too late in the day to carry out your plans, and America has not the soil where your ideas will Ł germinate and grow. Be content to be secure in your own rights, and give others the same rights as you enjoy.ŠLos Angeles Herald. The Christian Statesman in Favor of Church and State Union. IN the Christian Statesman of August 29 the AMERICAN SENTINEL is described as chronically,  unfair, in that it charges the National Reform Association with working for a union of Church and State. There are two noticeable things in con-nection with this controversy. The first is that the Statesman has never yet attempted to prove that it is not in favor of Church and State; it simply denies the charges. This would be all that is required, if our charges consisted simply of assertions; but when we cite facts, and make arguments, and draw conclusions, to show that it is in favor of Church and State union, they have never yet attempted to show the fallacy of one of the arguments, or to disprove one of the con-clusions. And the other noticeable thing is that the Statesman scarcely ever makes a denial of its desire for Church and State union without in that same denial furnishing proof that it is desir-ous of such a union. In this very article it says:Š " We hold as strenuously as do our opponents to the absolute separation and independence, of Church and State, but we also hold, with Professor beiber, that the theory of American institutions requires the total separation of the State from the ChurchŠnot from religion." As Dr. Edwards said in the New York con-vention, they believe in a union of religion and State, but not in Church and State. Now if that were true, it would seem to be proof that they do not believe in religion in the church; and' surely that admission must be worse than the other; for a church without religion is a deplor- able thing. We are, however, convinced that the National Reformers do not believe in religion in the church, from the very fact that they be-lieve in religion and the State, that is, in making the State the Church; for when this is done there will be no religion in itŠonly an empty shell. But on the first page of the same paper, the Statesman, shows in an editorial that it is the champion of the union of Church and State. It notes the call for the annual congress of the American 'Secular Union for 1889, and publishes a statement of the object of that union, which object is to secure the total separation of Church and State. After Ł quoting this declaration of principles, the Statesman says :Š " We cheerfully and zealously assist in giving pub-licity to this call. Nothing could give the American people a clearer view of the pending situation than these frank, logical, and comprehensive demands of the American Secular Union." The Statesman recognizes itself as the direct antagonist of the object of the American Secular Union; we do not say the antagonist of the infi- ' 