THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 47 the material of which the `car' is composed. Its wheels and axles, its panels and arches, its furniture and adornments, are the names of men." The "names of men!" Yes, that is true, and a goodly number of those names are the names of dead men ; others are the names of men . who are decidedly opposed to the whole Na-tional Reform movement; others are the names of men who are not in the United States at all, and do not belong to the United States; others are names of men as living in certain places, while those men are not only not in those, places but are not known there at all. Yes, sir, Mr. McConnell, that is a happy hit that you make, in saying that these were the names of men. We personally know that what we have here said is true. We know that the National Reform Associa-tion's Executive Committee in its very latest published list of vice-presidents has printed the names of men who have been dead for years. ' Then Mr. McConnell makes great ado, be- cause we confessed his destructive express to be a Satanic car. To this we have just a word to say. Doctor .Philip Schaff says:Š "Secular power has proved a Satanic gift to the church."ŠChurch and State in the United States, page 11, Now secular power is precisely what the National Reform Association proposes to give to the church; therefore the National Reform Association proposes to make a Satanic gift to the church. And as Mr. McConnell proposes that this Satanic gift shall be in the form of an express car upon - which the church shall ride in her course of tyranny and destruction, then it is demon-strated. by Doctor Schaff's sound principle, and by Mr. McConnell's sounding proposition, that that car is a Satanic car. A. T. J. National Reform in the Public Schools. IT will be remembered that last summer the Saratoga National Reform Convention announced its willingness to put the Catho-lic Bible, Catholic instruction, and Catholic worship, into the public schools wherever the Catholics are in the majority, if the Catholics would help the Protestants to put the Bible and religious instruction and worship in the public schools. It will also be remembered that the convention commissioned Secretary T. P. Stevenson to secure if possible the co-operation of the Roman Catholic authorities upon this basis. We showed at the time that if the Romish Church should accept this proposition, and the scheme should carry, it would. at once place the public schools of ten States and four Territories bodily in the hands of the Catholic Church. We showed that two of these States are Minnesota and Wisconsin. The following from a late num-ber of the New York Evening Post shows that in those States Rome is pushing the matter on her own account :Š "The Roman Catholics of the Northwest appear to be making a‚carefully plaimod war  upon the public-school system, and they are meeting with enough success in isolated cases to arouse general interest in the question. In one district in the town of Barton, Wis., the Catholics rallied in force at the annual meet-ing last year, and carried a resolution that no public school should be maintained during the year; and none was held. This year the con-test was renewed, but the Catholics took ad-vantage of the new law giving women the right to vote at school elections, to bring out all their women, and carried the same resolu-tion again. At Melrose, Minn., the Catholic priests engineered a movement to shorten the school year of the public schools, in order to compel children to attend a parochial school. Throughout Sterans County, Minn., the Ro-man Catechism is said to be taught openly in the public schools, and either the opening or the closing hours of the session are devoted to religious instruc-tion given by the priest, all this being in direct violation of the State constitution, and espe-cially of an amendment adopted in 1877, to meet this very condition. Most of this work has been done so quietly as not to attract wide attention, but the evidences of a deter-mined assault upon the public-school system are now so clear that its friends are becoming aroused to the necessity of action." This piece of news will doubtless greatly encourage Mr. Stevenson and his constituents. And, at the same time, it ought to arouse every lover of American institutionsŠevery lover of civil and religious libertyŠto the most vigilant watchfulness in every State in the Union. But will it? OUR GENERAL AGENTS. AlabamaŠC. W. Olds, 1523 Eighth Ave., Birmingham, Ala. AustraliaŠEcho Publishing House, North Fitzroy, Victoria. Canada Tract SocietyŠMrs. R. S. Owen, South Stukely, P. Q. Colorado Tract SocietyŠMrs. G. W. Green, Sec., 812 Nineteenth Ave., Denver, Col. Dakota Tract SocietyŠA. H. Beaumont, Sec., Vilas, Miner Co., Dakota. EnglandŠS. N. Haskell, 48 Paternoster Row, London, E. C. FloridaŠLysle Reynolds, Sorrento, Orange Co., Fla. GeorgiaŠCharles F. Curtis, 229 South Pryor St., Atlanta, Ga. Hawaiian IslandsŠInternational Tract So., Honolulu, H. I. Illinois Tract SocietyŠF. T. Poole, 3514 Vernon Ave., Chicago. Indiana Tract SocietyŠJohn Moore, Sec., 175 Central Ave., Indianapolis, Ind, Iowa Tract SocietyŠLeroy T. Nicola, Sec., 603 East Twelfth St., Des Moines, Iowa. Kansas Tract SocietyŠL. Dyo Chambers, Sec., No. 821 West Fifth St., Topeka, Kan. KentuckyŠElder J. H. Cook, Leitchfield, Grayson Co., Ky., and Elsie K. Scott, Cecilian, Hardin Co., Ky. Maine Tract SocietyŠM. Russell, Sec., No. 110 State St., Bangor, Me. Michigan Tract SocietyŠHattie House, Sec., Review and Ifer-a/d Office, Battle Creek, Mich. Minnesota Tract SocietyŠA. L. Curtis, Sec., 336 Lake St. E., Minneapolis, Minn., P. 0. Box 1058. MISSISSIPPIŠC. W. Olds, 1523 Eighth Ave., Birmingham, Ala. Missouri Tract SocietyŠClara E. Low, Sec., 3625 Finney Ave, St. Louis, Mo. Nebraska Tract SocietyŠMrs. N. II. Druillard, Sec., 1505 E St., Lincoln, Neb. New EnglandŠN. E. Tract Society, Mrs. E. T. Palmer, Sec., South Lancaster, Mass. New York StateŠJ. V. Willson, Sec., N. Y. Tract Society, 317 West Bloomfield St.,Rome, N. Y. New ZealandŠIternational Tract Society, Turner St., off Upper Queen St., Auckland, N. Z. -North CarolinaŠElder J. M. Rees, Springfield, Tenn. North Pacific-4. P. Tract Society, Charles A. Wyman, Sec. Box 18, East Portland, Or. NorwayŠSundhedsbiadet, 74 Akersgaden, Christiania, Nor-way. Ohio Tract SocietyŠL. T. Dysert, Sec., 440 Floyd St., Toledo. Pennsylvania Tract SocietyŠL. C. Chadwick, Sec., Cor. Hep-burn and Fifth Streets, Williamsport, Penn., Box 2716. South AfricaŠInternational Tract Society, No. 5 Scott. St., Cape Town. SwitzerlandŠImprimerie Polyglotte, 48 Weiherweg, Basel, TennesseeŠJ. II. Dortch, Springville, Henry Co., Tenn., and Elder J. M. Rees, Springfield, Robertson Co., Tenn. Texas Tract SocietyŠTurner Stevenson, Sec., Denton, Texas. Upper ColumbiaŠU. C. Tract Society, Mrs. L. A. Fero, Sec., Box 288, Walla Walla, W. T. Vancouver IslandŠBernard Robb, Victoria, B. C. VermontŠLizzie A. Stone, South Lancaster, Mass. VirginiaŠAmy A. Neff, Quicksburgh, Shenandoah Co., Va. West Virginia.ŠMrs. Nelia M. Stone, Clarksburg, W. Va. Wisconsin Tract SocietyŠF. W. Field, Sec., 1029 Jenifer St., Madison, Wis. Please Examine THE address label on your SENTINEL and see what the date is thereon. A large number of subscrip-tions expire in June, 1888, and July, 1888; if yours is among that number, please send us your renewal this week. Subscription price only 50 cents per year, or if you will send us two new subscribers at 50 cents each we will send you th t E4IGAN SEYazxEL one year free. Rural Health Retreat, CRYSTAL SPRINGS, Sir. 1-1Z1..Z1V2L, TTTHIS delightful Resort offers unrivaled advantages 11  to Touristsand all classes ol'invalids, both for White- and Summer. It is situated on the southwestern slop Howell Mountain, 500 feet above and overlooking the noted and beautiful Napa Val-ley, and z% miles from St. Helena. This place is noted for its Pure Water, Dry Atmosphere, Clear and Balmy Sunshine, Even Temperature, Mild Breezes, and the absence.of high winds. TilE RATIONAL TREATMENT By all known remedial agents is employed in this In-stitution. With these natural and acquired advantages, pleasant and desirable surroundings, thorough and ju-dicious treatment, and wholesome diet, most invalids who avail themselves of these agreeable facilities, rap-idly recover. Patients have the care of a regularly graduated Physician of experience, who is assisted by well-trained and courteous gentleman and lady as-sistants. All invalids and Tourists may feel as-sured that they will be courteously received, and kindly cared for. For Circulars and further particulars, address RIJRAL HEALTH RETREAT, St. Helena, Cal. PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. A THIRTY-TWO PAGE MONTHLY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dis-semination of true temperance principles, and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is emphatically A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE, Coritaining what everybody wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is unlimited, embracing every-thing that M ally way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted to farmers, mechan-ics, and housekeepers, who have but little leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with profit by all. Price, $1.00 per year, or with the 300-page premium bookŠ" Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temper. ante," containing household and cooking recipesŠpost-paid for $1.40. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO THE DEFENSE OF AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS, THE PRES- ERVATION OF TIIE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION AS IT IS, SO FAR AS REGARDS RELIGION OR RELIGIOUS TESTS, AND THE MAINTENANCE OF CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS RIGHTS. It Will ever Be Thwompromisingly Opposed to Anything Tending Toward a UNION OF CHURCH AND STATE, Either in Name or in Fact. It will discuss subjects of the deepest interest to all American citizens, and every position taken will be fortified by sound argument. Terms: Fifty cents per year, post-paid ; sample copies free. If you will send us the names of two new subscribers at fifty cents cash, we will send you the paper one year free, or in clubs of five or more copies we will send the papers at the rate of thirty cents each per year. We will send the AMERICAN SENTINEL one year, and any book mentioned below, post-paid, for the price named opposite the book. Or they can be obtained from any State T. and M. , Society, "Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temperance," - - $1 00 "Revised Version of the New Testament," - - - 1 00 "The Life of Christ" (800 pp.), by C. Ceikie, D. D., - - 1 00 "The United States in Prophecy," - - - - - - 1 00 "The Coming Conflict in this Country," ----- 1 25 "Sacred Chronology and the Peopling of the Earth," 300 pages, cloth,   1 25 "The Atonement in the Light of Nature and the Rove- ' lation," by J. If. Waggoner,  1 25 "Our CountryŠthe Marvel of Nations," its Past, Present, and Future, by Uriah Smith,  1 35 The Pacific Health Journal, a 32-page monthly magaeine of Hygiene and Temperance, one year, - - - - 1 35 "The Great Controversy between Christ and Satan," over 20 full-page illustrations, popular edition, - - 1 75 Address, Š PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, - - 1059 Castro St., Oakland, Cal, 