146, THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. church who by donations, bequests, etc., had placed their property in the hands of the corporation to be held in trust. The United States disputed this claim. The case was tried in the territorial court, and the;whole sum was declared confiscated to the United States: The case was appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States, and the decision of the territorial Court, confiscating the property, was confirmed. It is not necessary here to enter upon any discussion as to whether the Mormon Church had violated the law of 1862, first, because the Supreme Court of the United States decided that it was not necessary that that law should be violated in order that the corporation might be dissolved, but that "Congress for good and sufficient reasons of its own, independent of that limitation, and of any violation of it, had a full and perfect right to repeal its charter and abrogate its corporate ex-istence, which of course depended upon its charter; " and second, because the merit of the question as between the Mormon Church and the United States is not material for the purpose of this article. The principle upon which the Supreme Court acted is all that is neces-sary to be discussed here ; and that prin-ciple is discernible without any examina-tion or discussion as to the merit of the controversy. The argument of the Court proceeds as follows:Š When a business corporation, instituted for the purpose of gain or private interest, is dissolved, the modern doctrine is that its property, after the payment of its debts, equitably belongs to its stock-holders. But this doctrine has never been extended to public corporations. As to this, the ancient and established rule prevails, that when a corporation is dissolved, its personal property, like that of a man dying without heirs, becomes subject to the disposal of the sovereign authority. Now with all due respect to the honor-able Court, it may be inquired, why should not the modern doctrine be applied to public corporations as well as to private ? Why should the ancient doctrine be adopted in such cases, when, to do it, it is necessary to proceed in the face of the principles and institutions of the Govern-ment of which the court is but a part. When the ancient doctrine is adopted the principles of the ancient governments must likewise be adopted, because the ancient doctrine is but the expression of the prin-ciples of the ancient governments. And the principles of all those governments were directly the reverse of the principles of this Government. This will be seen more fully as we proceed. It is in fact seen in the above expression that personal property, in such cases as this under con-sideration, becomes subject to " the sov-ereign authority." Upon this the question at once arises, Who or what is the sovereign authority in: this Government ? And to this ques-tion we have an answer that is certainly plainly expressed, and certainly true, if  not absolutely authoritative. Bancroft is the historian of the Constitution not less than of the country, and upon this very point he has the following plain state-ment. " Is 'it asked who is the sovereign of the United States ? The words sov-ereign and subjects are unknown to the Constitution."ŠHistory of Constitution, Book V, chap. 1, par. 20. By this it is evident that the Supreme Court steps upon foreign ground when it suggests the existence, in this country, of a sovereign authority. It is true that the people are sovereign; but the people do not exercise their sovereignty authorita-tively as such directly, nor of themselves. " The people of the United States have declared in their Constitution that the law alone is supreme; and have defined that supreme law." Id. par. 21. In the foregoing quotation from the opinion of the Court it is made manifest that the existence of a sovereign authority was necessary to sustain a decision confirming the judgment already pronounced by the territorial Court. And as, according to the quotations given from Bancroft, there is no such thing known to American principles or institu-tions, the Court was necessarily driven beyond this Government and its institu-tions to find a basis for this sovereign authority. Accordingly the decision pro-ceeds :Š The principles of the law of charities are not con-fined to a particular people or nation, but prevail in all civilized countries pervaded by the spirit of Christianity. They are found imbedded in the civil law of Rome, in the laws of the European nations, and especially in the laws of that nation, from which our institutions are derived. But the principle of the government of Rome and all the European nations, and especially that nation from which the Court says our institutions are derivedŠthe BritishŠhave always been directly the reverse of this. In those governments there were sovereign authorities. They were not governments of the people, but gov-ernments of the sovereign, and the people were subjects. That of Rome was abso-lutism solely. The Emperor was supreme in everything. He was parens patrice, that is, father of the country, and father of the people in the complete and fullest sense. He fed the people, he gave them money and whatever else they demanded, or whatever some political demagogue de-manded, and took from them whatever he himself was pleased to demand. It was so also in England, at the period of the Revolution, though there the sovereign had not the absolute character that at-tached to the Roman; yet, what the king lacked in this respect, Parliament possessed, so that the system of absolutism and of paternalism prevailed there, as formerly in the Roman Government. Nor is it correct to say, as did the Court, that our institutions are derived from England. Our governmental institutions are as far as possible the opposite of those of England and were intended to be so  when' they were established. The Gov-ernment itself, as we have seen, is directly the reverse of that which existed in En-gland when this Government was estab-lished. When the institutions of the United States Government were estab-lished the governments of Europe were ruled by sovereigns who held their powers by " divine right." In the Government of the United States that system was rev-olutionized and governments were declared to derive their just powers from the con-sent of the governed. At that time the governments of Europe were all paternal. The Government of the United States is of, and from, the in-dividual. For " the distinctive character of the new people as a whole, their nation-ality, so to say, was the principle of in-dividuality which prevailed among them as it had nowhere done before. . . . The Constitution establishes nothing that interferes with equality and individuality. . . . It leaves the individual alongside of the individual. No nationality of char-acter could take form except on the prin-ciple of individuality, so that the mind might be free, and every faculty have the unlimited opportunity for its development and culture. . . . The institutions and laws of the country rise out of the masses of individual thought, which, like the-waters of the ocean, are rolling evermore." ŠBancroft, Id. par. 7, 9. Ł In England, and all other European Gov-ernments, religion was held to be an es-sential element of civil government; but when this Government was formed it was entirely separate from religion, and dis-avowed not only any connection, but any right to any connection with religion. The Supreme Court itself is an institu-tion which so far from having been de-rived from any of the institutions of En-gland or any other European nation, was a new creation entirely. The very form of government, that is, the distribution of its power into legislative, executive, and judicial, so far from being from England or any other European nation, was also a new creation. "The tripartite division of government into legislative, executive, and judicial, enforced in theory by the illus-trious Montesquieu, and practiced in the home government of every one of the American States, became a part of the Constitution of the United States, which derived their mode of instituting it from their own happy experience. It was estab- lished by the Federal convention with a rigid consistency that went beyond the example of Britain where one branch of the Legislature still remains a court of appeal. Each one of the three depart-ments proceeded from the people.ŠBan-croft, Id. par. 13. The decision of the Court proceeds The manner in which the due administration and application of charitable estates is secured, depends upon the judicial institution and machinery of the particular government to which they are subject. This statement is certainly clear enough; 