324 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. the list of petitioners; and yet all the men who are now employed by the Exposition Company and probably all who will be during the Fair, as well as other men in' whatever capacity, who will perform labor in consequence of the Fair being open on Sunday, are members of labor organizations, Some of which hold meet-ings weekly, some monthly and others semi-monthly. Is it not a little remark-able that not one of these organizations has sent in a petition to be released from this worse than African slavery ? al-though, leaving out the religious phase of the question, they are the parties most interested. It is quite evident from the foregoing statements of Mr. Crafts, that the com- mercial and labor organizations either do not appreciate the efforts being made for their emancipation, or are not conscious of the fact that they have the right of petition, and as they are for the most part very intelligent men, this last proposition is not to be entertained for a moment. ALLEN MOON. He Confesses it. RIVERSIDE, California, is agitated over the closing of the Public Library on Sun-day. In discussing this question a cor-respondent of the Phcenix says:Š The closing of the library and reading room par-takes of class legislation, and a discrimination in favor of the rich as against the poor man. The rich man can enjoy his magazine or paper to his heart's content at home on Sunday, while the workingman's opportunity is Sunday in the free library and reading room. Efforts and laws have been made more or less successful to curtail the workingman's Sunday enjoyment in such a way as to compel him to go to church as a relief to the intense ennui occasioned thereby, and this Sunday closing of the reading room and library is entirely in accordance with all such laws and regulations. Undoubtedly the closing of the library and read-ing room on Sunday is done in the interest of the churches; but if the churches are unable to draw full houses on their own merits no efforts of a leg-islative nature can cure the indifference of so many good citizens to the attractions they hold forth. The question .of the extra burdens imposed on employes by opening the library and reading room on Sunday, is not really entitled to any con-sideration in view of the fact that there are people, even in Riverside who have not all the employ-ment that they desire, even supposing that our present employes objected to Sunday labor with the extra remuneration they would in justice be entitled to. The writer of this paragraph has stated the matter about as it is. Sunday restric-tions almost invariably discriminate against the poor. The rich can have their own conveyances, but the poor must de-pend upon street cars; the rich can spend weeks in the country, but the poor must be satisfied with an occasional glimpse of green fields on Sunday ; the rich can have books and magazines of their own, but the poor must depend largely upon the public reading rooms: if Sunday street cars are prohibited, Sunday excursions forbidden, and public libraries closed the poor have but little choice as to how the  day shall be spent. They must spend the entire day at home or else go to church. That the latter is the better way few will deny; but we challenge the right of the State to shut people up to such a choice. That Sunday restrictions are intended to indirectly compel people go to church, by making it impossible for them to go anywhere else, is denied by many ; but one of the ministers of Riverside, either more candid or less wise than his fellows, admits in a communication to the Phcenix that that is virtually the purpose of Sun-day laws. In answering the question, " Should the Public Library be opened on Sunday ?" the gentleman, Rev. Chas. Winbigler, says: There would be no harm, per se, in opening the reading room, or library, or both, on Sunday, if the demands upon our laboring men'are such that they cannot send or go for books, that they cannot go and read the papers and magazines, on work evenings; these things would be, at least, a reason and a-  strong reason for keeping the library and reading-room open on Sunday. . . . If this town were like many other places in Cal-ifornia, where saloons are open on Sunday, and other places of a questionable character were opened to attract men, to take their money and steal away their time and give no legitimate re-turn, I think it might be well to open our reading-room at least, to counteract, if possible, that seri-ous tendency. The way to win men from ques-tionable places is to open others, with stronger in-ducements, that are good and respectable. We can help to establish moral principles by making the environment of men good. Something more than good surroundings for men is necessary to make them good moral citizens. That is met very largely by their hearing and prac-ticing spiritual and moral truth. That is usually done at and in connection with the church. To decrease the opportunities of attending church by establishing a less powerful moral force is not wise. I do not believe in compelling people to go to church nor do I believe in abridging their privileges by substituting something less helpful, unless the circumstances are such that the inter-mediate expediency must be resorted to as a step to something better. In the absence of a great demand, as well as the absence of many attractions of a demoralizing tendency in our town, (I wish there were none), and the present opportunities afforded the laboring men to avail themselves of our library and reading-room privileges, and other moral considerations, I do not think that the library and reading-room in Riverside should be open on Sunday. Stripped of its verbiage that which Mr. Winbigler says, is about this: If saloons were open on Sunday the Public Library should also be kept open to attract as many as possible from the saloons; but inasmuch as the saloons are closed on that day, the library should also be closed on Sunday in order that men may be the more ready to go to church. It is all right for this minister to do all that he can to induce people to attend church, in-deed it' is his duty as a minister to influ-ence all that he can in that direction, but it is manifestly improper for any minister to seek to use the civil power, either city, State, or national to aid him in his work. That many are seeking to do this how-ever is evident, and now that one of them has plainly declared that such is the case, possibly others may have the grace to be equally candid. O. P. B. The Sunday Plot Thickens. BALTIMORE, the seat of the American Vatican, and Pittsburg, the centre of the National Reform movement, are the two chosen points of vantage from which the promoters of religious legislation are pre- paring to start their great crusade. At both these cities " already to-morrow walks in to-day." The dramatic unity of this great tragedy of the centuries is pre- served in a marked manner, and thus it is that Baltimore, which has been from its earliest settlement the stronghold of Roman Catholicism in America, is the first of the large cities to undertake the thorough enforcement of its Sunday laws. The- Maryland code prohibits all per- sons from performing bodily labor on Sunday under penalty of five dollars fine, and visits the same penalty- upon any one who permits children or servants to work, fish, hunt, or engage in any ".unlawful pastime or recreation;" all dealing in, or giving away of, any merchandise what- ' soever, except milk, ice, and prescribed medicines, is subject to a fine of from twenty to fifty dollars for the first offense, and for the second not less than fifty dol-lars nor more than five hundred, with an imprisonment of from ten to thirty days and the revoking of license to do business for one year, if any has been issued to the party so convicted; a third infringe-ment of the law may be punished -by im-prisonment of from thirty to sixty days and a fine of not less than twice the sum in which the offender has been previously mulcted-. Half of these fines are to go to the State and half to the informer. The keeping open of a dancing saloon, barber shop, opera house, ten pin alley, or ball alley is finable in a sum of from fifty to one hundred dollars, and, if a personŠnot a corporationŠimprisonment of from ten to thirty days, and for subse-quent convictions the same imprisonment with a double fine. Oyster dredging on Sunday may be visited with a fine of from fifty to three hundred dollars and froth three months to one year in the house of correction, or forfeiture of the boat used in the work, at the discretion of the judge. At Baltimore, on October 2, the Grand Jury addressed a communication to the Board of Police Commissioners in obedi-ence to which notice was given to the police force, and to the public, that after October 4, the laws of Maryland upon the observance of Sunday would be strictly enforced. In pursuance of this order, on October 12 the police reported 176 per-sons for working or selling on Sunday. Among the offenses charged are blacking boots, selling newspapers, rowing boats, running ferry-boats, letting cabs, selling ice cream, liquor, cigars, fruit, confec-tionery, cakes, soda water, postage stamps, and stationery. _ Not all those arrested, it is said, are to be tried; but individuate from each busi- 