AMERICAN SENTINEL. 147 The Mormon Object Lesson. THE Mormon object lesson is becoming more plain to the people of the United States as timegoes on. Many who are in the best position to judge, now realize that in its estimate of Mormonism the country has made a mis-take; and that mistake is just this : the great evil of Mormonism did not consist in its polygamy, but in-its union of church and state. The country had its eye upon polygamy; that seemed to be the great evil pertaining to Mormonism that needed to be suppressed. To this public attention was directed. Books were written to expose its evil and arouse public sentiment against it. Finally, laws were enactedŠand enforcedŠfor the suppression of the practice, and appar-ently, after some opposition, they were successful. The president of the church promulgated a decree against it; the church promised to abandon it; the state constitu-tion of Utah was made to expressly forbid it. Under these assurances Utah was received into the Union as a sovereign state. But the people did not see deep enough. They did not understand the evil of a union of church and state,Šor, as it may be said, of a union of the state with reli-gion. And now they find, to their great concern if not to their consternation, that in the suppression of polygamy they have not cut the root of the Mormon evil, but only a sprout which it bore. The root being left, the sprout mayŠand naturally willŠgrow out again. But we will present the situation as it is stated by Mr. Eugene Young, in the Independent (N. Y.), for March 3, as part of a symposium on "The Mormon Question," which this leading American journal deems a timely topic for consideration. We quote Mr. Young's article entire.  It is worth a careful perusal:Š " 'Politics, not polygamy, have been responsible for all our troubles.' This remark was made to me during the heat of one of the church and state campaigns in Utah by a Mormon leader who had closely followed the history of his people. One who treads the same ground as he did will find much to corroborate his views. Through Mormon tradition runs the record of a tempo-ral ambition, so dominating and aggressive that it has always aroused the enmity of those with whom the peo-ple have come in contact, either in a business or political way. It is an ambition that practically has no limit, its first idea being to bring within the pale of the church `every nation, kindred, tongue and people' on the earth. "Mormonism early showed its high opinion of its own importance. In the thirties, when only a small band of extremists had been gathered from the dissatisfied ones of other sects to Nauvoo, Ill_ Joseph Smith, the so-called prophet, was set up by his people as a candidate for the presidency of the United States on a platform of free trade and sailors' rights.' This candidacy was the cli-max of a series of political movements among the Latter-day Saints that had gained them the enmity of both parties in the State. The church leaders claimed and ex-ercised the right to dictate the politics of their followers and used their power to secure concessions on all sides,  until at last, becoming angry at double-dealing, the peo-ple of Illinois cast out the curious sect. `ŁWhen the new home was sought in Missouri nothing had been learned in political matters through the expe-rience in Illinois. The 'prophet' continued to direct even the most minute temporal affairs of the people, and State matters once more became his plaything. The citizens of Missouri might have tolerated polygamy, because at that. time theirŁ moral force had not become so highly potent,  as it probably would be to-day; but they would not ac-cord to the Mormons the right to play fast and loose in politics. Partisan feeling ran high in the forties, and Missouri was a battle-ground between the two great na-.. tional factions. When Joseph Smith united church and state matters, there he came to grief. His people were. driven to the West, and, to use a Mormon phrase, he-was martyred.' "The same forces have been at work in Utah ever since. Gold-seekers, who were making their way to Cali-fornia in the fifties, found in the valleys of the Great Basin a veritable Mormon kingdom, ruled absolutely by the head of the church and levying tribute on all who needed supplies. Adventurous men who settled in the midst of the strange religious people found themselves, limited by Mormon ambitions on every hand. Search for the rich mineral deposits of 'Deseret,' as the Mormon state was called, was forbidden by the church leaders, who thought that by concealing the precious metals they might keep out the Gentiles and be unmolested in their ambition to rule. Any one who would not bow to the hierarchy was given to understand that there would be no opportunity in business or politics, for him until fi-nally those who opposed the temporal practices, and not,  the religious teachings of the Mormon Church, awakened the forces which made such a long and bitter fight against polygamy. "They found at hand a most suitable weapon. Some of them were not in a position to criticise the moral phases of Mormondom, and a large percentage were men who denied the existence of God and scoffed at his com-mandments. But they realized the force of the great re-ligious sentiment of the country, and awakened it to make war against polygamy. In the bitter years that, followed not the least influential of the elements which opposed the dominant church was striking at its political power. Hack politicians from the East, gamblers, saloon men and atheistic miners vied with the devoted mission_ aries in the general fight. Their idea was to free the po-lice, municipal governments, legislature, and courts from the overshadowing influence of the priesthood, so they might have a voice in the government and business of the Territory. They sought to divide the Mormon people in politics, in order that there might be some opportunity for the minority, at least, to make its ideas known. "The feeling that polygamy was not the chief evil of Mormonism was shown curiously after its abandonment by the manifesto of Wilford Woodruff, in 1890. Even after it was conceded that the Mormons had accepted the new 'revelation,' the old Gentile party in Utah continued its organization and campaign, declaring it would not disband until sufficient assurance was given that the priesthood should not control politics. Several promises and statements that the church leaders should never again endeavor to control the action of their people had to be made before real division on national political lines was brought about. 