AMERICAN SENTINEL. 253 Artificial Natural History. "Present Truth," London, Eng. AN exchange says:Š "The science of zoology, both for the extent and diffi-culty of terminology, makes the greatest demand on the memory. As illustration, there are over 5,000 known species of lizards, each with its distinguishing name. Here are four as samples : Phrynocephalus przewalskii, Cryptoblepharus poecilopleurus, Tracheloptychus peter-sip, Cordylosaurus Trivittatus." That is called "Natural Science," when as a matter of fact it is not natural at all, but wholly artificial; neither is it science, for the knowledge of it is not the knowledge of truth. Let no one get disheartened at these long names. The animals are not born with them, neither do they carry them about. A person may know all that any man can know of an animal, without ever having heard of these yard-long names; and one may have them all at his tongue's end without knowing the real truth about a single animal. It is true that it is possible for a person to have his mind crammed with artificial classification and jaw breaking names, and at the same time to know the things themselves; but the chances are all against it. Remember that there is a vast difference between know-ing the truth concerning a thing, that is, knowing the thing itself, and knowing the name that somebody has devised for that thing. * Ł .4 Judge Not. "Sunday School Tres." INSTANTANEOUS photographs show the graceful trot-ting horse, or flying bird, or leaping hound, in apparently awkward and unnatural attitudes. Instantaneous judg-mentsŠjudgments of men or the actions of menŠmay be just as misleading. Many a busy Christian worker indeed suffers from just such injustice, incomplete representation of his actions becoming misrepresentation. We seldom have the right to judge another by a single action of his, in ignorance of his object ahead, and of his motives behind. We seldom do well to paint a fellow being from an instantaneous photograph. We are seldom justified in deciding, from an instant's glimpse of shadows on another life, that that life is all darkness, or is even tending toward darkness. There is a twilight of the morning, as well as of the evening. Those shadows may be tokens of the fading night, instead of the fading day. Up from darkness of early surroundings, sinful habits, wrong teachings, or neglect of teaching, or years of indifference, the soul beside us may be even now pain-fully struggling into the light. Let us not criticise; let us help. Let us look more at direction than at instantaneous position; more at the general trend than at the occasional deviation. Two points, at least, are required to determine the direction of even an ideally straight line, Shall we decide the di-rection of a wavering human life by the single point of a single action? Imporled German Bibles. Dr. Martin Luther's Translation. WE have imported direct from Germany a select line of fine minion Reference German Bibles which we offer at the following prices postpaid:Š No. Price 60 Cloth, plain edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  $ .75 62 Russia, gilt edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  1.50 64 Arctic Seal, Orient paper lined, divinity cir-cuit, gold edges, Stuttgart print, size 4%x 6,14x1Y, inches, thin paper, 10 pages of Helps and eight maps,  2.50 66 German Morocco, gold edges, divinity cir- cuit, leather lined to edge, Elberfeld print, size 5x8x1Ainches. Five pages extra mat- ter and six maps,  3.50 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING coNraNy, 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co.. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising', opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN Or THR International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, 66 66 Six months, 46 66 Three " $1.00. .50 - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 