312 THE A.M_BRICA.N SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. H. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 8, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving  the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered t he SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay f or it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE German Government has, it is stated, begun the prosecution of the editor of Kladderadatsch, for ridiculing the holy coat of Treves in a cartoon entitled " The Gull Snaring Pilgrims." THE Christian Nation, of this city, be-ing unable to support its National Reform theories by argument, has begun to apply opprobrious epithets. This mode of war-fare is entirely worthy of the Nation, but THE SENTINEL begs to be excused. No one who has opportunity to do so, should fail to read carefully the review of Judge Hammond's decision in the King case, which is begun in this number of THE SENTINEL. The papers containing these articles will be valuable for refer-ence, and should be saved for that pur-pose. MR. CRAFTS, who engineered the four-teen-million-two- hundred - thousand - peti-tion scheme some two years ago, now says that in his judgment " promiscuous peti-tions are as unreliable as the new census." He has probably been studying some of tha evidence that THE SENTINEL has given of the utterly fraudulent character of many of the Sunday-law petitions. There is hope, in his confession. " Open confession is good for the soul." THE power of the State has long been invoked in behalf of Sunday-keeping, but for various reasons it has been impotent to secure the results desired by some; and so, out in Indiana, resort has been had to more powerful means, as related in the following dispatch; which we take from the Daily News, of Chicago :Š MUNCIE, Indiana, Sept. 17ŠEaton park is the name of a summer resort on the Missinewa River at Eaton, in the northern part of this county, and it is much frequented by excursionists on Sunday. The church people in that vicinity objected to this Sabbath desecration, and on several occasions the park property has been damaged. The boating surface is made by a large dam across the river, and a small steamer plies thereon, besides a num-ber of row-boats. Unsuccessful efforts have been made to destroy the dam by fire and quicksilver. Yesterday two large charges of dynamite were exploded in rapid succession, completely demolish-ing the dam and hurling large stones and timbers  long distances away. Neighboring windows were shattered and hundreds of people were badly frightened. One piece of timber fell upon the roof of John Snyder's residence crushing it in.. This incident serves to illustrate the spirit of the Sunday-law movement : it stops at nothing to compass its ends. THE Chicago Journal, referring to the recent meeting of the World's Fair Com-mission, says :Š There are a number of things the Commission has not done at this meeting. It has not settled the Sunday-opening question, and it is understood that that matter will not be decided until the very last thing. The report of the local Board on the question is being purposely delayed because of that. The impression seems to be growing that the result of the controversy will be a compromise, which however will be far from satisfactory to the American Sab-bath Union, and the National Reformers generally. THE German Socialists seem to have borrowed an idea from the Sunday-law preachers of this country, namely, that Sunday laws will enable them the better to get the ear of the workingman. The Christian Union says :Š They [the Socialists] are well pleased to have labor forbidden on Sunday, in order that they may be the more free to make that day one of propa-ganda at workingmen's picnics, etc. The Sunday-law preachers carry the plan a step further and propose to forbid both work and amusement, in order that the workingmen may be forced into the churches on Sunday. THE Daily Report, of San Francisco, has the following, which it characterizes as " religious intolerance " :Š Stockholm, July 30.ŠThe authorities have given notice to the Roman Catholic clergy that the law against making converts will be strictly enforced. The law is said to have the general approval of the people, especially in the interior of Sweden, where religious prejudice is very strong. " This," says another California paper, " is religious intolerance, but Roman Catholics ought not to complain. The action is just such a one as they would have taken toward any other church if in their power to do so, judging from their past." This is all true, but it furnishes no excuse whatever for the intolerance of the Swedish Government. THE State, a weekly journal published in St. Paul, Minnesota, and " devoted to the emancipation of the united indus-trialists," has this:Š The Minneapolis Journal says there are twenty-two million people in this country who believe in Sunday as a day of rest and worship, and that, therefore, " there ought to be no question " about keeping the World's Fair closed on that day. If that statement is true, then there are at least forty million people in this country who claim the right to do what they please on Sunday, without any interference from the one-third. There is a ques- tion in which all decent, liberty-loving folk are interested; it is this: Cannot the one-third stay away from the Fair on Sunday, without depriving others of the opportunity to go, if they want to ? That is the question in a nutshell. Shall the Fair be so manipulated as to strengthen in any degree the assumption that it is part of the business of the State to conserve religion and religious institu-tions ? SEPTEMBER 20, an effort was made to compel the Chinese of this city to keep Sunday. The attempt was only partially successful, however. The front doors of business and gambling houses were, it is said, closed in most cases, but side doors were open and a good deal of business done. According to the Morning Journal, of the 21st ult., the Chinese merchants say that they are threatened with bank-ruptcy if they are compelled to close on Sunday. "They say that if they are com-pelled to observe a Sabbath, they will ob-serve three days of the month other than Sunday, for as they are worshipers of Buddha they will keep the days sacred to him. They claim that under the laws they have as much right to keep the Buddhistic sacred days and do business on Sunday, as other people have to keep Sunday and work on Buddhistic holy days." Ł COMMENTING upon the growth of Ro-manism in the United States, the Chris-tian at Work says :Š We have the present; but the future must also be assured. This can only be done by exercising a sleepless guardianship over the Nation's liberties, and especially by seeing to it that the institutions of the country are preserved in all their integrity against assaults from any and every quarter. This has not always been done; it is not done to-day. For, are not the people taxed to support sectarian schools ? and during the present year will not four hundred thousand dollars be raised by taxation to be expended in the propagation of Romanism among the Indians ? This monstrous iniquity must cease, and so must that other form of abuse which devotes a lesser sum to the support of schools for the diffusion of sectarian religion among the In-dians. " That other form of abuse " is not really another, but the same form. Money is paid by the Government to some Prot-testant schools precisely as it is paid to the Catholic schools; and it is just as much of an abuse in the one case as in the other. It should all stop. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED To The defense of American Institutions the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond btivet, ;go. To*. 