One of the Very Best Popular Religious Books EverŁ Published is BY Mrs. R. G. White. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 79 class has the idea that the sole purpose of the coun-cil is to prepare men for heaven, while the other class want unlimited license for men to make a hell on earth, The Puritans would have a new code of Blue Laws to regulate the institution of the Sabbath, and prohibiting everything but Sunday preaching. The im-Puritans want all the world wide open. Some people will hear of no distinction between the saloon and the theater. The same people would be unable to distinguish between a blizzard and a mocking-bird." SUCH communications as this, published in the " Pearl of Days," show the progress of the pop-ular movement for the recognition of Sunday throughout'the world. The French Popular League is wiser in its generation than the American Sab-bath Union and avoids committing itself in so many words to the civil enforcement of Sunday regula-tions, nevertheless they are affiliated organizations with the same general purpose in view:Š POPULAR LEAGUE FOR SABBATH REST IN FRANCE. 174 Boulevard St. Germain, Paris, France, Feb. 10, 1892. Sir awl Dear Colleague: I have had the pleasure of receiving your telegram and of communicating it last evening, to the general assembly of our Pop-ular League. The reading of it was received with overwhelming applause. The cause of Sabbath rest interests the whole of humanity, and it is pleasant and encouraging for the combatants of every nation to feel themselves side by side with those of another nation. The sentiment of this community of ideas and efforts is doubled in value, when it concerns nations living under the same form of government. I thank you, therefore, with all my heart, sir and dear colleague, for your manifestation of sym-pathy, and I beg you will accept my yery sincere acknowledgment. The President of the Popular League, LEON SAY. o Col. Elliott F. Shepard, President of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union. UNDER the title "Mass Meeting of the Wicked," the Mail and Express, of February 27, publishes a " special " from Chicago, as follows :Š Under the auspices of the American Secular Union, an organization which opposes the reading of the Bible in the public schools, favors the repeal of all laws on Sabbath observance, the abolition of the oath in courts of justice, and the substitution of a simple affirmation, the discontinuance of the observance of religious festivals and feasts, and the abolition of paid preachers in prisons, hospitals and other similar institutions, a mass meeting is to be held in Central Music Hall to-night for the purpose of demanding that the World's Fair be kept open on Sundays. The movement has received the sup-port of all the Socialistic and Anarchistic organiza-tions of the city, as well as of the foreign-speaking atheistic element. It is said that, in addition to demanding that the gates shall be opened, the machinery kept in motion and ordinary trading be carried on on the Lord's day, the resolutions will also declare in favor of the unrestricted sale of liquors of all kinds on the Fair grounds. It is given out that this is but the first of a series of gatherings that will be continued so long as the religious element of the country continues to peti-tion and hold meetings in favor of the proper ob-servance of the Sabbath by the Fair authorities. It is a remarkable fact, worthy of notice in this item, that, outside of the claim that the unrestricted sale of liquors is to be asked, the position at-tributed to this "mass meeting of the wicked," is in the interest of Christianity, pure and unde-filed. The statement that the running of machin-ery and general trading be carried on Sunday does not mean that Sunday laborŁ and Sunday selling should be compulsory at the Fair. This form of putting the matter is quite common among those who favor compulsory Sunday closing. The golden rule of the orthodox in reference to the World's Fair is, " Whatsoever I would that others should do, that shall they be compelled to do." The Secular Union denies the authority of the Bible, and then acts upon its precept, " Whatsoever ye would that others should do unto you, do ye even so unto them." The rare ability of the author in the presenta-tion of Scripture truth has never been used to bet-ter advantage than in this little work. " Steps to Christ " is not alone suitable as a guide to the in-quirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and suggestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of CONTENTS. 1. The Sinner's Need of Christ. f. Growing up into Christ. 2. Repentance. 8. The Work and the Life. 3. Confession. 9. A Knowledge of God. 4. Consecration. 10. The Privilege of Prayer. 5. Faith and Acceptance. 11. What to do with Doubt. 6. The Test of Discipleship. 12. Rejoicing in the Lord. STEPS TO CHRIST is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, gold and ink dies, at 75 cents per copy. SMITH'S Dictionary of the Bible. " Worker's Edition." Com-prising its antiquities, Biog-raphy, geographynd nat-ural history. Edited by Wm. Smith, LL. D. Price, $2.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said; over 500 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pro-nunciation and signification of scriptural names; the solution of difficulties of interpretation, author-ity and harmony; also a history and description of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete encyclopedia of Biblical information. THE CHRISTIAN'S SECRET OF A HAPPY LIFE. BY HANNAH WHITALL SMITH. Standard edition, I2mo, 240 pages, 75 cents. Handy classic edition, 18mo 292 pages, cloth, gilt edge, 85 cents. CHURCH AND STATE IN THE UNITED STATES. OR THE AMERICAN IDEA OF RELIGIOUS LIBERTY AND ITS PRACTICAL EFFECTS, WITH OFFICIAL DOCUMENTS, BY PHILIP SCHAFF, D. D. This is a companion volume to "Religious Freedom," and discusses that part of the Constitution which protects us against the despotism of a State Church, and guarantees to us the free exercise and enjoyment of religion, as an inherent, inviolable, and inalienable right of every man. A most excel-lent treatise. Price, $1.50. ZarThe above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINC CO. Or Oakland, Cal. 43 Bond St., New York City. IN THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS ŠBY J. 1E, HUTCHINS.Š This book has been out but a short time, but it has attained a large sale. It is a book which sells to all classes of readers. As a work of art it surpasses anything of the kind which has ever before been attempted. The Yo Semite Valley is now the leading attraction for tourists, and it is visited every year by thousands. It is one of the wonders of the world, and this work written by a man who has lived so long amidst these scenes is one which all will be eager to possess. IT IS A COMPLETE HISTORICAL AND DESCRIPTIVE SUMMARY OF THE GREAT VALLEY AND ITS MARVELOUS ŠSURROUNDINGS.Š A. Book of Thrilling Interest All who have seen the volume pronounce it the most n tensely interesting work published on the Pacific Coast. MORE THAN ONE HUNDRED ILLUSTRATIONS. Price, in Flexible Cloth, $1.50; Heavy Paper covers, $1.25. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definition of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni-versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND ST., NEW YORE. USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. We will send the Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, post-paid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history. Paper bound, 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. GEIKIE, D. D. This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The signs of the Times is a 16-page weekly religious journal, and will be furnished at the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year, post-paid, - - $1.50. In clubs of 10 and over to one address, To foreign countries in Postal Union, - ($2)  8s. Address SIGNS OF THE TIME'S, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A 