THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 13 ernment of the States. The Sabbath is, therefore, a civil institution older 'than the States. All the writer gives, throughout his en-tire article, to prove that the Sabbath is a civil institution, is the fact that Legisla-tures have regulated and enforced its ob-servance by law. On this principle, all the institutions of Christianity could be turned into civil institutions simply by passing laws for their enforcement. En-join and regulate Christian baptism and the Lord's supper by law, and they would at once become civil institutions according to the principle of the American Sabbath Union. When Charlemagne compelled the Saxons to receive "Christian baptism," then by the same token, Christian baptism became a "civil.  institution," just as the "Christian Sabbath" is now. How nicely this principle was applied in the Dark Ages by the men who condemned the martyrs to death. When they burned men at the stake for ignoring the laws they had -passed to regulate and enforce what .they called the institutions of Chris-tianity, all they had to do was to say, "This is not religious persecution, because we are not trying to force people to be religiouS; we punish them merely for refusing to recognize the civil institutions of the State. To be sure, these are the institutions of Christianity, but the Holy Roman Empire has passed laws to regulate and enforce them, and this has made them civil insti-tutions.' Of 'course it is the duty of the State to protect its own institutions, con-sequently it is right to burn these men who refuse to submit; and it cannot be called religious persecution, for certainly nobody's conscience is interfered with." Thus the Church never persecuted nor punished anybody, and never put anybody to death. The Church merely excommu-nicated them, and the State punished them for violating State laws. Further, the writer says Judicial decisions have held that it is not a vio-lation of the rights of conscience of any, that the Sabbath of the people, the day set apart by common consent and usage, from the first settlement of the land, as a day of rest, and recognized by the com-mon law of the State as such, and expressly recog-nized in the Constitution as an existing Institution, should be respected by the lavii-making power, and provision made to prevent its desecration. To desecrate a thing is to treat it as though it was not sanctified or sacred, hence to prevent its desecration is to pre-vent people from treating it in that way. But if. they are not allowed to treat it as though it was not sanctified, they will be obliged to treat it as though it were sanc-tified. The object, therefore, of Sunday legislation is to force people to recognize the sanctity of Sunday. Civil institutions are not sanctified. Only religious institu-tions are sanctified, and only such can be desecrated. The Sabbath, being sanctified, is a religious and not a civil institution. To treat a religious institution as God directs is to observe its sanctity ; to treat it in any different way is to desecrate it. Further, to regard the sanctity of anything  is religious worship; and since the object of Sunday legislation is to compel people to observe the sanctity of Sunday, it is therefore proved that the object of Sunday laws is to secure religious worship. The fact that civil judges have decided that Sabbath laws are no infringement upon the rights of conscience does not prove that this is so. The fact is, civil judges are usurping the prerogative of God when they assume jurisdiction over any such question, arid hence their de-cisions amount to nothing. Christ said, "Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." This shows that Caesar has no jurisdiction over the things which belong to God, and the Sabbath is one of those things. " It is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." It is Christ, and not Caesar,, who is Lord of the Sabbath, and we deny the right of any civil power to undertake to regulate that which belongs to Christ, and thus constitute itself lord of the Sab-bath in Christ's stead. This writer next says :Š The existence of the Sabbath as a civil institution being,  conceded, the right of the Legislature to con-trol and regulate it is a necessary sequence. This would be true provided it was "con-ceded" by the proper authority. But as Christ is Lord of the Sabbath, he is the only one that has any authority to make such a concession. Christ, however, has never conceded any such thing; hence the con-clusion does not follow. 4-gain, the article says:Š If .1)r'geedents were necessary to establish the right to legislate upon the subject, they could be cited from the statutes and ordinances of every govern-ment really or nominally Christian, and froin the earliest period. This statement is certainly true; but it is just as true that, if precedents can establish the right of things, there is hardly an abomination on the face of the earth that cannot be established as right. Liquor drinking, polygamy, slavery, and religious persecution have for ages been defended by law ; but this does not prove them to be right. Of course there are precedents for Sunday laws. The new States point to the older ones for their ex-ample, the older States point to the Col-onies, the Colonies point to Protestant En-gland, she 'in turn to Catholic England, with the other European countries, while all these point toŁ Papal Rome, the orig-inal fountain of all Sunday laws. But Rome had a union of Church and State, and Sunday laws were a part of that sys-tem. Hence, wherever such laws are enacted, it is a step, not toward, but in a union of Church and State. It establishes a precedent for religious legislation, and that is what the National Reformers and the American Sabbath Union are trying to do. They may call it a " civil Sab-bath," and tell us they do not intend to enforce any part of the Christian religion, but they cannot conduct an argument of any length without proving the contrary  before they get through. In further illus-tration of this fact, we will offer one more quotation from the article under criticism. Mark this well:Š Christianity has surely done enough toward the elevation of humanity to be entitled to claim that the laws which protect its sacred day shall be main tained. This shows the purpose of the whole movement. It is not to protect the work-ingmen, or anybody else, but to protect a "sacred day" for the benefit of Christian-ity. And yet they tell us that Sunday laws are,  only for the enforcement of a " civil Sabbath." Remember this is in the "Pearl of Days," the official organ of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union. But the fact that Christianity has ele-vated humanity shows that in vitality and power it is superior to humanity, and con-sequently needs no protection from that source. Christianity can stand alone; it does not have to depend on the civil power. And whatever it may be entitled to, one thing is certain, it never has claimed that any protection was expected or desired by the civil law. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. " Reasons for the Sunday Laws." THIS is the title of an article in the monthly document of the Pacific Coast Department of the American Sabbath Union. As a matter of fact, there are no reasons for a Sunday law, but it is proper to notice some of the pretexts for such leg-islation. In the article referred 'to, it is asserted that "the Legislature has the right to establish a day of compulsory rest, and it has the right to select the day. This is a sort of common-law right and the precedents are manifold." That assertion is true only on the princi-ple that the° power to do any act makes it right. The Declaration of Independence, which contains the foundation principles of our Government, says that all men are " endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights." Although not directly specified, it is universally conceded that the specificationsŠ" life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness "Šinclude the right to honest toil. If the Creator has endowed men with the inalienable right to labor, what Legislature has the right to deprive them of their God-given privilege ? If men abuse this privilege by laboring for themselves during the time which God's law has declared to be holy, then they are are amenable to God, and not to any hu-man Legislature. It is conceded on all hands that the Leg-islature has no right to compel men to labor, only as a punishment for crime; then, on the same principle where does it get the right to compel them to rest, except as a punishment for crime ? If the Legis-lature has the right to compel men to re-frain from working one day in the week, it may do so on any or all days. Would 