P1=117; A ME HICA_N SENTINEL. 99 " Jesuits " the opponents of this infamous scheme If ever there was framed a more Jesuit-ical document than the Blair Educational bill, we should like to see it. And to re-alize that the United States Senate has passed it three times, is more astonishing still. In the words of Stanley Matthews upon a like subject we close this article : " I protest against this doctrine. Its applica-tion would be a monstrous tyranny. Its idea is pagan, not Christian." A. T. J. The National Gods. THE Christian, Statesman and the Na-tional Reform workers are making a great deal out of the afflictions that have come,  upon certain members of the national ad-ministration. Secretary Blaine lost a son and a daugh-ter in quick succession, and Secretary Tracy's house was burned, with fearful consequencesŠthe death of his wife and daughter. There is no one in the land who does not sympathize deeply with both of these families in their affliction, and it is not the surest sign of. Christian sym-pathy to turn this into a national thing, and, thus charge the afflicted ones with,  such heaven-daring sins as to exhaust the divine mercy. This is just what the National Reform-ers are doing. Dr. McAllister started it with a sermon in Pittsburg, entitled " The Washington Calamity; God's Call' to a national repentance." He attacked the present administration with being " un-christian," and said that the afflictions which had befallen Secretary Blaine and Secretary Tracy are "acts of a displeased and warning Providence." He declared that the first and chiefest reason for these afflictions is that President Harrison, in his Thanksgiving proclamation last year, made no reference to Jesus Christ, and the more fully to prove that this is a great reason, he says :Š The question now arises, where is the reason for the singular train of calamities which has of late attended the course of those Who hold the reins of our Government ? The question can be answered. It can be answered when the course of the present adthinistration is pointed out ; when we observe how its actions correspond with the tone of a Christian people. Take, for the first, the last Thanksgiving proclamation issued by President Harrison. In it thanks were directed to be offered by this Christian Nation, but there was not even a reference to Jesus Christ. Htifi the omission of this sacred name been accidental, or caused by lack of forethought, the case wouldpot be so daring. But President Harrison was waited on by a com-mittee and was 'earnestly solicited to insert in the proclamation the name of Jesus. Christ. Lithe face of this, Mr. Harrison refused to make the insertion. Thus the National 'Reformers already assume the place and the prerogative of the interpreters of the will of God in the movements of Providence, and make them-selves judges both to name the sin and measure the guilt of the national au-thority. How do these men know that that was a divine punishment for sins ? And even  though they knew that it were such, how do they know what and -how many the sins were ? The truth is they know not one solitary thing about it. The God of providence alone knows the purpose of these afflictions, and why they fell as they did. And it is more human, and much more Christian, tenderly to sympathize with the afflictedŠto "weep with them that weep"Š than it is to stand off and point the finger, and exclaim, " Ah, ha! that is what you got for your wickedness." It is neither Christian nor wise for men to usurp the throne of Providence, and pre-sume to run the universe according to their narrow views, and in the line of their un-sympathetic and wicked ideas. Balls and festivities at which wine was used are also named as associate sins for which this punishment came; and, taken altogether, Dr. McAllister pronounces the present administration a disappointing one. He says :Š In many other ways the present administration has been a disappointing one to the Christian people of this land. It was expected that with' so many men in high and responsible positions who were stanch members of the Christian church, many long-looked-for reforms would be made. To-day in this great Christian country we are in many respects behind some of Europe's dynasty-stricken Govern-ments. The name of God is not mentioned in the Constitution. Although the land is filled with soci-eties covering every line of moral work and trying to help on the great cause, yet in many instances they fail because they have not the proper backing. So they expected great things of the administration because there was so many men connected with it who were stanch members of the Christian church; and because of this they expected their long-looked-for reforms to be mak. But men cannot be reformed by law; and even if they could, these men cannot make law where they are. President Harrison has no law-making power in his hands. 'Hie is not the chief legislator, he is the chief execu-tive; he is there to execute laws that are made by the law-making powerŠCongress. But Congress cannot make laws that will reform people. The legislators are only representatives of those who send them to Congress; they can only represent the sentiment of those who send them. Then to the people is the place to look; the people are the ones to be labored with,Šthey themselves are the ones to be re-formed. But even then law is powerless. No man can make a law by which to re-form himself. The incentive to reform must come to him from without himself; and when that incentive has been applied by the people, the reform is accomplished without the need of any State or national laws, and without any effort of the admin-istration. The surest, the most lasting, and the most blessed incentive to reform, is the love of God as manifested to the world in the grace of Jesus Christ. The gospel of Christ, in the true demonstration of the power and spirit of Christ, is the surest, in fact, it is the only, means of real re-form. If the churches and the societies  which are endeavoring so persistently to,  reform the Nation by human statutes, would only take up the blessed work of inculcating the genuine gospel of Jesus Christ, there would readily and easily come such a reform as would do the people good. It is true those societies fail because "they have not the proper backing ; " but the proper backing is the gospel of Christ, and not a law of Congress, or official in-corporation of the name of God in national documents. If these societies have not the proper backing, it is because they have not the gospel of Jesus Christ; and if they have not that, it is their own fault and not the fault of the administration. And it is not fair, much less is it Christian, for them to visit guilt and condemnation and supreme punishments upon the national administration for faults which are their own. A. T. J. A Movement to Unite Church and State. IN the SENTINEL of January 16, there appeared the text of the joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States, "respecting establishments of religion and free public schools." The resolution calls for the instruction of children in the " fundamental and non-sectarian principles of Christianity." Now what are the fundamental principles of Christianity ? It is self-evident that Chris-tianity pertains to Christ, and that noth-ing can be taught in regard to Chris-tianity without teaching about Christ. Where do we learn about Christ ? and what shall we teach about him ?ŠWe learn of Christ in the Bible, and nowhere else. All we know of Christ is contained in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testament, and therefore that which is taught of Christ, in teaching the funda-mental principles of Christianity, must be what the Bible reveals concerning him. So the very first thing in teaching Chris-tianity is the consideration of who Christ is. And what about him ? What does he do for us ? What is the nature of his work ? The simple answer to these points, according to the Bible, would be that Christ is the Son of God; the divine word who was in the beginning with God, by whom all things were created ; who was made flesh and dwelt among men; who died and rose again to redeem men and to save them from sin. And this brings up the fact that men have sinned against God; they have broken his law. And so, to teach the fundamental principles of Christianity is to teach the law of God, which points out sin, and to teach Christ as the Saviour from sin; to teach his power and majesty as the one who is able to save from sin; in short, the funda-mental principles of Christianity is all there is of it. You cannot teach anybroga 