190 A.1%/11H,ELICA_N-  RIF,INTrr1Nkl-ito VoL. 10, No. 24. God I serve is able to care for me; though my body should be torn asunder and scattered to the four winds of the earth, I shall live again. But for your sake I entreat you to be careful of your judgment. ' For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged; and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.' " THE SENTENCE. The Justice. Mr. Nash, you are here con-demned by the statutes of the State of Missis-sippi. You confess you are guilty of the charge against you. Only to the extent you consider the statute unconstitutional do you claim not to be guilty. I expected you to cite some higher rulings showing that it had been so decided, but you only touched upon eccle-siastical law which has nothing to do in a civil case. I can do no less than to fine you $10 and costs. Mr. Nash. Your Honor, Sunday laws are ecclesiastical laws, and when the civil law takes me into ecclesiastical questions I have a right to argue them from an ecclesiastical stand-point; and besides, I have shown you by the constitution of Mississippi that Sunday stat-utes are not valid, and I am entitled by that constitution to my liberty. Justice. You failed to cite any higher rul-ings in the case. A lawyer, who was present. Your Honor, I, at the earnest solicitation of the people here present, ask you to reconsider your decision. This is the first offense, and it is usual, you know, in such cases, to be lenient. I do not know as we have ever had a case of this kind in our State. They had one in Douglasville, Ga., recently, and the judge in that case made no fine at all, only imposing the costs. In Tennessee the governor pardoned eight or nine of these people, and I ask you to make Mr. Nash's fine, if any, merely nominal. Mr. Nash is a good citizen, and has not disturbed any oneŠno one has been injured by himŠno one's rights have been impaired by him, and I ask, in behalf of the people here and through-out our fair State that you_ reconsider your decision. Ł Justice. Well, I will decide what I will do in a short time. The court will take a recess Ł for ten minutes, and I will decide during this time what I will do. After the recess another lawyer present ap-pealed to the court on behalf of the people, asking that the fine be remitted. Justice. I do not want to be severe on any one. It hurts me to place a fine on any man, and especially does it in this case. Mr. Nash, do you expect to come up before me again on this same charge? (No answer.) If you do I will be harder on you in this case. Mr. Nash. I am on trial. for this offense and not for a future offense. I do not know who will inform on me next time. Justice. I will be easy on you this time and make the fine $1 instead of $10. The witnesses then divided their fees in favor of Mr. Nash, and the entire fine and costs amounting to $7.75, was guaranteed im-mediately by the people, and Mr. Nash was discharged. A VOICE FROM MARYLAND. Centerville (Md.) Jail, June 3, 1895. AMERICAN SENTINEL:Š For daring to exercise a God-given right, and for discharging my duty toward God, and in the fear of God, and that without disturb-ing anyone, or doing the least harm to any man, I have been taken away from my family and from my work, and put to jail for thirty days, for refusal to pay fine and costs, amount- ing to fourteen dollars and eighty cents. My offense was laboring on Sunday, May 12 and 19, setting out plants and hoeing in nay garden. I made no noise, but was seen by certain individuals who take advantage of an old Sunday statute to persecute me, by taking away my liberty contrary to the Constitution of this country, which guarantees perfect lib-erty of conscience in matters of religion. It emphatically says that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Such were the principles of those who framed the Constitution and who knew from the in-justice and tyranny of other lands the value of the liberty to worship God according to the dictates of one's own conscience. And this is the principle taught by Jesus our Saviour. I praise him to-day for his precept and his example and for pointing out the way to all who would follow him. He says: " Fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul; but rather fear Him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell." R. R. WHALEY. -ŁŁ11,-Ł PRESS COMMENTS ON SOUTHERN PERSE- CUTIONS. [From the Lester (Iowa) Record.] GEORGIA is not in Russia; it is in the southeastern part of Protestant United States. Mississippi has followed the example of Georgia. Mr. R. T. Nash was arrested May 9, at Amory, Miss., for hoeing in his garden on Sunday. . . . Surely this is a Chris-tian(?) nation. [From the }Varney° (Kan.) Times.] THE laws of Georgia are severe on those who prefer to observe Saturday instead of Sunday as their day of worship. J. Q. Alli-son, of Douglasville, Ga., has been convicted for violating the Sabbath statute of that State. Mr. Allison believes that the more ancient statute is not obsolete, " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." [From the Dixon, (Cal.) Tribune, May 24, 1895.] THE Seventh-day Adventists in this State are a peaceable, moral and conscientious class of people, who observe their own Sabbath with a rectitude which' would do credit to other sects. We have every reason to suppose that the same characteristics appertain to the denomination in other States. The prosecu-tion and inhuman punishment to which Ad-ventists have lately been subjected in Tennes-see and Georgia for laboring on,Sunday, smack much of persecution and reveal a religious intolerance which should have no place in this enlightened country. [From, the Reedsburg (Wis.) Free Press.] PROBABLY as long as the world stands the majority will misuse its power by punishing members of the minority for entertaining and acting upon unpopular opinions. We are sorry to notice the crusade being waged in Georgia and Mississippi against people who, believing in and keeping Saturday as the Sab-bath, insist upon their right to labor on Sunday. We notice that recently a man in Georgia convicted of that offense has been placed in a chain-gang along with criminals whose punishment consists in working on roads and public works under a prison boss. The vindictive spirit that will enact and en- force a law to compel obedience to a religious form further than is necessary for the mainte-nance of good morals for the public good, is greatly to be deplored; but it exists, neverthe-less, always has, and probably always will. [From the Courier, Gibson City, Ill.] A WAVE of religious bigotry and persecution seems to be sweeping over the South. Fol-lowing the imprisonment of the Seventh-day victims in Tennessee comes the news that J. Q. Allison, of Douglasville, Ga., has been convicted of violating the Sabbath law of that State, and, as a punishment, sent to the chain-gang! Think of it. A Christian man, whose only offense was that he observed a different day as the Sabbath from his neigh-bors, is by their connivance forced into the chain-gang, to work with the vilest criminals, under cruel taskmasters! All this is sanc-tioned by the law in a so-called Christian State. Mr. Allison was saved from his horri-ble punishment by unknown friends' paying his fine, after the sheriff had started with him, but that does not mitigate the barbarity of the sentence. And Mississippi, too, joins in the proscrip-tion of the Seventh-day Adventists. We read that at Amory, in that State, on the 9th inst., Mr. R. T. Nash was arrested and imprisoned for hoeing in his garden on Sunday, having observed the previous day as the Sabbath. It is not in evidence that the good Christians who caused the arrest made any effort to interfere with the running of Sunday trains or the grosser forms of Sunday violation; but the man who spent the quiet hours at work in his garden, alone with his thoughts and his God, interfering with the rights and pleasures of no one, must be arrested, fined and per-haps doomed to the unspeakable horrors of the chain-gang. Is it not time for the friends of religious liberty to arouse themselves when such things are going on in,  a number of our States ? A Georgia Disgrace. [From the Four Corners, Wheatland, Cal., May 25.] J. Q. ALLISON, a pious Seventh-day Ad-ventist, of Douglasville, Ga., has been con-victed of violating the Sabbath statute of the State of Georgia, and sentenced to the chain-gang. Mr. Allison believes, that the more ancient statute is not obsolete: " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is. the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." We have looked up the Georgia law and find that it provides that the offender may " be punished by a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars, imprisonment not to exceed six months, to work in the chain-gang on the public works,- or on such other works as the county authorities may employ the chain-gang, not to exceed twelve months, and any one or more of these punishments may be ordered, in the discretion of the judge." What is here but a possibility of, first, a thousand-dollar fineŁ'  second, a six-months' imprisonment; third, the chain-gang; fourth, all three combined; fifth, he faces the possi-bility of being hired out to the highest bidder, to some contractor, and in either case, whether in the chain-gang of the State or the private contractor, should he refuse to work on the Sabbath, as he surely would, he " may be punished with death" ! Upon the heels of this disgraceful proceeding in Georgia is flashed the news from Amory, Miss., that Robert T. Nash, of that place, has been arrested for working in his garden on Sunday. If these news items were sent 