 602 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      of officers, to propose a great plan. This was to lay an ambuscade for the Inca, and take him prisoner in the face of the whole army. Says the histOrian, "The ar-rangement of the halls of the city seemed to be contrived on purpose for such a plan." "The plaza was defended on its three sides by ranges of buildings, with spacious halls and wide doors opening into the square. In this hall he stationed his cavalry in two divisions, the infan-try in another, and reserving twenty men to act with himself as occasion might demand, he waited the arrival of the Inca." At a given signal they were to utter their war cries, and rush out, putting the Peruvians to flight, and bear off the Inca. Having made their plans, mass was performed by the priests who accompanied them in the interests of the church. His final piously treacherous act was to send another message to the Inca, saying he had made prep-arations to entertain him. The Inca certainly entered the place in great confidence. Though on foot, and dis-pensing with a great part of his armed soldiery, there were thousands behind him, and hundreds passed before him to clear the way for his coming. As the leading file entered the plaza, not a Spaniard could be seen. When some five or six thousand bad entered the place, they halted, and Atahualpa demanded, "Where are the strangers?" "At this moment," says Prescott, "a Dominican friar came forward with his breviary in one hand and a crucifix in the other, and approaching him, told him he came by order of his com-mander, tŁo expound to him the doctrines of the true faith. He then entered into the mysterious doctrine of the trinity, and beginning with the creation of man, passed to his fall, redemption, the crucifixion, and the ascension, when the Saviour left the apostle Peter as vice regent on earth. This power transmitted to suc-cessors, or popes, one of the last of these had commis-sioned the Spanish monarch to conquer and convert the natives in this western land." The friar concluded "by asking him to renounce his own faith, embrace that they offered, and acknowledge himself tributary to the em-peror, Charles the Fifth." The eyes of the Inca flashed fire as he replied, "I will be no man's tributary. I am greater than any prince on earth. As for the pope, he must be crazy to talk of giving away countries which do not belong to him. My faith I will not change. Your god was put to death, but (pointing to the sun) my god lives in the heavens, and looks down on his children." On asking for the friar's au-thority, he was shown the Bible. He took it, looked at it a moment, then as the insult he had received flashed on him, he threw it down, and exclaimed, "Tell your com-rades they shall give an account of their doings in my land. I will not go from here till they have made me full satisfaction for all the wrongs they have com-mitted." Pizarro saw that the hour had come, the signal was given, and with the Spanish war-cry they sprung to the fray. Every Spaniard rushed from the halls, horse and foot, and threw themselves into the midst of the Indians. They, taken by surprise, stunned by the report of guns, blinded by the smoke, were panic-stricken. Nobles and common people were all trampled by the cavalry, who dealt fierce blows in every direction. Every avenue of escape was closed. The entrance to the square was soon filled with dead bodies, while round the Inca the massacre was hot. The Indians without weapons offered their bare bosoms to protect their king; they held onto the horses with dying grasp, in vain endeavor to protect him. Not till ten thousand had fallen, Was the Inca taken. He was then closely imprisoned, while the Span-ish sought for wealth and studied how they might make new acquisitions. The king discovered, amidst all the show of religious zeal, their appetite for gold. He therefore made an ef-fort to buy his freedom. Pizarro was astonished at the immensity of his offer, but a bargain was made in which it was agreed that the Inca should be free, when he had filled a room twenty-two feet long by seventeen feet brOad and nine feet high with gold, and an adjoining room of smaller size with silver. As the gold must be brought from all parts of the territory the time involved in this arrangement was long, In the meanwhile his im-prisoned brother was killed by Indians who were loyal to Alahualpa. Pizarro pretended to believe the king accountable for this. Impatient of the long delay in receiving the gold, and fearful of rival adventurers, he determined not to wait for the total fulfillment of the contract, but to melt what they already had, and make a division of the sum. This work took one month work-ing day and night. The weight was found to be about fifteen millions and a half of dollars in gold, and fifty-onethousand six hundred and ten marks in silver. After taking out one fifth for the crown of Spain, the rest was divided according to previous arrangements. Having finished this, the next question was what to do with this Inca. For they had no intention of freeing him. A form of a trial was at last given him, the charges being that he had usurped the crown, caused his brother's death, squandered the public revenue since the arrival of the Spaniards, that he was guilty of idolatry, and had a plurality of wives, and that he had attempted an insur-rection against the Spaniards. With such charges as these his doom was sealed. He was sentenced to be burned alive. Overcome with emo-tion he plead piteously for his life. But when he found Pizarro unyielding he submitted to his fate with Indian fortitude. The priest made a last appeal to him, prom-ising that if he would be baptized he need not be burned at the stake, but would be strangled only. He consented to baptism, thus adding one more to the names of con-verted(?) heathen to the Catholic faith. His conduct from the first had been most friendly to the Spanish. They repaid it with imprisonment, rob-bery and death. The contrast between the methods the 