AMERICAN SENTINEL. 523 The everlasting gospel calls upon all to worship God "who made heaven and earth, the sea, and the fountains of waters." That being so. it must be clear that no one ,can render acceptable worship to God who does not wor-ship him as the Creator. Nor is this all. To worship God as the Creator one must believe what he says as to the manner of his crea- ting. But the views that largely obtain in religious thought are completely at variance with what God says as to the origin of all things. Remembering what has been said in previous articles with reference to the chronology of the gospel message of Rev. 14:6, 7, when it says "worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea, and the fountains of waters," the implication is that in some respects the Lord has not hitherto been worshiped as the Creator. No one familiar with the wording of the fourth com-mandment will fail to notice the similarity between this gospel call and the statements found in the fourth com-mandment. In the commandment itself it says, "For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is." But it also brings to view the ad-ditional fact that the Lord also rested the seventh day, and because of this he "blessed the seventh day and hal-lowed it." From this it will be seen that there is a direct connec-tion between the creation itself and the seventh day. That day God expressly says is the Sabbath, and the Sabbath finds its source in, and is inseparably connected with, creation. It is God's signature, as it were, written upon all that he has created, so that the recognition of the seventh day is the recognition of his ownership over all things. The purpose of the Sabbath' is that we might know that God is the LordŠJehovahŠthat it is he who sanc-tifies his people, for the power by which he sanctifies is the power by which he created. As before pointed out, to believe that God created all things is to believe what he says as to the manner of creating them. Is it a mere coincidence then that from the pulpits of our land, and of other lands for that matter, are being breathed out views, which, while having no particular agreement each with the other, are all antagonistic to what the Word of God says with reference to the manner of the creation. There is no coincidence about it. It is a subtle plan on the part of the great arch deceiver, through such views to so befog the minds of the people that, losing sight of the object and purpose of the Sabbath, which if observed would lead to the proper worship of the Creator, they will the more easily fall in with the plan, well and skil-fully laid, to bring the people to worship the beast and his image. That he is succeeding cannot be questioned if we may judge from the multitudes who are wielding such an influence for the enforcing of what is confessedly the mark of the papacyŠthe Sunday, the great antago-nist of the Sabbath of Jehovah, the seventh day. To render to God then the worship that is demanded in the everlasting gospelŠto "worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea, and the fountains of waters," one must return to the keeping of the seventh day, which is the sign of his creative power. Ex. 31:13-17. Nor is it a coincidence that the very people who are calling attention to this everlasting gospel from the standpoint of the prophecy of Rev. 14:6, 7, preach as an essential part of the gospel the observance of the sev-enth day. 1.Ł Ł {e The Church Truant Under English Law. ACCORDING to the London Daily Mail (London, Eng.) absence from church on Sunday is still punishable under English law. The fact was called out by a case which came recently before 'a London court, of which the Mail makes the following mention. And it is fitting to re-remember in this connection that these Sunday laws handed down from former centuries show us unmistaka-bly what is the real tendency of Sunday legislation. The Mail says:Š "Very few members of the Church of England are aware that the bishops have still the power to oblige them to present themselves at church on every Sunday in the year, as well as on no less than twenty-eight saints' days. "Moreover, they could oblige them to fast at least a dozen times a year, if they felt so inclined. "The act under which this power is held by the bish-ops is one passed when people apparently were given to cock-fighting and other profane amusements on the Sab-bath, in the reign of Edward, A. D. 1551. Many years later another and more stringent law was enacted, but that has been repealed, while curiously enough, the older law is still in the statute book. The latter says:Š " `Forasmuche as, at all tymes, men be not so mynde-full to lawde and praise God, so readie to resorte and heare Godde's hollie worde, as their bounden dewtie do th require; therefore, to call men to remembraunce of their dewtie, it hath been provyded that there shoulde be cer-taine days appointed wherein Christians shoulde cease from all other kynde of labour and applie themselves onelye unto the aforesaide hollie workes.' "And if people should not obey willingly, then it isŠ " `Lawfull to all archebusshopps and busshopps td enquire of every persone that shall offend in the prem-isses, and to punishe each offender, and to enjoyne him such penaunce as shall be thought mete.' "It might be thought that this law is quite obsolete, but it is not so. Corresponding with the p6wer of the bishops to enforce attendance, there is a duty to provide accommodation for every parishioner. Quite recently a reformatory boy was refused admission to church by one of the churchwardens, and an action was brought against the latter. The judge decided in favor of the boy, and in giving judgment, he said that though the courts can no longer fine a man for not going to church on Sundays, the bishops can 'admonish' him if he refuses to go, and he would then be compelled to pay the whole costs of the proceeding." 