NOVEMBER 5, 1896. A\IVIMIEt140A.N SIENT`IN 1b141. 351 BOOKS FOR THE CHILDREN.  THE worst form of anarchy is that which has the sanction of "law." The worst form of evil is that which wears a religious guise. The devil is never so dangerous as when he appears as an angel of light. THE thing most essential to the stability and perpetuity of Republican government, is not a blind obedience by the people to man-made legislation, but a popular allegiance to right and justice against all forms of opposi-tion. "VOTE as you pray," is an expression often made of late, but liable to be made the me-dium of gross error. We are taught to pray, "Thy kingdom come; Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven ;" but that kingdom cannot be ushered in by means of the bal-lot. The plane of Christianity is altogether above any level to which even the highest human power can attain. No person can "vote for Christ" until the latter shall have become a candidate for pol-itical office. But he was never such a candi-date while on earth, and we have no evidence that he has changed in his purposes since the days of Pontius Pilate. On the contrary, we know that his gospel has the same method of propagation now as then, and that Christ himself is "the same yesterday, and to-day, and forever." Again, if we are to "vote for Christ," we must nominate the candidate, as well as vote for him. We cannot be bound in such a matter by the action of political parties. Rags Wanted.ŠThe Industrial Depart-ment of the Working Men's Home in Chicago is now in full operation. Several looms have been started, and the workmen have become expert enough to turn out a good many yards of matting, carpeting, and other fabrics, daily. We now want material. An almost unlimited amount of carpet rags can be used, and a liberal supply is needed right away. Just now there is great need of such material as worn-out soft woolen goods, worn calico dresses,.worn sheets, and worn-out woolen .blankets,Šanything made of soft wool or cotton. If you have not time to prepare the material, send it right along as it is, without any preparation whatever; we have a work-room for poor women, and can prepare the material ourselves. Be careful and put at least one hundred pounds in a package, or if it is more than one hundred pounds, avoid small fractions of one hundred pounds, as any excess will be charged for at the rate of one hundred pounds. It will cost just as much to send ten pounds as one hundred pounds. If you have not enough for so large a package, get your neighbors to contribute. Those who wish to organize sewing circles to prepare carpet rags for the Mission should send for directions. Freight and communications should be ad-dressed to the Working Men's Home, Indus-trial department, 42 Custom House Place, Chicago, Ill. To all who are interested we should be glad to send a little leaflet giving a full de, scription of the Mission. They are Cold.ŠThe family of homeless men at the Working Men's Home in Chicago has now increased to nearly two hundred, and as the cold weather comes on, we find our  supply of bedding getting short. - One cold night last week there were many bitter com-plaints of insufficient covering. If there are any who read this who have extra woolen blankets, be they ever so much worn, or ever so poor a quality, but thick and warm, which they can spare, there is no place in the world where they can do more good just now than at the Working Men's Home. We can man-age to keep comfortable for a week or two longer by means of extra fires, but when se-vere cold weather sets in, a considerable amount of extra bedding will be required, and the funds of the Mission are too low to make it consistent for us to purchase blank-ets. Any help our friends may send us will be greatly appreciated. In sending, please get a number to send together, so as to make up a hundred pound package. Blankets might be sent along with carpet rags, or worn garments of any de-scription. THE November Arena contains a paper by Mrs. Mary M. Harrison, who has for years made a study of child life, on " Children's Sense of Fear," which will be of especial in-terest to those engaged in training the young. Now that child psychology is being made a distinet.study, it is to be hoped that the bale-ful and pernicious old time custom of filling the minds of little innocent children with frightful pictures, so largely resorted hitherto' as a factor in their moral training, will be relegated to the barbarities of the past. THE CYCLONE STILL WHIRLS. Be Sure You Don't Miss the Whirl this Fall and Winter, For if you do you, will miss a chance of a lifetime to make fine wages at a time of the year when notning else can be accomplished. It will win you friends, and hold its trade as no other article that is now on the market will do. Give it a trial and your success is certain See what others say: DR J H KELLOGG, in Good Health, says: The manufac-turers of the Cyclone Washer, Messrs. Coon Bros., are evi-^ dently meeting with great success in the manufacture of their very useful invention. Their business has attained such proportions that they have found it necessary to erect a large commodious building for the manufacture of their washers, hundreds of which they are sending out every month to all parts of the United States. That the Cyclone Washer greatly lessens the labor of washing day and may be considered one of the most successful of the numerous devices for accom-plishing this purpose, is attested by hundreds of grateful wives. We have every reason to believe that the machine is all that it is claimed to be by the manufacturers. Agents wanted in every county. Addres4, COON BROTHERS, 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. BIBL  S - Ł Ł Ł s Ł A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. A NEW LINE.-simmax,,,-' With new and unique combination of Old and New Versions. Special Terms to any one who will sell two or more of them,. Send for Circular and Terms. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Ranting City, Mo. Ł WE offer the following three books as the best .of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner. The books cannot fail to be exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and -should be found in every home :Š LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - - $1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size as " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY, " and is really a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $1.00 A_ mother, than whom none can be more careful and particu-ar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child should not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Both " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid,Ł  for - $1.73  The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong binding. This book, which is 8x101 inches and inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. 1- The illustrations add very much to its educational value. Price. only 50 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 BOND STREET, - - NEW YORK CITY Interesting Facts Is the name of a neat little book of 96 pages, 4%x 5 inches bound in heavy paper, brim full of " interesting facts," questions and answers on different subjects, religious and political; " A Father's Talk to a Careless Daughter," "How to Bring Up a Son," " How to Bring Down a Son," etc., etc. The last 21 pages are an album containing the portraits of 21 different sovereigns of Europe, and is worth alone the price of the book. Regular price, 25 cents; we will send it post-paid for 20 cents in stamps, Address, PACIFIC PRESS Pun. Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. Arguments in behalf of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough cat-echism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages. Price, 25 cents. Send for Spring Catalog of Publications. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, ()al. Kansas City, Mo. 