432 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, JuLv 14, 1898. THE Editor is in attendance at the International Convention of the Christian Endeavorers, now in ses--sion at Nashville, Tenn., and we shall probably hear from there in our next issue. Don't miss it. THE Canadian Parliament has ex-cluded from Canada newspapers pub- lished in the United States on Sunday. By this the Parliament is enabled both to demonstrate its high moral-ity and gratify the natural instinct of the flesh to speak disparagingly of one's neighbor. THE battles now being fought in Cuba are the first in which civilized nations have used weapons of modern manufacture against each other. The result is terrible execu-tion when the projectiles reach their mark; but the casualties do not seem to be greater on the whole than oc-curred in the battles of former wars. THE army of the United States now in Cuba is probably the finest for its size that ever fought under the stars and stripes. Both physically and in point of morale and enthusiasm, the men are almost above criticism. And probably no American army ever surmounted such difficulties as have been overcome without a murmur of discontent by the soldiers at Santia-go. And this suggests one of the worst things about war : its victims are not the worst men in the country, but the best. SOME things that seem mysterious in the circumstances of the war are, that after having repeatedly cut the "last cable" between Cuba and other lands, Havana still remains in cable communication with Madrid; that the Spanish destroyer "Terror," after being sunk by the fleet in an effort to run into Santiago, is able to make an attack on the "St. Paul" at San  Juan; and that the decrepit Spanish government is able to supply its soldiers in Cuba with smokeless pow-der, to their great advantage, while the soldiers of "Uncle Sam" can only be supplied by their great country nearby with ordinary powder, the use of which in battle makes them a conspicuous target for the enemy. THE American " reconcentrados "Šthe wives and children of our great army of drunkardsŠare suffering and starving by thousands all over the national domain. For them no army appears with its devoted heroes ready to brave any danger and diffi-culty to effect their rescue. It seems to be the opinion of those who justify war in Cuba on the ground of hu-manity, that the cause of humanity is not represented in these hapless women and little ones at home. THE "Oenterist" or Roman Catholic party in the German Reichstag, have recently so gained in strength that they have demanded the repeal of the law banishing the Jesuits, and the re establishment of the Catholic department in the Ministry of Public Worship. Emperor William, how-ever, is reported to have said that as long as he is King of Prussia there shall be no vote sanctioning the re-turn of the Jesuits. POLITICAL corruption is apt to be far more manifest in the government of a colony than in the administra-tion of home affairs. The N. Y. Voice declares that the government of the territory of Alaska is almost as cor-rupt as is that of Spain in her colo-nies; and if this is true, the prospect for good government in territory so far distant as Hawaii or the Philip-pines cannot be said to, be bright. We are told disaster will befall the nation because of its disregard for Sunday; we are told that God's dis-pleasure is upon those who desecrate it; we are told that God will not fight the battles of those who do not honor  that holy (?) day; and yet, in spite of all this, it would seem that the very opposite is the case. Two whole fleets have been wiped out of exist-ence, with not the loss of a ship and only the death of one man on the American side; aad to-day the na_ tion is rejoicing because of the favor which they say God is bestowing upon them in their war with Spain. IT will now no doubt be the order of the day for the churches through-out the land to erect their poles and have their flag-raising exercises. The initiatory, we believe, has been taken in this direction by the Trinity Bap-tist Church of Jersey City. On July 4, on a grass plot in front of the church, an American flag was hoisted to the top of a sixty foot pole, and unfurled to the breeze with much ado. Patriotic addresses were made by several ministers from other churches; the Declaration of Independence was read, and "America," "The St ar Span-gled Banner," and "Columbia, the Gem of the Ocean," were sung, and a gun salate was given by the Boys' Brigade. Christ said to his church : "Ye shall receive power when the Holy Ghost is come upon you : and ye shall be my witnesses both in Jerusa-lem, and in all Judea, and Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth." Has the church received the power? Are they His witnesses? Christ said to the church: "Go ye into all the world, and PREACH THE GOSPEL to the whole creation." Is the church preaching the gospel? Christ said of his church : " They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." Reader, is that true of the church to-day? RITUALISTIC practices are found in fully half of the churches in England, according to the Tourists' Church Guide, published by the English Church Union. Out of 8,183 churches 4,334 use altar lights, 4,030 the mixed chalice,'2,026 vestments, while in 7,044 the eastward position is ob-served for the altar. 