560 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Well, the people understood, too well, that in this treaty the crafty pope was attacking their liberties, and they were accordingly indignant." "I am beginning to think that Rome is the mother of that unjust principle,Ša union of church and state," said Joe. "You are right, Joseph, and you are correct in call-ing it an unjust principle. It is as far removed from righteousness as the east is from the west, or the heavens from the earth," said the teacher, earnestly, as he bade his class good night. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. The Unseen Banners. "THERE are flags flying everywhere, mama," said Charlie Ross. "There is going to be a great celebration, because the people are so glad that victory has attended the American arms." "Yes, I have noticed the flags. It seems as if the atmosphere was fairly aquiver with stars and stripes. The flag stands for a great deal, a-nd it is not strange that we honor it. But, Charlie, I have often thought as I looked on the flying banners, that if our eyes were only truly open, we should see the real banners that stand for the principles of the unseen warfare." Ł "What do you mean, mania?" "I mean we should see the banner of the prince of darkness, the god of this world, who has usurped the throne of Christ, and the banner, the blood-stained ban ner of Prince Immanuel." "Why, mama, how literal you make it! Do you think we would see the armies of right and wrong, and look on the combat of two opposing armies?" "Why not, Charlie? We do see a part of the armies. But with the children of men go vast hosts of unseen warriors, and every human soul is enlisted on one side or on the other side of thecontroversy. Each one stands either under the black banner of the prince of dark-ness or under the blood-stained standard of Prince Im-manuel." "But the unseen hosts, mama, who are they?" "They are the angels, good and evil. You remember that when Lucifer fell from heaven, legions of angels fell with him, and it is their part to entice, persuade, and even to seek to force men to join them in their warfare against Christ and his angels. Indeed it is due to their power that torture has been employed to cause men to turn from their allegiance to Prince Jesus." "So the evil angels influence men, do they?" "Yes, Charlie. If we incline to our own way, and re-ject the counsel of God, we are left to the counsel of God's enemies. The power behind the thrones of men is determined by the attitude of kings and rulers to the counsel of God." "Mama, are there more evil angels than good an-gels?" "No, Charlie. When the Syrians came against the Israelites, urged on by evil angels, Elisha prayed that God would open his frightened servants' eyes to see the horses and chariots of God's unseen host about him, and he said, 'Fear not: for they that be with us are more than they that be against us.' "Then, mama, why is it that there are so many more wicked people in the world than good?" "The Bible says it is because they received not the love of the truth that they might be saved, and so are given over to strong delusion that they might believe a lie. God does not use any questionable methods to bring men into his service; for his service can only be a service of love for truth's sake. Satan and his hosts are unscrupulous, using deceit, making promises they can-not fulfill, and because men receive not the love of the truth when God sends it to them to be received if they chooseŠfor God uses no compulsionŠthey give them-selves over to deception." "There are more evil men now than ever, are there not, mama?" "Yes, Charlie. And the reason is that Satan knows he has but a short time. The very last battle in which there is the least prospect of victory is right at hand. While God is sending to earth bis armies, and pouring out the reserves of heaven, Satan is moving earth and hell to oppose God, to marshal all earth's inhabitants under his black banner, and leave not one soul to wel-come the true king of all the earth. And he is marshal-ing his hosts by every conceivable method, even putting on the guise of an angel of light, and winning men to his service in the name of Christ," "How terrible, mama! But is there not some way of rescuing some of these deceived souls?" "Yes, Charlie. By the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God, they may be. set free. It is our part to go into the thick of the fight, and cooperate with the good angels in bringing into Immanuel's army all who will receive the love of the truth. Every day the conflict wages hotter, and soon we shall prove the enmity of Satan against those who oppose his supremacy on earth. The Word says, 'The dragon was wroth with the woman [the true church], and went to make war with the rem-nant of her seed which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ.' Satan himself will materialize before men. Through Spiritualism, men are being prepared to bow down before the prince of rebels, believing him to be the Son of God, though he op-poses the commandments of God, and antagonizes the true faith of Jesus. Those who will not be led away by the evidences of their senses, but will hold firmly to the Word of God, will be counted as enemies to earth's right Ł ful sovereign, and the decree of death will be pronounced upon them." "But, mama, you know Christ is coming before the decree is carried into effect." "Yes, Charlie. The shining banner of Jesus will be revealed above unnumbered hosts of glorious angels 