AMERICAN SENTINEL. Hence, the objection of the Seventh-day Adventists to the flag salute should not be construed as antagonism to the flag or to the government the flag represents. The church wishes to say in conclusion that for the larger portion of the agitation and controversy over this question in Boulder the church or its officers are in no way responsible. Aside from the publication of an article in the Camera, of this city, by the elder of the church, neither the church nor its officers have authorized, nor been parties to, the publication, in any paper whatso-ever, of a single word on this question. And the church does not wish to be held responsible for the undignified representation of this question by others, nor as being governed by personal animosity or feeling, nor as desir-ing to excite public sympathy in behalf of its cause. Principles are above men, and above personalities, and it is for principle only that the Seventh-day Adventist church of Boulder would contend. And the church trusts that this expression of its conscientious convictions on this question, and.  not the representations of others, may be taken as voicing its true sentiments. The above paper was adopted as expressing the sen-timents of the Seventh-day Adventist church of Boulder at their regular morning service, Saturday, December 18. Of the two hundred present, there were but three oppos-ing votes. FRANCIS M. WILCOX, Elder, MRS. GEORGE PEASE, Clerk. A PLAN has been devised at the Vatican, it is re-ported, for remedying the falling off in "Peter's pence," which has of late been causing the papacy some concern. It is that of placing in every Catholic Church through-out the world a statue of St. Peter, together with an alms box, bearing an appropriate inscription. It is char-acteristic of the papal religion that it appeals to its ad-herents through the outward senses. It Stands Alone. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is the only weekly paper in the world published wholly in defense of the principles for which it stands. Can you afford to be without its weekly visits? ir-•4- -4 MR. F. OT To SENN, of St. Louis, Mo., in remitting for a nice club of subscriptions to the SENTINEL, expresses himself this way ; "I am a reader of the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, and support it only because I think it patriotic, and because it is the only religious paper I know of which recognizes and advocates the rights of free-think-ers and non-believers. I wish it continued success and prosperity." Studies in French History.-3. "Jun see my new note-book, Charlie," said Max Smith, as the boys and girls were gathering in the pleas-ant classroom. "Why, Max! you here? your brother Jack said last week, you had no notion of coming." "Well, I hadn't, at first, but fact is, Jack came home with his head full, and he just talked me into it; so now I'm going to learn just as much as ever I can from now on." "Good; and I see Joe Palmeter and his sister Maggie are coming,Šand if there are 'nt two, fOur, six, more I" "Well, I didn't think a plain talk about history would ever draw those Barnaby boys," said Max. "I'm sure I'm glad of it," he continued, "1 feel sorry for those boys, anyway. It's little help or encouragement they get at home. "You know Mr. Barnaby didn't keep his pledge last winter hardly long enough for the ink to dry." "Mother says a fellow can't break off a bad habit unless God helps him," said. Max reverently, "and 'guess she's right." By this time the little audience was seated. Profes-sor Carman's first words were those of cordial welcome to the new comers, and a kindly, greeting for them all. "I am glad to see so many note-books; for this lesson will, I think, contain many points of interest. "Where were we at the close of the last study? Yes, Edna, I'm sure you know, but I will ask Robert Billings to answer." "I believe Constantine professed to be converted," replied Robert, with a quick glance at his notebook. "Let's see; he was a Roman emperor, wasn't he?" "Yes; and this was about the first part of the fourth century. "But now we will just go back a little, and mention the people called `Franks,' whom we begin to hear about some 150 Years before this. They were very warlike tribes of Germans who came over into Gaul, and gave the people no end of trouble. A Roman general by the name of Aurelian, who afterward became emperor, tried to get rid of them, but he found it no easy task; finally, as they kept on coming, they were grudgingly allowed to stay. Those were troublous times. It was at about this period that the Runs, a ferocious tribe from Central Asia, headed by Attila, called the `scourge of God,' attacked the frightened people of Gaul. 