THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 55 at the schools is another. It can only be on a, righteous principle, faithfully adhered to by the patriotism of our Protestant bodies, acting as Americans, that the encroachments of Rome can be successfully withstood." Woman Suffrage. America is an excellent journal printed in Chicago. The Dexter Gazette, of' Maine, asked America why it did not give itself "to the advo-, easy of the enfranchisement of the wives and daughters of the white race native of this country that have reached the years of under-standing." In reply America gives 'some points which are worthy of careful considera-tion. Here they are:Š " There is no call to discuss, much less to ad-Vocate, the enfranchisement of women through-out the republic. When that subject really . presses to the front for solution, if it ever does, America will discuss it upon its- merits. It will not permit any Of that worshipful regard and 'admirable courtesy toward women, which is the honorable attitude of true Americans, to interfere with its view of the injurious effect the grant of the suffrage would have ' both upon the-  women themselves and the re-. public. It would take the position that nat-ure has placed an insuperable barrier to equality I of the sexes; that as the defense of the nation must ever devolve upon the men, the whole responsibility for the Govern-. went must always be intrusted to them. And if ever the question shall come squarely before the people, it will contend that not only the reptiblic, but women and humanity, have nothing to gain at all commensurate with what they would lose through the obliteration of the line which makes man the responsible party in public affairs, as he must be in the Iamily. Only cranks and sentimentalists talk about the practicability of leaving men at home to rock the cradles and manage the cook, while women go forth to canvass the ward and run the political machine. " When any-  newspaper advocates the en-franchisement of white native-born women only, it exposes what is the fallacy underlying the whole woman-suffrage movement, to wit, the possibility of discriminating between the wise and the foolish, the educated and the ig-norant, the virtuous and the vicious, the white and the black. When it comes to en-franchising women, they will all have to be taken together. There can be no separating the sheep from the goats. It will have to be another ease of fifteenth amendment. The right to vote will have to be extended to all women, unabridged by any condition on ac-count of sex, character, color, or previous con-dition of disfranchisement. "All advocacy of women suffrage is based on the theory that the exclusion of good 'women from' the exercise of the franchise is detrimental not only to them but to the best -interests of the republic. Common sense and experience teach that the influence of good women is decreased by the grant of the ballot,-. because they fail to avail themselves of it, while bad women and those under the control of depraved and ignorant men, are bold to seize upon the advantage for evil it affords. According to the United States census, the percentage of illiteracy is greater among fe-males than among males, and if illiteracy were construed to include ignorance of prin-ciples of government and justice, the dispar-ity would be almost beyond estimation. That there are many women better fitted mentally and. morally to vote than millions , of men must be conceded. But this begs the question. Until it can be shown that all women are equally equipped for the suffrage with all men, and that the virtuous among them would at-tend to their political duties more faithfully than the majority of the men in their sphere in life do, where is the reason or expediency of the extension. The question of extending the franchise to women will have to be discussed and set-tled not according to what a few women think, but upon broad principles as to the fitness, wisdom, and expediency of the revolution, for such it will be, as it affects the sexes, the prop-agation of species, and the permanence of the American home and. the American republic. Such joint resolutions as that introduced in the House of Representatives, ' by request,' by Congressman Mason, providing for a woman's suffrage amendment to the Constitu-tion, are the sheerest buncombe. Not one in-telligent woman in ten wants to be enfran-. chised, and scarcely one respectable woman in a hundred would use the ballot if placed in her hands." IN the late Democratic Convention there was an excellent example of "national Chris-tiLaity," such as we shall have when. the National Reformers succeed in their efforts. There were present the usual horde of hun-gry office-seekers in addition to the delegates. According to the published reports, the most of them were distinguiShed for their ability to swallow champagne. Probably not one in ten of those present ever uttered the name of the Deity except in blasphemy. But this is a "Christian country," therefore the proceed-ings must be opened each morning by prayer! And so the mob of howling politicians actu-ally quieted down and listened to a Prayer? Not much. They cared no more for the prayer than does the average Congress, or State Legislature; and for all the influence Bishop Granberry's prayer had upon the Convention, it might better have been deliv-ered in his closet. His lips were seen to move, by those who took the trouble to look at him, but "his words were heard only by the official stenographer below and thelisten-ing angels above." But nevertheless prayer was offered, and so the country is safe, be-cause the Convention was conducted in, a Christian manner. To us such scenes are disgusting and irrev-erent. But, according to the statements of National Reformers, that is just the thing that they want to have perpetuated. All they want is to' fix the Constitution so that there will be,Ł  114 possibility of dispensing with  prayer on such occasions as political 'conven-tions, possibly so that it will be necessary for the ward caucus to be opened with prayer, and then this will be "in name as well as in fact, a Christian country." Heaven save the mark! What s, travesty on Christianity that will be. That friends of the Christian religion should be anxious to see it so trampled in the dust, is almost beyond the possibility of belief. NOTE, ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. if the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE ABIDING SABBATH AND THE LORD'S DAY. A REVIEW by Alonzo T. Jones, Oakland, Cal., Pa-cific Press Publishing House; 173 pp.; price, 20 cents, post-paid. This pamphlet is devoted to a critical, review of two prize essays: One, "The Perpetual Obligation of the Lord's Day," by Rev. George Elliot, of West Union, Iowa, which was awarded a prize of $500 by the trustees of Dartmouth College, in 1883; the other, "The Lord's Day; Its Universal and Perpet-ual Obligation," by A. E. Waffle, M. A., formerly Pro-fessor of Rhetoric and English Literature in the University of Lewisburg, Pa., in 1884, which was awarded a prize of $1,000. To those who have a; taste for theological controversy, this little work will prove interesting reading. Those not familiar with arguments adduced from Scripture and history in behalf of the seventh-day Sabbath will find many of them here concisely and pointedly set forth.ŠTrue Educator. BOUND VOLUMES OF THE SENTINEL. HERE is something that every -Bible student, ev-ery student of history, every lover of religious lib-erty, and every American citizen should have; and we have reduced the price so that it is within the Ł reach orall. Buy it, read it, study it. Place a copy in every free library and public reading-room in the United States. We can furnish Volume 1 (1886), and Volume 2 (1887), of the AMERICAN SENTINEL bound in strong pa-per covers, with index, at 50 cents per volume, post-paid. The two volumes bound in one, in cloth, with in-dex and gilt title, for $1.50 post-paid. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro Street, Oakland, Cal. ASSORTED BACK NUMBERS OF the AMERICAN SENTINEL, $1.50 per hundred copies. Just the thing to use in depot racks, tract distribu-ters, and to hand to friends. They should be circu-lated largely at all political gatherings, religious and temperance conventions, etc. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, Oakland, Cal. PACIFIC HEALTH JOURNAL AND TEMPERANCE ADVOCATE. A THIRTY-TWO PAGE MONTHLY MAGAZINE, devoted to the dis-semination of true temperance principles, and instruction in the art of preserving health. It is emphatically A JOURNAL FOR THE PEOPLE, Containing what everybody wants to know, and is thoroughly practical. Its range of subjects is unlimited, embracing every-thing that in any way affects the health. Its articles being short and pointed, it is specially adapted to farmers, mechan-ics, and housekeepers, who have but little leisure for reading. It is just the journal that every family needs, and may be read with profit by all. Price, $1.00 per year, or with the 300-page premium bookŠ" Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temper. ante," containing household and cooking recipesŠpost-paid for $1.40. Address, PACIFIC,  PRESS, Publishers, Oakland, Cal. 