Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS. BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL FAIIOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanisms, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim-inated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 512 pages, cloth, $1.00. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW Yoax. APRIL 20, 1893. A.IviLhaticA.N 127 AMERICAN WATCH AND CHAIN.   PRICE, $ II 5 0 Ł    DUST-PROOF COLD-PLATED CASE. American Lever Movement, Patent Escapement and Regulator, Patent Winding and Setting Attachment Requiring no Key, 240 Beats to Minute; Hour, Minute, and Second Hands. THE CHEAPEST GENUINE _AMERICAN WATCH EVER SOLD. Timed, Tested, and Regulated. EVERY WATCH GUARANTEED. The case is strong and tight, of solid composition metal used the world over as a substitute for gold, with an Elegant Gold-plated Chain and Charm. Packed in a neat box and mailed to any address for $1.50 each; 3 for $4.00 by express ; one dozen for $15.00 by express. FULLY GUARANTEED TO KEEP ACCURATE TIME. It is fully as durable as the most expensive watch, and with fair usage will keep good time for TEN YEARS. This watch is being manufactured in lots of 100,000 at the rate of 1,000 PER DAY by the largest watch manu-facturing concern in the world. This constitutes the sole reason for its low price. It is a practical illustration of what may be done in this country by machinery and skilled operators when an article can be sold in large quan-tities. Its parts are not made by hand by "Pauper European labor " as are most of the cheap watches now sold, which never run long and can never be repaired. Automatic machinery does everything in this watcn, and every part is as true as a die can make it. The movement is the same as in all American watches, and is reaaily under-stood and repaired by any jeweler. Every Watch Timed, Tested, and Regulated before leaving our hands, and carefully packed with chain. A Few Testimonials for You to Read. We Have Them From Every State. WEBB CITY, Jan. 9, 1893. GENTLEMEN: I am much pleased with the Watch you sent me, and I will say it keeps right up on time. It has not varied any as yet. Most truly yours, DR. ANDERSON. C VI`0, Mass., Jan. 6, 1893. GENTLEMEN : I take pleasure in saying the Watch you sent me gave perfect satisfaction. It is a good time-keeper and all you recommend it to be. You will be favored with an order from me soon. Yours truly, W. G. DONNELL. CALDWELI, Jan. 3, 1893. SIRS : I received your Watch and found it to be as represented in the Twentieth. Century advertisement. It would be hard to improve on its time-keeping qualities. Yours truly, MOSES HINCHCLIFFE. Forte Wayne, Ind. R. H. Ingersoll & Bro., Room 44, 65 Cortlandt St., New YorkŠKind Sirs: It is a standing rule of mine when I see an admirable trait in any character, or a marked excellence in anything, to express appreciation either in public or in private. Taffy is better than epitaffy. Post-mortem praises do the dead no good. The corpse smells no flowers on its casket. Hence I want to say that I am delighted with your WatchŠa little gem. I keep it on my typewriter desk during week-days, right before my eyes, and it keeps splendid time; I then use it on my, pulpit Lord's days. Faithfully yours, REV. STEPHEN A. NORTHROP. R. H. INGERSOLL & BRO., Sole Mfrs., Room 44, 65 Cortlandt St., New York. THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM HEALTH FOODS. TO THE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek  Sanitarium Health Foods, manufac-tured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Com-pany, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demon-strated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the "Health Foods " in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health-giving properties. C. F. PORIER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods" are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia. I also find the Zwie- back nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. Dn. R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. Bnouutamox. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods " in our family for three years and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dys-pepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I found that your Gran-ola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Win. M. MERWIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy,  a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by hand." D. W. MoCouay. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., - BATTLE CREEK, MICH. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanitarian has maintained a Health Food Depart-ment, at first for the benefit of its patients and pa-trons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More Than 180 Tons of the following named foods have been manufac-tured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Food, No. I, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Food, No. 2, Infants' Food. Gra110Ia, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manu-factured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numerous imitations to which its success has given rise. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION- ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of all words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro-duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods stored, principal holidays, marriage anni-versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- da. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed; it prints all words pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing,:ittiligives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it ves the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these es alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents, Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. 