794 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sunday Closing in Englewood, N. J. A CRUSADE against Sunday opening of ice cream and candy shops is reported from Englewood, N. J. The following appeared in the New York Journal, of Decem-ber 11:Š "Mayor E. A. Brinkerhoff's crusade against the vio-lation of the Sunday blue laws in Englewood, N. J., was continued yesterday in his own peculiar way. He is a fierce opponent of the selling on Sunday of ice cream, soda water, candy, and other such sinful luxuries, but winks indulgently at the noisy but fashionable golf players who spend all of their Sabbath days on the links of the Englewood Golf Club. "From time immemorial the Englewood young man has treated the Englewood young woman to ice cream and candy in the course of their Sunday walks. In spite of this the criminal record of Englewood is not a start-ling one. The majority of the young men and young women of Englewood are not members of the golf club, which is an exclusive organization. "In a burst of virtuous indignation against the Sunday ice cream and soda selling Mayor Brinkerhoff last Sunday caused the arrest of F. W. Bergendahl, the leading caterer of the place. Bergendahl's fellow towns-men evidently did not share the mayor's opinion as to the gravity of the offense, for a jury promptly acquitted the caterer." Another paper gives this account of the trial and acquittal:Š "The all-important question, 'Shall ice cream be sold in Englewood on Sunday?' has been decided in the ° affirmative. "The decision was rendered yesterday by a jury of six representative men, and the town breathes easier. F. W. Bergendahl, dealer in candies and ice cream, had defied the order of Mayor E. A. Brinkerhoff, forbidding the sale of ice cream and candy on Sunday, and was arraigned for trial before Police Justice Dutton. "The court room was packed. "R. P. Wortendyke, city counsel, said that the old blue law, dating back to 1789, was due to the Biblical injunction that the Sabbath day should be kept holy. `Our Sabbaths,' he declared, 'should not be disturbed by the opening of candy and ice cream stores, which are not matters of necessity or charity.' "Chief Titus, the only witness against Bergendahl, said he had visited the store of Englewood's leading ca-terer on Sunday, November 26, and seen with his own eyes a box of ice cream sold. "Ernest Koester, counsel for the defendant, did not put his client on the witness stand. He simply made an address. 'What is ice cream but frozen milk, anyway?' he said, and there was loud applause. 'And we have shown the law that allows us to sell milk, on Sunday. I defy the Penal Code of New Jersey to stop this man from opening his store on Sunday.' "The crowd again applauded so vigorously that Counsel Wortendyke had to ask Justice Dutton to stop the demonstration. Wortendyke, replying, said that he was surprised-  at the ignorance of counsel on the  o 'her side in saying ice cream was frozen miik. 'Six days is enough for any man to do business,' he de-clared. "Justice Dutton charged the jury that under the law of 1893 ice cream wasn't frozen milk. The jury returned a verdict of 'Not guilty' in about ten minutes. It is said that every ice cream store in Englewood will be re-opened to-morrow." Sunday Closing in Paterson, N. J. CERTAIN BARBERS OF THAT CITY SAY THAT IF THEY MUST CLOSE ON SUNDAY ALL OTHER BUSINESS IN THE CITY MUST DO LIKEWISE. UPON an answer to the question whether shaving is a necessity or not on Sunday, says The World, "may depend the success or failure of the Sunday-closing movement in Paterson. It appears that there is but one decision in any way bearing upon the point. A bath on Sunday has been declared a necessity, and a shave, the barbers who are opposed to the Sunday-clos-ing movement argue, comes under the same rule. "Recorder Senior, who accepted complaints last week against a dozen barbers, butchers, and grocers, who did business on Sunday, has asked City Counsel Simonton for a written opinion, and the magistrate will be guided by that opinion in disposing of the cases. Those accused will be arraigned before him to-day. "The barbers, who insist upon their right to modern privileges, have arranged to form a secret organization in the event of an adverse decision and make the repeal of the blue laws speedy by their enforcement. They an-nounce they will tie up on Sunday all kinds of business unless a Sunday shave is declared a public necessity. "The possibilities involved are far-reaching. No more trolley rides on Sunday, music at the public parks to be silenced until the shave is restored, all worldly employment must cease, swains will be denied the priv-ilege of buying caramels for the evening, and railroads allowed to run but one train through the city. "With the barbers it is 'seal up the city or shave.' "The Barbers' Association declines to consider the question whether or not a Sunday shave is a necessity. The opposition insist on keeping open shops, and a number of them were open yesterday. "Within four weeks the legislature will convene and a fight for the repeal of the blue laws will be begun." BISHOP ARNETT, of the African Methodist Episcopa Church, has a poor opinion of white chaplains. He has called at the White House to offer the services of negro clergymen as army chaplains in place of those who have sought to escape service in the Philippines. Here is a case of black men offering to carry "the white man's burden."ŠSpringfield Republican. 