194 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. and State. Then they ought to be in favor of this petition. But the fact that they themselves call it a counter-petition shows that they regard it as directly opposed to their petition; and the fact that they themselves are bitterly opposed to this petition against a union of Church and State, shows that they themselves are strenuously work-ing for that very thing. Mr. Crafts says that his petition " simply asks a law to protect the people in their right to a weekly day of rest, without requiring of anyone a religious observance of the day, and without hin-dering those who observe another day from either worshiping on that day, or working on the first day of the weekŠunless the work be of such a nature, shop-keeping for instance, as will inter-fere with the general rest." Now, we ask, what necessity is there to ask for a law to protect the people in their right to a weekly day of rest? Who is attempting to de-prive them of it? Who could deprive them of it if the attempt were made ? Who can stop people from keeping a weekly rest-day if they want to keep it? These questions answer themselves. There is no law in the country to hinder any-body from resting on Sunday if he wants to, and there are very strict laws to preserve to the peo-ple their liberty to rest undisturbed. Can the ministers keep the rest-day?ŠCertainly. It has never been claimed that their right to worship undisturbed has been interfered with. Can the people rest on the Sunday ? They can if they want to. Then in what does the desired protec-tion consist? Simply in forcing those to observe it who do not want to keep it. That is all. But this is an unchristian act, in that it is doing to others what the doers would protest against if tried upon them, and also in that it can result in nothing else but the manufacture of infidels. It will have this result in two ways. First, by dis-gusting people by such unchristian methods car-ried on under the name of Christianity, and sec-ond, by substituting a form of Christianity for real service to God. It is not simply desired to force unbelievers to keep the day so as not to disturb those who wish to keep it, but it is desired to prevent church-members from breaking the day, for the indict-merit charged against the Sunday newspaper is that it is a continual temptation thrown in the way of church-members, and leads them to neg-lect church duties. Again and again we have seen it stated in religious journals that the Sun-day newspapers could not exist if it were not for the patronage of church-members. Therefore the desire about suppression of Sunday newspa-pers is that these weak-kneed professed Christians may not be tempted to belie their profession. In other words they ask the State to discipline their church-members. So that the protection they want is not to the Sunday, nor to the right of the people to observe the Sunday, but to the churches. Notice that Mr. Crafts says that while they want this Sunday law, they don't desire to hinder those who observe another day from working on the first day of the week, unless the work be of such a nature, shop-keeping for instance, as will interfere with the general rest. But how will shop-keeping interfere with the general rest? A man may have a store and keep it open and not interfere with anyone, if he does not go out on the street and drag people into it. If he re-mains in his store, as reputable dealers usually do, and.walts upon people who voluntarily come in_  to do business, he certainly does not interfere with anybody's rest. The whole scheme of this Sunday legislation seems to be based on the idea that the people, church-members as well as others, are bent on doing as they please on Sun-day, and that if any possible chance is given them to do business or seek pleasure they will run after it, and that to keep them to anything like an observance of Sunday, every possibility to break it must be taken out of the way, so that it will be impossible for them to do work or find amusements. What business has the State to say what kind of work a man may do upon a certain day ? The statement that they do not intend to stop any work except that which will interfere with the general rest, is a mere blind to cover up their design to stop everything. For it is certain that if so quiet an occupation as shop-keeping will interfere with the general rest, there is noth-ing that will not be considered as interfering with it. Mr. Crafts further states that the wording of the Blair Sunday bill, as originally presented, showed that it was designed to promote the relig-ous observance of the day, " but only by giving opportunity for the culture of conscience on the part of those who desired it through the general suspension of public business." As much as to say that a man could not cultivate his conscience if somebody else wefe working. Mr. Crafts must be one of those unfortunate individuals who think that religion is a matter for Sunday only, for' he doesn't propose to hinder people from la- boring six days in the week, yet he implies that a man can't develop his conscience unless every- body stops working. The thing is absurd on the face of it. It simply shows an effort to try to find an excuse for an unjust, oppressive law; but the excuse is -so thin that it only makes more apparent the weakness and injustice of the case. Again Mr. Crafts says:Š "It was stated in the hearing of the chief promoter of the counter-petition four months and a half ago, at the time of the Washington Convention and hearing, that the word ' promote ' in this connection would be changed to ' protect,' so that public worship so far as this bill is concerned, would simply have that protec-tion which any legitimate institution of the American people is entitled to on that day." We have no patience with any such quibbling as this. Mr. Crafts knows as well as anybody that public worship is already granted more pro-tection than any other institution on any day of the week. There are the most severe laws against the disturbance of public religious assem- blies. The bill had no reference to protection of public worship, and was not designed for any such purpose. We say this without any reserva- tion, because if all the burden these men had were simply the protection of public worship, they would be content with the laws already existing. No one would ever think of petitioning Congress to pass a law making it a crime to commit mur-der, because there are abundant laws in every State concerning that. And so the fact that re-ligious worship is already protected, abundantly shows that when Congress votes this law, they have something else in view entirely, that is not the protection of worship, but the enforcement of the religious observance-of the day, just as the bill itself says. But Mr. Crafts continues :Š Ł " Those who are urging this counter-petition by voice and pen attempt to enlist yet others in their motley army, by declaring what is as ridiculous as it is false, that the Sabbath-rest movement is only a preparatory step to a further measure compelling everybody to attend church on the first day of the week." It is true that the charge has been repeatedly made in the AMERICAN SENTINEL and elsewhere that the whole tendency of this Sunday-law movement is, toward compulsory church atten l- ance. These arguments have never been met, and no attempt has been made to meet them. And now when Mr. Crafts notices the charge he simply says that it is ridiculous and false. But a simple statement like that does not meet the case at all. The AMERICAN SENTINEL has not made any statements concerning the motives of those who desire Sunday legislation, but has sim- ply declared what this thing would inevitably lead to. If it had said that they deliberately in- tend to enforce church attendance, of course they could say that they do not, and that would be sufficient; but when we charge upon their move-ment, that it will necessarily result in compulsory church attendance, they cannot turn aside the force of this charge by simply asserting that it is absurd. The duty devolves upon them to show wherein it is absurd. Now we will just make a very brief argument that has before been made in support of this charge, and then will ask Mr. Crafts to show its absurdity. We take first the statement made by Mr. Crafts himself at the first hearing before the Senate Committee. He said " The postmaster-general agrees with me, and stated this morning, that it should not be possible for any post-master in this country to run the United States post-office as a rival and competitor and %ntagonist of the churches. The law allows the post-office to be kept open during the church hours unless the first mail of the day comes during those hours. If it comes five minutes or more before the church serv-ice begins, the post-office can be run and is run in many cases all through church hours, as the rival and competitor and antagonist of the churches." "A law forbidding the opening of the United States post-office during the usual hours of public worship would remedy this difficulty, and would be better than nothing; but we desire more than this. The law should also take from the local post-master the power to keep his employes at work at such hours as would prevent them from going to church." The idea of this is that the keeping open of the post-offices on Sunday prevents employes from going to church. Now suppose that the law is secured, and the post-offices are closed, and the clerks do not then attend church. It will be seen then that the reason why people work on Sunday instead of going to church is because they would rather do so. The Sunday-law peo-ple understand this just as well as we do, but that does not satisfy them. The churches must be attended. Now we submit as a reasonable proposition that if the post-offices are closed for the sole purpose of getting the employes to church, and that move does not succeed in get-ting them to church, then the next step will be to try some other method, and if that fails to try still another, until they have a simple, direct law requiring everyone unconditionally to attend church on Sunday. Then they will have just what Mr. Crafts at -the Washington Convention said they desired to have,Š" the ideal Sabbath of the Puritans." Again, the Rev. Henry Wilson, at the Elgin Convention, said plainly, while arguing for the Sunday law, "The industries of the world should be silent one day in seven that the toiler may hear the invitation of the Master, Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest, and that the temple of God may be built without the pound of the hammer." It is a simple statement that all they want the Sun- 