  "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World."  VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, MAY 24, 1894. NUMBER 21.     American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. EDITOR, ALONZO T. JONES. - - - CALVIN BOLLIVIAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, 1 WILLIAM H. MC SEE. " How shall a man be just with God ?" Tins has been the great inquiry of men ever since the days of the man of Uz, and long before. IN fact this has been the great inquiry of all men in all ages; it is the great inquiry still; and is yet to be a far more absorbing topic than it is now. AT each of the three great religious epochs of the world's historyŠthe deliver-ance of Israel from Egyptian bondage; the Apostolic Age ; and the Era of the ReformationŠthis has been the one great question at issue; and in our day it is again to be the great question at issue in the great controversy which is to be the culmination of all questions and of all earthly ages. " How shall a man be just with God ? " is and always has been the one single question at issue between Christianity and the papacy. And, as we have abundantly shown in these columns that it is now the avowed aim of the papacy to dominate this nation, and even " all mankind," and " all mankind " through this nation, it is evident that this nation is the pivot of the aim of the papacy. " The saviour from the Vatican" is now proposed as the saviour of this nation and of all the others. And as Christianity is ever uncompro-misingly opposed to the papacy; and as the one great question that is ever at issue between Christianity and the papacy is "How shall a man be just with God ?" it follows plainly enough that in our day this is to be the great question, not only in this nation, but in all the world. How then are men made righteousŠjustified, saved from sinŠaccording to the way of the papacy ?ŠIt is by penance. Proof ?ŠHere it is "Penance, by which the sins that we commit after baptism are  forgiven." " The sacrament of penance, in which the forgiveness of sins is granted to the penitent."ŠCatholic Belief, pp. 80, 366. One of these says that penance is the means by which the sins that we com-mit "after baptism" are forgiven. It is, therefore, important to know when, ac-cording to that system, baptism is to be administered; and by this to know how many sins can be committed before bap-tism. Here is the authoritative statement on that point :Š From what has been said, you may well judge how reprehensible is the conduct of Catholic parents who neglect to have their children baptized at the earliest possible moment, thereby risking their own souls, as well as the souls of their innocent offspring.ŠFaith of our Fathers, p. 813. Well then, as baptism is to be adminis-tered to the child at the earliest possible moment, it were literally impossible for such person ever to commit any sins except after his baptism. And as penance is the means of obtaining the forgiveness of sins committed after baptism, it follows plumply, and as plainly as that two and two make four, that, according to the papacy, penance is the way of forgiveness of all sin, is the way of justification, of salvation. There is no escaping this con-clusion from these premises. And indeed the papacy has no desire to escape this conclusion, for this is her specific doctrine. In his discussion of "-The Sacrament of Penance," in his book, " The Faith of Our Fathers," which was written for the en-lightenment of his " separated brethren," Cardinal Gibbons deals altogether with " forgiveness of sins " and "justification." This in itself is conclusive evidence that, in the papal system, penance and forgive-ness of sins, are one and the same thing. This is " the remedy for sin " and " the means for the justification of the sinner " PENANCE being the means of justifica-tion, the way of salvation from sin, what then is penance ? Here is the authorita-tive answer In the case of those who have fallen into mortal sin after baptism, when the guilt of such sin and the everlasting punishment due to it are forgiven, there still very often remains a debt of temporal punishment, to be paid by the sinner. This debt remains, not from any imperfection in the power of absolution in the sacrament of penance, nor from any want of efficacy in the atonement of Jesus Christ; but because by God's will, chastisement for past sins helps us to  compensate for the imperfection in our repentance, and serves as a correction.ŠCatholic Belief, p. 191. Now when the guilt of the sin, and the everlasting punishment due to it, are both forgiven and so have passed from the sinner, and yet he is not saved until a debt of temporal punishment has been paid by himself; then upon what does his salvation turn ? and who is his saviour ?ŠPlainly his salvation turns altogether upon the punishment; and as this debt of pun-ishment is to be paid by the sinner him-self, it just as certainly follows that the sinner is his own saviour. And thus penance, punishment, is the papal way of salvation. Nor is this allŠbut the Lord himself is made responsible for it, so that it is literally set forth as the divine way of salvation and the divine means of justi-fication. For it is plainly said that this debt of punishment, to be paid by the guiltless sinner remains "because by God's will chastisement for past sins helps us to compensate [to pay for] the imperfec-tion in our repentance, and serves as a correction." As the Lord forgives both the guilt and the everlasting punishment of the sin, and yet by his own will has fixed it that the sinner must still pay a debt of punishment in order to be justified and saved, then it is certain that, accord-ing to the papal system, God has made punishment, which is penance, the means of justification and the way of salvation, AND indeed this is also further stated by this same authority, as follows :Š From this we see that . . . He has not dispensed us from doing with the help of his grace what we can to punish ourselves for the offenses and outrages we have offered to God. Good sense tells us that this is both right and just.ŠId. p. 193. Everybody who will think on the sub-ject can easily enough see that instead of its being good sense, it is an utter lack of every element of sound sense that tells a man that it is in any sense either right or just that he should punish himself to save himself from himself. Yet as punishment is the only way of salvation known to the papacy, and as self is its own saviour, even this thing of a man's punishing of himself to save himself from himself is logical enough. And so essentially is punishmentŠpenanceŠthe papal way of salvation that even the dying thief, whom the Lord Jesus himself pardoned on the 