378 AlVitiMEtICAN VoL. 9, O. 48. them, nor any crusade preached up for the extirpation of them. Innocent III. was the first that proclaimed such a war against the Albigenses and Waldenses, and against Raymond, Count of Toulouse, their pro-tector. War might subdue the heads, and reduce whole bodies of people; but it was not capable of altering the sentiments of particular persons, or of hindering them from teaching their doctrines secretly. Whereupon the pope thought it advisable to set up a tribunal of such persons whose business it should be to make inquiry after heretics, and to draw up informa-tions against them: and from hence this tribunal was called The Inquisition.ŠVol. ii, p. 154. The same work previously referred to, " A Catholic Dictionary," article, " Dom- inicans," says:Š In 1204 and 1205 the Bishop of Osma was sent into France on the affair of a contemplated marriage be-tween King Alfonso IX. and a princess of the house of La Marche ; Dominic accompanied him as his chap-lain. The southern provinces of France were then teeming with heresies of the numerous sects which pass under the general name of Albigenses, and the peril seemed imminent that large numbers of persons would before long, if no restraining influence ap-peared, throw off the bonds of religion, social order, and morality. The death of the princess referred to ended the bishop's mission, and he turned his attention to combating heresy. The pope strongly approved of the object, but refused to allow the bishop to be absent from his diocese beyond two years. The result was that Dominic was finally left alone in the work of converting "here-tics." It was thus that he was brought into contact with " heresy," and his zeal for the " true church " and the " true faith" fired to that extent that his life was given to the extirpation of " heresy," first, by the preaching of what he proba-bly supposed was truth; second, by the so-called " holy war ;" and third, by tor-ture inflicted under the forms of civil law. On this point Rev. Samuel Edgar says :Š The holy office as well as the holy war showed Dom-inic's cruelty. The Inquisition, indeed, during his superintendence, had no legal tribunal ; and the en-gines of torment were not brought to the perfection exhibited in modern days of Spanish inquisitorial glory. But Dominic, notwithstanding, could, even with this bungling machinery and without a chartered establishment, gratify his feelings of benevolence in all their refinement and delicacy. Dislocating the joints of the refractory Albigensian, as practiced in the Tolosan Inquisition, afforded the saint a classical and Christian amusement. This kind operation he performed by " suspending his victim by a cord, af-fixed to his arms that were brought behind his back, which, being raised by a wheel, lifted off the ground the suspected Waldensian, man or woman who re-fused to confess, till forced by the violence of torture." Innocent commissioned Dominic to punish, not only by confiscation and banishment, but also with death; and, in the execution of his task, he stimulated the magistracy and populace to massacre the harmless professors of Waldensianism. " His saintship, by words and MIRACLES, convicted a hundred and eighty Albigenses, who were at one time committed to the llamas." 2ŠThe Variations of Popery, p. 567. It should be borne in mind that the concluding sentence of the paragraph quoted from Mr. Edgar's work, is a literal translation from a Catholic authority; thus, again, is Rome condemned out of the mouth of her own witness. Turning again to the " Catholic Dic-tionary," previously quoted, we find this testimony :Š Hussites. The followers of the Bohemian John Huss, rector of the university of Prague, who was burnt for heresy at the Council of Constance. . . Several crusades were preached against them. Again, under " Indulgences," the same Roman Catholic authority says:Š The period of the Crusades marks a turning point in the history of indulgences, for they were given more and more freely from that time onwards. In the first place it is to be noted that indulgences were given for wars analogous to the Crusades. For ex-ample, at the Council of Siena, in 1425, a plenary in- 2  Fuerunt aliquando simul exusti CLXXX hnretici Albigenses. cum antea et verbis et miraculis eos S. Dominions convicisset. Bell. de Laic. III. 33. Velly, 3. 435. Giannon, XV  dulgence was offered to those who took arms against the Hnssites; while -wars against the Waldenses, Albigenses, Moors and Turks were stimulated by the same means. Such evidence might be greatly multi- plied, but enough has been given from Catholic writers and authorities, to show conclusively that the rack, the stake, the torch, and the sword, have all been employed in the interests of the Roman Catholic propaganda, and this at the insti-gation of Roman Catholic sovereigns, prel- ates and popes. How then can Rome hope to escape the odium of the bitter persecution of the Middle Ages ?ŠIn the same manner that so-called Protestants of to-day seek to shirk responsibility for the persecution of those who differ from them in religious faith and practice; namely, by asserting that it is not religious persecution, but only the enforcement of civil law, and that the State and not the Church is re-sponsible. It was argued then, as it is now, that religion was essential to morality, and that morality was essential to good citizenship, and that, therefore, it was the bounden duty of the State to foster good morals by protecting the Christian faith. Note the language previously quoted from "A Cath-olic Dictionary," concerning Dominic's first acquaintance with the Albigenses The southern provinces of France were then teeming with the heresies of the numerous sects which pass under the general name of Albigenses, and the peril seemed imminent that large numbers of persons would, before long, if no restraining influence appeared, throw off the bonds of religion, social order and morality. It is the same to-day. Rev. Robert Pat-terson, D. D., says in defense of Sunday laws :Š It is the right of the State to protect by law such a fundamental support of government. This attack on the Sabbath is treason against the very foundations of government. As such, let it be resisted by every American citizen. The American Sabbuth is essential to American liberty, to our Republic, and to God's religion. ŠThe American Sabbath, by the Rev, Robert Patterson, D. D.; Presbyterian Board of Publication, Philadelphia, 1867. In like manner, Judge Robinson, of Maryland, before whom several Sev-enth-day Adventists have been tried and convicted for Sunday work, said recently, in substance: " Why, if we let these peo-ple go on, all restraint will be broken down and the way will be opened for horse-racing, gambling, etc., on Sunday." This was only putting into slightly dif-ferent phrase the papal "argument" of Ł the thirteenth century in justification of the Albigensean Crusade and the Inquisi-tion. It is neither better nor worse now than it was then. Then the Roman Cath-olic faith was regarded as the bulwark of social order, and so to be protected by civil law; now the Sunday institution is de-clared to be essential to good government and so, to be iealously guarded by the State. In these Sunday law persecutions, history is simply repeating itself. But the fact remains that while it was the civil power that inflicted the death penalty, the laws which authorized such things were enacted and promulgated in response to the demand of the church, just as Sunday laws and kindred measures are to-day enacted :and enforced in re-sponse to the united demands of the sev-eral " Protestant" sects. Rome did per-secute; first, by means of the civil power; and second, by means of her own courtŠthe Inquisition; and in like manner the Protestant churches of to-day are persecut-ing, by means of the " civil " Sunday laws of the several States, and by their own  secret courts of inquisition, the "law and order leagues," " Sabbath unions," etc. The likeness is complete. "Obey the Law Until Repealed." ARE Seventh-day Adventists justified in disobeying the laws of the land, enforc-ing idleness on Sunday ? To every member of the denomination this question has become of vital impor-tance. His honor, Judge Robinson, in. passing sentence upon Mr. Robert It. Whaley, now confined in the county jail at Centreville, Md., said it was Mr. Whaley's duty to obey the law until he could secure its modification or repeal. This has been the unanimous admoni-tion of judges from the village magistrate to the United States Circuit Court. It is the argument advanced against them by the organizations which are straining every nerve to maintain existing Sunday laws where endangered, and the enactment and enforcement of more stringent laws wher-ever possible. The following conversation recently occurred between an editor of the SENTINEL and a Sunday-law champion :Š Ques.ŠAre you in favor of the impris-onment of Seventh-day Adventists for la-boring on Sunday as now in progress in Tennessee, Maryland, and other States ? Ans.ŠSeventh-day Adventists, as law-abiding citizens, should obey the Sunday law until they can secure a repeal of the law. Ques.ŠAre you, then, in favor of re-pealing the Sunday laws under which they now suffer ? Ans.ŠI am not. Ques.ŠThen you would oppose the re-peal of the laws' by which Seventh-day Adventists are imprisoned ? Ans.ŠI certainly would. It is very evident that in many cases this counsel is not given in good faith; but there is reason to believe that it has been offered by those who are sincere and who desire to see the oppressive laws re-pealed. An evidence of this has just come to hand. This advice is given by a Lu-theran minister with whom we have cor-responded for some time and whom we know to be a friend of the cause of com-plete separation of Church and State, even to the extent of repealing all Sunday laws. But had the course here advised been fol-lowed by the heralds of truth in all ages, the whole world would now be enveloped in the blackness of heathen darkness. Daniel did not lobby to secure the repeal of the law, but opened his windows toward Jerusalem as aforetime, and prayed, in the face of a law of the world-conquering em-pire of Babylon, and the one great Lawgiver of the universe sanctioned the violation of that law, " and stopped the mouths of lions." The three Hebrews when ordered to bow down before the golden image, stood up, and violated the law of the empire, and again the Supreme Court of heaven rati-fied the violation and they emerged from the fiery furnace unharmed. And then the Chief Justice of the su-preme court of the universe came to earth in the person of his Son and violated the " civil Sabbath laws " of the Jews, his chosen nation, and faithfully kept the " Sabbath of the Lord," his own holy day, though hounded and persecuted by the Pharisees and Herodians, the Sabbath as-sociation and law and order league of Jerusalem; thus "leaving us an example that ye should follow in his steps." He 