138 A MERICAN SENTINEL. that men should act from principle than from some selfish motive? There is no possible reason why any Christian should want legislation on the subject of obedience to one of God's commands. Who is it that provides kir him and for all men, whether living in obedience to God or not? Does he believe that it is God who does this? Then, if he believes this, can he not have faith enough in his God to believe that He who cared for him in his disobedience, will also care for him when he becomes obedient? What is the standard of Christianity that is to be set up in this land? Is it that which says Christians must have the arm of the State to lean on in their journey to the celestial realm, and must have things made pleasant and convenient for them by civil enact-ments? The Seventh-day Adventists have pursued their way without the aid of any law in favor of the day they keep except the fourth commandment of the Decalogue. They have done this, and prospered, from the first, not only without such aid, but often in the face of legal oppo-sition, and of all the inconvenience that can be caused by differing in belief and practice from the majority around them. They neither ask nor desire any aid from the civil power, but are entirely willing to do as they believe God commands, and leave the results with Him. Is not this the standard of Christianity that ought to be maintained? Obedience to God from principle, simply as the result of faith in His Word, is Christianity. Anything less than this is not Christianity at all. Hence there can be no human law in favor of religion which is not contrary to Christianity. And therefore no such law ought ever to be enacted. 0- 0 --0-4 A "Great Discovery " vs. the Bible and History. " Chicago Israelite," January 9, 1897. ONE of the funniest theological discoveries is reported in the Chicago Tribune (December 28) as coming from one S. W. Gamble, a reverend gentleman of the South Kansas Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church. This gentleman discovered that the "Jewish Sabbath" was not Saturday, but was a changeable day and that "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy" never referred to Saturday. The gentleman did not notice that next to this commandment it is ordained, "six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, and the seventh day shall be the Sabbath to the Lord thy God;" hence it could not mean a changeable day. Then he admits that from the Exodus to the crucifixion the Jews did observe this self-same seventh-day Sabbath. There is some con-fusion of ideas in Mr. Gamble's mind, as indeed what Sabbath day was kept before the exode he cannot know, and that the Jews after the crucifixion always kept that very seventh-day SabbathŠthere never was a difference of opinion among the Jews on this point, although they lived thousands of miles from one another, and for long  centuries without intercommunication. The Falashees of Abyssinia and the Jews in the Rhenish cities and in Ratisbon, all claim to have been there respectively long before the crucifixion and yet they keep the same seventh day Sabbath as they did in Jerusalem, Antioch, Alexan-dria, and Rome in the time of the Casars, as you can see from the Latin classics. According to the Tribune Mr. Gamble's argument runs thus:Š Ł "The Sabbath of the Jews, from the Exodus until at least after the crucifixion, occurred on fixed datesŠthat is, on the fifteenth day of Abib, or Nisan, each year, be-cause it commemorated their freedom from Egyptian slavery on that date. It occurred the same day of the week with the fifteenth day of Abib until the day of Pentecost. The week including Pentecost contained six work days and two Sabbaths. The six work days fol-lowed the day of Pentecost Sabbath, which would bring the next Sabbath after Pentecost on the next day of the week to what it had been preceding that time in the year, making a change of the Sabbath day at Pentecost to the next day in the week each year. "The same law holds good in the count of the Sab-bath years and the year of jubilee. Each jubilee period was a perfect cycle in itself. The last week of years in each jubilee period contained six work years and two Sabbath years." If the reporter of the Tribune invented this argu-ment, he is guilty of murder with intent, malice, and forethought; it is a wicked satire on good Mr. Gamble. If the said reporter pleads not guilty, then the fallacy and folly of this argument are suicidal to Mr. Gamble's theology. The Passover has no connection whatever with the weekly Sabbath, although like every other feast ordained by Moses it is called a Sabbath, or a "time of rest." In the second place, Pentecost being on the fifti-eth day after the first of Passover, came at the beginning of the eighth week, and there can be no weekly Sabbath at the beginning of a week, as said in the Decalogue, ŠSix days thou shalt labor and the seventh day shall be Sabbath. No Mosaic law can go against the Decalogue. Aside from all this, the Pentecost and the Passover have no connection whatever with the Sabbath. The year of release was every seventh year exactly as the Sabbath was every seventh day. The jubilee year was added to the seven times seven years to make the era year in round numbers of fifty in place of the century, as we count now. The whole argument of Mr. Gamble is a theological fiction versus historical fact, futile and worthless. t ONE of the assumptions upon which Sunday laws are sought to be upheld, is that Sunday as a rest day is an "American institution." It Seems incredible that any intelligent person could regard this plea as anything more than an assumption, and an exceedingly poor one at that. An American institution is something the or-igin of which can be traced back to some event or series of events in the history of the American nation. But as every person knows, the Sunday rest can he traced back 