  486 AMERICAN SENTINEL.       This state of things did not continue. Israel desired a king, and God through Samuel directed that they be provided with one. They wished to be "like all the na-tions" (1 Sam. 8:20); and God in anger, not in gentle-ness, not in approval, granted their request. Hos. 13 : 9-11. And though the theocracy still remained; yet from that time it had a human mixture in it; it was the rule of God, through a king backed by the power of an army, and the king, working his own human will by means of an armed force, became to the people a god, not merely the instrument of Jehovah, but a veritable .deity, served and obeyed more abjectly and servilely than 'God ever required any one to serve a human being. The king was god. The government was the divinity of the nation. When the king served the Lord the people did so too, because the king commanded them to do so, and when the king became an idolater the people blindly followed their ruler because they were commanded or led by him in that direction; and if it be true, as Paul says, that ' To whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey" (Rom. 6:16), then 'the people of Israel under the kings were for the most part servants of the reigning monarch and not servants of God. When they served God, they served him because the government bade them do so and for fear of the pen-alties which might be brought upon them by command of the government, and that was not genuine service of God, but service of the government; and when the gsv-ernment served idols the people just as readily followed the government, and so the government was to them a 'deity. Twenty-one kings reigned in Jerusalem before the =captivity, and twelve of them followed evil courses, and In nearly *every instance the people followed the evil-minded monarch in his evil course. After the captivity, if we accept the record as written in Maccabees and Josephus and the New Testament, we find the same state of affairs. The people were inclined to follow the government. When Ezra or Nehemiah or "Zerubbabel or Judas Maccabes commanded the service of God, the people served the Lord; and when murderous Herod commanded the slaughter of innocent babes, or Annas or Caiaphas commanded direct emnity to the Son of God, the people obeyed and the rulers worked their own tyrannical wills. This is the record of theocracy as administered by human government backed up by armed force, and it is a record that showi to us in this age of progress that we had better have as clear a separation between Church and State, or religion and the State, as is possible. The union of the two can result only in evil, for man-kind can hope to furnish no greater proportion of right-eous rulers now out of a given line or number than could be produced in olden Israel with their continuous line of inspired prophets and priests. Paul warned the Christians of his day that evil men is ould spring up among them, not sparing the flock. Acts 20:29,30. Scarcely an epistle has been given us from apostolic pens that does not chronicle the tenden-cies of Christians to depart from the truth, or the efforts of professed Christians to rule the church in their own sinful way. James calls the members of the church adul-terers and adulteresses (James 4:1-5); and Jesus, in the messages to the seven churches (Rev. 2 and 3), brings charges against five churches of them, and serious charges, too, they are; and if the Bible itself tells us of failure on the part of God's people to serve him when the government was in their hands, of repeated and wicked departures from him, and even in the Christian age shows us that the Lord's people have the very same ancient tendency to depart from himŠthat in short, professed Christians are no fitter to trust with absolute control of State or nation than were the Israelites when God com-mitted just such a trust to them; that his people at+ just as likely to stray and wander and rebel now as they ever were, we may see also that religion and the State would better occupy entirely separate spheres. Still further, we see that mixing religion and the State in European coun-tries, mingling civil and religious affairs, has not made the governments of those countries or their people Chris-tian, but has had a tendency to make the people formal-ists, and therefore hypocrites; for formalism and hypoc-risy are in religion synonymous terms. Were it possible to enforce a Sunday or Sabbath law so perfectly that every living soul would be compelled to conform to the law, it would yet remain a fact that man-kind generally, in obeying the law, would, like ancient Israel, obey not from fear of God but from fear of the government, and they would therefore serve the govern-ment as a god, and would be government worship-ers and not Jehovah worshipers. But to worship any-thing instead of Jehovah, even to worship a government instead of Jehovah, is idolatry, and cannot be acceptable to God, for "they that worship the Father must worship him in spirit and in truth." " The Father seeketh such [and only such] to worship him." John 4:23,24. This kind of worship no government but a true theocracy, without the, intervention of any earthly armed force, can ever bring abolit or procure. " And one of the company said unto him, Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the inheritance with me. And he said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a divider over .you?" Luke 12:13,14. "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Csar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22:21. " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." "The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him at the last day." John 12:47, 48. "My kingdom is not of this world." John 18:36. If Christ, as declared in these Scriptures, utterly dis-claims kingly rule or the right to judge before the last day, where and how can his professed followers acquire such power in his name? It is certain that as the theoc-racy that was set up long ago failed to make men serve God in spirit and in truth, and as Christ claimed no 