THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 69 These, indeed, are but rags and remnants of perse-cution, and may be thought to be not so much an indication of the wish to .persecute as an example of that very frequent infirmity of English minds, which makes them take a preposterous pleasure in the assertion of a bad principle, when they are no longer bad enough to desire to carry it really into practice. That similar laws should have a place on the statute books of an enlightened Government like that of the United States, Šespecially when. it professes perfect re-ligious freedomŠentire separation of the ,civil Government 'from religionŠis sur-prising indeed. John Adams deplored the fact greatly. In a letter to Thomas Jefferson, dated at Quincy, January 23, 1826, he said :Š MY DEAR SIR: We think ourselves possessed, or at least we boast that we are so, of liberty of con-science on all subjects and of the right of free in-quiry and private judgment in all cases, and yet how far are we from these exalted privileges in fact. There exists, I believe, throughout the whole Christian world, a law which makes it blasphemy to deny, or to doubt, the divine inspiration of all the books of the Old and New Testaments, from Genesis to Revelation. In most countries of Europe it is punished by fire at the stake, or the rack, or the wheel. In England itself, it is punished by boring through the tongue with a red hot poker. In Amer-ica it is not much better ;* even in our Massachu-setts, which, I believe, upon the whole, is as tem-perate and moderate in religious zeal as most of the States, a law was made in the latter end of the last century repealing the cruel punishments of the former laws, but substituting fine and imprisonment upon all those blasphemies upon any book of the Old Testament or the New. Now, what free in-quiry, when a writer must surely encounter the risk ,of fine or imprisonment for adducing any argu-ments for investigation into the divine authority of those books ? . . It is true, few persons ap- pear desirous to put such law'; into execution, and it is also true that some few persons are hardy enough to venture to depart from them; but as long as they continue in force as laws,_ the human mind must make awkward and clumsy progress into its investigations. I wish they were repealed. The, substance and essence of Christianity, as I un-derstand it, is eternal and unchangeable, and will bear examination forever; but it has been mixed with extraneous ingredients, which, I think, will not bear examination, and they- ought to be sepa-rated. *The truth of Adams's statement is proved by the following  law, which, legally, is in force in the very capital of our Na-tion to-day,Šalthough, of course, it is a dead letter. It was a Maryland law enacted October, 1793, and, with the rest of the laws of Maryland, was adopted as a, law in the District of Columbia by the following act of Congress:Š SEcTioN 92. The laws of the State of Maryland not incon-sistent with this title, as the same existed on the twenty-seventh day of February, 1801, except as since modified or repealed by Congress or by authority thereof, or until so modi-fied or repealed, continue in force within the District." "Re-vised Statutes, District of Columbia," page 9. The first section of the act, entitled, " An act to punish bias--phemers, swearers, drunkards, and Sabbath-breakers." etc., reads as follows:Š " . That if any person shall hereafter, within this province, wittingly, maliciously, and advisedly, by writing or speaking, blaspheme, or curse God, or deny our Saviour Jesus Christ to be the Son of God, or shall deny the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, or the Godhead of any of the three persons, or the unity of the Godhead, or shall utter any profane words concerning the Holy Trinity, or any of the per-sons thereof, and shall be thereof convict by verdict, or cob-fession, shall, for the first offense, be bored through the tongue and fined twenty pounds sterling;  . . . ,and that for the second offense, the offender being  therefore convict as afore-said, shall be stigmatized by burning  in the forehead with the' letter B and fined forty pounds sterling;  . . . and that for the third offense, the offender being  convict as aforesaid, shall suffer death without the benefit of the clergy." " Laws of the District of Columbia," page 130 et seq. As incompatible as they are with religious equality, several of the States have similar laws, with the penalty somewhat modified, and now and then attemnts are made to enforce them. Blasphemy is purely a religious offense, and should be dealt with by the churches alone. The Government has no more right to deal with blasphemy than it has to deal with idolatry. The American peo-ple should never be satisfied until every one of these theocratic laws are removed from the statute books of the free States of America. Such laws as these have ever been used as a means of persecuting individuals speaking or teaching contrary to the pre-vailing religious opinions. Blasphemy was the charge against Christ, and under which he was crucified. Paul suffered repeatedly from these laws. The words of the town clerk at Ephesus were : " For ye have brought hither these men, which are neither robbers of churches, nor yet blasphemers of your goddess." Yet the same people who condemn these people in those unenlightened times for their in-justice in persecuting Paul, and others who differed with them, keep equally un-just laws upon our statute books to-day, and rejoice whenever judges can be found who are intolerant enough to enforce them. Never will the American people, or any other people, enjoy the full benefits of free institutions until they concede to others all the rights they claim for them-selves. That was one of the principles upon which this Government was founded, and must be recognized in making and in enforcing our laws. " The Government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded upon the Christian religion," says the Tripolitan treaty, made during Wash-ington's administration, in the very in-fancy of our Nation, and the attempts that are made to show special favor by law to the Christian religion, and to throw into jail any one who happens to speak against it, should receive the universal disapprobation of American citizens. All citizens in this Nation are on an equality. The Christian has just as good a right to speak against Mohammedanism as the Mohammedan has to speak against Christianity ;Šbut no better right. The Jew has just as much right to call Christ an impostor, as has the ,Christian to so call El Mandi. So, too, the infidel and Unitarian have just as much right to deny the inspiration of the Scriptures and the Trinity, as have the believer and Trinitarian to oppose the views of Robert G. Ingersoll and Ralph Waldo Emerson, Intolerance of the views of others is al-ways to be deplored; and especially so when powerful but illegitimate force on the 'part of the. Government is applied to crush the expression of opinion at variance with the dominant cult. People Łspeak of these things as trifles; but they will not prove to be trifles if the spirit of persecu-tion revives. We should keep in mind the words of England's great philosopher, John Stuart Mill. " Unhappily there is no security," says he, "in the state of the  public mind, that the suspension of worse forms of legal persecution, which has lasted for about the space of a generation, will continue. In this age the quiet sur-face of routine is as often ruffled by at-tempts to resuscitate past evils, as to in-troduce new benefits. What is boasted of at the present time as the revival of relig-ion, is always, in narrow and uncultivated minds, at least as much the revival of bigotry; and when there is the strong permanent leaven of intolerance in the feelings of a people, which at all times abides in the middle classes of this coun-try, it needs but little to provoke them into actively persecuting those whom they have never ceased to think proper objects of persecution." There are two principles that should be strictly adhered to, and which must be adhered to if we would have the best Government. First, the Government must let the individual alone; and, second, it must compel every one else to let him alone. The only time that the Govern-ment has a right to lay its hands on a person is when he interferes with the rights if others. " If the individual," says Mr. Mill, " refrains from molesting others in what concerns them, and merely acts ac-cording to his own inclination and judg-ment in things which concern himself, the same reasons which show that opinion should be free, prove also that he should be allowed, without molestation, to carry his opinions into practice at his own cost. That mankind are not infallible; that their truths, for the most part, are only half truths; that unity of opinion, unless resulting from the fullqt and freest com-parison of opposite opinions, is not desir-able, and diversity not an evil, but a good, until mankind are much more capable than at present of recognizing all sides of the truth,Šare principles applicable to men's modes of action, not less than to their opinions. "As it is useful that while mankind are imperfect there should be different opin-ions, so it is that there should be different experiments of living; that free scope should be given to varieties of character short of injury to others; and that the worth of different modes of life should be proved practically, when any one thinks fit to try them. It is desirable, in short, that in things which do not primarily concern others, individuality should assert itself. Where not the person's own char-acter, but the traditions or customs of other people are the rule of conduct, there is wanting one of the principal ingredients of human happiness, and quite the chief ingredient of individual and social prog- ress." W. A. BLAKELY "THE Sunday law can be enforced only by a denial of the right of religious lib-erty." 