,'SENTINEL:._ 455 Interesting Facts. AT this time when so much is being said concerning the nations of Europe, we believe it will be interesting to everybody to see the picture of some of the people who stand at the head of the various governments. The above heading is the name of a little book, which con-tains besides 74 pages of very interesting facts brought out in various ways, AN ALBUM OF 21 FINE HALF-TONE CUTS DIRECT FROM THE PHOTOGRAPHS of European royalty, and includes Victoria, Queen of England; Christian IX., of Denmark, and his Queen; Frederick; Crown Prince of Denmark; Oscar, King of Sweden; Sophia, Queen of Sweden; the King and Queen of Greece; Alexander III., Czar of Russia; and Maria Dagmar, Czarina of Russia; Wilhelm II., Emperor of Germany, and his wife; Josef I., Emperor of Austria, his Queen and her son; and others of equal importance and renown. This little book contains a total of 96 pages, nicely bound, in heavy paper, and was sold by the publisher at 25 cents. We will send it post-paid for 15 cents per copy, two copies for 25 cents. Send now. Postage stamps will be received. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. New York Fret Circulating Library: THE usefulness of the New York Free Circulating Li-brary can be greatly extended if donations of books are made to it by the many families who, at this season of the year, are disposing of books and magazines which they do not wish to retain when changing their homes, as many do in the spring, or when moving to the country. The New York Free Circulating Library will send for any books, if a postal card is sent to the librarian, Mr. Arthur E. Bostwick, No. 226 W. 42nd St. The Library has of late found its shelves practically denuded of many classes of literature, and there can be few better ways of bestowing books and magazines not needed in families, than sending them to the Free Circu-lating Library, through which channel they reach hun-dreds of grateful readers, instead of remaining unused in trunks and closets, as so often happens. Many who can-not afford to be subscribers to the Free Circulating Li-brary will be glad to know that they can contribute their share to the good the Library does in this way. 0) 4*, Nature-Study for Public Schools. NATURE-STUDY, or seeing familiar things in a new light, is a valuable factor in education. How many peo-ple can explain, so that a child can understand, why water puts out fire, why some young squash plants bring  their shells out of theground on their backs and others do not; or show the difference between a leaf-bud and a fruit-bud of the apple; or tell from whence all the house flies come? The world is full of such common things, about which people do not inquire. Yet, such subjects can be made very interesting to children, and they can be taken up in the schools, not at an added recitation, but as a rest exercise once or twice each week to relieve the monotony of the school room and later be made the theme for a language exercise. Here are two im-portant faculties that may be brought into exercise,Šaccurate observation and the power of expressing defi-nitely what is seen. The College of Agriculture of Cornell University, has, under the Nixon or Agricultural Extension bill, under-taken to assist, free of expense, all teachers who wish to introduce this work into their schools. All parents and teachers interested in this work are asked to send their, address for more detailed information to CHIEF CLERK, COLLEGE OF AGRICULTURE, Ithaca, N. Y. The Stomach: Its Disorders and Ł 9 Ł IoW to Cure Them. By J. H. KELLOGG, M. D., SUPERINTENDENT OF THE BATTLE CREEK (MICH.) SANITARIUM. This book presents in a nutshell what every person ought to know about the stomach, its functions in health, the symptoms produced by disease, and the best methods of cure. The long experience of the already well-known author in the treatment of stomach disorders, in his supervision of the Battle Creek Sanitarium, makes this a work of inestimable value, not only for the sick but those who desire to keep well. THE FOLLOWING ARE LEADING CHAPTER HEADINGS: The Organs of Digestion. The Maladies of the Modern Stomach, The Systematic Treatment of Indigestion, Food-, The Digestive Fluids Important and New Discoveries Relating to Digestioc, Treatment of Dis- Remedies for the Home Treatment of Dyspepsia, pepsia, General View of the Digestive Process, The Symptoms Dyspepsia, Quacks and Nostrums. The work is illustrated with more than one hundred and thirty cuts, ncluding eleven full-page plates, three colored plates, etc. This work ought to be in the hands of every dyspeptic. PRICE, Cloth, $1.50. - Half Buffing, $2.00. MODERN MEDICINE PUBLISHING COMPANY, Battle Creek, Mich. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW. Arguments in be-half of the rights of American citizens, presented by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday Rest Bill. A thorough catechism upon the subject of Church and State. 192 pages $0 25 Address, PACIFIC PRESS-PUBLISHING CO., 39 Box]) STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cat 