AMERICAN SENTINEL. 37 delegated to any man or government the right to legis-late between him and his- He is perfectly able to attend to each individual case; and for man to undertake to make laws which touch upon matters of conscientious belief, is the height of presumption. A conviction of these truths was at the foundation of the recent effort which I made to call attention to the inconsistency of "Sabbath legislation" by any organiza-tion of Christians. The Best Men for War. LORD CHARLES BERESPORD, one of the most promi-nent men connected with English naval affairs, is quoted in the London papers as saying on the subject of fighting and fighters:Š "The best fighting men were the `scallywags' of soci-ety, amongst whom he placed himself. Ile did not wish to be misunderstood, and he therefore mentioned that in his youth he was a boy who robbed orchards, who hated the idea of life at the desk, and to whom the prospect of a career in the army or navy was always most attrac-tive. It was such men, he believed, who made soldiers and sailors." This eminent authority on the subject no doubt tells the truth. -4r The Nature of God's Kingdom. THE word "kingdom" signifies a government, or sys-tem by which intelligent creatures are ruled over by one who is considered a superior. At least five elements, or component parts, must enter such an organization to render it complete and effective. These are: 1. Certain territory by which to mark the extent of the kingdom. 2. Subjects to occupy the territory and sustain the gov-ernment. 3. The king or ruler to whom the subjects are amenable. 4. A throne from which the decrees of the government emanate. 5. Laws by which the subjects may be governed, and the unity of the kingdom preserved. The heavens and the earth, with all things in them, being the product of God's creative power, it could be truthfully said that, though his throne was prepared in the heavens, "his kingdom ruleth over all." Ps. 103:19. His may be known as the "kingdom of heaven," because his throne is located in the heavens, but his kingdom ex-tends to the farthest limits of the universe, because every part of that wide domain is dependent on him for its ex-istence. One part of his vast domain was entrusted to man, whom he made in his own image, after his own likeness. Given all the noble qualities of the King of heaven, man was commissioned to rule the earth under the direction of the king himself. Gen. 1:26. Through man, as God's sub-ruler, the whole earth was to render homage to the Creator-King, and so manifest its loyalty to the rule of heaven. But man was only fairly installed in this Office  before a bold usurper appeared to wrest that power from him, and take to himself the rule of the territory intrusted to man's dominion. The story of how this was accomplished is familiar to many. Man was induced to disobey one of the pre-cepts of the kingdom of God, and by this declare himself an enemy of heaven's rule, and a friend of him who would dismember the kingdom. This act severed the earth from the rule of God, and placed it under the sway of Satan, God's greatest enemy. The situation at this juncture may be well illustrated by the following dia-gram:Š Let all the space within the cir-cle represent the entire universe, once in harmony, under the sway of God's rule, thus constituting it the kingdom of heaven. Let that part marked B stand for the earth which Satan wrested from the power of man, into whose possession it had been intrusted, as the representative of the kingdom of heaven. The kingdom being thus dismembered by Satan, it follows that the rule or government of the separated part will thenceforward be distinct from all the rest of the universe, which is still loyal to the rule of heaven, as shown by that part of the diagram marked A. No kingdom, however small and insignificant, whether it be a dependency or an imperial rule, can fail todisclose in its subjects the character of its ruler and the effect of his government. It is the same with the government of the two great general divisions of the universe. In God's-kingdom, no force is used to compel obedience, but every subject of that government is such voluntarily. God's representative on the earthŠthe Lord JesusŠsaid, "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." John 12:47. It was God's love for man which caused him to send Christ to die in place of the sinner. John 3:16. He asks no one to obey him except in love. He says, "If a man love me, he will keep my words." Again, "He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings." John 14:23,24. It is thus plainly revealed that love alone is the motive power of God's rule over his creatures, and that none can obey his rule except through love. This, then, shows that God, the Ruler of the heavenly kingdom, is love. 1 John 4:16. Not so, however, with the ruler of the disjointed por-tion of the universe. As he employed force in its usurpa-tion, so force must be the constant rule of his govern-ment as long as he maintains it. Since its seizure by Satan, every portion of the earth has, therefore, been,  ruled by force, more or less absolute, under the name of civil government. Whoever does not outwardly conform to the rule of this system, is immediately made an exam-ple of summary vengeance, as a warning to all others who may have thoughts of insubordination. Thus, the fear of punishment, instead of love for the ruler, is made the motive of obedience in the kingdoms of earth. Men have been so long associated with this sort of 