AMERICAN SENTINEL. 617 was to unite their churches to the new corporations in certain matters of detail, by extending the protection of the civil arm to the requirements of dogmas that were particularly dear to them, and by attaching certain dis-abilities to the profession of other religions than the Christian, as they considered it to be. Thus far they were false to the true American theory of government and to the Master's teaching of religion. But, again, they did not, because they could not, thus make their States religious. * CHIEF-JUSTICE AGNEW'S proposition, then, that "this is a Christian nation," may be translated in two ways. It may mean that "this is a Christian State." Thus ren-dered, it involves, as we have seen, a contradiction in terms. Or it may mean that the majority of the inhab-itants of the United States are professedly Christians. In this sense, it is true enough, but it is merely a histor-ical truth, a statistical truth, a social truth. It is not a truth of jurisprudence, it has not the slightest relevancy to any matter of legislative enactment or public admin-istration. Ł It is as much in place, and no more, where such things are concerned, .as the statement that the Mississippi River is higher at its mouth than at its source, or that the force of gravitation varies inversely as the square of the distance between a body and the center of the earth, or that most people in New Orleans have dark hair. * LET us illustrate. Ex-Justice Agnew comes of a dis-tinguished Pennsylvania family. He bears a name wor-thily immortalized- by Dr. D. Hayes Agnew, through mar-velous achievements in medicine and surgery. He was himself an honor to his name and his State while on the bench. Could he have been this, if he had been influenced in the slightest in the administration of that branch of Pennsylvania's government with which he was connected by this maxim of his that ours is a Christian nation? Because the first settlers of America were Christians, would he sentence a Christian to jail for a month, and a Hebrew to jail for a year when the two had committed precisely the same offense against the law of the land, which he swore to administer without partiality or favor? For a like reason would he break his official oath so far as to be biased between two litigants in a civil case brought before him, by reason of the fact that one of the parties thereto avowed his allegiance to MahOmet, while the other had been baptized a Presbyterian?ŠOf course not. * AND yet, it is equally a breach of duty in a judge who is called upon to decide the constitutionality of an Amer_ ican statute, to give any consideration to the statistical fact that a majority of the people who made the consti-tution were Christians as it is for him to meteŁout one  "justice" to the Christian and another to the pagan in a particular case. A Christian people, like other peoples, may totally separate Church and State, or may unite them to such extent as seems desirable. But if we declare that a total separation of Church and State is necessary, by our fundamental law, then any attempt of a legisla-ture or a court to unite the two becomes a usurpation; and it is perfectly immaterial whether the church selected for the combination happens to be that of the majority or that of the minority, past or present. * * JUDGE AGNEW further declares that other religions than the Christian have only been "tolerated" here. If this be true, the union of Church and State is complete in this "free" land of ours. No man is free who is "toler-ated" by others. As well talk of "tolerating" a Jew or an agnostic in the liberty of labor and locomotion or the possession of property, as to talk of tolerating his belief or his lack thereof in the matter of religion. As well may a Republican talk of tolerating the dissemination of Democratic doctrines, or vice versaŁ, as one religionist to talk of tolerating the faith of another. The absolute equality of all religions and of no religion before the law is the true American principle. Upon the good road to this glorious consummation the founders of this republic made some feeble, halting, tentative steps. They were checked by the zeitgeist, that perpetual impediment to truth and progress. They left to us, their children, the heritage of their well meaning, and ours is the brighter and better light that guides directly to the goal. Ii we are satisfied to leave their work where they stopped, we are false to them, and to the high and holy trust which they left us. It is ours to "reform it altogether;" ours to dig up the roots of the evil over which they strained with slipping fingers; ours to repudiate the slavery of words, and to deal with things as they are, and not as they are called; ours to strip off the last rags of mediw-valism from the fair form of Republican America, and let her beauty shine undimmed before the world. is e 44 Religious Scruples Respected. THE following item appeared in the Chattanooga (Tenn.) Times, of Sept. 9:Š "HuNTsviLLE, ALA., Sept. 6.ŠCharles Cross, a white mail carrier foi the city, was suspended to-day for thirty days pending his trial for insubordination. Cross is a Seventh-day Adventist and observes Saturday for his Sabbath. It so happened that all the substitutes were either on duty or away on leave of absence last Saturday when Cross was ordered to report for duty, which he pos-itively declined to do, hence his suspension." In a letter to a friend Mr.-Cross states that when his 