OCTOBER 4, 1894. A.Ailla,114CA1'N 309 spiritual, where they are advised to go by their superiors. They plant where they tell them to plant, and sow when they tell them to sow. The founders of the Republic builded better than they knew when they de-manded the separation of Church and State, and little did they imagine that Congress would ever pass a bill such as the one under consideration to-day, or that appropriations would ever be made as shown by this table and information taken from Government reports, and which I submit for printing in the Record as a portion of my remarks :Š mrxrg-r-gtt-la,--gs  P g th-,ogi.,.zggl.p,dg X A gllift4 a11pP5.R,0—, gr ,'04,;-  s 0Ł ,.8g, tJ 05Ptig e,-1 o-- trat , , . 0 , . . goo`I'rs. tit V4 . a 0,11, . , , fo ', - , 8 '6' o  , .. ... ., , Denominations. z.D 12 zsD ot T 'O'K  O:p.-  -:-. q,..o t. ga P . . CO 5. .. ..T o... Ii  CO g V 52 E 1 . Fa g en0c40 co -.1 1M ..k. ,... t8 ow00,pppp CO  Mco I-. ibo, V PP .o, w4,.c p.-amo . . =,lt ,,,,. cmp.m.o. . Fns' o oo cog  8 SO'''S'i.'48§§ il" 00 o, tv., ,P 8 a... -Y zoo., t,D,Š .g:,.... P., we..0' wPIx PdP" a'gi.s3 gakt lasv mft g ._ ...— ....,.... " - 'a Š co-coM - co 040t.'88 ZA2M'Cn  P o. 0 ..,,b.!. ka mc., c.., o.--, m=o, 448 :9; 12 Rge 72..vt ..i.N- 87 54 . ,.., ... ... -.  ..-. . . - . ''01 al ‰eD ,,,  0'40 Ob.0.. W.-1M ,-,C0 t38 288 ,:ilLt8 t8 g - P . . U '4 . -9 - E m o) . z.,.  c,.I.D,, cAco oo,p. g82 °O '82,<`M '88 SeS gt V m " m P o) 30 1323opPs"g8,.05 S 021., .4,14o co-oc.o gg,,JsEg5.1 --8 8 R 0 ,,- The sentiment of the American people is aroused against this unholy and uncon-stitutional union of Church and State shown by these figures, and bowing to this sentiment, if for no ther reason, were I high in authority in any of the ecclesi-astical bodies referred to that still asked for Government moneys, I would say that if my church wished to retain the good will and respect of Americans we could not afford to take a subsidy from the pub-lic treasury, and would have none of it. Several leading denominations have al-ready taken this course, and I desire to have read the resolutions they have adopted upon the subject. The clerk read as follows:Š By the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Omaha, Nebr., May, 1892. WHEREAS the appropriation of public funds for sec-tarian purposes by the national Government is not only wrong in principle, but in violation of both the letter and spirit of the Constitution of the United States: Therefore Resolved, That this General Conference of the Meth-odist Episcopal Church requests the missionary socie-ties working under its sanction or control to decline either to petition for or to receive from the national Government any moneys for educational work among the Indians. By the General Board of Managers of the Woman:s House Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal Church. Resolved, That the Woman's Home Missionary So-ciety of the Methodist Episcopal Church cordially ap- proves the action of the General Conference, requesting all benevolent societies of our church neither to appeal for nor accept from the national Government any moneys for Indian schools, not only because of its loyalty to the highest legislative and judicial body of the church, but because of its belief in the American principle of the absolute separation of Church and State. (This was the only organization con-nected with the Methodist Episcopal Church receiving national money for Indian education. It no longer receives appropriations.) By the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United States, Portland, Oregon, May, 1892. Resolved, I. That in the judgment of this assembly all public moneys expended upon the education of the Indians ought to be expended exclusively by Govern-ment officers upon Government schools. Resolved, II. That in the judgment of this assembly the practice of appropriating public money for the support of sectarian schools among the Indians, as is now done in contract schools, ought at once to cease. Resolved, III. That this assembly heartily approves of all proper efforts to secure the constitutional pro-hibition of all appropriations of public money to sec-tarian schools, either by the State or by the General Government. (Rev. Dr. William C. Roberts, secretary of the Board of Home Missions of the Presbyterian Church, the organization conducting for that denomination its school work among the Indians, writes under date of December 15, 1893: " We have contracts until July, 1894, when the Gov-ernment understands that we give up all connection with it.") By the General Assembly of the United Presbyterian Church of North America, Allegheny, Pa., May 31, 1892. Resolved, That we protest against all Government appropriations for the denominational Indian schools and for other sectarian purposes as unconstitutional, and petition Congress to refuse all applications for such appropriations. (This denomination has not received Government appropriations.) By the General Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church, sitting as the Board of Missions, Baltimore, Md., Oct. 19, 1892. Resolved, That in the judgment of this board sub-sidies from the Treasury of the United States in aid of Indian education ought neither to be sought nor to be accepted by this church, and that the board of managers be, and hereby is, requested to act from this time forth in accordance with this judgment. By the Board of Managers, Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church, December 13, 1892. Resolved, That in view of the action taken by the Board of Missions at its triennial meeting, and which was as follows:-- Resolved, That the general secretary be instructed respectfully to advise the United States Government that this board, while gratefully sensible of the past cooperation of the Government in its missionary work, finds itself unable, consistently with its convictions as to the incompetency of the Government to make ap-propriations for religious, ecclesiastical, or denomina-tional purpose, to accept such appropriations in the future. (Rev. Mr. Wm. S. Langford, General Secretary of " The Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of the Protestant Epis-copal Church," the organization conduct-ing for that denomination its school work among the Indians, writes under date of December 30, 1893, " All contracts which this society has had for educational pur-poses with the United States Government have terminated and none will be re-newed.") By the American Missionary Association (Congrega- tional), in annual session at Hartford, Conn., October 27, .1892. WHEREAS the system known as " Contract Schools," in connection with Indian work, is open to very serious abuse; and WHEREAS Government schools have now reached a position as to equipment, methods, and general effi-ciency, where the common school education among the  Indians may be safely and wisely intrusted to them; therefore Resolved, First, that public money expended upon the education of Indians ought to be expended exclu-sively by Government officers upon Government schools. Resolved, Second, that the practice of appropriating public money for the support of sectarian schools among the Indians ought henceforth to cease. Resolved, Third, that it is wise for the American Missionary Association to decline to seek or accept any subsidy from the Government, and that henceforth this society act in conformity with this purpose. (In the contract book of the Department of Indian Affairs there appears the fol-lowing entry : " August 14, 1893, F. L. Riggs declined to renew the contract for the Oahe School, because the American Missionary Association had decided not to receive Government aid." This severs all connection of the Congregational Church with national appropriations.) All of the foregoing bodies, together with the Baptist and Methodist Protestant churches, have also approved the follow-ing form of XVITH AMENDMENT TO THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION: " No State shall pass any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of founding, maintaining or aiding, by appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or otherwise, any church, religious denomination or reli-gious society, or any institution, society, or undertaking, which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical con-trol." MR. LINTON. Thus it will be seen that four great denominations that have here-tofore been beneficiaries of a system for-eign to to the principles of our Govern-ment, viz., the Methodists, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, and Congregationalist s, rep-resenting with adherents, a population of 14,750,000, now refuse to receive further grants of public money collected from the whole people, and they are joined by the important Baptist denomination that has never accepted, but always refused,* this public money for their missionary work: and I know other church societies are now protesting against this great wrong, while that great mass of our population not of-ficially connected with any church, num-bering at a low estimate 30,000,000, are outspoken and decidedly in earliest in their denunciation of this outrageous fraud that has been for years perpetrated upon the American people. I ask the members of the House to do away with this abomina-tion under our Government, and you will do much toward eliminating religious con-troversy from political questions. Some members will argue that the church can carry on these schools more cheaply than the Government. Those who consider this an argument are foes to the common-school system, and in favor of parochial schools instead, as the same reasoning would apply there also. Such argument is a confession that our citizens generally are incompetent to economically perform this duty, and I for one am not in favor of making any such admission, believing as I do that the average Ameri-can citizen, no matter what his sect or creed- may be, is as competent to 'carry on this work as any. The bill before us makes specific appro- * This is a mistake. For the facts as officially stated, see page 302 of last week's i5ENTINEL.,,--FlorroRS, r4 a,  g). g. Ł 5 el  P+ a a Co Ł gg PŁ P: SSK cft 0 c!). (T A 0 0 g p1 N  0'P rob CD0 0- 0 a 5 1coo °q  o o- o CI a  '-‚64  c> cy,  a itA.,  ct oo ()o co co 