AMERICAN SENTINEL. "No man could justify himself under the present civil institutions of the State in endangering the public peace [by speaking against the prevailing religion]. He might feel himself impelled by a stern sense of religious duty to brave public opinion and become a martyr for his zeal. All this he might do and justify himself in his own opinion for it before God. . . He who forcibly resists a bad religion is thus far like him who resists a bad govern-ment: if successful in his resistance he may become a re-former of men or a hero : if unsuccessful, a martyr or a traitor." And by this doctrine it would be a settled thing that the courts would be fully enlisted in the "laudable" -work of making martyrs and traitors of all such men. A blasphemer, a traitor, and a martyr, are precisely what were made of the Lord Jesus : and it was done by this identical doctrine. Such is the doctrine, and such the authority for the -doctrine, that is couched in the phrase "Christianity is part of the common law." And such is the means by which that doctrine has been perpetuated in the States -of the American Union. For in spite of the splendid -efforts of Jefferson and his fellow-workers for religious freedom, and in spite of the constitutional provisions in all the States, Chief Justice Clayton's decision has ever since been accepted as the standard on that subject. How appropriate it is that such an enormous fraud shoUld be supported by such a horrible doctrine. Yet what a pity and how astonishing it is that either the fraud or the doctrine should ever have found any counte_ mance by men who ever made any pretentions to enlight_ enment or justice, or who ever heard of Christianity! Blue Sunday Law With a Vengeance. New York Herald. IN refusing to approve the certificate of incorpora-tion of a Hebrew society on the ground that its annual meeting was to be held on Sunday, Justice Pryor has -carried the Puritanical spirit of the old Blue Sunday Law of this State even beyond its ridiculous letter. No objection was made to the character of the soci-ety, and there was no pretense that its annual meeting would be disorderly, boisterous, or would in any way in-terfere with the usual quiet and orderly observance of Sunday. Nor did Judge Pryor find that it would be un-lawful for the society to meet on that day. His objection is that the meeting would be "contrary to public policy" and in violation of "the sanctity of the Christian sab-bath which is sanctioned and secured by repeated acts of legislation extending from the colonial times to the pres--ent year and as well by the impressive deliverances of the 'Court of Appeals." That is Blue Sunday Law with a. vengeance. What-ever may be said of 'the rigid Puritanical legislation of Ł colonial times, it is straining the law beyond obvious -acts as well as all reason to hold that a harmlesstmeet- ing of a social organization on one Sunday in a year is contrary to the more sensible public policy and the more liberal popular sentiment that now prevail. Ł -4 -4 Is This Public Policy ? JUSTICE PRYOR, of the New York State Supreme Court, has decided that it is "contrary to the public policy of the State" for a corporate association to hold its annual meeting on Sunday. Upon what basis of fact does this "public policy of the State"Šif such it beŠrest ? Would a private business meeting of a corporate as-sociation disturb the,  peace and quiet of the day? Is it upon this basis that the State would from public policy forbid such, meetings one Sunday in the year and allow the running of street-cars and railway trains on every Sunday? Does the public policy of the State forbid such a yearly meeting as a desecration of the day, while allow-ing the public and noisy desecration of the day by street-car and railway corporations every Sunday in the year? It may be said that this desecration might also to be prohibited; but that is not the question raised by Judge Pr-yor's dictum. It is a fact that the State has allowed such desecration of Sunday from time immemorial; and it cannot be assumed that the State has gone contrary to its own public policy. One other ground remains to be noticed, that of the public utility of idleness as compared with honest employ-ment. Does the public policy of the State demand that the people should be idle on Sunday, doing, in very many cases at least, that which the devil finds for idle hands to do, rather than employed in some honest and virtuous occupation? The question needs no answer. How then does it appear that a yearly Sunday meet-ing of a corporate body would be contrary to the public policy of the State? What does appear is that Judge Pryor has mistaken his own private policy for the policy of the people. WE are informed that some of the managers of the District of Columbia Sunday bill, are trying to make capital at our-expense over what they claim is a stroke in the air ii our criticism of the bill. It will be remembered that we pointed out in the bill a palpable compromise with the liquor traffic. They say that this point is vain because there is practical prohibi-tion by law in the District of Columbia. This claim how-ever is merelytechnical : because whatever this practically prohibitive law may be, it is not enforceable. This we know from those very people themselves. The Reform Bureau of Washington, D. C., reported in the Union Signal, of January 7, a "Calendar of Reform Bills in Congress," and among them stands this: "Morse Bill (H R. 1888, House Report 1831), to make the liquor law of the District of Columbia enforceable." 