AMERICAN SENTINEL. 99 Under the Constitution, Congress alone can declare war; yet the President of the United States, without Congress, put into the field of warfare against the Fil-ipinos a larger army than was ever before raised by the United States to contend with a foreign power. This was a plain usurpation of power, growing out of the unauthorized policy that had been adopted in dealing with the territory taken from Spain. But with this, as with every step in the departure from the former principles, vigorous and unceasing efforts have been made to fortify it and establish it as a legitimate feat-ure of American, government. It has even been pro-posed, under this program of government "without the Constitution," that the President shall have authority to conclude secret treaties with other nations, himself alone, or with such advice as he may choose, from his cabinet or perchance from a Catholic prelate, instead of "by and with the advice and consent of the Senate," as the Constitution provides. As was inevitable, all these steps taken for the gov-ernment of foreign territory "without the Constitution,' and which were in the direction of "government by a single mind"Ša one-man powerŠhave begun to react upon the government of the home territory, to which it is still admitted the Constitution applies; and steps are now being taken at Washington to strengthen the power and authority of the Chief Executive over the people of the United States. A New Hampshire senator has moved for an amend-ment to the rules of the Senate, for the purpose of shut-ting off the privilege of speaking upon general resolu-tions that may be introduced. The proposed amend-ment provides that "All resolutions shall be referred without debate to their appropriate committees, unless the Senate by unanimous consent orders otherwise." The purpose and significance of this move are explained thus:Š "The adoption of this rule would make it impossible for any senator to speak during the morning hour upon any resolution which he might have offered, except by unanimous consent expressly granted, because any res-olution offered would go without debate to the appro-priate committee. The committees are in the control of the majority party in Congress, and would not report any resolution for consideration which did not support the administration. Thus, by the operation of this rule, the voice of free debate would be as completely stifled in the Senate as is the case in the House, where-nothing can be considered without the previous indorse-ment of the committee on rules. "The Senate, which has remained a deliberative body, where every State had the right, through its two senators, to be heard upon the general state of the country, would fall under the complete control of the men making up the majority of the committee on rules, and practically under the control of the one man who might be chairman of that committee." It is felt by the supporters of this move that there is too much talk in the Senate in favor of political lib- erty. A senator from South Dakota has been speaking in behalf of freedom for the people of the Philippines, and a senator from Illinois has been speaking in behalf of the Boers, and it is declared that the administration must not be subjected to such attacks. This propose& amendment to the rules will, if carried, practically shut off all speeches attacking the policy of the administra--  because it will be necessary first to Ł secure the- unanimous consent of the Senate, and the Senate will never be unanimous in opposition to the policy of the--President. It will consign all resolutions attacking theŁ President's policy to committees which "are in the con-trol of the majority party in Congress, and would not report any resolution for consideration which did not support the administration." Thus the administration will be left practically at liberty to pursue its own policy, regardless of Congress, which is to say, regardless of the people whom Congress. represents. And then, the Government will not be a government of the people by the people, but a govern-ment of the people by "the administration," which at least approximates to and must naturally soon resultŁ in, government by a single mindŠa one-man powerŠa,  monarchy as absolute as that of Russia. In line with all this that has been cited,is a bill that is now before Congress which provides that the Presi-dent shall be given complete authority to prescribe. rules of government and to appoint officials for their enforcement throughout the Philippine archipelago.. The passage of this measure is looked for at an early date. The Sabbath Changed By Law in the Cook Islands. THE following "Sabbath law" has, after much agitation upon the subject, been enacted by the Parlia-ment of the Cook Islands, in the South Pacific Ocean:Š "CHRISTMAS DAY ACT, 1899. "An act to regulate the calendar and assimilate the days of the week and months to those of other countries east of the 180th degree of longitude. "Be it enacted by the parliament of theCook Islands, with the approval of the British resident. "The short title of this act shall be the 'Christmas Day Act, 1899.' "2. The 25th and 26th of December of the New Zealand Calendar shall be observed as the Christmas day within the islands of the Cook group, and shall be treated as one day, and be called the 25th-day of De-cember, 1899. It shall further be held that the day following the said 25th shall be Tuesday, the 26th day of December. "3. It shall not be lawful for any one to follow his or her calling or ordinary employment, or do any work for profit or reward on the Sabbath day, as fixed by this act. - "Provided always that work of an urgent Datum 