BISHOP E. G. ANDREWS. A_ J. GORDON, D. D. 360 AMERICAN SENTINEL. TRUMPET TONES Numerical Growth and Spirituality of the Method-ist Church. By Bishop E. G. Andrews. So far as numbers may give evidence there has been an almost steady progress. In 1872 there were 76 an-nual conferences; in 1897, 124; in 1872, in round num-bers, and including those on trial, 9,000 effective minis-ters; now more than 14,000. In 1872 there were 1,400,-000 church mem-bers and probation-ers; now there are 2,800,000; in 1872 less than 1,300,000 Sunday school pu-pils, now more than 2,600,000; in 1872, 13,000 churches, valued at $57,000,-000; now 26,000, valued at $109,-000,000,with a par-allel increase in parsonages and their value. Has the spiritual life of the Church kept pace with this increase of its numbers, property and gifts, with this extension of its area, with this multiplication of its agencies? An easy optimism would fain answer, "Yes," but an easy optimism is not admissible in a time of transition like this, when a strenuous, perhaps a narrow, interpre-tation of the moral law is giving place in many quarters to a perilous laxity, as, for instance, touching Sabbath observances, amusements and selfish extravagances; when the Bible is undergoing a critical and in many cases an indifferent or hostile questioning.ŠFrom address de-livered at the 25th anniversary of his ordination. New York Herald, May 24. Without the Power. By the late John, McNeil. IT is positively painful to see the substitutes that are being tried to-day for the power of the Holy Ghost. Miserable substitutes are they all! One church is trying this plan, another that, and not one of them has found a new plan that is a permanent success. They are floun-dering, and some of them are foundering, and no wonder.  It will be no loss to the kingdom of God if churches which ignore the Holy Ghost should founder. Let us get back to Pentecostal methods. Thetrouble is that the churches have lost their way to, that "upper room."ŠFrom "The Spirit-Filled Life." Copyrighted byFleming H. RevellCo. The Fourth Century Compared with the Nine- teenth. By the late A. J. Gordon, D. D. UPON the enthronement of Constantine, the sentiment gradually changed, and the notion grew up that in order to convert the heathen it was necessary to conciliate them by conforming somewhat to their customs. The great Augustine also fell under this delusion, and gave his countenance to the engrafting into Christian worship of usages borrowed from the heathen. He said : "When peace was made (between the emperors of Rome and the church) the crowd of Gentiles who were anxious to em-brace Christianity were deterred by this, that whereas they had been accustomed to pass the holidays in drunk-enness and feasting before their idols, they could not easily consent to forego these most pernicious yet ancient pleasures. It seemed good then to our leaders to favor this part of their weakness, and for those festivals which they had relinquished, to substitute others in honor of the holy martyrs, which they might celebrate with similar luxury, though not with the same impiety." Here is the-door opened through which the whole troop of abomina-tions enteredŠsaint worship, idol worship, virgin worship Štill in an incredibly short time the church, which had gone forth to Christianize the heathen, was found to have beceme herself completely paganized. The nineteenth century is pre-senting almost the exact facsimile of the fourth century in this par-ticular. The notion having grown up that we must entertain men in order to win them to Christ, every invention for world-pleasing which human ingenuity can devise has been brought forward till the churches in multitudes of in- stances have been turned into play-houses, with theater-boards announcing the courses for the gay season, boldly- set up at the doors; and there is hardly a carnal amuse- ment that can be named, from billiards to dancing, which does not now find a nesting-place in theChristian sanctu- ary. Is it then phariseeism or pessimism to sound the note- of alarm and to predict that at the present fearful rate of progress, the close of this decade may see the Protestant church as completely assimilated to nineteenth century secularism as the Roman Catholic church was assimilated to fourth century paganism ?ŠFrom "How Christ Came to Church." Copyrighted by American Baptist Publica-tion Society. 