"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, MAY 3, 1894. NUMBER 18.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEICLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BoNo STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. TONES. CALVIN P. BOWMAN. ASSOCIATE. EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC BEE. To reject truth is to deny the Author of truth. That he might lead men to deny God and his Word, Satan has sought, from the beginning, to bring the divine statutes into contempt. This he has done by subtle perversion of truth ; thus estab-lishing in the minds of men erroneous views of the character of God, and incor-rect ideas of the teaching of Scripture. THERE can be no peace between truth and error. That conflict admits of no armistice. The armies of truth carry no flag of truce, There can be no cessation of hostilities. The contest is to the end. It is a strife between the statutes of man and the divine law of Jehovah, between the religious truth of God's Word and the religious error of human fable and tradi-tion. What will be the result ? Truth will win. Error will be vanquished. The eternal ages of God will be ushered in. Ł  Romanism the the Religion of Human Nature. THERE is great need that all who claim to be Christians should take the Scriptures as they read. There is need of arriving at right conclusions as to what the Scrip-tures mean in reference to the man of sin, who thought to change times and laws. He had no real power to change the time and the law of God, but he thought himself able to do this work; for he " opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." He is an imitator of the first great rebel, the originator 'of sin. In heaven Satan thought to change the laws of God, and for this purpose he changed his character and his position in the heavenly courts, and influenced others until they united with him in the work of rebellion against God; but he did not succeed in changing the law of God. God did not alter or  change his form of government to suit Satan's ideas, but made it manifest that the foundation of his government in heaven and earth is as unchangeable as is the throne itself. When Satan could not induce all the angels to rebel against the law of God, he made the earth the scene of his rebellion, and through the man of sin seeks to carry out his diabolical purpose. Through the papacy,Šthe Roman power, the man of sin,Šthe purpose of Satan is carried out among men; the law and the time of God are set aside. In this we see that Prot-estantism is giving encouragement to popery; and false systems of worship, against which our fathers manfully op-posed themselves, imperilling even prop-erty and life, are fostered and cherished and encouraged to extend and gain wide influence. Protestants do not search their Bibles as they should, and do not heed the warning that has been given concerning the work of the man of sin. The Roman Church claims that the pope is invested with supreme authority over all bishops and pastors, and this claim of supremacy was once denied by Protestants. They took the position that the Bible, and the Bible alone, constituted the rule of faith and doctrine, that the word of God is the only unerring guide for human souls, and that it is unnecessary and harmful to take the words of priests and prelates instead of the word of God. To the Romanist the Bible is a forbidden book, because it plainly reveals the errors of the Roman system; and whoever searches the Bible with an enlightened understanding, cannot long be in harmony with Romanism. He who searches the Bible to understand the truth, will find no authority in the Word of God for the as-sumption of power on the part of popes and cardinals. There is no word of God that sanctions their assumed superiority or supremacy over their people, as there is no word to sanction the claim that Lucifer made in heaven of superiority over Christ. The claim of the papacy to superiority is made under the influence of the first great usurper, who so persistently urged his right to supremacy over the host of God. Through the Dark Ages,Šthat long night of ignorance and superstition,Šthe  claim of the papacy to superiority and supremacy was conceded by emperors and kings, although God sanctioned no such concession, and raised up men to dispute the claim, and to break the Roraish yoke from the church of God. Through his appointed agencies God summoned the church to reassert her independence, and in the strength of God she stood forth in the liberty wherewith Christ had made her free. She broke away from the papal yoke, and with the Word of God in her hand, met the giant evil of Romanism, even as David met Goliath in the name of heaven, using his sling and a few pebble-stones. The defier of Israel was slain before the man of faith; and while men cling to the Word of the Lord, they cannot affiliate with the great system of error. The Lord has pronounced a curse upon those who take from or add to the Scrip-tures. The great I AM has decided what shall constitute the rule of faith and doc-trine, and he has designed that the Bible shall be a household book. The church that holds to the Word of God is irrec-oncilably separated from Rome. Rome never changes. Her principles have not altered in the least. She has not lessened the breach between herself and Protes-tants; they have done all the advancing. But what does this argue for the Protes-tantism of this day ? It is the rejection of Bible truth which makes men approach to infidelity. It is a backsliding church that lessens the distance between itself and the papacy. It is souls like Luther, Cranmer, Ridley, Hooper, and the thousands of noble men who were martyrs for the truth's sake, who are the true Protestants. They stood as faithful sentinels of truth, declaring that Protestantism is incapable of union with Romanism, but must be as far sep-arated from the principles of the papacy as is the east from the west. Such advo-cates of truth could no more harmonize with the man of sin than could Christ and his apostles. In earlier ages the righteous felt that it was impossible to affiliate with Rome, and, though their antagonism to this system of error was, maintained at the risk of property and, life, yet they had courage to maintain their separation, and manfully struggled 