748 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the public schools, the taxation of church property, and Sunday laws. "Resolved, that we heartily indorse the action of the Chicago superintendent of public schools in forbidding the reading of a certain poem as a part of the exercises in the schools on account of its religious and theistic tendencies. "Resolved, That we congratulate the Legislature of California upon its action in rejecting the bill presented at its last session exempting church property from taxation. "Resolved, That we condemn the bigoted persecution of the Seventh-day Adventists by the other Christian denominations, and that we extend sympathies to those who are suffering from such persecutions, and, although rejecting their religious views, we pledge them our-aid in working for political justice. "Resolved, That we recognize the power and lnfluence of the numerous local organizations of Spiritualists, and invite them to act as sentinels to give early warning of attempts to undermine the principles of secular government; and we further bespeak their cooperation in aiding us to promote and make effective our aims as expressed in the Nine Demands. "Resolved, That we condemn the action of any judge who uses his official position to advance the Christian religion by incorporating into his opinions any statement which may be interpreted as meaning that this nation is a Christian nation. "Resolved, That we regret the alliance between our present administration and the authorities of the Roman Catholic church in the attempted pacification and government of the Philippine islands, and that we demand that our Constitution shall not be violated by the establishment of religion in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. "Resolved, That we protest against the church laws in our new territory of Porto Rico, and urge Congress to adopt measures to effect the separation of church and state without considering the interest of any ecclesiastical body." American Antipathy to Republics. "Springfield (Mass.) Republican." PRESIDENT Kruger's refusal to permit United States Consul Macrum to send any more information to the British government concerning the British prisoners at Pretoria seems to make a stir at Washington; it may be asked, however, why any American should be sur-prised. After Ambassador Choate's recent "iron-clad friendship speech," what could President Kruger think of the situation? Is it notorious that the United States Government is in sympathy with Great Britain. It is openly preached in this country that Americans should sympathize with England as against the Boers, because it is for America's interest to have a friend in the British governmentŠnot to mention a return of favors for England's widely-advertised attitude during the Spanish war. Mr. Kruger knows all about it, and that he should mistrust the United States consul at Pretoria as a me- dium for communication with England is very natural. What has the United States done to prove its neutrality in this war? The Orange Free State, at least, is abso-lutely an independent sovereign nation with which the United States has a treaty, negotiated as between equals. The Free State is at war with Great Britain, yet the United States Government has not so much as issued a proclamation of neutrality. The unequal struggle of the Dutch farmers of South Africa against the'British empire is one of the most thrilling things in history, yet our Government has sunk so low in its fawning upon might and wealth and power that you must read ancient annals to learn that it ever looked kindly upon a weak people battling for its independence against a nation of conquerors. Sunday Closing and Temperance. ENGLEWOOD HAS A DRY SUNDAY: BUT, STRANGELY, THERE WERE MORE DRUNKS THAN EVER. New York "World," November 20. YESTERDAY was the dryest Sunday for Englewood in many years, but, strange to say, there were moreintoxi-cated men on the streets than have been seen in many days. Mayor Brinckerhoff instructed the police a few days ago to enforce the Sunday-closing law. The Englewood residents either filled their cellars on Saturday night or took the trolleys to the city yester-day morning. The Religious School Question in Japan. PRESSURE is being brought to bear upon the Japan-ese government, by the churches in the United States and the missionaries in Japan, to secure the repeal or modification of a decree lately promulgated by the Jap- anese Minister of Education, as follows:Š "It being essential, from the point of view of educa-tional administration, that general education should be independent of religion, religious instruction must not be given, or religious ceremonies performed at govern-ment schools, public schools, or schools whole curricula are regulated by provisions of law, even outside the reg-ular course of instruction." The matter was considered at a conference of officers of missionary societies held in this city November 9, and the following statement was adopted as expressing the sentiment of the meeting:Š "This conference, composed of officers and members of the missionary agencies of the Baptist, Congrega-tional, Episcopal, Methodist, Presbyterian, and Re-formed churches, would express its complete approval of the resolution adopted by the missionaries in Japan on August 16, in the conference called to consider the question of the relation of the schools supported by 