FETE..A.tvinFzioAN SENTINEL. 131 is the assembly ceiling fraud, by which the State treasury was robbed to the amount of $160,000, a systematic swindle carried on by the county clerk at Brooklyn; and that the investigation of the new West Washington Market disclosed " an amount of bribery and unclean politics that is making a bigger stench than the refuse of the market itself." Besides the Wall Street transac-tions of Henry S. Ives, and the bribing aldermen of '84, whose trial drags along, the account says that " all these are merely links in what seems to be an almost endless chain of scandals." It men-tions county court house frauds, canal frauds, aequeduct frauds, aldermanic frauds, custom house frauds, election frauds, and says: "One is, tempted to exclaim, in the language of Mac-beth, "What? will the line stretch out to the crack of doom?" The fifth item is a statement from Chicago that the Legislature of Illinois lately refused to pass an act to amend the divorce law, "which has become such a reproach in the estimation of all good citizens." The sixth item discusses specially the report of the United States Commissioner of Labor on " mar-riage and divorce," in which it is shown that the " divorce iniquity " is on the increase throughout the Nation ; that the annual rate of divorces for twenty years in the Nation has grown from 9,937 to 25,535, the total number of divorces in the twenty years being 328,716, making 657,432 persons divorced. And that more than 66,000 of the divorces were for adultery. And yet the Christian Statesman determinedly insists that the people of this Nation must declare by an amendment to the Constitution that this is a Christian Nation. What more is needed to show the deplorable inconsistency of the Chris-tian Statesman than the evidence which is supplied in its own columns ? This is not a Christian Na-tion; and a national declaration that it is, would be a piece of national blasphemy. Religious Persecution in Georgia. WE have already printed the Associated Press dispatch, concerning the persecution of Mr. D. Conklin, a Seventh-day Adventist, in Georgia, for working on Sunday, but we republish it for the sake of the comments made upon it by the Alle-gan (Mich.) Journal, from which the following is clipped. Sunday-law zealots would like to make it appear that all Seventh-day people who are or have been persecuted for working on Sunday were cranks and disputatious busybodies who deserved persecution on general principles; the following makes such an attempt impossible in this case:--- "D. Conklin, who was for several years a resident of Otsego, where ho was greatly respected, recently moved to Milton County, Georgia, and has been brought into serious trouble by his religious opinions, which are those of the Seventh-day Adventists. " Elder M. G. Huffman, of that sect, has written a letter to the General Conference, at Battle Creek, in which he says:Š " Mr. Conklin has been reported to the Grand Jury, and a bill found against him for working on Sunday, and all he did was to cut a few sticks of wood to build a fireŠjust what I have seen many others doing since I came to the State. The penalty for violating any portion of the law in this State is very severe. They have what is known in this State as a " chain gang," where those who violate the law are taken, and ball and chain fastened to one leg, and they are made to work on the public roads and railroads, and those who are put there are many of them treated worse than brutes; many have been whipped to death, and  doubtless if he should be taken for working on Sun-day he would be compelled to work on the Sabbath or be whipped. What is your advice? Should we be beaten in the Circuit Court? would you take the case to the Supreme Court ? and if so can you help us ? We are all poor here.' "This is the case of a man well known in this vicinity, and of whom his former neighbors speak in the highest terms. It scarcely seems credible that in the United States a man should be in danger of being sent to the chain-gang because, after conscientiously keeping the seventh day of the week, he sees fit to chop wood on the first day, but it is nevertheless true, and there is a good deal of this same religious intol-erance in our very midst. With this, and other simi-lar experiences in view, is it strange that the Seventh-day Adventists are bitterly opposed to the Blair Sun-day-Rest bill, which would render them amenable to law in other parts of the Union if they did any work on Sundays-?" The Blair Bill. THIS is the heading of the communication which follows, to which we herewith reply. While it is true that the Blair bill is dead, by the adjournment of Congress, yet the movement which resulted in the presentation of the Blair bill, is not dead, and we are assured that, as soon as the next Congress assembles, another bill will be presented, which will be even stronger than the one introduced by Senator Blair; therefore, it is not out of place to consider that bill even now. Following is the communication " EDITORS OF TICE AMERICAN SENTINEL : I wholly misapprehend the meaning of the Blair bill, if it mean anything more than that some one of the days in each week shall be observed as a day of rest. To this construction of the bill, I give my unqualified assent; to any other meaning of the proposed law, I am uncompromisingly opposed. I never will sup-port any law that takes from the citizen the light to observe, his own Sabbath according to his own con-victions of right. " It is in man's physical nature to need one day of rest in the week ; all toiling creatures, whose mus-cular energy is strung to its highest pitch to drive life's varied pursuits, or to promote man's pleasure, need a time to recuperate these worn and often over-taxed powers. For them, as well as for man, I plead for one day of rest at least. With the same zeal I would plead for religious freedom ; I would compel no man to observe for rest, and for religious exercise, a sabbath that he believes is not the day appointed by the divine Being. When we give away one item of that faith, so well expressed by our institutions, we take one step toward that despotism that has over-run the hopes of religious freedom in the world, one step from the principles upon which our institutions were founded. "Am I mistaken in the meaning of the Blair bill? or are you not wrong in opposing a measure, a speci-fication, that is comprehended in the great principle upon which your faith is founded? "J. W. HERVEY, A. M., M. D. " Indianapolis, Ind., Feb. 4, 1889." The fact is, as our correspondent suggests, that he wholly misapprehends the meaning of the Blair bill. He certainly did not read it very closely or he could have seen that it did mean a great deal more than that some day in each week should be observed, but that any individual was at liberty to select his own day of rest. It was entitled a " bill to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, as a day of rest, and to promote its observance as a day of religious wor-ship." In the new bill the word "protect" is to be substituted for " promote." Now this contem-plates nothing, less than the enforcement of the observance of the first day of the week, and that upon every individual within the jurisdiction of the proposed law. That this is true, is shown by the first section, which says that "no person or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employe of any person or corpo-ration, shall perform, or authorize to be performed, any secular work, labor, or business to the dis-turbance of others, works of necessity, mercy, and humanity excepted ; nor shall any person engage in any play, game, amusement, or recreation to the disturbance of others on the first day of the week, commonly known as the Lord's day, or during any part thereof; in any territory, district, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive jurisdic-tion of the United States." In the new bill this is to be made stronger. Instead of prohibiting work, amusements, or such like, " to the disturb-ance of others," they propose to prohibit any work or amusement that is done "in public," whether it disturbs anybody else or not. It needs no comment to show that our statement is true, that the purpose of the Blair bill is to compel everybody to keep Sunday. This is further shown by the introduction. It states that the object of the bill is to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, and to promote, or protect, its observance as a day of religious worship. Now as we have be-fore shown in the SENTINEL, there are ample laws in every State to protect the people in their rest upon Sunday, and also to protect them in their re-ligious worship. There is no necessity for a Sunday law in order that people-may be protected in the enjoyment of Sunday rest and worship. But note that it is not the people that are to be protected, but the day. The bill is " to protect the observ-ance of Sunday as a day of religious worship." That is a different thing from protecting the peo-ple. We protect a flower garden by building a fence around it, and putting up a sign warning people to keep off. So Sunday is to be protected as a day of religious worship by putting the fence of the law around it, and warning everybody not to trespass upon it. There is a vast difrerence between protecting people in their worship on Sunday, and protecting Sunday as a day of relig-ious worship. The former, the State is in duty bound to do, just as it is in duty bound to protect all citizens, at all times, who conduct themselves peaceably. The latter it has no business whatever to do. Our friend says that he would give his unquali-fied sanction to a bill providing that some one of the days in each week shall be observed as a day of rest, and gives as his reason that man's physical nat-ure needs one day of rest in a week. We hardly think he has considered this matter carefully, or he would not make so sweeping an assertion. We agree that it would be all right for the Govern-ment to enact a law that every man may rest one day in each week, or, in other words, that no one shall be compelled to labor seven days in-a week. But that would be the same as saying that no peaceable, law-abiding citizen shall be interfered with in his right to conduct his own affairs as he pleases, and our laws already provide that. It is a most pernicious idea that the State must com-pel a man by force to do everything that is for his physical or moral welfare. Let that princi-ple be admitted, and then every man's privilege of judgment is taken away. He is left no chance to decide what is good and what is bad. The State decides for him, and he becomes simply a ma-chine to be manipulated by the Government. Moreover, such a principle as that invests the law-makers with infallibility, in that it assumes that they are fully qualified to decide what is best 