THE AMERICAN SENTINFI, 51 "Sunday Labor." " THE LEGISLATURE OF MASSACHUSETTS TO 13E PE-TITIONED TO PROTECT THE BAKERS FROM IT." THE above, is the heading of an article we clip from the Boston Herald, of Mon-day, the 19th ult. A portion of the article reads as follows :Š The bakers of Boston affiliated with the Knights of Labor, took possession of District Assembly No. 30, Knights of Labor, yesterday afternoon, and urged that body to petition the Legislature to enact a law abolishing Sunday work in all bake-shops. It was claimed that Sunday work was unnecessary, and that it had a demoralizing effect upon the craft ; that its abolishment would tend to create thrift, in-dustry, and more temperate habits among the bakers. The Assembly unanimously voted to com-ply with the request of the bakers, and to instruct its delegates to the State Assembly, to urge that body to take up the bakers' cause. Here, indeed, would be something laugh-able in the extreme, if it were not, when viewed in the light of history;  so pro-phetic of coming evil. It seems that the bakers of Boston are desirous of stopping work on Sunday, but for some reason they do not dare to do so until they can induce the Legislature of the State to compel them to do the very thing they declare they want to do. So they 'desecrate the sacred day by holding a business meeting to urge the Knights of Labor to petition the Legislature to make a law to prohibit them from desecrating it. Well, well, can it be that these bakers who live under the very shadow of " Bunker's shaft of gray" have forgotten so entirely their rights as American citizens ? The very Declaration of Independence, which was the beginning of our national existence, declares that " all men are cre-ated free and equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights among which are life, liberty, and the pur-. suit of happiness." What is meant by liberty, which is here declared to be an inalienable right? What but the right of every man to his freedom, and the,use of his time as he sees fit, lim-ited only by the rights,of others ? It is the inalienable right of every one of these men to stop working when they please, and to -Work when they please, pro-vided they ,do not interfere with others' rights. When they petition the Legislature to' make laws compelling them to stop work on ,Sunday or on any other day, they pe-tition the Legislature to take away their inalienable rights. They petition the Leg islature to do what no legislature on earth has the right or power to do; for no. human power can in reality take away a right which God has given, and which is therefore inalienable. " Despotic power may invade these rights, but justice still confirms them." It has always been the tendency of leg-islathre bodies to be aggressive, and in-fringe on the rights of the people; hence they have had to be checked by Constitu-tions, and all sorts onimitations. When,  therefore, the people come to humbly beg to be enslaved, and to fairly plead that their most sacred right shall be infringed upon, will it be strange if the Government accommodates them sooner or later, and makes them slaves indeed ? One is re-minded by all these things; of the time when the Roman people became incapable of self-government and so looked More to the representative power for everything. Thus was built up a paternal government, and finally, an absolute despotism.' ',Can it be that we too are in the last days of the Republic, as then was Rome ? Sure it is, that when any 'considerable proportion of the citizens of a nation, come to request, or even to peaceably permit their inherent rights to be infringed, those rights will not long remain secure. G. E. FIFIELD. "The Nine Demands of Liberalism." WE have recently had occasion to pass some friendly criticisms upon the Amer- ican Secular Union. And now we are asked by a Southern correspondent to give our views of the " Nine Demands of Lib-eralism," which are .as follows:- 1. We demand that churches and other ecclesias-tical property shall be no longer exempt from just taxation. 2. We demand that the employment of chaplains in Congress, in State Legislatures, in the navy and militia, and in prisons, asylums, and all other in-stitutions supported by public money, shall be dis-continued. 3. We demand that all public appropriations for educational and charitable institutions of a sectarian character shall cease. 4. We demand that all religious services now sustained by the Government shall be. abolished; and especially that the use of the Bible in the public schoOls, whether ostensibly as a text-book or avow-edly as a book of religious worship, shall be pro-hibited. 5. We demand that the appointment, by the President of the United. States,' or by the governors of the various States, of all religious festivals and fasts shall wholly cease. 6. We demand that the judicial oath in the courts, and in all other departments of the Government, shall be abolished, and that simple affirmation under the pains and penalties of perjury shall be estab-lished in its stead. 7. We demand that all laws directly or indirectly enforcing the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath shall be repealed. 8. We demand that all laws looking to the en-forcement of " Christian." morality shall be abro-gated, and that all laws shall be conformed to the requirements of natural morality, equal rights and impartial liberty. 9. We demand that not only in the Constitution of the United States and of the several States, but also in the practical administration of the same, no privilege or advantage shall be conceded to Chris-tianity or any other special religion; that our entire political system shall be founded and administered on a purely secular basis; and' that whatever changes shall prove necessary to, this end shall be consistently, unflinchingly, and promptly made. These are the original " Nine Demands of Liberalism," and are almost identical with the demands of the American Secular Union. But why they should be the 'de-mands of Liberals more than the demands  of Christians is not exactly clear, for with little exception they are, in our opinion, perfectly proper and just, though in some respects scarcely strong enough. The first demand is eminently just. We sincerely wish that everywhere church property might be speedily subjected to its just share of taxation. This is now true of all church property in California, and re-cently the Baptists have shown a disposi-tion, in several quarters, to favor such taxation. Indeed, qne Baptist congrega-tion in Canada has asked that its property might be taxed the same as other property. We do not see how anybody can deny the justice and the propriety of this demand, come from whatever source it may. ' The second demand is likewise a right-eous one. The employment of chaplains by the State, is a relic of the union of Church and State. So far at' least as the Federal Government is concerned, it is in violation of the Constitution of the United States, which provides that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualifica-tion to any office or public trust under the United States." In the States, it is, to say the least, subversive of the fundamental principles of American institutions; and is everywhere contrary to the principles taught by our Lord Jesus Christ. Number three is correct in its intent, but is not broad enough. The word " re-ligious " ought to be in it in place of the word " sectarian," so that it would read, " We demand that all public appropria-tions for educational and charitable insti-_ tutions of a religious character shall cease.' This, we understand, is what the demand really means. If this is not what it means, we know that it is what it ought to mean. The -religious sects are now playing such casuistical tricks with the word "sec-tarian " that under cover of it they can obtain all the religious instruction they demand at public expense. Number four is in harmony with num-ber three, and is perfectly just. The Government should know neither religion nor irreligion. Civil government should be purely secular. Number five is a proper demand, and especially so as regards the President of the United States. The position of Jeffer-son, and the opinion of Madison on this question is the true doctrine of the princi-ples and the Constitution of the national Government. It would have been well for the country, and especially for the people, if all the Presidents of the United States had firmly maintained the position so ably announced and maintained by Jefferson. It is as follows :Š I consider the Government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermed-dling with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline, or exercises. This results not only from the provision, that no law shall be made respecting the establishment or free exercise of religion, but from that, also, which reserves to the States the powers not delegated to the United States. Cer-tainly, no power to prescribe any religious exercise, 