732 AMERICAN SENTINEL. agencies; and that when men or nations assume to fulfill God's purposes in their own wisdom, they only succeed in working against his purposes, in every case. And in the second place, what is wrong in itself, can never be excused by the plea of necessity. It is wrong to deprive any person of his natural rights, by conquer-ing him and holding him in subjection; and therefore it can never be necessary for any person to do such a thing any more than it can be necessary to do anything else that is wrong. "Necessity, the tyrant's plea," wrote Milton, is an :._cabs ror "devilish deeds." Right doing is the only necessity known to the Christian. With reference to the coercion of the secession States, it need only be pointed out that the war infringed no rights of the people of those States, but left them on a perfect political equality with all other people of the nation, as they were before and are to day. Hence they in no way relate to this discussion. Fixing the Price. THE United States, in advancing its military author-ity across the Pacific, found it convenient if not neces-sary to accept the military support of Great Britain. The English view of the case is that Britain's support was necessary; that the position of the United States as a sovereign power in Asia cannot be maintained without it; and that for this England is entitled to "material" compensation. The United States, in accepting Britain's aid, did not fix the price to be paid for the same; and now the latter power is making demands greater than theformer is disposed to give. The following from the N. Y. Sun states the situation:Š "As for the British demand that Pyramid Harbor or some other Alaskan seaport shall be made over as a free gift to Canada in advance of the proposed arbitra-tion, we are at a loss to know what consideration Eng-land can offer for such a sacrifice. What obligation we may have incurred to England at the outset of the war with Spain has been, by this time, discharged. Since the conclusion of the modus vivendi, which, it was supposed, would quiet the Canadian clamor about Alaska for at least a year, we have rendered services of vital import-ance to Great Britain. "By our announcement that we were resolved to maintain the 'open-door' policy in China, by the orders given to strengthen greatly our fleet in the Far East, and by the intimation that our South American squad-ron would be sent to the southealit coast of Africa, we indicated with all the clearness possible on the part of an American Executive, which does not possess the power of declaring war, that, in the event of the forma-tion of a Continental coalition against England, the moral, and if need be, the material, influence of the United States would be arrayed on England's side." It is evident that Great Britain does not allow that American obligation to her has been discharged, or that  the attitude of friendship displayed by the United States in the face of a prospective European Coalition against Great Britain, is all that the latter has a right to ask-And it is a bad time to fix the price of anything after the goods have been delivered and accepted. The. Truth about infallibility. "Present Truth." (London, irng.) THE infallibility of the Pope of Rome is claimed by Monsignor Vaughan partly from the following texts : "Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Matt. 28:20. "[will pray 'the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you for ever, even the Spirit of Truth, whom the world cannot recive." John 16:16, 17. When He, the.  Spirit of truth is come,He will guide you into all truth." John 16:13. "He shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you." John 14:26. But all these things were spoken to all the disciplesŠto all believers, the church as a whole. There is no room for a pope of any kind, for the Holy Spirit is Christ's Representative, and He is sent to the whole church, and to each individual impartially. The humblest believer is therefore far better qualified to declare the truth than the Pope of Rome is, for each believer has all the advan-tages that the Pope can possibly have, with this addi-tional advantage, that he does not profess to be pope. Self-exaltation shuts away the revelation of the Holy Spirit. Christ is meek and lowly in heart, and the truth of God is revaled unto babes. Matt. 11:.25, 29. " If any man willeth to do His will, he shall know of the doctrine." John 7:17. Protesting Against Robbery. WRITING of "Some Claims of Christian Missions in China," in the N. Y. Christian Advocate, the Rev. George B. Smyth says:Š "The history of the last three years in China has been one of momentous changes, political, industrial, and educational The Japanese war showed China to be a vast agglomeration of people held together by no strong central government, and ready to fall to pieces whenever the Western Powers were ready to strike the necessary blows. Some blows have been struck, and the disintegrating process has begun. On the north Russia has stripped her of her fairest possession, Man-churia; Germany is in practical possession of Shantung; England has a mortgage on the valley of the Yang tee; France is waiting for Kwanghsi and Kwangtung; Italy has her eye on Chekiang; and the only remaining sea-board province, Fookien,the scene of the most successful Christian work in the empire, is claimed by Japan. "To the people of China all this shows the Vi estern 