26 THE A:NIBIZICAN SENTINEL. " This common interest ought both to strengthen our determination to work, and our readiness to co-operate in every way with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens,. We may be subjected"to some rebuffs in our first prof-'fors, and the time is not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances and gladly to accept co-oilerVion in any form in which they man be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the necessities of the situation," That they will be subjected to rebuffs is cer- tain. Rome feels her strength, and will do nothing that can be construed into a conces-sion. Of late many of the Protestant denom- inations have been "speaking to the hearts" of the Catholics, throwing out compliments, as the Statesman has done, pronouncing the Catholic Church " a branch of the Church of Christ;" all of which causes the Catholics to smile in derision. Among the foremost of those who send compliments to Rome, stands H. W. Beecher. Yet in the controversy be- tween the bishop and his priest, McGlynn, the bishop charged the priest with attending a public meeting and sitting on the platform with Mr. Beecher! But, as Mr. Scovel says, the necessities of the situation compel the Re-formers to co-operate with Catholics on their own terms. They are willing to compromise, but Rome never makes compromises to her own disadvantage. If the Romish diplomats do not make all this turn to the interest of "the church," then they will make a new page in history. 111! 2. The Romish Church is a political power in the United States, and other churches are not. It is a common thing, and has been for years, to hear of .efforts being made by politi-cians "to secure the Catholic vote." If the people were half awake they would irk upon this state of things as a standing menace againstOur republican institutions. Who ever heard of any effort to secure the Methodist vote, the Presbyterian vote, or the Baptist vote? Why not as well as the Catholic vote? Because the right of private judgment ac- corded to Protestants, prevents their acting in so close concert. It is understood that the Catholics are acting " under authority "Šan authority outside of considerations of duty to the country; outside of regard for American institutions; that their votes are not strictly their own, if the church authorities require them to vote in a body. Their system and church discipline require all this. Induce- ments have been held out to them by political parties, and, consequently, the Catholics to-day really govern our large cities, and those cities are great centers of political influence. In the controversy with MCGlynn, the bishop said that Catholics must avoid social- istic and irreligious organizations. But, as the report says, from which we copy: " This does not mean that they are not to take an active part in politics whenever the authorities direct them to do so." Here is the secret of the whole matter. Their political affiliations and movements are .directed by "the authorities." . Their votes are cast in the interests of " the church " Ša foreign power. And our short-sighted public men have pursued a course to unify this  vote, and to strengthen its influence. And now, worst of all, the over-blind and misnamed Protestants are working in the same line, and serving the same foreign cause, for the sake ofŠwhat? Of fastening "National Chris-tianity" upon our land, even such as Catholic Rome has bound upon the nations of Europe. " Tell it not hi Gath . . lest the daugh- ters of the Philistines rejoice." And yet we are met with the query, " What is the harm?" 3. Not only are the Catholics courted by politicians and the " Reformers " (was ever a name so misapplied ?), but our Government it-self is debasing itself before Rome. The fol-lowing is of sufficient interest to publish en-tire. It is from the Christian Statesman:Š " Politicians are already beginning to set their sails for breezes from the Vatican, which are to decide the next presidential election! A Roman Catholic journal quotes, with tokens, of exultation, the following extract from a po-litical newspaper:Š " WORTHY OF NOTE.ŠThe fact that Presi-dent Cleveland sent Cardinal Gibbons a letter of congratulation on the occasion of that prelate's investiture with the purple, is worthy of note, as indicating the change that has taken place since the time when it would have been con-sidered a grave offense for a chief executive to notice in any not to speak of felicitat- ing, a dignitary of the Roman Catholic Church. One need not go back many years to arrive at such a time, and no longer ago than during the presidency of the late General Grant, con-siderable unfriendliness existed at Washing-ton, in certain quarters at least, towards Cath-olicity. The speech on the school question, which President Grant himself delivered at Des Moines, is sufficient proof of that assertion.' "Yes, indeed!. Worthy of note and of com-ment too. No American citizen has any moral right to assume 'the purple' here spoken of The Cardinalate is not an order of the Christian ministry, but a princedom in an alien and anti-republican court, a court which, by the Syllabus, has made war on ev-ery principle of the American Constitution. By accepting its purple,' Bishop Gibbons has accepted the-  yoke of this alien and odious despotism, and President Grant did right in repelling all advances of the kind. I am a friend of President Cleveland's administration, but this must be stopped. CITIZEN." Now that sounds very well; the comment is truthful. But indignant "citizen" must not forget that this "anti-republican court" was making war upon nothing but a " godless Con-stitution "Ša Constitution which, the Reform-ers say, it is criminal to uphold! Besides, the power that has thus made war upon our infi-del Constitution is the best representative of National Christianity on earth! And Na-tional Reformers are anxiously waiting for the time when that power will condescend to "strike hands " with them; and they have al-ready expressed a willingness to-co-operate in any form which Rome may be willing to ex'-hibit or dictate! 0 Reform! what a sWeet-sounding word, and how appropriately applied to the work of the "National Reform Asso-ciation "! But one more proof we have to offer; and it is enough. We will let the Christian Nation tell the story in its own language:Š " A REMARKABLE AFFAIR.ŠThe revenue cutter, W. E. Chandler, attracted a good deal of .attention on Monday morning, June 21, as she steamed down the bay to Quarantine. The Chandler had been seen frequently in  these very waters. There was nothing unus-ual about her, except that she carried a strange flagŠa flag not in the international code. No vessels carry it, and in fact it is only the second flag of its kind that has been displayed in the United States. It was made especially for this occasion. What was it ? A large banner bearing the symbol of the Holy See upon a white field. A Papal flag floating to the breezes from the bow of a United States revenue cater! " The facts are these: Archbishop Gibbons, of Baltimore, has been elected to succeed Cardinal McClosky. The investiture of the new Cardinal is attended with great cer-emony Ambassadors are sent from Rome to officially inform the new Cardinal of his election and to confer the beretta. These ambassadors were among the passengers on board the Cunard steamer Servia. A com-mittee of reception had been appointed to go down the bay to meet them. They went, and they went on the revenue cutter. Surveyor Beattie accompanied the party as the repre-sentative of the Treasury Department.' The United States Custom flag floated at the stern, and the Pope's flag was flying at the bow of the cutter. As the Chandler drew near, the Servia dropped her ensign twice in salute to the Papal banner, and received an acknowl-edgment in return. " It was this strange flag flying from the cutter that attracted so much attention, and since it has aroused questions in many minds. Why was the Pope's flag displayed on an American ship in American waters? Why was a revenue cutter placed at the disposal of a private committee? Why was the Treas-ury Department represented ? Why was such unusualrespect shown these Pontifical ambas-sadors who were coming on ecclesiastical bus-iness? They were in no sense representative men coming on public business. Our country is far famed for its religious toleration, but there is perhaps just a little too much pander-ing to Popery, which is, in spirit and in prin-ciple, the enemy of genuine liberty. The Ro-. man priesthood has ever been one of the most oppressive, absolute, and degrading despotisms exercised over the minds of men. The chains of priestly domination are so strongly riveted that there can be no liberty of opinion or free-dom of conscience. "When Popery had the power it perse-cuted, and when it has been the weaker power it has ever aimed at the ascendency, and its votaries have become either restless agitators or the ready tools of arbitrary power and oppression. It is alarming to see so much attention paid to the leaders of a system which has been essentially despotic, which never ap-peared but as a persecutor, and has ever been the ally of tyranny and the foe of liberty." The story is well told. Just one sentence we wish to notice. It says: " Our country is far famed for its religious toleration." Yes, it is too tolerantŠquite too tolerant. It is time this error was corrected. " Congress must es-tablish a standard of religion, or admit any-thing called religion." (Speech in Reform Convention.) Again: " There is perhaps just a little too much pandering to Popery, which is in spirit and in principle the enemy of gen-uine liberty." Oh, no; it was just well-mer-ited respect paid to the highest representative of National Christianity on earth! We have the word of the " Reformers " for it; and as for the Pope being " in spirit and in principle the enemy of genuine liberty," will the Re-formers please to tell us when and where was "National Christianity " anything but the en-emy of genuine liberty? They profess so great knowledge of history, let them cite the 