TIE SEN;TINEI., OF LIBERTY. 579 PURITANISM AND PAPACY. AN effort is being made to model this country upon the principles of Puritanism as it flourished in the early days of New England: It is, therefore, a matter of considerable interest to know what these principles are, and just how they affect political in-stitutions. " The principles of Puritainism," says George Bancroft, " proclaimed the civil magistrate subordi-nate to the authority of religion, and its haughtiness in this respect has been compared to ' the infatuated arrogance' of the Roman pontiff. In, the firmness with which the principle was asserted the Puritians did not yield to the Catholics, and, if the will of God is the criterion of justice, both were, in one sense, it' the right." But in what sense were they in the right? Cer-tainly, not in the sense that the ministers of religion ought to dominate the magistrates. This i§ just what the bishops did in the -fourth century, and we know something of the evils that came to both church and state as the result. It is true that under the theocracy the prophets were frequently bearers of divine messages to the Ł kings, but that was a very different thing from the rule of religion insisted upon alike by Puritain and Papist. God has a right to send by whom he will send, but no man has any right to arrogate to him-self the office of divine mouth-piece to command civil magistrates in accordance with his interpreta-tion of the divine will. Moreover, while both Puritan and Papist claimed for the minister of religion authority over the civil magistrate, each denied the validity of that claim as put forth by the other. "In the Roman Catholic Church,' continues Bancroft, " the office [of interpreter of the divine will] was claimed by the infallible pontiff, who, as the self-constituted guardian of the op-pressed, insisted on'the power of dethroning kings, repealing laws and subverting dynasties. The prin-ciple thus asserted, though often productive of good, could nor but become subservient to the temporal ambition of the clergy." In its last analysis there is, as Bancroft observes, a residuum of truth in the papal claim. In the realm of conscience religion is superior to the civil magistrate, but no more so in the person of the " supreme pontiff " than in the person of the hum-blest believer. In this realm religion is supreme,  because it is territory that the civil magistrate has no;right to invade, but neither has the "supreme pontiff." This realm belongs to God alone, and to every usurper of his prerogative he says, " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant?" And this is only saying that in this realm the individual is answerable to God alone. But right here both Puritan and Papist erred. Each could see that in this realm religion must be supreme, 'but neither saw that the individual must be the judge of the obligations imposed upon hiM by re-ligion. - Both devised a scheme which gave one man or a few men authority to bind the consciences of other men, while the truth is that God alone has that authority. In the Roman Catholic scheme religion is above the magistrate and the Pope is the embodiment of religion, and is, therefore. above the magistrate. In the Puritan scheme religion is above the magistrate and the chiarch, the visible organization on earth, is the embodiment of religion, therefore the church is above the magistrate. In the Christain scheme, as taught in the word of God, religion and the magis-trate occupy two different realms. The first has to do with all the relations of life: " Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." But the second, the magistrate or the state, has to do only with civil relations. The magistrate is only an agent appointed to secure uniformity of action. Religion imposes upon the individual the duty of dealing justly with his fellowmen. The di-vine ordinance of civil government empowers the magistrate to compel by civil penalties the perfor-mance of civil duties. Beyond this the magistrate has no jurisdiction. As already intimated, the difference between Puritanism and Papacy was one of method rather than principle. It is true that in the Papacy the pontiff is supreme, while in Puritanism the church is supreme; but this is a difference in degree or kind only, for in the Christianity of Christ the individual is supreme, so far as any human authority is, con-cerned: " One is your Master, even Chri.ft, and all ye are brethren." A despotism of many is even worse than a des-potism of a single indvidual, for it is more hopeless. No majority, however large, has any legitimate au-thority over the conscience of any man. The Pope of Rome has just as much warrant to bind the con-sciences of all men as the General Court ofŁMassa- 