TI=IV,' AMP:RICAN SNTINVIE,. Separation of Church and State. THE most sad and tearful history of hu-manity always had its origin in the Church domination within politics, civil affairs and matters. It was this that deluged Europe in the blood of her children in the dismal centuries of the past and spared not even the babe in its mother's arms. That stifled by Inquisition the tenderer, 'better and nobler impulses of the heart and ever hewed the way for the enthronement of tyranny and the enslavement of man. Behold Russia of to-day and learn the diabolism of burning strange fire before the Lord, in the meddling of Church in the affairs of State and its concomitant cruelty, barbarity, tyranny, and sinful-ness. What a sorrowful chapter for the nineteenth century, and under our own eyes, is this fearful persecution of the Hebrew race in Russia, and of dissenters from the established church The holy synod, as a politician, was more concerned with power on earth than life in heaven, and to further rivet the chain of slavery, and cripple and retard the free movement of man, every thought, aspiration and hope, at any cost, must be hammered down to the regulation pattern, though torture, misery, and death ensue to fam-ily,Šthe father, mother, and little ones. The holy synod would not be the slave, no, indeed, but humanity should be the slave. Let all true Americans heed the dark lessons of by-gone times and cherish the noble founders of this Republic, in re-newed and steadfast fealty to the right-eous principles that separated Church and State, and secured to the free men of America that religious liberty, without which civil liberty is but an empty dream. ŠElijah Bloom, in Minneapolis Evening Tribune. An Interesting Meeting. WHILE the American Sabbath Union originated in the Methodist Church, all Methodist ministers are not united in in-dorsing its work. This was apparent at a mass-meeting recently held in the Marsh-field Methodist Church of Chicago in the interests of. enforced Sunday closing of the World's Fair. The meeting was called and directed by Mr. McLean, Chicago Secretary of the American Sabbath Union. Dr. A. H. Henry, pastor De Kalb St. Methodist Episcopal Church, was re-quested by the Secretary to deliver the leading address, which he promised to do, after stating that he was not in full sym-pathy with the movement and being as-sured that he was at liberty to state his views. Dr. Henry created a sensation and fore-shadowed his position by declaring that he had seen a circular letter issued by the Beer Brewers' Association instructing its agents to work for Sunday closing at the Fair that the opportunity for the sale of  beer might be increased. The speaker next gave the reasons for the present status of Sunday observance, among which were the attitude of Christians themselves who lead in the procession of those who ignore the puritanic Sabbath rigor by pat-ronizing street cars in order to attend down town churches. " Again, our liberal Sunday," said the speaker, "is such for commercial reasons just as some of our churches are operated for commercial reasons." To confirm the last statement he related how a brother pastor, after a revival meeting at which one hundred and fifty persons professed conversion, was told by one of the trustees in reply to an encouraging reference to the number of conversions, that " the whole bunch " was not worth "a hundred dollars.'' " When the churches," said the speaker. "get as close to the poor man, when they give him as warm a welcome, as the saloon proprietor," it will go far to settle this Sunday-closing question. " Is there not some danger of our be-coming hysterical," continued Dr. Henry, ,4 Ł in demanding that the Fair be closed in order to exhibit the American Sabbath ? Let us, make a candid examination of our American Sabbath and see if we desire to make an honest exhibit of it." Then fol-lowed a graphic description of the so-called American Sabbath, which, while not in the least complimentary to this much extolled institution, was none the less faithful to fact. All seemed con-vinced that a faithful exhibit of the American Sabbath was not desirable; even Mr. McLean in replying to this point ac-knowledged that he was ashamed of the American Sabbath, but that it was not the Sabbath of the cities, but of the coun-try, that they proposed to put on exhibi-tion. We shall now expect to hear the term "American Country Sabbath " used in the future, instead of the " American Sabbath" by the American Sabbath Union and kindred organizations. Dr. Henry declared that this Sunday movement was an attempt to restore the Puritan Sabbath, which manifested itself periodically and that it was to be hoped " that some one would forever down this Puritan ghost. We want no Puritan Sabbath," said the speaker, " with its three hour sermons, accompanied by a deacon with a long pole, with fox-tail attachment to chastise bad boys and tickle the ears of the sleeping victims of the prosy discourse." He then counseled the American Sabbath Union to devote itself to nobler work than crying " no ! no 1" to propositions to open the Fair. He de-clared that the work of the Church was to meet the people there with the gospel of Jesus Christ. Mr. McLean winced under the sturdy blows of truth delivered by his brother minister, but when Dr. Henry concluded, he sallied to the defense of his movement, first by a sarcastic remark, which pro- duced a smile on Dr. Henry's face, that "all the best people were in favor of closing the Fair on Sunday," and that the opposi-tion was held by " saloonists, infidels and th6 .devil." He said that while not in favor of the restoration of the Puritan Sabbath, he " would a thousand times rather have the Puritan Sabbath, with all its rigor, than the Sabbath that we now have," When we remember that the Pu-ritan Sabbath meant compulsory attend-ance at church under the penalty of fines, imprisonment and flogging for disobe-dience, and that " the Sabbath we now have " is one in which a person may at-tend church, go to the concert, museum, art gallery, or the park, as he chooses, this statement from a representative of the American Sabbath Union is very sig-nificant. As usual, an expression of the congregation was taken; one fourth vot-ing for an open Fair, with no machinery running, Š Dr. Henry's position; one-third, for rigid Sunday closing; the re-mainder keeping their seats. Dr. Henry's position was not prompted by a disregard for rational Sunday observance, but by a conviction that these compulsory methods now being used to secure it, are contrary to the genius of American liberty and the spirit of the gospel of Christ. A. F. BALLENGER. Sunday at Toronto. TORONTO, Ontario, has enjoyed for some years the perfect cessation of all forms of business on Sunday. The street cars are stopped and every wheel of commerce and industry ceases to move. But this " Sabbath hush " in Toronto, so often dwelt upon by the ardent admirer and advocate of Sunday laws, was destined to a great disturbance. A. short time since the Mayor of the city called on the people to vote, on whether or not they would have the street cars run on Sunday. As might be expected, the believers in Sunday laws 'are up in arms about it, and seem to think that the Mayor has done a very, wicked thing in even thinking to submit this question to the people, or in any way stir it up. G. M. Milligan, " Convener Toronto Ministerial Association Committee," in de-scanting upon the Mayor's proposition to the people and explaining a petition that his association is circulating, in regard to the proposed Sunday street cars, says in the Mail:Š The position of the association is that the propo-sition now made to run Sunday street cars is an invitation to this city to decide whether it shall or shall not desecrate the Lord's day. It is in short an invitation to debate whether we shall keep or break God's commandments. Such an invitation, when duly meditated upon, is to all right-minded people insulting alike to God and man. It is the duty Of the people not to let pass this opportunity of telling the City Council that it went beyond its 'powers when 'it asked the people to legislate upon matters that God settled long ago for the good of men, when he enjoined that their secular occupa 