88 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "THE great powers," says a prominent " expansion-ist " journal, "are content that the United States shall step into the shoes of Spain, and become responsible for the international relations of the [Philippine] archi-pelago." No doubt they are; but should the United States Government itself be content to "step into the shoes of Spain"? Those shoes were not made for a republic; besides being too nearly worn out to be of service to the United States. * * WHILE the war .with Spain is over, the war is evi-dently not yet over in the United States, but is still going on among the various figures of military promi-nence. The center of contention at the present time is the Embalmed Beef TrustŠas it may be calledŠand an effort is being made to determine whether more American soldiers were killed by this Trust than by the Spanish army. DISPATCHES from Europe dated February 1, tell Ł of the discovery of a desperate anarchist plot which was meant to compass the destruction of the entire detective force of the city of Leghorn, Italy, and of certain promi-nent public officials as well. And this follows close upon the announced intention of the European governments to adopt severer measures than had been previously em-ployed for stamping anarchy out of existence. * * * THE United States Constitution provides that no person subject to the authority of this Government shall be deprived "of life, liberty, or property without due pro-cess of law." How this provision of the fundamental law is to be observed in effecting the proposed annexa-tion of the Philippines, has not been pointed out by ad-vocates of that policy. * THE Citizens' Temperance League and Christian En-deavor Society of Elizabeth, N. J., have begun a crusade against the Sunday saloons of that city, by the use of spies to discover anti get evidence against all violators of the Sunday law. Public sentiment is to be awakened in favor of the movement by public meetings, at which the clergy will speak in support of the law, and denounce  the laxity with which the laws relating to the closing of the saloons and the granting of licenses have beenŁ en-forced. PRESS dispatches state that "Great plans are being made for a wonderful ceremony in the Vatican, to begin on Christmas day of 1899," in which the pope will be a prominent figure, and which is intended to be the "grandest religious ceremony of the century." The pa-pacy is preparing to make herself a conspicuous figure before the world in connection with the closing of the nineteenth century. Fined for Refusing to Work on the Sabbath. INTERFERENCE with freedom of conscience under the sanction of law in these days usually takes the form of prosecution for failing to observe the Sabbath of tradi-tion and popular custom. But the spirit which demands that the Sabbath of tradition shall be observed, de-mands just as strenuously that the seventh-day Sabbath shall not be observed; hence it sometimes happens that an individual is prosecuted for refusing to do on the sev-enth day that which he would be punished for not refus-ing to do on the first day. The same sentiment and means are behind the prose-cution in the one case as in the other; and the demand for the sanctification of Sunday is shown to be one in spirit with the demand for the violation of the seventh day. An illustration of this is reported in the following letter which comes to ne from Washington. A young man in that State, an observer of the seventh-day Sab-bath, was arrested and fined for refusing to serve as a juror on that day. The letter is from his father. He says:Š "George was drawn on jury for the December term. He notified the judge at once that he could not serve on the Sabbath, taking a noble stand for the truth in open court. He was drawn on a case which extended into the Sabbath. When the court adjourned on Friday he went to the judge again and told him he could not serve fur-ther and asked to be excused. The court refused. George came home, was arrested next day, taken back, and fined $50 for contempt; and given till the close of term to set-tle. Of course, he refused to pay the fine. The court then took a recess of ten days, and the jurymen were instructed to return on the 21st, unless notified to the contrary. "On the 20th the jury (George included) received no-tices from the clerk informing them that they need not return, as their services were no longer needed; so of course George did not go; and there the matter rests at present. We do not know how it may come out, but hope for the best. "We heard a few days ago that the judge said to a friend that unless McLafferty came up soon and settled 