11 RR. Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MARCH .19, 1891. NUMBER 12. The American Sentinel PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC ,PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered tit.the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLL/ AN, W. H. Mc "[CFR. CONSCIENCE is a tender thing and ten-derly to be regarded; and in the same pro-portion in which a man treasures his own moral integrity, so ought he to regard the conscience of every other man.ŠStanley Matthews. IN the House, February 14, Hon. Joseph D. Taylor, speaking of Indian schools, said : " Mr. Chairman, the schools ought to be non-partisan and non-sectarian. They ought to be exclusively Govern-ment schools. I have no criticism to make of any church; on the contrary, I honor every church which has labored to edu-cate and Christianize the Indians. . . . But it was never the aim of the Federal Government to support or encourage sec-tarian schools. The Constitution itself is not silent on this subject, and at least, thirty of the States of the Union have in-corporated into their Constitutions provi-sions against supporting sectarian schools at public expense, including the six new States recently admitted." WRITING of the restrictions which Sun-day laws put upon the poor, a correspond- ent of the Denver News says :Š We may have wise and good and just laws, but not even a Solon can give us laws to meet the wants and needs of the individual soul, and the rich should be very careful how they curtail the few pleasures of the poor. Those who have never known what it is like to have their time, their strength, and their skill belong to others, are not proper judges in a case of this sort. It is easy for the rich to legislate for the poor, but they should take heed, lest, re- stricted here and forbidden there, the latter some day cry out, like Icilius of old: 0, spare us in your cruel hate, Your yet more cruel love. We think it was Abraham Lincoln who said that, " you can 'fool all the people part of the time, and part of the people all the time, but you can not fool all the people all the time." It is true in the matter of Sunday legislation; thousands are beginning to see that the liberty prom-ised them, by the Sunday-law agitators, would prove to be only slavery. Some "Reasons" for Some Virtues. THE subject of the public schools, is one of deep concern to every American citizen, and the question, What shall be taught therein ? is of the greatest interest. The churches are demanding that re-ligion shall be taught in the public schools ; and although the influence and support of this demand are great, the majority of the people are as yet opposed to it; because anybody who has taken the time to think of the matter to any extent, knows that such a system of teaching would destroy the public schools. There is another de-mand for a system of instruction in the public schools which is no less dangerous in itself, and much more dangerous on account of the more general support that it has; that is, the teaching of what is called morality, without religion. Such a system might not destroy the public schools so quickly as the religious, but it would more quickly destroy the State. This point has been discussed considerably through all the history of THE SENTINEL. Lately it has been necessary to notice it quite fully again. We now propose to recur to it in. a way in which we have not discussed it before. Although there is much demand made that instruction in morals, without relig-ion, shall be given in the public schools, very few of those who make the demand have ever attempted to define what shall be taught As Morals, and why it shall be taught; and fewer yet have attempted to  formulate a system or manual of morality which should be a part of the public school curriculum. About a year ago the American Secular Union offered a prize for such a manual; but it has not yet been published. There is, however, a book al-ready in existence, issued in 1888, which sets forth " a system of ethics for society and schools." It has been highly recom-mended. It is entitled, " The Virtues and Their Reasons." It was written by Austin Bierbower, and is issued by George Sher-wood & Co., Chicago. The preface states the object of the book, and, in view of what the book contains, is worthy to be quoted in full. Here it is :Š This treatise, while intended for the general reader, and emphasizing those virtues which have a partic-ular interest at this time, is especially adapted for moral training in the public schools and higher in-stitutions of learning. Moral instruction is often excluded from public schools on account of the different religions represented, and the want of text books acceptable to them all. This exclusion has led to serious attacks on our public-school system, threatening its existence. In presenting systemat-ically that morality which is common to all civilized peoples, the author has had no occasion to take notice of religious differences. Catholics, Protest-ants, Jews, and unbelievers may use this book with equal approval. As this subject is one of much interest just now we shall notice it quite fully. In this article, we shall notice the reasons which are given for the virtues which are recommended. The virtues which are discussed are: kindness (in its several forms and mani-festations, and its antagonistic vices), truth, honesty, family duties, public du-ties, self-development, industry, self-sup-port, self-control, temperance, self-respect, purity, and conscientiousness. The " reason " for the virtue of defer-ence, is that one who neglects such courtesies is disliked as mean; few get more respect than those who yield in trifles. . . One who can make more by giving up than by retaining, is foolish not to give up.ŠPage 44. Now according to THE SENTINEL'S idea of morality, that is not a sufficient reason for virtue, nor a sufficient incentive to keep 