Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.Šnomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MARCH 5, 1891. NUMBER 10. The American Sentinel. rusiAsazo WEEKLY, BY THE - - PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 41 BOND ST., NEW YORK, Enteied at the New Ybrk Post Office as SOond Class Mattei. Ł EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc IEEE. I FIND that human revolt against op-presSiOn of all kinds has uniformly re--: stilted in the discomfiture of the oppressors, and in the spreading and strengthening of the cause of the, oppressed ; and that at-tempts to deny freedom of speech, and of any action not tending directly and wan-tonly to .the danger of life and property and of innocent persons, have not only failed; but have forwarded the ends they sought to defeat. This lesson has been impressed upon mankind since the dawn. of history.---Julian Hawthorne. ONE of the objects of the Columbian Sunday Association is ".to.;  arrange for and carry on great mass-meetings on the Sundays during the season of the World's Exposition, to be addressed by -distin-guished speakers on themes appropriate to the day ; chorus singing to be a fea-ture, of these meetings." Tho Association will also endeavor to secure " occasional holidays for all working peopleŠmen, women and childrenŠthat they may from time to time attend the World's Exposi-tion, and particularly to this endŠto make more. nearly universal the weekly Satur-day half-holiday:" PERSONALLY, I am an intense believer in. absolute religious liberty. No individ-ual has the right to interfere with the freest exercise of this knowledge on the part of his fellow-men. I haVe ever stood for " the right of conscience responsible only to God;  and beyond-  control or regu-lation by any human form." So far as  their fellow-Men or the State is concerned, Robert Ingersoll ,has the utmost right to teach his infidelity, and the Unitarians to build their churches and preach their views; and .any man who attempts by physical,  force or legal enactment to pre-vent thevi has struck a blow at the liberty of which, as Americans, we are so justly proud. On the other hand,. I claim and glory in the right to combat their errors by all the power of my pen and voice. My right I propose to exercise, and would be the last to- deny to others what. I claim for myself.ŠC. H. Hobart, Baptist Min-ister, Oakland, California. - Ł Ł "What Does the Bible Teach about the Sabbath?" IN article number seven, of his produc-tions on the Sunday-law question, 'Mr. Crafts inquires, " What does the Bible teach about the Sabbath ?'" Well, if it be only the civil Sabbath that they want enforced by law, what is the difference what the Bible says about the Sabbath ? The Bible is not a code of civil laws. It is a body of religious doctrines, all finding their beginning and their end in Jesus Christ and the salvation which he wrought for men. Therefore, this inquiry is but another evidence which demonstrates that the Sunday-law advocates contradict them-selves when they say that it is a civil Sab-bath law that they want enacted, and that it is only the civil Sabbath they want en-forced. Nor is this all; not only do they contradict themselves, but they know that they contradict themselves. They know that the Sabbath is not in any sense civil, and they know that the plea which they make for a civil Sabbath is a fraud. There is another singular thing about this inquiry. In I888, the American Sab-bath Union was organized. It did its very best in that year and all through 1889, and the greater part Of 1800, to have a national law enacted to compel everybody to keep Sunday as the Sabbath, when, Jo, lath iii 1890, that association begins to inquire  whether or not Sunday is the Sabbath! One of the vice-presidents of that associa-tionŠRev. George S. Mott, D. D.Šwrote, and the association printed and circulates a tract, entitled, " Saturday or SundayŠWhich ?" That is, this tract is an inquiry as to whether Saturday or Sunday is the Sabbath ? And now Mr. Crafts comes out with an inquiry, " What does the Bible teach about the Sabbath ? " From these facts it appears that this association has gone on its way fully two years, trying to get a national Sunday law enacted to compel everybody to keep Sunday as the Sabbath, and then they find it necessary to set on foot an inquiry as to whether Sunday is the Sabbath or not ? It would seem that they should have made themselves sure of that before going so far. Why do they want to com-pel men to keep a day as the Sabbath when they themselves are not sure that it is the Sabbath ? If it be a matter that is so fully open to inquiry that they them-selves must needs inquire, does not that imply a reasonable doubt upon the ques-tion ? Does it not imply a doubt, so rea-sonable in fact, as to demand that fair and reasonable men should pause in their career of compulsory observance of the day, until it shall have been settled be-yond a reasonable doubt that the day to be enforced is the proper one ? Again, as these facts show that the question is open to inquiry, have not others as much right as the Sunday-law workers have to push the inquiry ? And if others in pushing the inquiry as to which day is the Sab-bath, or, " What does the Bible teach about the Sabbath ?" should find to their satisfaction that Sunday is not'the Sab-bath, then have not such persons the right to act according to the conviction reached by this inquiry ? Suppose all the people should diligently follow the inquiry thus raised by the American Sabbath Union, and that a ma-jority of them should become convinced that another day than Sunday is the Sab-bath; then suppose this majority should form an association to secure laws, both 