AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. 36 American Freedom Not Yet Won. From a Memorial Day oration delivered in Educational Hall at Point Pleasant, N. J.,ty Mr. H. B. Maurer. IF General Grant, upon an occasion like this, could say, "Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church and the private school supported entirely by private contribution; keep the Church and State forever separate," it surely will not be unfit or inappropriate for me to give, in this presence expression to similar sentiments; nor do I with any degree of reluctance go further than did he, when I declare that such an absolute divorce of Church and State, as is the boast of some, is not yet here a real-. ity. As long as there are certain laws upon our statute books, and as long as there are in vogue certain customs, H. B. MAURER. there remains here, so far as those laws and customs savor of it, that unholy alliance which has ever proved, wherever tried, a detriment to religion and a curse to the people. In justification of them, the advocates of such laws and the champions of such customs, deny that there is here a union of Church and State, and explain the presence of those things among us, of which we, the advocates of religious liberty in its fullest plenitude, complain, as a union of the State and Christianity; but this nation never can be, according to the principles of primitive Christianity, on the one hand, and the principles of the Constitution of the United States on the other, a govern-ment of Christians, by Christians and for ChristiansŠthe remarkable decision of the U. S. Supreme Court, that this is a Christian nation, notwithstandingŠbut can only  and always be, according to the definition that could emanate only from such a mind as that of the immortal Lincoln, "A government of the people, by the people and for the people." Therefore any law or custom, that in-fringes upon the rights of conscience of the humblest citizen, is in contravention of the principles of true religion and sound Americanism, be such a citizen an Adventist or atheist, Baptist or Buddhist, Congregationalist or Confucionist, Methodist or Musselman, Papist or Pres-byterian, and so on down the alphabet to Unitarian or Universalist. I am neither an attitudinarian, a platitudinarian, nor a latitudinarian, but a, very decided Baptist, and will not hesitate to make my convictions known as such on all proper occasionsŠsuch occasions only however where no one is obliged to listen to my sentiments invol-untarily. This being my view of the matter under con-sideration, I am opposed to the use of the Bible in the public schools, prayers in legislative assemblies and reli-gious features of any kind in institutions of all kinds maintained at public expense, defrayed by the compul-sory payment of taxes by men of all faiths and no faith. I am most emphatically opposed to that liberty of con-science which those prate about who favor religious lib-erty for all so long as the other fellow's conscience is what they think a conscience ought to be. I resent all defini-tions of sectarianism which are confined to Christianity only, for there is sectarianism as to religionists outside of Christianity; for as against the Catholic, all Protes-tantism's distinctive teachings or interpretations is sec-tarianism; as against the Jew, the distinctive teachings of both these Christian systems is sectarianism; as against the pagan, all religion, whether revealed in the New or Old Testament or both, is sectarianism; and as against the freethinker, religion from any source is sectarian. Since Christ's kingdom is not of this world,Šsince Jesus expressed such sentiments as these: "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; " "Ren-der unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's; " since a nation is defined to be "a people or community associated together under one civil government; an aggregation of a people of a common stock,"ŠI must accord to all, as a member of Christ's kingdom and an individual in a nation, the same religious privileges I enjoy; and if by proper persuasion I cannot win others over to my way of thinking in religion s matters, I certainly can never do so by coercion. All history shows that compulsory measures in religion react unfavorably upon those who resort to them; so to say the least, they are as unwise and impolitic as they are unjust and unfair, and therefore unchristian and un American. Rights of conscience are to-day violated in our coun-try by reason of religious laws, practiced in our land, which must soon demand attention. The question of slavery is settled, thanks to you, old soldiers, and in that Civil War, brought fresh to our memories by these recur-ring anniversaries, the question of human slavery was, 