518 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the existing governments not favorable to Rome; and when the government finds it cannot quell the spirit of rebellion, it is forced to appeal to the pope to use his in-fluence to subordinate the revolutionists. Now the pope sees the way to clear off some old scores, so he promises to "intervene," on condition that the government make such and such concessions. The government realizing its incapacity to do otherwise, consents to these conditions; the pope then speaks -through the bishops, the bishops through the priests; and immediately the fire of rebellion is extinguished. This may be denied, but we shall proceed to prove the point. Not very long ago, the German emperor was anxious to pass his army bill, but the Catholic party opposed the same, with all the energy in their power. The emperor was determined to carry his pro-ject through, and he appealed to the pope to use his in-fluence with the German Catholic party. The pope saw his chance to utilize this occasion for the benefit of the papacy. The emperor and the Catho-lic party came to terms. The emperor was able to carry out his plan, but only at the cost of permitting the -Jesuits to return to the "fatherland." Thus the work of the great diplomat and statesman Bismarck was un-done. And this was only one of numerous other conces-sions made to the Roman Catholic Church at this very time. The Catholic religion is above all a political religion. The true Catholic is first a Catholic, then a subject of the civil government. As Catholic the pope is his supreme head. Thus immediately the American and the Catholic interests conflict, such an one is obliged to give his first service to the papacy. Thus it is that in all Catholic countries we hear of perpetual disorders, uprisings, and revolutions. Buenos Ayres, Argentina. The Mosaic Law. "The Union Signal." ONE of the strongest arguments for the divine origin of the Bible is afforded by the fact that the Mosaic law commands the admiration of the wisest legislators Of modern times. Infidels have referred to the ancient Israelites as little better than barbarians, yet the Israel-itish code far surpasses all the legislative systems of the Greeks and Romans, and forms the foundation of all modern civilized jurisprudence. The wisdom of ages has discovered no defect in this ancient code. Said professor Huxley, the agnostic, "There is no code of legislation, -ancient or modern, at once so just and so merciful, so tender to the weak and poor, as the Jewish law." A feature of Mosaic legislation which deserves espe-cial consideration in these days of social unrest is, that under that law such evils as socialists and so-called °"reformers" complain of were impossible. Every man  was provided with a home and he could not be dispos-sessed of his inheritance. He could lease his land until the year of jubilee, which occurred every fifty years, or bind himself for a period to servitude, but at the year of jubilee the land would again be his. The only exception to this was that thehouses and gardens within the limits of cities and villages could be disposed of absolutely; but the farms and fields could not be sold. No father could dispossess his children of their rights under the Jewish law. We hear a great deal in these days about the advantages of a law which would give to every family a portion of land, but, strange to say, many of the advocates of such a system profess not to believe the Bible, but talk of the "mistakes of Moses" and are apparently ignorant of the fact that the Mosaic law gave to all a homestead, and that under it the people were far more prosperous than any other nation the world has known. The Peace of Babylon, A PARABLE. THE Angel of Peace came to Babylon, and behold, all the people were active in discussing certain proposals of peace that Ł had been sent over by a great king of the East. Then said the angel to a man that stood by, "Hear-est thou what the people say?" "Yea," answered the man, "and the thing is good." "Come then," said the angel, "for I would fain see what they do in Babylon." So they passed on, and came near to a fort where much booming of cannon was heard, with loud tramp-ling of feet and martial music. "What do they here?" said the angel, and the man replied, "This is a place set apart by the king of Babylon, where the soldiers do practise in the service of arms that our country and our possessions may be defended from enemies that would rise up on every side." From thence they passed on, and came to a school. Now about this time many boys and girls made great riot in their play. And on the one side there was a mul-titude of boys being exercised in the use of musketry. "What do they here with these children?" said the angel. "Teach them to drill in the soldier's duties that they may become skilful in the 'lie of weapons, and thus prove a defense to our empire," said the man. "And do they this constantly?" said the angel. "Yea, constantly, said the man, "for our great empire hath much need of defense." Then they turned and passed toward the sunset, and on the way came upon a stately temple, from which there came forth the sound of much music. "What find we here?" inquired the angel; and the man replied, "This is even the holy place of our God of Peace. Enter' thou, for many devoted hearts attend here to worship." 