"IF ANY MAN HEAR. MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 1, 1900. NUMBER 5. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. ACE-Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it way know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Postoface.) THE Sunday law contains the germ of a "Sabbath trust"Ša monopoly on Sabbath observance. The meaning of the Sunday law is, "Our Sabbath or none." Jt THE heart is the fountain head of the good or evil that blesses or curses society; and only that which can reach the heart can help to cleanse society of its wicked-ness. .4 .4 THE true Sabbath keeper is not willing to break the Sabbath in order to find out whether some one else is keeping it, or to force some one else to keep it, or to hire others to do these things. THE perfect man is simply justified by the moral law, and the transgressor is simply condemned by it. In no case has the lawŠeven the divine lawŠany power to lift men to a higher moral plane. IF it had been possible to make men good by law, there would have been no gospel pointing to Jesus Christ as the one and only way of salvation; and every scheme to make men good by law denies the necessity of the gospel. $ .4  THE person who tries to drive another person to the Lord, must necessarily be further from the Lord than is the one whom he would drive, since the object  driven must always move away from the driver. The individual who comes nearer to God must always be drawn, not driven. This is why individuals and society cannot be made better by law. ot THE Sabbath cannot be kept on two days in the same week; for to observe two days by rest from work is not Sabbath observance, since the very essence of Sabbath keeping is the setting apart of one day of the week, by rest, from all the others. Ex. 20:8-11. ot GOD made the day for work, and the night for rest. He made the first six days of the week for the pursuance of secular affairs, and the seventh day for rest from secular labors, and the consideration of things spirit-ual. This is God's order and God's law. Men have been trying to improve upon it ever since it was instituted, but they have never succeeded, and never will. A "Christian Political Union" Called For. A "NATIONAL assembly" of "Christian politicians" is to be held May 1, of this year, in the city of Rock Island, Ill., for the purpose of organizing a "Christian Political Union," which will apply "the principles of Christ to the Government of the United States of Amer-ica." This call, which is in the form of an address adopted by a "conference of Christian men and women" held in Willard Hall, Chicago, December 31 last, is as f ollows:Š "To all Christian Voters and Friends of Jesus of Naza- reth throughout the United States of America, Greeting: "We believe the fullness of time to have arrived when the eternal principles of justice, mercy and love, as ex-emplified in the life and teachings of Jesus Christ, should be embodied in the political economy of our nation, and 