TIM AMERICAN ,SEN'rINEL,. 21 Is it possible that the publishers of our great newspapers, as well as our great pol-iticians, who are recognized as leaders in national policy and national thought, are so lost to the interests of the country as to lie dormant in regard to such issues? Can it be that these National Reform measures, championed in Congress by Senator Blair, will be allowed to go by default ? Or that having been tacitly encouraged by silence on the part of opponents, they may attain such a degree of apparent popularity that the press and the politicians will feel con-strained, if not to openly advocate, at least to offer no opposition ? It looks as though such would be the case. And indeed lead-ers in the movement have expressed hope for success from this very cause. We shall soon see if they have prophesied aright. W. N. GLENN. Oakland, Dec. 26, 1889. State Theology. [This article taken from Rev. Dr. Spear's " Relig-ion and the State " will be of special interest at this time because of the effort being made by certain mis guided religionists to secure an amendment to the national Constitution requiring that the principles of the. Christian religion shall be taught in the public schools. It is worthy of a most careful and thorough reading.] THE term State means any distinct and independent body of persons occupying a given territory and united together under some form of civil government. The gov-ernmental organization of a State for the purpose of enacting and administering law, is practically the State itself. It is such as the agent of its legal operations. By the term theology is' meant the science of God, embracing what is assumed to be known in regard to him and consisting subjectively in human beliefs with refer-ence to the Supreme Being. What men thus believe is their theology; and:if they believe in the doctrine of God at all, the natural sequel is, some form of religious worship. The combination of the ideas 'indicated by these terms gives a State the-, ology, or a government in which the State asserts a legal doctrine or creed in regard to God and stamps the same with its own authority. The State, then, is a theolog-ical State. Its opinions, whether in re-spect to God himself or the duty and mode of religious worship, form a part of its laws : and this distinguishes them from individual beliefs or convictions that rest merely on private judgment, and, hence admit of no coercive enforcement. The natural and, as a most ample expe-rience shows, the sure result of State the-ology is either such an identification of Church and State that the two are prac-tically the same thing, or such an intimate legal union of the two that they mutually act through each other. In one case the State is the Church and the Church is the State; and in the other, though formally distinct as organisms, they are, neverthe-less, blended in a common set of functions  in respect to religion. In both cases we have the union of ecclesiastical and civil powers, and in both we have religion with the sanction of human law impressed upon it. Every State theology must necessarily have some specific character; and as to what it shall beŠwhether Pagan or Chris- tian, and, if the latter, whether Catholic or ProtestantŠthe State itself must be the judge. Its opinion on this subjegt it ex- presses through the edict of a king or the vote of a legislative assembly. It does the work of a theological professor, adding thereto the power of the civil arm. It teaches by command Its dogmas are laws. All the reasons which demand or justify a State theology at all equally de-mand that it should be put into effective action. If it be the right and duty of the State to have a theology, then it is its duty to be governed by it and to govern the people by it. The least that it can do is to devise the ways and means of asserting, perpetuating, and enforcing it. If it is worth anything it deserves this tribute. State patronage, State disabilities or pen-alties for dissenters and State administra-tion are the logical corollaries. To this there can be no just objection, since if the State ought to have a theology, then it ought to use the necessary means to main-tain and administer it. It should see to it that not only the childien in the public schools, but also the adult populationŠin-deed, all the peopleŠenjoy the benefits thereof. That would be a very queer the-ology which the State first adopts and legalizes and then leaves to shift for itself. We hold it to be the duty of the State to sustain its own theology, provided always that theology comes within its proper sphere. This, moreover, would be practically an easy task if all the people thought exactly alike and their common thoughts were faithfully represented by the theology of the State. Such, however, does not hap-pen to be the case. What, then, shall be done with those who dissent from this theology and decline to conform to its requirements ? This question the State must answer, and gen-erally does so answer as to involve the principle of proscription or persecution. It is a fact wide as the world and spread all over the records of history that State theologies have with great uniformity been persecuting theologies. Christ and his apostles and their followers were perse-cuted by the State theology of the Jews. Pagan Rome had such a theology, and for three bloody centuries she wielded its power against the Christians. Constantine established Christianity as a State theology and made it a persecuting power. The State theology of the Roman Catholic and that of the Protestant show the same record. State theology drove the Puritans out of England and murdered the Hugue-nots in France. It made our Puritan  fathers persecutors. Mohammedanism as a State theology and Paganism as such are marked by the same feature. The mission- ary efforts of modern times to propagate Christianity among the heathen meet with one of their most formidable obstacles in State theologies, and the same was true of like efforts in the apostolic age. It is a general fact that the moment theology allies itself with the State and commands its powers it becomes persecuting in re-spect to all who dissent from it, and that, too, whether it be Pagan or Christian, Catholic or Protestant. History paints this fact in lurid colors. Nor is there anything strange or unnat-ural in such a fact. It results from the very nature of the case. The theology of the State is a part of its organic or statute law, and, of course, it should be sustained by its authority and power. Heresy is, hence, a crime as really as murder, and as such it should be punished. So the State reasons, and that, too, correctly, provided we accept the doctrine of State theology. Catholic States and Protestant States have reasoned in this way. What we call relig-ious persecution State theology calls pun-ishment to prevent crime. What we call religious liberty it calls a dangerous exer-cise ofŁ private judgment. Saul of Tarsus was a conscientious persecutor, regarding himself as doing God service; and it is but just to say that State theologies have gen-erally been conscientious in their deeds of murder and blood. They have not looked upon themselves as ruffians and outlaws, but rather as the conservators of the divine honor and the true interests of souls. The thoughts of an after and a wiser age were not their thoughts when they trampled the religious rights of men into the dust and shocked Heaven, if not earth, with their cruelties. Religious zeal misdirected is a terrible passion: and all State theologies, because administered by men, are apt to have this zeal. We present, then, the disabilities, the persecutions, and the martyrdoms, which are so conspicuous in the history of State theology, as more than suggesting that there must be some radical mistake in the doctrine itself. A doctrine that can by perversion turn the mild and genial relig-ion of Jesus into a flaming persecutor, and make it a ferocious enemy to religious liberty as vested by God in individual souls; a doctrine that undertakes to ad-judicate upon questions lying exclu-sively between the soul and its Maker; a doctrine that substitutes carnal for spiritual weapons ; a doctrine that resorts to the law of force, where nothing is pertinent except the peaceful persuasion of argument and the gentle and loving voice of entreaty; a doctrine that in prac-tical execution becomes an abominable despotism exercised over the bodies and attempted over the souls of menŠyes, such a doctrine has written upon its face in letters of light the glaring evidence of be- 