JUNE 7, 1894. .Am_EumaCA.NT 179 Therefore and finally, as certainly as kin his human nature, Jesus Christ is one with us, and as certainly as God with him is God with us, so certainly the nature of the Virgin Mary was just like that of all the rest of us, and so certainly the dogma of the immaculate conception is an abso-lute fraud. Ł  " A Defect in the Constitution." UNDER this heading, a writer in a west-ern paper proposes to secure religious liberty to every citizen of the United States by a constitutional amendment "clothing Congress with power to protect the citizens of the various States from religious persecution under the form of State laws." There is very much in the article in question that might be criticised, but for the present only one or two points will be noticed. The article referred to is an attempted defense of religious liberty, else it would not occasion remark. But coming as it does from one, who is beyond doubt a friend of liberty of conscience, the article demands attention. The first proposition calculated to startle the thoughtful advocate of religious lib-erty is this :Š In the exercise of such rights [rights of conscience], there must of necessity be some limitations. . . . The rule, therefore, seems to be that no man has the right, or should have the power, to violate in the name of religious conscience those great fundamental prin-ciples of morality which mankind intuitively under-stand to be so manifestly correct that they need no demonstration. It is to be presumed that the writer of the foregoing uses " morality " in the popular sense of the duties of man to man. But even in that sense his statement is objectionable. There must not of neces-sity be limitations in the exercise of the rights of conscience. Not that every man, or that any man, should be permitted to do whatever his conscience tells him is right to do; but simply because that which infringes in any way the equal right of another is not a right. There is a differ-ence between conscience and the rights of conscience. No man can have any right, either of conscience or otherwise, to in-fringe the rights of others. Rights never cross, never conflict; but conscientious convictions often do. But the article in question contains something far more startling than this to which reference has been made. The same writer says in the same article : " As stated above, a man should be protected in the enjoyment of his religious convic-tions, so long as he is not guilty of prac-ticing immorality or other wrong." Now this certainly covers all the ground possible. No matter how restricted the definition given to immorality, the expression "other wrong " covers all the ground not covered by the former, and leaves a man the lib-erty(?) to do anything that does not offend either God or man; and that in the opinion of his fellow-men; for he is to be protected in the enjoyment of his religious convic-tions only so long as he is not guilty of practicing immoralityŠthat is, if our sup-position as to the sense in which the word is used be correct, wrong to manŠor other wrong, which must, in this case, be sin against God. The only question that re-mains is, Is a certain course of action wrong ? does it offend either God or man ? If so it can be forbidden, according to the logic of the writer referred to. The most ardent National Reformer or bigoted papist never claimed more than this. Civil government has nothing whatever to do with right or wrong, that is with the abstract quality of actions determined by the standard of morals; but only with rights and wrongs, that is with acts them-selves in their relation to person, property, or reputation of individuals, or to the public. Right and wrong has to do with moral obligation from the standpoint of the divine law; wrongs, with human rela-tions. Blackstone says that wrongs may be either public or private. The latter he defines as "civil injuries immediately affecting individuals; " the former as " crimes and misdemeanors which affect the community." Murder, assault, theft, etc., are private wrongs; embezzlement of public funds, election frauds, riot, etc., are public wrongs. Of course the things enumerated are all immoral, and so sinful; but while the injury is done to men the sin is against God, and , s such is cognizable only by the divine Judge. Primarily all sin is against God for it is his law that is vio-lated : " Whosoever committeth sin trans-gresseth also the law; for sin is the trans-gression of the law." 1 John 3 : 4. This fact is recognized in the 51st Psalm. David had committed the two greatest wrongs possible against Uriah, yet he said to the Lord: " Against thee, thee only, have I sinned." The civil law properly deals with wrongs against men; but never with sin against God as such. But all sin is immoral; hence, to say that "a man should be protected in the enjoyment of his religious convictions, so long as he is not guilty of practicing immorality or other wrong in the name of his faith," is only to say that the individual ought not to be molested unless those in authority adjudge him guilty,.either of sin against God or crime against man. The writer of the article in question has made a mistake. His religious-liberty " bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it : and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it." Ł Ł Ł  Preacher, Priest, and Woman Suf- frage. REV. DR. RYLANCE has preached a ser-mon on woman suffrage and the New York Sun of May 21, quotes him as say-ing :Š What most I dread in contemplating the possible entrance of women into active politics just now is their going wrong in the exercise of their newly ac-quired powers, under appeals to their better nature. Women are said to be more readily obedient to the counsels or the commands of the Church than men generally are. This, I am inclined to think, is true. Should occasion arise for the rulers of the Church to ask concessions from the State, does it not stand to reason that they would, through their priestly agents, call to their aid the political influence of newly en-franchised women ? Dr. Rylance explained in a succeeding paragraph that his dread is for the added power to the Roman Catholic Church, especially in the school question, which the ballot in the hands of women will give. Of this the doctor says, " How abundantly the Roman priests would bless you then for giving the ballot to women." This fear is not without foundation, indeed, it is already shown, by the history of the movement to establish the religious observance of Sunday by law in this country, to be well founded; but Dr. Ry-lance in his haste to oppose Roman Ca-tholicism has failed to see that the Protes-tant glass house stands between him and the Roman Catholic cathedral and no stone  that he can throw will reach Roman Catholicism without first shattering the stained glass of Protestantism. There is certainly good reason for the presentiment which the New York preacher expresses, but the more immedi-ate danger lies in the fact that the women would support, politically, the efforts of the professed Protestant denominations to dominate the State and enforce their tenets by law. This of course is the indirect establishment of Roman Catholicism, but neither Dr. Rylance nor any other so-called Protestant would either see or ac-knowledge this. Let us have the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth in this matter. It is that the honor-able women of the country are already stirred up throughout all the popular denominations for the establishment and enforcement of the papal principle of the promotion, support, and furtherance of popularly accepted religion by the power of the civil law. This is Roman Catholi-cism no matter by what name its support-ers may be called. To this papal idea the organizations of in flu entialwomen through-out the country have given themselves. There are Protestant priests and popish Protestant women, and these far outnumber the Roman Catholics and possess far greater and more extensive influence than they. Dr. Rylance should know and all Protes-tants should know that the foes of true religion and undefiled are of the household of professed Protestantism and nothing but the almost universal Protestant trea-son which is now working could give sufficient cause for the dread of Roman Catholic rule which is now so general. W. H. McKEE. The Policy of Rome. IT is a somewhat suggestive fact that in nearly all the large Catholic gatherings of late the burden of the discourses delivered have been reiterations of intense patriotism and loyalty to American institutions. It almost leads to the conclusion that, after all, there is just ground for believing the truth of the assertions that the papacy is at variance with the principles of this Government. These noisy and oft-re-peated declarations are almost too unani-mous, and would indicate that an organized effort was really being made to subvert the principles of this Government, and that these multiplied assurances were given to cover an ulterior purpose which is care-fully sought to be concealed. The invidi-ous hints with regard to errors in the public school system, division of creeds:  frequency of divorce, the so-called higher criticism, and the growing infidelity of the age, which are all boldly attributed to Protestantism, are pointed out as the nat-ural outcome of the work of the Reforma-tion. In contrast with this, Roman Cath-olicism is heralded and championed as the defender of temperance, of morality, of the marriage contract, of religious liberty, of the Bible, of the Word of God, and the supreme exponent and teacher of Christian truth. The Catholic Church alone, if we are to believe her own statements, is so-ciety's only safeguard, and has the exclu-sive power to bring order and happiness out of the condition of anarchy and chaos which is everywhere undermining the foundations of law and order. In these various ways a deep and carefully prepared scheme is being wrought out by which Rome is seeking to establish the fulfill-ment of the vision of Archbishop Hen- 