AMERICAN SENTINEL. 623 death of Stephen. He went everywhere haling men and women to prison. He was enraged at the aggression of the Christians, whose doctrines did break up families and disturb society; but when he himself saw the heavenly vision, when he looked on the Lamb of God, he became more aggressive than any of them. He no longer held the traditions of the fathers in such reverence; but counted everything loss save Jesus Christ. "Athens was then in the enjoyment of peace. The culture, the arts, the polity that this world gives in its most favorable times, was there. Surely if there was a spot on earth to be left in quietness it was Athens. But underneath all theŁquiet, 2esthetic exterior, throbbed the unsatisfied heart of humanity. Paul felt it. Looking round the Pantheon crowded with the images of their gods, he sees their dumb anguish. Vainly they have striven to portray the true God. Suddenly he comes to an altar reared to 'The unknown God.' Here was a challenge. Could he go away filled with their longing, having a knowledge of that unknown God, and be justŠto himself, to them, or his God? 0, no, Cecil you can see that this called for an avowal of the truth, and he said to them, 'Whom ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.' "Had you left the world to its Janus-closed gates, you would have left it to a mere mask of peace, while be-neath, the heart of humanity would have groaned for God. It is this pathetic pleading of the heart that so moves all the resources of infinite love. There are thou-sands to-day who are ignorantly worshiping the un-known God. Shall those who know him refuse to declare him, because it will make a division in some family whose JanusŁgates seem closed? Ah, Cecil, the peace that exists there is as superficial as it was at Rome." "At any rate it is smothered and covered. But when persons are converted, they seem all out of joint with other folks." "Yes. 'Ye are not of the world, even as I am not of the world,' said Christ. Certainly they join themselves to a spiritual kingdom, and are no longer citizens of this world." "That is just what I object to," said Cecil. "When-ever you begin to preach what you call 'distinctive prin-ciples,' you break into the peace of society, and I can not help looking upon you as disturbers. I sympathize with the men who said, 'These men who turn the world upside down are come hither also.' "Well, Cecil, I hope you may also realize that these men who have turned the world upside down, seeming out of joint with its ways, have also been the salt of the earth, the preservers of, society, the salvation of the faithful."  "Very well, Aleck, I hope I shall see the truth." F. B. THE selfish child is the father of a tyrant. Studies in French History.-41. THE study of the history of any country is apt to consist quite largely of,the study of the lives of its lead- Ł ing men. This is especially true of French history, for the people having; been so long ruled by a king, the prin-ciples of loyalty were a part of their very nature, so that as the lives of the people were so closely blended with that of their king, the life story of the latter would be al-most the history of the former. "Of what king were we speaking last?" asked Profes-sor Carman, adjusting his glasses with a kindly smile, and glancing over his little group to see that there were none absent. "Of Henry IL, said Max Smith, promptly, "I remem-bered, 'cause I have an uncle Henry." "What was his father's name?" "Francis I., King of the Gentlemen," said Julia March, with a hasty glance at her note book. "Yes; and Henry would have done much better if he had heeded his dying father's advice. He begged his young son to do all in his power to make it easier for the poor people by lessening the taxes. Then there was a man in banishment, named Montmorenci, and the king being fearful of his influence in the kingdom asked his son that he be not recalled to the country. He also re-garded the family of Guise as a continual menace to the kingdom, and he advised Henry to look out for him." - "I should really think he would pay a little attention to his dying father's requests," said Milly Brown. "Well, but he did not; as soon as he became king, he hastened to do the very things which his father begged him not to do. At this time, the heavy tax on salt, the gabelle taxŠPhilip of Valois first imposed thisŠwas so severe a burden to the poor that they rebelled against it. So the banished Montmorenci was recalled to France, and given the task of quelling the uprising, which he at once proceeded to do in a cruel manner. Then, also, the Guise family, already claiming too much power, were en-couraged and favored in every way." "Was the Duke of Guise a good man?" asked Julia March. "I think he was quite too fond of power, Julia, to have been a good man, but he was certainly at this time a very popular man in France. Directly after he was made lieutenant-general, he took the strongly fortified city of Calais, which had been in English possession for two centuries, in only eight days." "This must have provoked the English a trifle," com-mented practical Jack. "It did; and the English Queen Mary felt so badly at the French victory that she said that the word 'Calais' would be found written on her heart when she died." "Of course the duke must have been a great favorite after such a victory," said Max Smith. "Certainly; and then his niece, Mary, Queen of Scots, married King Henry's sonŠthe young dauphin, about 