AMERICAN SENTINEL. 121 ballot as the proper instrument for their ends, but cling to it more fatuously than ever. The people, they say, are "going to" do something pretty soon. When the party in power manifests that it has "betrayed the peo-ple's confidence"Šas it is regularly charged with doing nowadaysŠthese reformers say, Wait; there is retribu-tion in store for them; there is another election coming. And the country is still waiting for that great election when the people will at last see and do their Ł`duty" just as the reformers see it, and overturn all political corrup-tion and establish justice, honesty, and virtue upon the throne of government. This bright vision is the ignis fa,tuus of modern would-be reformers. * IT is an old saying that the proper way to fight the devil is "with fire." Supposing fire to be the devil's weapon, this is saying that the devil must be attacked with his own weapons. And this is the plan upon which well-intentioned people have very often conducted their attempts at reform. But no genuine reform was ever ac-complished in this way. The devil simply laughs at all such efforts. Let the weapons be such as he can use, and he will win the battle every time. God himself could not successfully fight the devil with his own weapons. * * AND this applies, in a way, to the ballot; for it is a fact that any evil-minded man or combination of men can make as much use .of the ballot as could the most righteous person that ever lived. The very means which good people would use to accomplish the purposed re-form, is used by evil-minded persons to defeat it. And by fraud, and the various resources known to the "ward politician" and the political "boss," they can and do make more effective use of this weapon than can be made by those who are honest. * * * THE weapons God has provided for use in the contest with evil are such as the enemy cannot use. God fights sin with grace; he fights error with truth, and darkness with light. And to us he has said, "Overcome evil with good." In our hands he has placed "the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God," and which "is quick,-and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword." Armed with these spiritual weapons, can the Christian exert any influence in the shaping of events? Can he make an impression for good upon those around him, and serve the interests of the country in which he lives? Let the mighty reformations which have from time to time swept through the land, overthrowing the strong-holds of error and turning men from lives of sin and strife to the ways of righteousness and peace, answer the question. All great and lasting reforms from evil, have come by the Word of God. * * * REFORMS, great and genuine, have come through the  proclamation of the truth; but no such reform ever came through the ballot, nor can it come in that way. "The power of a moral idea" set going in the field of publicity, Šthe power of truth, the truth of God, proclaimed in the ears of the people, the power of public sentiment, which the ballot may reflect but can never createŠthis is the power upon which the Christian depends to serve his fel-low men, the land of his birth, and all the world. Upon this power the SENTINEL relies to accomplish its work. "Ye are the salt of the earth"Šsuch is the divine word spoken to all genuine Christians. And this statement is the unimpeachable truth. Judge Hagner's Decision Against Sectarian Appro- priations of Public Money. THIS recent decision, of which we made mention last week, is one of no small importance in its bearing upon the subject of state aid to sectarianism, of which there have been and are still, numerous examples in this coun-try. The following extracts cover the leading points of the decision:Š "Whatever authority the Commissioners of the Dis-trict of Columbia possessed with reference to the subject, they could only have acquired from Congress, which of course could communicate to them no powers it did not constitutionally possess. Whatever acts were forbidden by the Constitution to Congress with respect to the as-sistance of religious establishments, were of course for-bidden to its agents the Commissioners. "The statute undoubtedly authorized the isolating buildings to be constructed in the discretion of the Com-missioners either on the grounds of two hospitals; or perhaps on other lands not belonging to any hospital. By the contract the Commissioners agreed they would erect the building on the grounds of Providence Hospi-tal, to be paid for out of the designated appropriations, and would turn it over when completed to the officers of the hospital, on condition that two thirds of its entire capacity should be reserved for the poor patients the Commissioners might send there. "It is conceded by the demurrer that Providence Hos-pital is a corporation composed of members of a monas-tic order or sisterhood of the Roman Catholic Church, and that the title to its property is vested in the Sisters of Charity of Emmettsburg, a non-resident corporation. "One who erects buildings on the land of another has no right to remove them against the will of the land owner. Whatever title the United States might claim in a building constructed by it upon the grounds of Provi-dence Hospital, would be a species of continuing joint ownership or co-partnership between the Government on the one part, and a sectarian corporation having its habitat in the State of Maryland, on the other. In fur-therance of such a joint enterprise the Government, as one of the associators, might reasonably be expected to make further contribution, if the sum already given should prove inadequate, or the building be injured or destroyed; with perhaps a moral responsibility to any patient receiving injury because of faulty construc-tion. . . . 