AMERICAN StNTTNEL— 771 And as this is so, and as the calendar cannot be "re-formed" so as to make Sunday anything else than the first day of the week, we can only wonder why intelligent people will persist in calling it the seventh. -4- 4- 1- -4 NOTHING that is good in this world can be forced upon people against their whl, without entirely losing its power to benefit them. -4- 1- -4 The Spirit of the Constitution. THE local union of Christian Endeavorers of Hacken-sack Valley, N. J., have sent in a petition against Sunday mail service to the postmaster of Hackensack, on the de-cidedly novel ground that such service is "in violation of the spirit of the Constitution of the United States." The petition will, it is said, be sent to Washington to bepassed upon by the post-office authorities." Inasmuch as the Constitution of the United States forbids, to the extent of its jurisdiction, any law "respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," it would be in order for these Christian Endeavorers to explain how a regulation which does not deny to any the free exercise of religion, can be "in viola-tion of the spirit" of that document; and how, also, a regulation which linked this department of the govern-ment with a religious dogma, can be in keeping with the spirit of the Constitution. In other words, since the Constitution discounte-nances any union of the government with religion, by forbidding Congress to make any law on the subject, ought a department of the government to keep Sunday? We think not. 14-  44 .4 4, Fined for Not Keeping Thanksgiving. NOT recently, indeed, has any person been fined for a reason of this nature, but such a thing is not unknown in the history of the United States; and the fact that it has occurred in the past suggests the thought that a re-currence of the same is entirely possible, if not probable. For history repeats itself, and as this incident shows, a regard for feast and fast days of governmental appoint-ment tends naturally to find expression, when fully devel-oped, in an enforced observance of such days by legal prescription. The following is from the Waterbury Amer-ican, and gives the record of the prosecution as it was set down at the time, ninety years ago:Š "WATERBTJRY, Nov. 26th, A. D., 1807, at evening, per-sonally appeared. David Beecher, Seymour Tyler, Free-man B. Hine, and Harvey Payne, and acknowledged before me. the subscribing authority, that they were guilty of a breach of a certain statute law, entitled an act to enforce the observance of days of public fasting and thanksgiving, by attending to servile labor and re-creation, by chopping, shooting, hunting, etc., on the 26th day of November, it being a day appointed by the  governor of this State to be observed as a day of public thanksgiving throughout this State. "Wherefore, it is considered and adjudged by this court that the said David Beecher, Seymour Tyler, Free-man B. Hine, and Harvey Payne, each of them, pay a fine of $1.25 to Ashley Scott, town treasurer, for the ben-efit of the town of Waterbury, where said offense was committed. "FREDERICK HOTCHKISS, "Justice of Peace. "On the same Thanksgiving night David Beecher and Seymour Tyler paid the prescribed fines of '$1.25 each. "Harvey Payne paid four days later, but no record appears that Freeman B. Hine met the demands of jus-tice."ŠWaterbury American. 4-  44. -4 -4 What Is Christianity ? RELIGION is defined to be a system of faith and wor-,_ ship, which gives expression in outward conduct of one's conscious relation to God. While this may be mainly true, it must be conceded that religion does not express itself through all men alike; for while some in their devo-tion to it are led to coerce others to adopt the precise forms of worship with themselves, others, none the less zealous in their profession, and equally trustworthy as-citizens, seem perfectly satisfied to have every one about them enjoy the rights of private conscience the same as themselves. Which is the proper course? In theory few would hesitate to pronounce in favor of the latter, yet, in practice, there has been for ages a tendency among religionists of nearly every sort to adopt the former course. But the strange feature of this fact, and one worth considering, is that, in most cases of coercion, the op-pressor and the oppressed have called upon the same God, and borne the same religious name. Why did ex-pression of outward conduct differ so widely in these? Were both genuine promptings from the one eternal Father? If not, which acted the wrong part; those who suffered hardship, or those who inflicted it? These questions are as practical now as ever, because the principles of pure religion are abiding. The precepts and life of Christ were not only the foundation of the Christian religion, but they still remain the guide and test of personal conduct in its profession. Christianity is, therefore, the "practical conformity of one's inward and outward life to the spirit of the Christian religion." This spirit is plainly set forth by the Saviour himself in the parable of the wheat and tares. A certain farmer sowed wheat in his field, but as it appeared above ground found tares mixed with it. Members of his family asked if they might not root up the tares, so that the wheat might more easily develop, but were answered emphatic-ally, "Let both grow together until the harvest." The Saviour explained the harvest to be the end of the world, when he himself would attend to severing the tares from the wheat. Matt. 13:30-39. 