0,111.11;,i4111p,12 376 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VOL. 6, go. 47. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 3, 1891. NOTE.-Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. . No human government has a right to legislate on religious questions. AT the the Congress of the Protestant Epis-copal Church, just held in Washington, D. C., Ex-Senator Edmunds said, " the Church in its true mission, and in the ex-ercise of its true functions 'is independent of the State, as the State in its true func-tions is, and always ought to be, separate from, and independent of, any church." Ł 4- THE Daily Telegraph, of London, Eng-land, is opening its columns to a discus-sion of the Sunday question. The Secre-tary of the " Workingmens' Lord's Day Rest Association " of England, has been contributing articles. The Church of Eng-land papers in their comments deprecate the discussion as something upon which there can not properly be two opinions. And the inference from their utterance is, that, in their opinion, any expression of views adverse to those held by the Church on this question should not be tolerated. Such a feeling is naturally to be expected from an established church; yet how does it differ from the Simon Pure National Reform sentiment of this country ? THE Readers' Union Journal of Lan-sing, Michigan, in commenting on Judge Hammond's decision in the King case says :Š Thus a precedent is established and it has gone on record in this boasted free country of ours, that a man must read and understand his Bible as the majority read and understand it; that he must worship his God as his neighbors worship. But supposing the Adventists had been in the majority in Tennessee, and they had arrested some Christian of another denomination for working on Saturday, what a howl there would be from all the rest of the Christian world! A notable and disappointing fact is that the religious press have generally sanctioned this persecution by remaining silent. This attempt to govern a man's thoughts by law, and regulate his mode of worship by legis-lation is certainly a long stride toward slavery, and is sure to bring about rebellion from all lovers of liberty. This case of King, although the most prominent, is not by any means the only instance of similar religious persecution in the United States during the last few years. Such cases can now be counted by the score. Why is it that the reli- gious press is silent as regards them ? Why is it that the speakers of the party of religious legislation have so belittled them, in the very slight mention which they have made ? It is because they are not yet ready to accept openly, and as-sume, the mantle of John Cotton, Cotton Mather and their coadjutors in the en-forcement of religious belief by law. Soon the time will come when they will not blush to wear the garb of American inquisitors, and then they will speak, but to favor and uphold, not condemn, the most strenuous attempts to govern men's thoughts by law and regulate their mode of worship by legislation. Ł-Ł1.- Ł  THE Northwestern Christian Advocate argues, in an editorial on " Methodism and the Fair," that because the Methodist membership of the world is some six and a half millions, and the Methodist following nearly twenty - six and a half millions more, therefore the voice of the Methodist Church in reference to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair should be heard, and, by inference, of course, its dictum in that regard followed. From the beginning of this contest for legal Sunday closing, and all its natural resultant of religious laws, the boast of numbers has been the loudest campaign cry of its religio-political hench-men, and of its leaders as well. It might be supposed from the assurance with which this plea of numbers is made that the " Church of the United States " had incorporated in its creed the ancient error that the voice of the people is the voice of God, but evidently with the Jesuitical mental reservationŠthe voice of myself and my people is the voice of God, but the words of all others are in the language of Satan. IT seems seems to be the fate of all these Sun-day reformers to look upon the shield of truth from the reverse side, and so the Northwestern after pleading its census of eight figures as a reasonable argument for the enforcement of the views of that religious army upon the rest of the world, expresses its conviction that, " The decis-ion to be made within the next year will live in human history forever, and those who may cast the votes which will turn human progress backward must answer during generations to come." If the in-tended significance of these words be re-versed, they are truth; for those who cast their votes in favor of enforcing re-ligious observance at the World's Fair, or elsewhere, will turn the wheels of human progress far backward; and the decision as to the casting of their votes on this question must soon be made by all, both individually and collectively. In it is involved the principle of allegiance to man or to God, and it is true that the future his-tory of each human being depends on his decision as to which master he will choose to serve. THE Sunday evening concerts of the Germania Singing Society of Newark, New Jersey, has aroused the bitter oppo-sition of the Law and Order League of that city. The League has been persist-ent in its efforts to obtain police inter-ference to close the concerts. Newark correspondence of Sunday, November 15, says :Š The Germania Singing Society is celebrating its twenty-sixth anniversary with a concert. The Law and Order League denounce its music as sacrilege, and is further excited because the theatre where the entertainment is in progress is in the heart of the city, and within earshot of several churches. Here is an expression which marks the character of this pseudo-legal organiza-tion. What has a Law and Order League to do with sacrilege? The maintenance of law and order is purely a civil affair, while sacrilege is the sin of profaning sacred things. Is the Law and Order League of Newark a civil or an ecclesiastical organization? If civil why does it at-tempt jurisdiction over the sin of sacri-lege? If ecclesiastical why does it appeal to the police and the civil courts ? THE Signs of the Times has returned to its former sixteen-page size, and marks the event by appearing with an improved head, and upon a lighter tinted paper; also with an increased length of column, which adds to the symetry of the paper. Altogether, the changes made, while re-taining all the distinctive features of the Signs, have beautified and brightened the face of an old friend most acceptably. Still, its superior attractiveness to the eye becomes secondary to the satisfaction of finding a double portion of matter equal in value and importance to that which the Signs has always furnished its readers. As a missionary journal which presents the unalloyed truth of the Bible, with vigor, earnestness, and fidelity, it is un-rivalled; in its accuracy of perception as to the application of these truths to the living principles which must govern hu-manity, in its social, legal, and moral re-lations, it has not even a competitor among the religious publications of the day. TRUTH is often disagreeable because the soul to whom it comes is not true. To an untrue soul the truth itself seems untrue. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious testa, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 