AMERICAN SENTINEL. 199 of Christ the King and the nation's pledge to obey His law in our national Constitution."ŠRev. J. M. Foster, Presbyteran, Boston. AMONG the resolutions adopted were the following:Š "WHEREAS, It is the bounden duty of states and na-tions to reverently and obediently acknowledge the au-thor and source of their powers; andŠ "WHEREAS, 'There is one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus,' so that 'He that honoreth not the Son honoreth not the Father which has sent Him.' Therefore,Š "Resolved, That it is incumbent upon all civil gov-ernments, of whatever form, to acknowledge the su-premacy of Almighty God as the basis of all authority, and his will as revealed in the Holy Scriptures as the court of final appeal. "Resolved, That among all peoples, and especially professedly Christian nations, Jesus Christ demands an official recognition of his supreme headship in the funda-mental instrument of their civil compact. "Resolved, That we deeply deplore the omission of Christ's name and a becoming recognition of his au-thority, in the Constitution of the United States, and solemnly avow our conviction that very much of the disquietude and peril of our nation is justly attributable to the displeasure of Jehovah for the disrespect shown to his name and authority. "Resolved, That in our judgment the sincere and de-vout recognition of Jesus Christ as the One and only supreme head and law-giver of our nation, is the vital point of outset from present embarassments into greater blessings and higher attainments. "Resolved Finally, that since in a republic the residue of power is vested in the people, we hold that good citizenship obligates men patriotically, morally, and religiously to employ all proper means to secure the insertion of an unequivocal recognition of Christ and his authority as King and Supreme Lawgiver, in the national constitution, and all co ordinate state consti-tions where it is not already incorporated." Religious Liberty. BY JOHN M'CARTHY. " WHATSOEVER ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them,"Šsublime words from the lips of the noblest person who ever trod this terrestrial orbe. If we go to China, Japan, Corea, we find this grand prin-ciple theoretically defended by the priests of Buddha, 'Confucius, and Shintoism. Come further west to the vastly populated Hindoostan, Thibet, Beluchistan, and Burmah, and even there the propagandists of the Brah-minical teachings, the numerous followers of the fire-worshiping Zoroaster, and the infatuated partisans of the intolerant Mahomet, discourse incessantly on the sublimity and grandeur of this divinely-given "golden rule." The barbarians, Incas, Vandals, and Goths, all admitted the necessity of the application of this glorious  principle to every detail of their lives, as do the vast majority of nominal Christians of modern times. This maxim is the basis of all human felicity, with the law of Jehovah as the prototype. Its rigid and uni-versal observance would soon banish every semblance Of inequality, intolerance, and the desire on the part of mankind to subjugate their fellowman to their concep-tion of what is right and wrong. Whereas the absence of conformity to this celestial apothegm demonstrates the lack of true and vital Christianity, and but ensures the continuity of a loathesome and burdensome oppres-sion, and usurpation of humanity's inherent rights. Jesus Christ says, "If ye believe my words . . . ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." This is the very essence of religious liberty. It is only the truth as it is in Jesus that can liberate and restore us to the Edenic freedom enjoyed by our first fathers. Man by nature is "sold under sin" (Rom. 7:14), and consequently is now bearing the heavy yoke of Satanic servitude, from which he is unable to escape, try as he will, in his own strength. Rom. 7:24. The cause of man's fall was occasioned by his disobedience to God's law; and as a result of his continuing in his perverse course, he now finds himself in open rebellion against his CreatorŠan enemy of God. Rom. 8:7; James 4:4; Eph. 4:17-19. Many well-intentioned people have struck upon the plan of petitioning the legislative assemblies to decree such laws as will prove effectual to ameliorate the con-dition of the people. They behold the entire deprav-ity of the human race, and recognize how barren has been their effort to regenerate the masses; and as they look upon the mountains of vice and immorality that soar up to the firmament before them, they lose heart, and seek the governmental arm to exact statutes of such a character as will compel the inhabitants to live good moral lives. While we would not accuse this class of persons of willingly harboring a design to curtail the rights and privileges of their dissenting brethren, yet as we shall strive to show, such must inevitably come as the result of religious legislation in any shape or form. Philoso-phy teaches us to deal with causes and not with effects. A governmental statute which aims to make more moral the citizens of any country, contends with effects only, and since it neither aspires, nor is in the least able, to reach the cause, it is useless. The state is utterly incapable of subjugating sin, nor can it enforce morality, since man at best is impotent, and incapacitated from subduing iniquity on his own person. Mankind have essayed time and again to break through the servile coils which were woven about them, but their efforts were powerless, and they reluctantly have been compelled to admit of their failure to cope with sin, without the divine assistance. How then can a govern-ment, which is composed of frail and fallible men, do for the entire nation what the individuals who compose 