658 AMERICAN SENTINEL. lusive, the promises of liberty made by any people who are not themselves free from the chains of sin. Such people do not know what real freedom is. And having the tyranny of sin upon themselves, they perforce have the spirit of tyranny in their hearts, which seeks never to confer liberty, but always to restrict it. To day we hear the promise of liberty made by one people to another whom they are trying to overcome. Can such a promise of liberty be realized? The answer of Scripture to the question is, "Of whom a man is over-come, of the same is he brought in bondage;" and though a whole nation should with united voice deny this statement, it would still be true. One man is not overcome by another man, or one people by another people, to be made free. And when the conqueror is himself the servant of corruption, it is doubly impossible that the conquered should be made more free. The work of setting men free was undertaken by the Author of freedom, who came not to overcome any man, but to overcome the evils by which men are bound; not to get the victory over any man, but to give to every man a victory gained over the whole world. And only as men work with Him, will the cause of freedom be really advanced in the earth. His promise of liberty, and his only, will be gloriously fulfilled. The Needed Power. THE following stirring words from an address by Dr. W. A. Spencer, Secretary of the Church Extension Society of the M. E. Church, strike at the root of the problem of the means by which the church to-day can become equipped to grapple with prevalent evils and accomplish the reforms that are so urgently needed in society. Endued with the power of which this earnest man speaks, the church is prepared to do just that work that is needed in the nation to-day, and that God would have her do; but equipped with any other power, as the power of legislation or of the ballot, she is not prepared for her task, and the reforms accomplished by such means will be of the wrong kind, that can only make the situation worse:Š "In our pulpits to day we have a multitude of preachers, too, who have lost their power, but, like Sam-son, they wilt not that their power is departed from them, and try to make up for the old time power by scholarship, polish, and dignity. Think, beloved, what times we have fallen upon, when the Board of Bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church, with her revival history back of her, has to send out a piteous appeal to our people to pray for a revival of religion within our own borders! It ought to be enough to send every one of us to our faces in the dust, crying out for a return of the old-time power! . . . "See how our D. D.'s have been trying to account for the depletion in the life-blood of Methodism! Oh,  my God, why don't they strike the true secret of it, and recognizing it, fall upon their faces all along the line and cry out for a return of Pentecost, instead of trying to blame it upon this and that that has no more to do,  with it than the wind blowing among these mountain pines! God help us! "But then, if a man has heart paralysis, you can't blame the poor fellow if he doesn't work as he did before he was afflicted. Neither can you expect a church mem-ber or a Christian, if he is devoid of power, to do much. Some things follow each other as a natural sequence, and this is one of them. A powerless Christian is a use-less Christian. "But you ask, How shall we have convincing, per-suasive power in the pulpit and pew? I reply, Get it down from heaven. It is there. God hasn't died. Christ is on the throne. The Holy Ghost is yet alive._ His power is at your command. Get it, for God's sake, for your own sake, and for the sake of this old dying world I" A Baneful Progress. ABOUT two years ago, in this paper we gave some-Bible Studies in Christian Citizenship and Church and State, for the especial benefit of the Christian Citizen. At that the Christian Citizen was very diligently working for a union of church and state in every rela-tionship of men throughout this whole land; and at the same time was denying it, and even seemed not to be able to discern it. For this reason we printed in the SENTINEL, addressed to the Christian Citizen, the Bible Studies in Christian Citizenship and Church and State. These lessons were all simply studies of the plain statements of the New Testament and of confessed fact. These scriptures just as they stand, with a study of sim-ply what they say, showed plainly that there cannot be any such thing as Christian Citizenship of this world without a union of church and state. A candid study of confessed facts demonstrated the same thing. It therefore appeared perfectly plain that, directly contrary to the plain word and principles of Christ, the Christian Citizen was definitely pushing a propaganda of the union of church and state in every relationship of men throughout this whole nation; and that this Chris-tian Citizenship idea and the Christian Citizenship moveŠment as a whole, and in each individual feature of it, is nothing else than a propaganda of the union of church and state after the very likeness of things in the Dark Ages. All this plainly appeared, whether or not it was discerned by the Christian Citizen and those who are engaged in the Christian Citizenship movement. And now, as announced in last week's SENTINEL, all this is acknowledged in the changing of the name of the Christian Citizen and now calling the same paper Church and State; because as stated by itself, "Thename Church and State expresses the Christian Citizenship principles we wish to advocate better than the old name Christian Citizen did or could." 