JUNE 28, 1894. .A1011B,1E111 9171NIMLA., 205 The people were compelled at every turn to consult the exclusive interests of the landlord. . . The courts of justice would always listen to a noble as against a peasant; bribes were notoriously accepted by the judges; and the merest caprice of the aris-tocracy had the force of law, by virtue of this sys-tem of universal corrup-tion. "ŠGreat Controversy, pp. 279, 2,80. 2. To find a remedy for the disordered state of the French finances and the decline of public credit, was the first difficulty which Louis XVI. had to encounter; nor did he surmount it until he found himself involved in the vortex of a revolution. Minister after minister at-tempted it, sometimes with partial success, but oftener with an increase of the Ontlines of History. 3. The nobility, the courtiers and the clergy, who were interested in maintaining all kinds of abuses, protested against any sacrifices on their part. Ł . . The clergy, the nobility, and the mag-istracy, obstinately refused the surrender of their ex-clusive privileges, while on the other hand the phil-osophic party, considering the Federal Republic of America as a model of government, desired to break up the entire frame-work of society and con-struct the edifice anew. ŠIbid.  4. The men who impov-erished their fellow-sub-jects were themselves ex-empt from taxation, mid entitled by law or custom to all the appointments of the State.ŠGreat Contro-versy, p. 280. General taxation of the nobility and the clergy, as well as the commons, was proposed, and in order to obtain a sanction to the measure, an assembly of the notables was called ; but although the assembly at first assented to a gen-eral tax, the national par-liament defeated the pro-ject.ŠWilson's Outlines of History. 5. The year (1789) had been one of famine. The people everywhere were suffering for bread. . . . France imagined for the hour that the States-Gen-eral, which soon resolved itself into the National As-sembly, could make bread as well as a new constitu-tion, but the bread did not appear.ŠRidpath. Paris became one vast almshouse, and it is esti-mated that, at the break-ing out of the Revolution, two hundred thousand paupers claimed charity from the hands of the king.ŠGreat Controversy, p, 279. 6. A spirit of insubor-dination began to appear in Paris, caused in some degree, by the pressure of famine; journals and clubs multiplied ; declaimers ha-rangued in every street,  ing more numerous every day." Courts of justice are cor-rupt. Rulers are actuated by desire for gain and love of sensual pleasure. . . . Jurists are perverted, bribed, deluded. " Jus-tice standeth afar off ; for truth is fallen in the street and equity cannot enter," ŠGreat Controversy, p. 586. 2. To find a remedy for,  the disordered state of American finances, etc., is a difficulty with which our Government is confronted to-day;  and it seems to be having little better success than did the ministers of Louis XVI. The Atlanta Constitution of April 23, 1894 (edtiorial), speaking of the result of the extra session of Congress, says: " Everywhere there are unmistakable signs of rest-lessness, discontent, and suffering." 3. The plutocratic mo-nopolists, on the one hand, demand legislation that will make them richer and impoverish the masses. . . . On the other hand the distressed workingmen of the country demand free rations first, and profitable work a little later.ŠAt-lanta Constitution (edito-rial), April 23, 1894. The workingmen, in snaking these demands, consider the cooperative common wealth idea of government and desire to have the government reconstructed upon that modelŠSee Socialist Labor Party Plat-form, 1898. 4. The Atlanta Consti-tution, of February 2, in an editorial on the income tax which is now before Congress, says: " It will lighten the burden of tax-ation heretofore borne by the wage workers and con sumers. For the first time in a generation the classes who have been enriched by the favoritism of the Government will be called upon to bear their just and proportionate share of the public expenses." And although the lower House has assented to this tax it is probable that the Senate will yet defeat the project. 5. Speaking in the United States Senate on May 10, Senator Teller said: " Mr. President, there has never been an hour in American history, in the great panics of 1893; when there has been so much poverty, so much distress, so much danger to the Republic as there has been in the last year." And many people, as for instance, the "Armies of the Commonweal," seem to imagine that Congress can make bread as well as laws. A recent issue of the Baltiniore Sun, in an editorial, says: "New York City points with pride to the fact that its well-to-do people have given $15, - 000,000 the past winter to keep its working people from starvation." 6. Said Senator Stewart on the same day that Sen-ator Teller spoke as quoted above: "There has been no time in the history of the United States when discontent was so general  and directed the popular indignation against the king and his family; and the very rabble imbibed the intoxicating spirit of politics. When a regi- ment of French troops mutined, and their leaders were thrown into prison, a snob of six thousand men liberated them; col-lisions took place between the populace and the royal guards.Š Wilson's Outlines of History. 7. Towards the latter part of August (1789) the famine had become so se-vere in Paris (a natural consequence of the public convulsions and the sus-pension of credit) that mobs were frequent in the streets, and the bakers' shops were surrounded by multitudes, clamoring for food, while the most extravagant reports were circulated, charging the scarcity upon the court and the aristocrats. . . . On the 5th of October a crowd of the lowest rab-ble, armed with pikes, forks and clubs, marched to Versailles (the head-quarters of the govern-ment). They penetrated -into the Assembly vocif-erously demanding bread. Ibid. 8. One noticeable feat-ure of the Revolution was the part the women took in it; in many instances surpassing the men in deeds of violence, 9. The fatal error which wrought such woe for the inhabitants of France was the ignoring of this one great truth; that true free-dom lies within the pro-scriptions of the law of God. . . When the re- straints of God's law were cast aside, it was found that the laws of man were in-adequate to hold in check the powerful tides of hu-man passion; and the na-tion swept on to revolt and anarchy.ŠGreat Con-troversy, pp. 285, 28g.  as now. The movement of the so-called Coxey's army has developed a sen-timent of unrest to a mar- velous extent. . . So the papers are full of it every morning, showing the universal discontent, and they all attribute it to the same causeŠhard times, want of employ-ment." Surely the very rabble have imbibed the intoxicating spirit of pol-itics, when such men as those who make up the majority of the "indus-trial armies " march to Washington to tell Con-gress what to do. Several collisions have already taken place between these armies and the national troops; in fact, scarcely a day passes but what in some part of the country troops have to be ordered out to keep the peace. 7. Famine became so severe in our large cities the past winter that mobs were frequent in the streets, and the supply depots, which had been established to alleviate them in some degree, were surrounded, and the mul-titude were so desperate to get to the window, at times, that some of their number were crushed to death. Reports are also circulated, charging the scarcity upon the govern-ment and the aristocratic monopolists. "We are coming face to face with protected capital fighting for its tribute inside the Capitol, while outside may be seen the approaching vanguard of the nation's unprotected paupers clamoring for food and work."ŠAtlanta Con-stitution (editorial), April 23, 1894. 8. The newspapers re-cently contained accounts of how women seized a train for one of the "in-dustrial armies " in the West, and how they fought with the striking miners in the Pennsylvania coke regions. And do we not see already a tinge of rep-resenting the object of worship by women which characterized the Revolu-tion, in the " goddesses " which head some of the " armies " ? 9. Many ministers are teaching their people, and many professors and teach-ers are instructing their students that the law of God has been changed or abrogated. . . . Would we know the result of making void the law of God ? The experiment has been tried. Terrible were the scenes enacted in France when atheism became the controlling power. . . Already the doctrine that men are released from obedience to God's requirements has weakened the force of moral obligation, and opened the flood-gates of iniquity upon the world.ŠGreat Controversy, pp. 583, 584, 585. during the last century, and if like causes will not now produce like results ? Congress yielded to the "popular de-mand " for a Sunday law, and now it finds itself confronted, not with one only, but several "popular demands." And if Con-gress is right in protecting the interests of the preachers by stopping everything that competes with them on their dayŠSunday Šwhy should it not protect the interests of the workingmen and do as well by the masses, as it has done by the clergy and the classes, by giving them what they de-mandŠ" free rations first and profitable work a little later " ? " Her priests have violated [offered vio-lence to, margin] my law, and have pro-faned mine holy things: they have put no difference between the holy and profane, neither have they shewed difference be-tween the unclean and the clean, and have hid their eyes from my Sabbaths, and I am profaned among them. Her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves raven-ing the prey, to shed blood, and to destroy souls, to get dishonest gain. The people of the land have used oppression and ex-ercised robbery, and have vexed the poor and needy: yea, they have oppressed the stranger wrongfully. . . . Therefore have I poured out mine indignation upon them; I have consumed them with the fire of my wrath : their own way have I recom-pensed upon their heads, saith the Lord God." Eze. 22: 26-31. " Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay." ŠGoldsmith. JOHN D. BRADLEY. "Confusion Worse Confounded." FOR a hopeless jumble of sense and non-sense, of sound theology and of meaning-less twaddle, the following, from- the New York Independent, equals anything we remember to have seen :Š Righteousness We suppose that if Justice Boesch and the other witnesses who have, during the last week, testified before the Lexow Committee, were asked whether they were Christians, they would reply that they are. Very likely they are communicants, some of them--Breck-inridg,e wasŠand go to church and do their " Easter duty." But they have a view of what makes Chris-tianity very different from the biblical view. One cannot be a Christian without possessing righteous- ness, and these men and women confessed to very im-moral deeds. A man who does what these police com-missioners and police captains and district leaders are charged with is clearly not a righteous man. He may go to mass or communion ; but it is not clear how he can have any part in the blessing of the pure in heart, who shall see God. We need very frequently to recall that righteousness is the core of religion. No one has put this fact better than President Fairchild, of Oberlin College, who said, in a memorable discourse:Š We must understand and inculcate the doctrine that right-eousness alone is piety, and obedience saving faith; that the highest Christian attainment is nothing more, and the lowest nothing less; and that the sole purpose of the manifestation of God in the soul is the fruit of the Spirit, the virtues and graces of the Christian life. The Church needs to be turned toward the experience of obedience and righteousness and duty-doing, as both conversion and sanctification. . . Would it not be a blessing to our land that the next great revival should be especially a revival of righteousness, so that men, under its intense heat, shall be converted to honest and soulful obedience to God's law, rather than to any other experience ? President Fairchild is right; and such a fearful ex-posure of organized unrighteousness emphasizes the need of a revival of righteousness; and may we not say that a revival of righteousness is waiting for us ? What is this Lexow investigation but a Parkhurst revival of righteousness, beginning with public con-fesssion and repentance? What are the similar move-ments to expose municipal corruption in Brooklyn, Boston and elsewhere, but a cry and prayer for munic-ipal righteousness ? We begin to discover that cor-porations have souls that need converting to right-eousness, and every investigation of hidden crime is a lesson in righteousness. To try to do real righteousness in the sight of God, in love to God and man, is the sum of duty; or, as President Fairchild says, "righteousness alone is These parallels might be multiplied, and additional evidence might be given to sup-port the ones already shown, but these will suffice to prove what was stated at the opening of this article. I now. ask if human nature has undergone any change 