284 THE, .A.1VIE;RIGAN SENTIN stood where Mr. Johnston does, and would as frankly avow their belief in, and desire for, a law from a religious standpoint. We are sure that this is where they all stand, in heart; but repeated defeats on that line have taught many to conceal their real sentiments by pleading for a merely " civil Sunday." With the excep-tion of the statement, " I totally reject the secular theory of government and of education alike," there is nothing in section 1 that we could not heartily second. We also " wish the Sabbath of the Lord our God," not, however, enforced by civil authority. But by the above phrase, Mr. Johnston means Sunday, which is not the Sabbath of the Lord our God. " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Ex. 20 : 10. It was such as late as the time when Christ was on earth, and when the New Testament was written. See Mark 2: 23-28. If the Lord has changed the day of his Sabbath, it has- been done since his revelation was given to man, and we should like to know where the record of the change is, and to whom he committed it. 2. With the exception of the last sen-tence, we most emphatically say, " Good !" to section 2. But to the statement that it is the province of legislatures to recognize God's law as binding on the people, and , to see that it is not trampled underfoot, we offer a most emphatic protest. That would be a union of Church and State, for it is simply a partnership between God and the State, by the terms of which the Lord is to enact the laws, and the State is to enforce them. This is just the same as a partnership in which one party furnishes the capital and the other does the work. God has not relegated to any inferior power the right or authority to enforce his laws. To think that he "that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof are as grasshop-pers," before whom all nations " are as nothing; and they are counted to him less than nothing, and vanity" (Isa. 40 : 22, 17), should intrust the execution of his laws to those same comparatively insignificant creatures, is an insult to common sense, to say nothing of revelation. It is a misapprehension of :the fourth commandment, .to assume that it simply forbids work on the Sabbath day. Paul says that " the law is spiritual." If it is not spiritual, it is nothing. Just what the fourth commandment does forbid is shown by its Author in Isa. 58 : 13 : " If thou turn away thy foot from the Sab-bath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day, and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words," etc. Now if civil gov-ernment- takes it upon itself to see that men do not " trample underfoot " the fourth commandment, it must see that  they do not speak their own words on the Sabbath day. A difficult task it would be, yet as difficult a task was undertaken by the Inquisition. Only the Inquisition could determine to any degree whatever whom to punish for violation of the fourth commandment . God never established the Inquisition, but a National Reform gov-ernment could not be carried on without it; therefore God has nothing to do with National Reform. 3. A queer mixture is in this paragraph. Governments have nothing to do with religion, yet they must codify and enforce divine law! Since God is the moral Gov-ernor, and human governments are to enforce his decrees, yet are to have noth-ing to do with religion, we may ask, Whence, then, comes religion ? But why should the law of God need to be codified by human legislators ? Is it not sufficiently clear and concise ? The idea that poor, weak, fallible mortals can codify the laws of the Omnipotent Ruler of the universe, which were spoken by his own voice, and engraved in the flinty rock with his own finger, is too monstrous an assumption to be amusing. To codify is to epitomize; to arrange or systematize; to make an orderly collection or compendium of. It is a long step in advance of ,having the same thing loosely arranged. Therefore, since the National Reform government would codify the laws of God, it must be a legitimate successor to that power that " opposeth and exalts itself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped." 4. Yes, you are understood quite well. " The law of the fourth commandment is partly religious and partly civil!" We have often heard this claim made, and now propose to place it by the side of one text of Scripture : " For we know that the law is spiritual." Rom. 7 : 14. Can you say that, Brother Johnston ? or have you information of a later date than Paul's ? That cannot be, for he spoke by inspiration that which he had learned from God himself; and God does not change. Facts cannot change. If the law was spiritual in Paul's day, it is spiritual still, not partly spiritual and partly something else. The idea that the moral law is partly civil is a modern in-vention, conjured up by presumptuous, self-seeking men, as an excuse for their attempt to divide honors with the Al-mighty. In saying this, we mean no disrespect to Mr. Johnston. Even the Apostle Barnabas was once unsuspectingly carried away by dissimulation. But, Brother Johnston, you say in para-graph 1, that you don't want a civil Sun-day law; you are frank in your avowal of a desire for a Sunday law from a relig-ious standpoint; then why the reference to the supposed civil features of the fourth commandment as an aid to your plea ? Why detract from its complete and per-fect morality, and make it partly secular, when you don't want a secular Sunday Law-giver, whose will is declared in the law of the fourth commandment. Neither Church nor State has any right to make a law about a Sabbath. " The Sabbath was made [i. e., appointed] for man." God appointed it. Governments or legislatures have no power except to recognize it as God's law, binding upon the people, and to see that the law which for-bids work, be not trampled underfoot by open trans-gressors. 3. God is the Author of all moral law. He is the source of all authority. " There is no power but of God." Governments may only find out law, the divine law, and accept and codify it as the law by which the people must be governed. Especially do governments have nothing to do in legislation in the department of religion. Government's only sphere is in civil matters. 4. The law of the fourth commandment is partly religious and partly civil. It commands religious duties: it also commands civil duties. "In it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy man-servant, nor thy maid- servant, . . nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; that thy man-servant and thy maid-servant may rest as well as thou." That is civil law. Gov-ernment should protect men in the enjoyment of their rights. The right to rest as God requires, be-longs to the servant. If the master does not grant the right to an employe, he is a transgressor of law. Governments must protect the wronged. God re-quires it. Government is his agent. Thus govern-ment may legislate as to the enforcement of God's civil law for the protection of men in the enjoyment of God-given rights. Thus far I am in favor of a " civil Sabbath. ' Am I understood ? 5. " Thou shalt not steal " is a moral, civil law. Governments have no power to either reject it or modify it. The same is true of the fourth command-ment. Except by moral restraints or motives the Church has no power to prevent work on the Sab-bath. But a law without a penalty is no law at all. Therefore, civil government is the only and the proper power to punish the open transgression of God's civil law. Thus far I am in favor of a civil Sabbath law. But remember that the permission or obligation to legislate about Sabbath observance is derived wholly from God. Men or governments have no such authority. The religious obligation is the only one existing; i. e., we should have Sab-bath laws only because GM requires them and for man's good. And the principle I advocate is ap-plicable whether the first or the seventh day should be kept holy. Which is the true Sabbath is not the question here and now. I honor the convictions of those who conscientiously believe in the seventh-day Sabbath; but I beg leave to say that I do not believe in " only a civil Sabbath." I am not in favor of " only a civil Sunday law." I prefer the fourth commandment; and the people, the Church, and the State that permit it to be trampled underfoot by lawless desecrators are false to God and to humanity. Yours for the truth and the right, N. R. JOHNSTON. Having given place to Mr. Johnston's letter, we deem it only right that our readers should have also the reply made by the Signs of the Times, which is as follows :Š We give place to the above letter of ex-planation, not alone as an act of courtesy to a very estimable gentleman, with whom we enjoy a pleasant acquaintance, but also for the special benefit of the readers of the Signs of the Times. Mr. Johnston is an honored member of the National Reform Association. He was secretary of one of the early national conventions of that organization, and is a regular contributor to the Christian Statesman. Therefore when we read a statement from him, we feel that'we   read the thoughts of the National Reform Association. We shall doubtless have occasion to make frequent reference to that body in the future, and those of our readers who treasure up this letter will know, as well as any one can know, what its principles are on the Sunday question. We will now offer a few words of comment on the letter, section by section. 1. We wish that all Sunday-law people 