536 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 4` peace" measures were considered at the same time between the same parties. Out of the same fountain both sweet water and bitter are supposed to be sent forth. Take the nations of Europe. Peace is now supposed to prevail. There is no actual fighting anywhere. But what is the attitude of every power ? Armed to the teeth, and industriously increasing their armaments. They stand with weapons in hand, waiting only a threatening movement on the part of another, to let fly. The "peace" of which there ig so much boast, is exactly the same "peace" that prevails between two pugilists, who stands with clenched fists, and who have not yet come to blows because each wishes to let the other begin, so that he may learn his antagonist's plan of attack. "But that is not peace at all," you say. Just so ; for the world does' not give any real peace. "There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked." The world can-not give what it has not. An "armed peace" is not peace; yet the only way the world has of preserving peace is by maintaining armies so strong that others will not dare attack them. But those very armies are a preparation for war, and a constant menace to peace. So the peace which the world gives is in reality war. Not so the Lord. He speaks peace, because he is peace. God is "the very God of peace;" the gospel is "the gospel of peace;" Jesus Christ is "the Prince of peace." God's rule is a reign of peace. To the helpless, tempest tossed sinner the Lord says: "Let him take hold of my strength, that he may make peace with me." Isa. 27:5. But he does not throw the burden of peace negotiations upon the rebels. No; "God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself." ' He takes the in itiative, and makes peace with rebellious man, "not imputing their trespasses unto them." He takes the responsibility of the sin all upon himself. God does not stand upon his dignity. He does not demand that everything shall be done to satisfy his wounded feelings. No; the mind of God in Christ showed itself in that he " made himself of no reputation." The One who is sinned against takes the blame upon himself, and makes the way very easy for the offending one to lay down his weapons. He has no enmity against the sinner, nay, he does not fight the sinner; he is only love and perfect peace, and his sole effort is to induce the rebel to accept his peace. Let the people learn God's character before they talk about conducting war on Christian principles. War on Christian principles is just such war as Christ wages. He has no hatred.in his heart, and he does not kill his enemies. On the contrary, he is filled with infinite love and pity for them, and he gives his life for them. "The Son of man is not come to destroy men's, lives, but to save them." Instead of taking life, he gives life, even his own life of righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. "Therefore being justified by faith, we have peace  with God through our Lord Jesus Christ." Not simply are we at peace with him, but we have his peace dwelling in our hearts, and sanctifying us. Then "let the peace of God rule in your hearts," and "the peace of God which passeth all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus." Why Shouldn't They? BY F. B. TOM: They're going to fence the common in, They say we're getting tough, Because we play on Sunday When week days are enough; But we must work all through the week, And never see the sky; But they're going to fence the common in And can you tell me why? I'll loiter round the alley, Joe, Or mope round in the room, Or with some fellers find a way To some back-door saloon. For Sunday folks who go to church Don't have the whole to say; Why will they fence the common in And spoil our little play? I know we shoutŠand run around; It thies us good I'm sure;  The game is harmless, we have found The air is good and pure. We hear the singing from the church, It doesn't bother us; But oh, the church folks fume and sigh, And make a fearful fuss. JOE: They're going to fence the common in, But that is not the whole; They're going to fence the human in And quite corral his soul. They're going to have a Sunday law That will not brook pretense; You'll have to stand in solemn awe Inside the Sunday fence. You'll see a day, dear comrade, Tom, That'll take you off your perch, For a "cop" will see, if you don't come That you are brought to church. No alley foul, or gloomy room Will give a place to stay, And nary will there be saloon To open on that day. The folks must do their drinking up Inside of Saturday night, For on a Sunday everywhere The law will keep 'em right. Pious as priests, you'll all go in Beneath a rein and bit; And if you are not pure from sin You'll be a hypocrite. 