:230 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The truth is that Spain is just as much a Christian nation as is the United States, or any other nation on the globe. Objections to the Flag Salute. BY AN ADVENTIST PASTOR OF BOULDER, COLO. As announced recently in the SENTINEL, the flag -salute used in the public schools of Colorado has been modified by order of the superintendent of public instruc-tion, so that it does not require the pupils to make a ;profession of religion. The Seventh-day Adventists of Boulder have been prominent in opposition to this form of salute, and still object to it in its modified form, for the following reasons, set forth in a communication to the Rocky Mountain News, by the pastor of the Advent-ist Church in Boulder, Eld. F. M, Wilcox:Š "The salute, since Superintendent Harding's decision, has been changed so that the recognition of God has been eliminated from the formula, and the pupil is required to pledge his heart and his head to his country alone. Why, it may be asked again, do Adventists object to this? Is it because they are anarchistic in sentiment, and are dis-loyal to the flag? I answer, emphatically, No. Seventh- Łday Adventists believe that Christians should be subject to the 'higher powers' not from constraint, but for con- Ł science' sake. Rom. 13:1-7. As stated above, government is ordained of God, and as God's ordinance, should be upheld within its proper sphere. Of all the governments .of earth our own is the noblest and best. The great fun--damental principles upon which our government is based -are heaven born. For these principles and for the flag as representing these principles, the Adventist body cherish 'profound respect. And in their desire to see these princi-ples preserved invi ,late is based the opposition to the flag salute. " PATRIOTISM "Patriotism, like religion, is a plant of voluntary growth. The patriots of the revolution were not hire-lings nor slaves. They could not be intimidated by fear, influenced by flattery, nor bought with gold. Their serv-ice was a service of love and deep conviction born of the righteousness of their cause. "Patriotism, like religion, is a matter of the heart and life, and not of form and ceremony. It is possible to pray to God and yet be a knave, and to salute the flag and yet be a traitor at heart, And as forcing a child to pray would naturally make prayer distasteful and the -object of adoration despised, so compelling a child to salute the flag instead of inculcating patriotism, would but serve to create an emnity against the national em-blem. Thus an enforcement of the flag salute begets a patriotism in form and name only, and not in fact. "Seventh-day Adventists, like the followers of Penn, are non-combatants in principle. By every laudable means consistent with the principles of the gospel, they believe in supporting the government. But they recog-nize the authority of a higher law as:paramount to human enactment, and that law says, 'Thou shalt not kill.' To maim and kill in warfare would be to them as much a violation of this precept as to commit murder in -the ordinary accepted sense. To pledge the head and the  heart to the flag could be nothing less than to defend that flag with the life did occasion and necessity require. This the Adventists could not conscientiously do, nor permit their children to do,. Hence, they believe it contrary to God's Word to permit their children to pledge themselves to warfare or to have inculcated in their young minds a warlike spirit. "In the action of the Boulder school board and in the sentiment favoring that action is seen the spirit of a de-parture from the fundamental principles underlying our national existence. It shows that there is a tendency to foster the spirit of interference in religious matters on the part of the state, that the danger of a union of civil and religious questions in this country is not by any means a thing of the past. The invasion of the rights of the Ad-ventists of Boulder is an invasion of the rights of every American citizen. "RIGHTS SHOULD BE GUARDED. "True religion, true patriotism, true Americanism, demand that the natural and inalienable rights given of God to every man, and guaranteed to us by the Consti-tution of the United StatesŠrights purchased and pre-served at so, great a costŠshould be jealously guarded and preserved inviolate from every manacle and chain which would make America less than her reputationŠthe land of the free and the home of the brave. "Boulder, Colo., March 11, 1898." President Lincoln and Denominational Appoint- ments. New York "Christian Advocate." MR. FŠ (a prominent historical writer) went to President Lincoln to get an appointment, and being asked of what denomination he was, answered that he was a Presbyterian. "Well," said President Lincoln, "I will have to look at my books to see." He further said, "I am not sure but the Presbyterians are full. I have to do this." Mr. Lincoln then proceeded: "Bishop Simpson was here the other day complaining of my Cabinet's giving all the appointments to Episcopalians. I did not know anything about my Cabinet. I thought Blair a good old Presbyterian name, and as for Seward, I didn't know until I went to church with him that he was an Episcopa-lian." President Lincoln had said to Bishop Simpson, "You wait here; we are to have a Cabinet meeting here directly, and I will see to it," and when the Cabinet came, he said, "Here is Bishop Simpson making a complaint of our giving all the appointments to the Episcopalians." Said Seward, "That is not true in my department. I never give an appointment to any man because of his de-nomination, nor even know what he is." Said Bishop Simpson, "There was Dr. McClintock, appointed to go to Paris, a good Methodist, and Bishop Hughes was put in his place. I suppose you didn't know, sir, who Bishop Hughes was?" "0, I had forgotten about Wm." "Well," said Blair, "you've got him there, bishop, but there are not two in my department that are Episcopalians." "Sir," said the bishop, "there are not two that are not." 