"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND RELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."--Jesus Chirist. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 6, 1898. NUMBER 39. WHEN Caesar enters the domain of religion, he does not lay aside his sword.  soul and God. In politics, the party and the boss come between the individual and his vote. Religion in politics is therefore religion controlled by man. THE "things that are God's" are not to be rendered to him through Caesar. WHEN the early church was about to:be endued with To DECK Caesar in the garments of religion, only dis-honors those garments and makes Caesar ridiculous. o11. 41 STATE religion can be no more than a garment worn on the outside. The sword of compulsion lurks beneath the garb of piety, and the "dogs of war" lose nothing of their character by appearing in the guise of sheep. 4  IT amounts to the same thing in the end whether the church be-comes political or the state re-ligious. STATE RELIGION t OESARŠTHE STATEŠIN THE GARB OF PIETY. GrESAR, robed in the vestments of religion, makes an incongruous picture. Such garments were never designed to cover the embodiment of civil authority and power. The sword by which his word is always enforced belies the pretense of the love which draws and persuades men; the fangs of the wolf belie the appearance of the harmless sheep. The hypocrisy of the display is evident. Yet in this coun-try of professed separation of church and state, the state has not wholly laid aside the garb of religion but maintains the appearance of piety in its laws for Sunday observance, its appointment of days of thanksgiving and prayer, its maintenance of chaplains and sectarian institutions, and its gifts of public money and state property to the churches. marvelous pow-er, she repaired not to Caisar's throne, but to an "upper room" and the thione of God. WHEN Chris-tianity ascends the throne of earthly power, she invariably lays Ł aside her robe of pure white and puts on one of scar-let. THE strife in the church as to which should be the greatest, which began in the days of the apostles, w a s settled only by sinking the church to the " GOVERN-MENT of the peo-ple, by the peo-ple, and for the people," can be-come Christian only when the people become Christians. THE church will look a long time into the turbid pool of politics before divinity. she beholds a reflection of lowest level of degradation.   THE worship that is offered to God through Caisar, IN religion, nothing can rightfully come between the will need purifying to make it presentable at the throne. 