60 I-14E AMERICAN SENTINEL. worship of the one God, Father of menŠthen a man may'enter either and make his devotions, knowing he is in a tabernacle of the one ever-living God. Then peace will wave her wand over the world. Shall we suppose that he was contem-plating the benign effects of a national SUnday law, or a National Reformed COnStitution, When he portrayed that beantfful image of the unanimity of Hebrew and Christian worship under the progress' Of " men's laws ? " It used to be a, settled theory on the Western plains that the rattlesnake and the prairie-dog dwelt harmOniously in the same burrow; bill when the writer killed a rattler with a whole prairie dog inside of it, the cause of 'the harmony was explained. It was a clear case of 'coercion. Just so it Will be when the Hebrew worship, as such, will so Perfectly assirnilate to the then "Chris-tian'' that there will be no perceptible difference:: W. N. GLENN. ekikla'nd, California. An 'txample to the World. WITROKT doubt the government of the United States .has stood as a beacon-light to:the whole. world. It has done more for civil and: :religious liberty than any other nation. At 'one time it stood alone in rep-resenting the right relation of civil gov-erninent and religion. This grand ex-ample has not 'been without 'fruit. Its in-fluence has been felt throughout the. world. One: by one the other colonies of Great Britain have slowly followed in its wake. The. following proclamation of Queen Victoriai, issued. in 1858, to the natives of India,,shows on the face of it the gentle influence :of the United States Constitu- tion :Š. Firmly. xclying ourselves on the truth of Chris-tianity,and ,acknowledging with gratitude the sol-ace of religion,. we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our sub-' jectS: We declare it to be our Royal' will and pleas-ure that :none be in any wise favored none molested or;  clisqUicted. by .reason of their religious faith or observances, but that ,all,shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial pretection the law; and we do strictly charge And enjoin all those who may be in authority under us, that they abstain from all inter-ference with the' religious belief or worship of any of .eilr sulajeets—on ,painof our highest displeasure. And it 9tir further: will that, so far as may be, bUr subjects, of whatever race or creed, be freely andlnipartially admitted to offices in' our service, the dutiek of 'which they May be qualified by their education -ability, and integrity,  duly to discharge. The same desire for religious liberty is seen in' the other colonies. ' In 1868 the union ,of Church and: State was abolished in parts 'of the West Indies. In' 1869 the Irigh Church was disestablished. In 1870' the State Church was done away with 'in Jamaica, and in Victoria. In1871 civil 'goy: erinnent and religion were' rent astinder:in St. icitiS, 'Antigua; and Granada. In 1875 State r'aid' was abolished iii. the Cape of GoeclqioPe. -In 1881 the same Was done in Ceylon. In our own country (England) the tide towards religious equality is no lesS Steadily'Setting. In 1812 the COnvent- icle and Five Mile Acts were repealed. In 1828 the Test and Corporation Acts likewise went. In 1855 an act for secur-ing "Liberty of Religious Worship" was passed. In 1858 Jews were admitted into Parliament. In 1860 an act for opening of Grammar Schools for Dissenters passed. In 1867 all the Queen's subjects, without reference to their religious belief, were declared eligible for office as Lord Chan-cellor of Ireland. In 1870 the University Tests abolition acts passed. And at the present time strenuous efforts are being made to abolish the union of Church and State. Yes, the influence of the Constitution still lives, and is to be seen outside of the United States. The eyes of Europe and of the world are fixed with intense interest on that country. The question to be solved is, are the people going to stay by the glo-rious principles set forth by the framers of the Constitution, or are they going to go back on them ? Are they going to allow a few ambitious clerics to drag that coun-try back to a mediaval standard? God forbid ! And for the cause of religious liberty may the United States Constitution forever remain as it is. FRANK HOPE. London, England. Government and the Sermon on the Mount. SOME weeks ago we printed a brief speech by the Bishop of Peterborough, England, in which the Bishop took the ground that civil government could' not enforce the Sermon on the Mount. The speech was quite brief, but yet it was of sufficient length to stir up a " hornets' nest," and the Bishop was attacked on many sides. This brought the Bishop again to the front with a good lengthy discussion of the question. The article was printed in the Fortnightly Review, and we are glad that we can reproduce it for our readers. It will make about three installments for the SENTINEL columns, the first of which is printed herewith. The Bishop makes one slip, however, which will be noticed in its place. With this exception the ar-gument is, sound, and is excellently stated. The argument is of interest in this coun-try, as well as in England, because of the persistent effort being made to secure legis-lation committed to the principles of Chris-tianity. The Bishop says :Š " In the course of a discussion on Chris-tian Socialism, at a Diocesan Conference, in commenting on a recent definition of it, as being `an attempt on the part of the State to compel all men to live according to the precepts of Christ,' I ventured to make 'two assertions. "1. That it is not possible for the State to carry out, in all its relations, literally, all,  the precept's of Christ, and that a State which attempted this could not exist for a week. "2, That if it were possible to do this  the, result would be a perfectly intolerable tyranny. "For saying this I have been assailed in language which proves nothing. Now I propose to discuss whether what I said is or is not true. "Is it, then, possible for the State to carry out those precepts of his which in-culcate non-resistance, inexhaustible for-giveness, and unlimited benevolence ? Can the State, that is to say, disband its army, burn its ships of war, abolish its courts of justice, pull down its jails, dismiss its po-licemen, loestow its revenues upon all and sundry who ask for them, and yet still con-tinue to exist as a State ? If there really be any person who maintains this I cannot argue with him. His proper place is in a lunatic asylum. " I am, however, taken to task by others of my critics on quite an opposite ground. Of courseŠthese sayŠthe State cannot literally obey all the precepts in the Ser-mon on the Mount ; but neither can the individual. Those precepts can be obeyed by the individual in the spirit only, and not in the letter. Why may not the State do the same? I must confess to a firm be-lief that neither in the spirit nor in the letter can the entire of that sermon be car-ried out by the State, and that whenever it attempts to do this it is tending to its own destruction. " What is a State ? Speaking loosely this term is used as signifying the entire pop-ulation of any country. The State, when we are speaking of its social or political obligations, can only mean that part of the nation which is empowered to speak and act on behalf .of the rest. It is briefly, as it has been well defined to be, 'the sov-ereign body having supreme power.' The essential idea of a State always is that of sovereignty held on trust for the common-weal; and to this trust, for the sake of which it exists, it is morally bound to be faithful. "It is clear, therefore, that a State, in order that it may be a faithful trustee, is boundŠfirst, to preserve its own existence; and secondly, to resist, restrain, and even, if needs be, to destroy whatever and whom-soever assails its authority or attacks the interests committed to its charge. Self-preservation, therefore, and the preserva-tion of all that is intrusted to it, are the moral obligations of every State. TWO IRRECONCILABLE IDEAS. "Now, is this idea of protection of inter-ests, of maintenance of rights, and of re-sistance to all assaults on these, the idea of the Sermon on the Mount ? Distinctly it is not. The idea, the spirit, of that dis-course is the diametrically opposite one of sacrifice of rights, surrender of interests, and non-resistance to assaults on these. It is, in a word, from beginning to end the idea of self-sacrifice as opposed to that of self-preservation. Is it not clear, there-fore, that the State, if it is to be true to its own idea, if it is not to abdicate or betray 