AMERICAN SENTINEL. 577 the Italians," said Edna. "Many of them did, but these men had been hired to help France, and now they claimed they could get no pay for their services, so they ran away, and Milan reverted again to Italy." "I can't understand why the French king was not more sensible. Didn't he know that soldiers want their payŠand especially foreign soldiers?" asked practical Jack. "0, he did not forget to send them their wages, my boy; he was too cunning and, let us hope, too just to forget that. But it was afterwards proved that the king's mother had kept the money her son sent for the soldiers, and spent it all for herself." "The selfish creature!" exclaimed Florence Ray. "What was her name?" "Louisa, of Savoy," replied Professor Carman. "I think I remember reading her name in history," said Edna Phillips, "in connection with the Duke of Bur-gundy." "I presume you are thinking of Duke Charles, of BourbonŠnot BurgundyŠthis scheming woman tried to win the affections of this man, who was at that time Con-stable of France, and one of the greatest men in the country. Because she could not do this, she became his bitterest enemy, and coaxed her son the king to so tor-ment and persecute him, that at last the foolish fellow turned traitor to his country and joined the Emperor of GermanyŠKing of SpainŠagainst France." "I dare say the Spaniards made a great deal of him after he left the French and joined them," suggested Jenin Jacobs. "You are quite mistaken, Jenin; for instead of that they despised him. "Nobody likes a traitor,Šhe's not to be trusted," said Joe Palmeter. "No; for you will remember that even the English had no respect for Benedict Arnold. "France now had three powerful enemies," continued the teacher, "the King of England, the King of Spain, and the traitor duke,Šall were plotting her ruin." "Poor Francis!" exclaimed Milly Brown; "he must have had his hands full." "Re did, and yet he was insane enough in the midst of all his troubles again to rush over into Italy to try to recover his lost territory." "0 dear!" again exclaimed Milly. "How foolish of him! do tell us what became of him." "Why, he was taken prisoner and carried over to Madrid, where he was kept in close confinement a long time. But at last he made a most humiliating treaty with the King of Spain, in which he promised to giveup a considerable portion of his country to him, besides other considerations." "I don't see how the Spanish king could be at all sure that Francis would do as he agreed if he let him have his liberty," said practical Jack. "I presume he was afraid of treachery," said the.  teacher, "at any rate, he sent and brought the two little sons of Francis and kept them as a surety, before he would let their father go. But even then he did not keep the first particle of his agreement, and as soon as his feet touched his native soil, he exclaimed fiercely: 'Now I am again a king.'" "Don't you think he ought to have kept his prom-ise," asked Julia March," even if it was humiliating for him?" "He certainly ought to have kept his word, but he did not, nor did he accept the invitation which the King of Spain sent him, to return to Spain at once as his pris-oner. But as the pope had by this time become angry with the Spanish king, Francis found in him a ready ally. So he at once entered into another 'Holy League' with the crafty pope, and hostilities continued." "I should think if the league had been very 'holy' at this would have put an end to the fighting," smiled Joe Palmeter. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. SEND FOR CATALOG OF OUR PUBLICATIONS if you have any idea of purchasing. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THB International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, it Six months, if Three " - $1.00. .50 .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York, 