62 THE ANIERICA.N SENTINEL. " SECTION 4. In addition to the penalties in this act provided, the several remedies hereinafter spec-ified may be had, for any offense described in this act. A fine not exceeding $200 may be recovered in a common suit, before a justice of the peace or police magistrate commenced by summons in the name of the people of this state, on the relation of any person who may make complaint. Each and every of the offenses described in this act is hereby declared to be a nuisance, and it shall be the duty of all courts of equity in this State upon the proper application, to enjoin and prohibit the same, and no bond shall be required of the complainant in such a case. A bill, or petition for injunction, may be filed, by any person aggrieved, either in his own name, or in the name of the people on his re-lation." This section endeavors to provide "remedies." But instead of remedies it furnishes the most un-obstructed liberty to those who may desire to show their religious zeal by harassing those who may not desire to observe Sunday so strictly as their Puritan neighbors. Chapter 69, paragraph 9, of the Illinois statutes, under the caption of" Injunctions," reads : "In all other cases [except injunctions to en-join a judgment], before an injunction shall issue, the complainant shall give bond in such penalty, and upon such condition and with such security as may be required by the court, judge, or master granting or ordering the injunction, provided bond need not be required when, for good cause shown, the court, judge, or master is of opinion that the injunction ought to be granted without bond." This provides that in case a person has an in-junction served on him or is enjoined to cease doing anything, the person so enjoining shall be required to give bonds to cover the damage done the defendant, in case the injunction'proves to be unjust. For instance: A man is building a house, and his neighbor concludes that when the struct-ure is up it will prove a damage to him. So he has an injunction issued to have the building stopped. This will necessitate the stoppage of all the hands on the building, and everything in connection with its erection must cease. Anyone can see that this would involve a big expense to the builder. To cover the damage thus accrued, in case the injunction proves to be unjust, the law requires that the complainant shall give bonds. If such bonds were not required, we should be exposed to the caprice and malice of any unprin-cipled person who might, to annoy us, keep asking a continuous round of injunctions on the pretext of various " grievances." This would not only be very annoying, but would involve much expense on the part of the person enjoined. But the statute, to prevent such annoyance and injustice, provides that bonds must be given, except in cases where " the couri— judge, or master is of opinion that the injunction ought to be granted without bond." The framer of this Sunday bill would claim, perhaps, that it should come under this provision of the statute, thinking that Sunday desecration is so clear an offense as to require no bonds. But he was not so clear on the subject when he Was framing section 3, for there we are left in doubt as to what are works of " necessity or charity." And the only way to find out what such works are is to get "enjoined" and go before the court for a decision. Could anything be worse? Leave a law so loose that we can't tell just what it means, and then have the effrontery to presume that an injunction provided by such law was so obvious and palpably clear that the complainant, no matter who, if he be only " aggrieved, " may pray for an injunction without giving bonds ! There are diversities of opinion in regard to works of " necessity or charity," as well as works of privilege among many who observe Sunday; and there is also a respectable class of Christians who do not believe in keeping Sunday at all, but observe the original Sabbath or Saturday. And Still Outside of these there is a large number who claim the privilege of skepticism in regard to all ' religious beliefs, and consequently have no con-science upon any sabbath. All of these classes have a right to protection in a civil government, and none should be allowed to set up his con-science as a standard, and compel the rest to come to it. But this bill, if passed, would allow the narrowest-minded zealot in the land to harass with impunity his less enthusiastic neighbor. For, mark you, "any person aggrieved" may file a petition for injunction without giving bond for the same. It will surprise us to learn how easy some persons are " aggrieved " on this subject. When prominent clergymen within the last year of this enlightened nineteenth century will say, "Nothing outside of the home and the sanctuary is proper recreation for the Sabbath-day," and, " Oh, for a breath of the Puritan!" anyone can see that they are only waiting for such laws as the foregoing to furnish them the unobstructed opportunity of making their ideas and desires felt. The above is only a sample of the kind of legisla-tion that is being asked in so many places in favor of Sunday. Again, fellow-citizens, let me ask, Are you ready to accept such laws and be subject to the intolerance of religious bigots who are even in our enlightened day clamoring for law that they may compel, under pains and penalties, the observance of religious dogmas? The bill closes thus:Š " SECTION 5. Subject to the provisions of this act, and of other laws of this State, all persons may spend Sunday in any orderly and peaceable man-ner, as they deem proper, and no person shall be prosecuted, harassed, or annoyed under color of this act for anything done on Sunday, which is not prohibited by some law or ordinance, or which is not in its nature offensive and contrary to the peace' and good order of society." This section would seem to give some privileges after all in advance of the "Puritan Sabbath." But take the bill as a whole, and how much is not prohibited by some law or ordinance? Sec-tion three makes everything unlawful on Sunday except circulating books, tracts, and papers, the sale of medicine, the delivery of milk, and the running of railroad and street-cars and "works of necessity or charity;" and we are assured that this law is only an initiatory step toward the stricter legislation that is to follow later on. And while this last section might seem at first to soften the whole bill, yet in reality it is only a blind to lead us into the narrow confines of the ideal of the Puritans. Even if all were settled in regard to Sunday being the right day to observe as the Sabbath, the -words of' Him who said, "My kingdom is not of this world," would forever forbid us to enforce by civil enactment any religious institution. And with all the history of religious intolerance coming to our minds, are we ready to be drawn into the same thing again? The great clamor at the present time for civil law to enforce religious be-liefs and observances, should arouse every Amer-ican citizen from his feeling of security, and cause him to consider whether he is ready to submit to all the intolerance resultant upon a union of Church and State. A. O. TAIT. «  CONGRESS shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereofŠ U. S. Constitution. THE Denver Republican says: "The State names Sunday as a day of rest by the same power that it names the Fourth of July as a legal holiday." Then why does the State treat Sunday so much differently from the Fourth of July ? It compels people to rest on Sunday, whether they want to or not, but it leaves them free to do just as they please on the Fourth of July. Anybody can see that it is not the exercise of the same power in each case. There is all the difference in the world. No one complains that Sunday is made a legal holiday, although it commemorates nothing in connection with the State; but the Sunday-law people are not satisfied with that. They do not want it made such a holiday as the Fourth of July. Just let somebody introduce a bill into Congress, providing that everybody should celebrate the Fourth of July in a certain way, and that nobody should do any work upon it, and there would be a protest against such unjust in-terference with people's rights. Much as we honor the Declaration of Independence, such an act as that would show that the principles of the Declaration of Independence had been forgotten, and so will a Sunday law. There is not one point in common between Sunday and the Fourth of July; and when the advocates of a Sunday law men-tion the. National holiday as a precedent for Sun-day legislation, they but make emphatic the fact that there is a feature in their work from which they would fain attract attention. THE Rev. S. M. Johnson, a Presbyterian pastor in Denver, spoke on Sunday, February 17, on the Sunday-closing movement, and in his dis-course said:Š " If we were to distinguish, we would say that it is unskilled laborers with whom the Sunday saloon has much to do. Many of them are em-ployed as shovelers and diggers on the streets. They take a ten-cent lodging. It is good enough during the week, when the day is spent in hard work, and the men go to their rooms to sleep. But a ten-cent lodging is quite dreary when 'Sunday comes. How will they spend the day ? Go to Trinity to hear the great organ ? But how many churches in Denver would be inviting to those men ? Go to the Y. M. C. A. rooms? But they are too finely furnished to be home-like to such men. Where then? What other doors are open? The saloon doors." That is all true; but whose fault is it? .One of the proofs which Christ gave that he was the Christ was that he preached the gospel to the poor. But here we find a 'professed follower of Christ pleading for a civil law to keep the poor back from that to which the unchristlike posi-tion of professed Christian workers has driven them. They want the State to do for these peo-ple that which they ought to do, but are not willing to do. We commend to them the words quoted in another part of this paper from the Catholic American. a) .  le  IN his essay on "Southey's Colloquies," Lord Macaulay said " The ark of God was never taken till it was surrounded by the arms of earthly defenders. In captivity, its sanctity was sufficient to vindicate it from insult, and to lay the hostile fiend pros-trate on the threshold of his own temple. The real security of Christianity is to be found in its own benevolent morality, in its exquisite adapta-tion to the human heart, in the facility with which its scheme accommodates itself to the ca-pacity of every human intellect, in the consola-tion which it brings to the house of mourning, in the light with which it brightens the great mys-tery of the grave. To such a system it can bring no addition of dignity or of strength, that it is part and parcel of the common law." 