14 S rr Vol,. 9. No. 3. NEW YORK, JANUARY 18, 1894. SW" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Kansas City American is authority for the statement that " it has been very thoroughly proven that at least 80 per cent. of the 85 000 stands of arms fur-nished by the Government to church academies in this country are furnished schools under the control of the Roman Catholic Church." A BILL has been introduced into the Kentucky legislature designed to destroy the American Protective Association. It prohibits the organization or continuance of societies whose object is to discrinlinate between Christians on account of their re-ligion. The penalty is a fine of $500 to $1,000 or imprisonment from six to twelve months, or both. But why prohibit dis-crimination only as between Christians? LAST week we inadvertently credited to Ablegate Satolli a declaration of Pope Leo XIII., namely, that "what Rome has done for other countries she will do for the United States." The error was not vital. In either case it is an authoritative declar-ation of Rome's purpose concerning this country, and should alarm every patriot and every Christian. Rome has degraded both mentally and morally every country in which she bears sway, and she is al-ready doing the same thing here. THE Denver American an American Protective Association organ, notes the fact that the "Protestant ministers in St. Louis have begun the serious agitation of a serious question,"Šnamely, the taxation of Church property, and expresses the hope that such a measure will become a law, not only in Missouri, but in every State in the Union.. The American, is reckoning without a vast number of so-called Prot-estants, popish in principle, who practi-cally demand State aid to religious insti-tutions in the shape of exemption of eccle-siastical property from taxation. THE Sabbath Recorder is chasing rain-bows il,nd sees roseate hues in the moral sky. It thinks that persecution for con-science' sake is becoming less and less common. " A man in New York," says our contemporary, " was arrested last month for selling a two-cent shoe string on Sunday, and thrown into jail to await trial for his crime. But these instances are extremely rare as compared with the wicked assaults upon the liberties of good people in the earlier history of our coun-try." The Recorder is simply mistaken. Such instances are increasing very rapidly,  and he is an optimist indeed who cannot see that erelong every man who refuses to worship the papal beast by doing homage to the papal Sunday will be subject to just such assaults upon his liberty. The Recorder should not close its eyes to the inevitable as foretold in prophecy. Nor is this a pessimistic view. " All things work together for good to them that love God;" and when the powers of darkness seem about to triumph finally and forever, it is written that " at that time shall Michael stand up, the great Prince which standeth for the children of thy people : and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time : and at that time thy people shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book." A SEVENTH-DAY Adventist on Norfolk Island, South Pacific Ocean, was recently summoned to appear before the "spiritual court" to answer to the charge of cooking on Sunday ! the venerable day of the sun, the " Christian " Sabbath of the papacy. News also comes to us from Canada of arrests for Sunday work by Adventists, painting a wagon tongue, etc. The ex-altation and enforcement of Sunday is not confined to the United States; for it is written : " All that dwell on the earth shall worship him [the papal beast], whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." " RABBI WILLNER, of Baltimore," says the Catholic Review, "is opposed to the project of public denominational schools, yet he sees the injustice of making the sys-tem practically Protestant. ' There has been,' he says, much one-sidedness in the discussion of the school question. The cry that the Catholics want to, rule the country is only a bugbear. As a matter of fact the schools are not non-sectarian. This is utterly wrong. The proposed amendment to our Constitution is incom-patible with Bible reading, the singing of Christian songs and the prominence given to Christianity in our schools. Those who are in accord with these should not throw stones.' Yes, so long as the Protestant translation of the Bible is read, the Prot-estant version of the Lord's prayer is re-cited, and Protestant hymns are sung, the public shools are gloriously non-secta-rian in the minds of some of the self-con-stituted protectors of ' American institu-tion.' The Catholics and the Jews must not complain. If they do they are branded as unpatriotic." There is certainly much truth in what the rabbi and the Review say; but the weakness of the Catholic position is in the fact that when the Protestant features com-plained of are eliminated from the schools, unless replaced, by distinctively papal feat-ures, the schools are at once " godless." It is the case of the lamb and the wolf over again. What Rome wants is mutton.  Whether the schools are above or below on the stream matters not to Rome; they muddy the water for her in any event, un-less under her control. Rome is deter-mined to dominate the public schools at any cost; but instead of making them sec-ular, as they ought in justice to be, she will make them papal as they ought not to be. THE Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has rendered a decision that in that State the boycott is sometimes lawful. This prepares the way for the religious boycott foretold in Rev. 13:16, 17: " And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads : and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." The beast is the papacy. The Sunday is set forth by Rome herself as the badge or mark of her authority. The mark in the right hand is outward homage to this papal institution. The mark in the fore-head is the consent of the mind, deliber-ately choosing the Sunday of the beast rather than the Sabbath of the Lord. SOME of the American Protective Asso- ciation papers are publishing a cartoon representing Uncle Sam asleep in his chair, while papal ecclesiastics are rifling his safe, destroying the Constitution, tear-ing to pieces the Declaration of Independ-ence and burning such books as Swin-ton's History. There is much truth in the picture, but it lacks one important feature: apostate Protestantism in the person of National Reformers and Amer-ican Sabbath Unionists should be pic-tured as holding a sponge saturated with chloroform, to Uncle Sam's nose, while his house is being pillaged. Without this feature the delineation of current his-tory is incomplete. IN a small town in Mississippi lives a Seventh-day Adventist school teacher, who is in the habit, on Sundays, of assist-ing his wife to do the family washing. This practical expression of conjugal af-fection on the first day of the week, seems to have shocked the religious sensibilities of the mayor of the town much as Sunday kissing is fabled to have affected the ancient New England authorities. The mayor has declared that the example which this thoughtful husband is setting must be suppressed, even if he has to arrest him himself. ANY one sending us four new subscrib-ers at one dollar each will receive the SENTINEL one year as a premium. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 900 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - Boa 44 100 to.249 " " " " - - 750 <, 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 44 500 to 999 " " " " 44 - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " " -- 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, ' - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 