16 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 11112e An2ePiear2 geOir2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY, 1887. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THOSE who are clamoring for a kingdom of Christ on earth, which shall at the same time be a republic, might see a picture of themselves and learn something, if they would, from the following words by A. F. Schauffler, D. D., in the Sunday School Times of January 8:Š " Some people in our days demur to the justice and sovereignty of God, and want him rather to dance attendance on the whims of sinful men. It would please them to have the universe governed by the votes of men, rather than by the fiat of the Almighty. But the kingdom of God is an absolute monarchy, and not a republic. Had it been a republic, it would have gone to pieces long ago."  MANY have made inquiries concerning bound volumes of the SENTINEL. We are happy to say that we can now fill orders for any quan-tity of the first volume, bound in manilla or cloth, with index. The bound volume is neat and handy, and will be of great value as a book of reference, or a text-book for those who wish to understand the folly and iniquity of the so-called National Reform movement. Price, in manilla covers, 60 cents; in cloth, $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oak-land, Cal. A PATERNAL Government, under exceptional circumstances, may for a time secure a certain amount of material prosperity and even of moral and intellectual development, but in general this system must develop a tpye of character where the virtues of childhood are not only exaggerated at the expense of those which are the glory of manhood, but are liable also to be extinguished by the vices of a man-hood uncontrolled by reason or conscience.ŠPres. George Washburn. THE most fatal consequence which has in any age resulted from the connection between Church and State, is the application of the penalties of the one to the disorders of the other,Šthe correction of spiritual offenses by temporal chastisements. . . . And since its wickedness and its folly have been exposed and acknowledged, there can now be no cir-cumstances under which a wise Government would employ such interference, or an en-lightened priesthood desire it.Š Waddington. N Ł REFORM LOGIO.ŠIn the Christian Nation, a certain minister, in an article headed, " Ours a Christian Nation," amongst other proofs (?) offers the following:Š "There is not an anti-Christian law on our statute books; that is, not a law opposed to Christianity." And there is not a law on our statute books opposed to Mohammedanism; does that make ours a Mohammedan nation? There is not a  law against Buddhism; not a law against in-fidelity. ThereforeŠwhat kind of a nation are we? -A law against any of these would be an infringement of human rights, and there-fore an outrage. Ours is a civil Government Šjust as it ought to, be. To make it a relig-ious GovernmentŠto unite it with ecclesiasti-cismŠis simply Church and State, and any denial of it is a subterfuge. The Truth Confessed. THE National Reformers persistently talk about the " Christian Sabbath," and the " Chris-tian law of marriage," and one of their most prominent "Secretaries" said, in the States-man, that "the race is indebted to the religion of Christ for the pure blessing of the family." The gospel is of infinite worth to the fallen race, but we do not believe it is honored or advanced by destroying its relations. To deny original obligations and original institutions is to neutralize the gospel, for the gospel is purely remedial, and to merge every obligation and institution into the gospel is to make it elementary and not remedial. But the truth will out sometimes. In the Christian Nation of December 22, 1886, in the Sunday-school Notes by Rev. W. J. Coleman, himself a zealous "Reformer," are the follow-ing words:Š "Marriage and the Sabbath, these are the two gifts of God to Paradise, which have sur-vived the fall. How sadly sin has marred them both, yet they bear the aroma of the Eden whence they came, and hold inclosed within them the greater part of the happiness yet engaged [enjoyed?] in this world." True, every word. But that which was given in Paradise and has "survived the fall," cannot be of Christian origin, or be any part of Christianity. Both these institutions are contained in the moral law, the violation of which made the gospel necessary. We have several times called attention to the fact that the Reformers generally ignore the proper distinction between morality and religion. The above declaration of Mr. Coleman looks toward a recognition of that distinction. We are constrained to believe that these people have no system of Bible ethics, but indulge in random talk to suit their fancy and the occa-sion. We repeat what we have said before, "The gospel enforces all morality, but it originates none." Pardon recognizes the obligation or binding power of the law, but it does not annul law, or give authority to law. The ministry of the gospel is a "ministry of rec- onciliation." That, and that only. When-ever our model reformers prove that the Sab- bath and marriage are of Christian origin, and did not exist in Paradise before the fall of man, then we will unite with them in talking about a "Christian Sabbath," if any such can be found, and we will accept marriage as a Christian institution, and acknowledge that the blessing of the family is peculiar to the gospelŠbut not till then. J. H. W. Ł 4. "I CHARGE thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his king- dom; preach the word."ŠPaul to Timothy. Renewals of Subscriptions. A NUMBER of subscriptions to this paper expire in February, 1887, also in March, 1887. The address label will tell the exact date to which your time is paid. Our terms are cash in advance and we hope that none of our readers will allow their name to be dropped from our mailing list. Please renew early so as to avoid the possibility of missing any issue of the SENTINEL. The price is only 50 cents per year, less than one cent a week. Who cannot raise that small sum to aid a noble cause? If you will send us two new subscribers at 50 cents each, we will send you the AMERICAN SENTINEL one year free. Ł The True Educator. " THE students in the industrial department of the South Lancaster Academy print the True Educator as a part of their school work, and it is one of the neat-est papers which comes to our desk. Fortunate that parent whose child has such facilities in connection with his studies."ŠNew England Journal of Education. "The True Educator is certainly a credit to its editor and to the Academy. Shall try to send some-thing for its columns."ŠJohn C. Rolfe, Ph. D., Cincin-nati, 0., late instructor in Greek, Cornell University. "The three great educational monthly periodicals of this time are the True Educator, South Lancaster, Mass., the American Teacher, Boston, Mass., and the Western School Journal, Topeka, Kansas."ŠTongan-oxie (Kansas) News. We have made arrangements with the publishers of the above-mentioned six teen-page journal, whereby we can now offer the True Educator (regular price 75 cents) and the AMERICAN SENTINEL (price 50 cents) for $1.00. Address PACIFIC Pam, Oakland, Cal. Ł Ł Combination Offer. MANY people, in all parts of the country, are deeply interested in the investigation of the Sabbath ques-tion. To aid such we make the following combina-tion offer to both old and new subscribers to this paper. For $1.50 we will send the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL one year, and the "History of the Sabbath and First Day of the Week," post-paid, to any address. This book contains a mine of information. Every text of Scripture concerning the Sabbath is com-mented on at length. ShoUld be read by everybody. 528 pages. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, Oak-land, Cal. *I Ł a HISTORY OTT THE SABBATH AND FIRST DAY OF THE WEEK. BY ELD. J. N. ANDREWS. THIS WORK CONTAINS A MINE OF INFORMATION. THE Bible record of the Sabbath; the secular history con-cerning it; the successive steps by which the change to the first day was made, and the work of restoration, are given in detail. Every text of Scripture concerning the Sabbath is commented on at length; and the complete Testimony of the Fathers in regard to the Sabbath and first day is given. The Compara-tive merits of the seventh and the first-day Sabbaths are fully shown. A copious index enables the reader to find any text, or the statement of any historian. Should be read by everybody. 528 pp. Price, $1.25. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy", per year, - - - - - SO cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  Rs. Specimen copies free. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 