AMERICAN SENTINEL. 125 for hundreds of years sometimes," said Robert Billings. "I have no doubt you could, Robert, and it would be a fine sight, for three hundred men could stand under its massive limbs, but foolish Philip got angry one day and had it cut down." "Didn't Philip II. have another name?" asked Joe Palmeter. "Yes, he was called Augustus, and his father called him the 'God-given,' because he was so glad to have a son born to him," answered Professor Carman, as he touched the bell, signifying that they were dismissed MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. Magnifying the Law. "Now, Charlie," said Mrs. Ross, "we have seen the bold statements of the pope in regard to the law of God. He holds it only lightly, pours contempt upon it, and assumes power to do away with it." "But, mama, has he ever done it?" "Yes; that is, he has thought himself able to do it. In 'Butler's Catechism' you may find the ten command-ments in the mutilated shape in which they are taught to the people. The second commandment is entirely omitted, as it would condemn the practice of making im-ages for the purpose of worship, or as they say of wor-shiping God and the virgin, etc. The fourth command-ment is almost entirely left out, and in order to make up for the loss of the second, the tenth commandment is di-vided into two, the ninth reading 'Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife,' and the tenth, 'Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's goods.'" "What can God think of this, mama? It does seem as if Satan were trying to set up a rival government on earth, and has succeeded in gaining the world to an un-knowing allegiance to himself. Now, mama, here. I am nearly fourteen, and I never knew before that all this was foretold in the Bible and fulfilled by the papacy. Tell me what Jesus thinks about this?" "I will let you come to your own conclusions by reading the Word of God. Turn to Isaiah 42:21. What does the prophet foretell about Christ's attitude to the law?" Charlie read: "The Lord is well pleased for his right-eousness' sake; he will magnify the law, and make it hon-orable." "Tell me what it means to magnify anything." Charlie opened the dictionary and read: "To make great or greater; to increase the apparent dimensions of; to enlarge; to increase the power and glory of; to exalt, to extol, to sound the praises of." "I have a small magnifying glass in my hand. We will place it over the text 'God is love.' Now how does it appear?" "Much plainer and blacker." "Here is a daisy. Look at that." "0, mama, how beautiful! I never knew a daisy  petal was so lovely. It sparkles as if diamond dust were sprinkled through it." "Has the glass brought out anything that wasn't true?" "No, mama. It has only shown up its hidden beauty Šonly shown us -a little more clearly that 'God is love.'" "Now what was Christ to do with the law?" "Magnify and make it honorable." "His attitude to the law was to be exactly the reverse of that of the papacy. Let us see how he fulfilled the prophecy. Turn to Matt. 5:17, 18, 19." Charlie read: "Think not that I am come to destroy the law or the prophets : I am not come to destroy, but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven; but whosoever shall 'do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." "That settles it, mama. I knew the pope could not change God's law.'.' "No; he cannot. But each one of us may think our way better than God's. We shall be safe only as we hum-bly seek the grace of Christ, and walk meekly in the foot-steps of him who has said, 'I have kept my father's com-mandments, and abide in his love.' One word on the magnifying of the law. How does the.eighth command-ment read?" "Thou shalt not kill," said Charlie. "When Jesus magnified it, how deep did he show it to be? Where did it reach?" "Whosoever is angry with his brother . . . is a murderer." "Yes; not only does the law prohibit the outward act of violence, but it guards the heart from even an unkind thought." "What fulfills the law?" "Love worketh no ill to his neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." "And who is love?" "God," said Charlie. "Then if this love abides in us, we shall be God-like, or Godly, and then can we expect the world, the flesh and the devil to look with favor upon us? Still what shall we choose to do?ŠTake the side of him who thinks to change God's law, or the side of him who magnifies and makes it honorable?" "0, mama, let us sing, 'I will follow thee, my Saviour Šby thy gracei'll follow thee.'" F. B. DoN'T skip an article because it may happen to be more than a column in length. The best things cannot always be put into the shortest space. RIGHT principles are pure gold to every youth. 