34 ..A.IVICIF1 VOL. 11, No. 5. unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee. Ask of me, and I will give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy pos-session." b" The earth is the Lord's, and the fullness thereof; the world, and them that dwell therein; " and he will give it and the kingdoms thereof to his Anointed. This wonderful transaction is presented in the prophecy of Daniel. The prophet says: " I saw in the night visions, and behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him. And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all peoples, nations, and languages should serve him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed." Many have been the attempts made by zeal-ous but misguided men to put the kingdoms of this world, or a part of them, into the pos-session of Christ. All that human legislation and the force of arms could do, has been done to realize this long-cherished dream. But all such efforts were against that kingdom instead of for it. They were contrary to the divine purpose and plan of drawing men to God by the cords of love. They sought to force man-kind into a condition of acceptance with God, and thus to usher in the happy era of Christ's kingdom of righteousness and peace. And in doing this they ruthlessly put out of the way, so far as was in their power, all such as opposed their purpose with the preaching of the true gospel of self-denial and love to all men. The Anointed of the Lord receives the king-doms of this earth not to perpetuate them, but to destroy them. His kingdom cannot be visibly set up on the earth while these re-main. They are ruled by those who will not yield allegiance to him. They are of the world, and his kingdom is not of this world. John 18: 36. And at the final day, when Christ shall come in the clouds of heaven as King of kings and Lord of lords, they will be, as foreseen by the apostle John, arrayed against him, to resist him as an invader of their realms. Rev. 19: 11-19. And then will be fulfilled the latter part of the Lord's decree,Š" Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Thus will the kingdoms of this earth be transferred to the dominion of Christ, and thus will he do with them in the day when that transfer shall be accomplished. "Be wise now therefore, 0 ye kings; be instructed, ye judges of the earth. Serve the Lord with fear, and rejoice with trembling. Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little." Serve him not in hypocrisy, nor mock him with empty forms and profession. Give him not the kiss of insincerity, as did Judas, but the kiss of love. Cast not off the cords of love whereby he would draw you to himself. Trust not in your own power and " imagine a vain thing," nor lead any to trust in the arm of flesh. The day is near when God alone shall be exalted among the heathen and in all the earth; and " blessed are all they that put their trust in him." NO "AMERICAN SABBATH." As reported in the World, of January 21, the first vice-president of the New England Sabbath Protective League, Rev. Ruen Thomas, has declared that there is no 6-8. Dam 7: 13, 14. " American sabbath." While presiding at a meeting of the league, January 20, he said: " I always object to the use of the phrase, The American sabbath,' as occasionally used by the secretary. There is no American sab-bath; Americans did not originate the Sab-bath." This is a true statement, and in harmony with what the SENTINEL has often said. We are pleased to note such an opinion coming from an official of a " Sabbath Protective League." God made the Sabbath, by resting upon and sanctifying the seventh day, at the close of creation week; and if people would disabuse their minds of the idea that we have in this country an " American sabbath," to be preserved like any American institution, they would see that God himself has, in the fourth commandment, enacted all the legisla-tion necessary for the preservation of the Sabbath through all time. We also note with pleasure that this New England " Sabbath League," " came out flat-footed," as reported, " against a revival of Blue Law practices." In this they set a good example, which we trust may prove contag-ious. A CONSPIRACY AGAINST OUR PUBLIC SCHOOLS. IN treating " practical Christian sociology from the standpoint of education," Dr. Crafts says:Š Our "godless schools," so far as they are "godless," however made so, cannot be defended on American principles. We must retake those surrendered guns and reoccupy the only defensible position for an American Christian nation, namely, that our public schools shall again teach Christian morals in an an-sectarian manner as a necessary basis of social security and good citizenship.' Recognizing some, at least, of the difficul-ties that would beset an attempt to carry out this suggestion, our author says:Š In these days of a more complex and more critical population, it might be wise in some cases to put in place of the extemporaneous freedom of former years and the timid secularity of recent times, carefully prepared schedules of Bible readings and text-books of morals from which controverted points had been excluded, so far as practicable, by mutual agreement of Protestant and Roman Catholic authorities, six-sevenths of whose creeds, as we shall show, is " com-mon Christianity" that can be taught in unison for six days per week, leaving the sabbath for sectarian teaching in the case of these who do not believe that even then it is better to teach the "common Chris-tianity." 2  "Such a plan is practicable," adds Dr. Crafts, " for it is practiced." He then cites " the case of the Pennsylvania Reform School at Morganza, where our 'common Christian-ity,' with special reference to Christian morals, has been taught daily to the whole school for many years by Protestant teachers from an unsectarian Christian text book, written for this purpose by a Roman Catholic priest, Father Canevan, of Pittsburg; a text book which has been approved by his bishop, ap- proved also by a Presbyterian editor the board of management and by other Protes-tants." This wonderful book is entitled, " Easy Lessons in Christian Doctrine," and the reader will be interested to know just what it teaches. This very proper curiosity we shall endeavor to gratify sufficiently to indicate the character of the book and to illustrate fairly "Practical Christian Sociology," p. 93. ' Id., p. 94. James Allison, D. D., who, in approving this book. des-cribed himself thus: "I am a Presbyterian minister and ed-itor of the Presbyterian, Banner, as well as Chairman of the Committee of Instruction and Discipline of the Pennsylvania Reform School." the practical workings of the system recom-mended by the author of "Practical Christian Sociology." " Easy Lessons in Christian Doctrine" is a pamphlet of fifty-three pages, four by five and one-half inches in size, in two parts. Part I., thirty-two pages, is made up of twenty-three lessons in Roman Catholic doctrine, concern-ing creation, the trinity, the fall, the redemp-tion, the commandments, and the judgment. Part 'II. is a short history of the Christian religion reaching from creation to the day of Pentecost. We cannot notice each lesson in detail, but shall quote sufficient to prove our statement that the lessons are lessons in Roman Catholic doctrine. The phraseology throughout be-trays a Roman Catholic writer, one who has been instructed in Roman Catholic religious books. For instance, the word " justice" is used where the King James version always uses " righteousness; " " Sem " where the King James uses " Shem; " " Pasch" where the King James always uses " Passover." But we will let the book speak for itself. The following passage upon the subject of sins, distinctly sets forth the Roman Catholic doctrine of mortal and venial sins, but here this papal doctrine is made " easy" by calling them " grievous offenses" and " small of-fenses ":Š Ques. Are all actual sins equally great ? Ans. No; all sins are not equally great; there are grievous offenses against the law of God, and there are also small offenses against the law of God, Q. What are the effects of grievous offenses against the law of God? A. Grievous offenses against the law of God kill the soul, by depriving it of the true spiritual life of grace, and make it liable to eternal punishment in hell. Q. What are the effects of small offenses against the law of God? A. Small offenses against the law of God do not rob the soul of the true spiritual life of grace; but they hurt the soul by lessening its love for God, and by disposing to great sins. Q Is it a great misfortune to fall into grievous sin ? A. It is the greatest of all misfortunes. The next thing after this piece of papal doctrine is to find a purgatory for those souls who are "hurt" by the small misfortune of " small offenses" against the law of God; and this is done in the following " easy " lesson :Š Ques. Did Christ's soul descend into the hell of the damned? Ans. The hell into which Christ's soul descended was not the hell of the damned, but a place or state of rest. Q. Who were in this place of rest? A. The souls of the just who died before Christ. Q. 9  Why did Christ descend into this place? A. To announce to those spirits that were in prison the joyful tidings of their redemption. Q. When did the souls of the just who died before Christ go to heaven? A. When Christ ascended into heaven. Q. Where was Christ's body while his soul was in limbo, or the place of rest? A. In the sepulcher, or grave. This limbo is an " easy " word for the latin limbus patrum, and is essentially the Roman Catholic purgatory. This indeed is evident from the doctrine of the whole lesson. How the editor of the Presbyterian Banner or even the author of " Practical Christian So-ciology" could indorse such teaching is more.  than we can explain. The fact that they do, shows to what lengths " Protestants" are willing to go in this matter. Lesson three of Part II. sets forth the Ro-man Catholic doctrine of Gen. 3: 15, which, according to to the Catholic Bible, reads as :Š I put enmities between thee and the woman 