JUNE 1, 1893. .A.M1MIEICA.N SIENTIENIEJLA. 173 of others and destroying our law of lib-erty. So long as a man is not interfer-ing with my rights, and doing that which deprives me of the right to " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," he has a per-fect right to do as he pleases. And when any individual or community undertakes to make any one do that which he does not want to do, or to leave undone that which he wants to do, when the doing or not doing the thing proposed would not interfere with the privileges of any other person or persons, that individual or com-munity is transgressing the law of per-sonal freedom. I here affirm that all attempts to en-force divine law, in any way, by civil enactments, is a step toward the union of Church and State, and is destructive of personal liberty; I also affirm, that the effort of the National Reformers is to compel men everywhere, rich and poor, bond and free, male and female, to rest on the first day of the week or Sunday; which is, if an obligation at all, a Chris-tian obligation the same as to pray, to repent, to partake of the Lord's Supper, or to be baptized, therefore any attempt to compel men to observe that day as a day of rest is a union of Church and State, clear and unmistakable, and is as much against the Constitution of the United States, and personal liberty as it would be to pass a law that every one must be baptized and become a member of the Christian Church. A man is in no way infringing on my, rights by working on Sunday, for he does not attempt to make me do so, and if I am worshiping God, as I ought to be, the fact of his being at work would in no way interfere with my right to worship God any more than my worshiping God would interfere with his right to work. By working he does not interfere with my right to " life, lib-erty and the pursuit of happiness," while if I or the community, attempt to compel him to refrain from labor on Sunday, we are depriving him of both liberty and the right to the pursuit of happiness, and have laid the foundation for the " rack " and " gibbet " in the United States.ŠCarey Smith, in the People's Call, Wash. An Adventist Minister on Sunday Laws. SUNDAY law advocates and their sym-pathizers on the judicial bench seem to be ignorant (many wilfully so) of the fact that Sunday laws are religious laws and as such are oppressive and subversive of religious liberty, a principle which we, as a people, hold so sacred. That Sunday laws are religious is evident on their face. The law of Maryland, with which I have to deal in this article reads as fol-lows : " No person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." The use of the term " Lord's day," in this law is an acknowledgment of the religious char-acter of the law. And the fact that it is used only against those who religiously ob-serve another day, while Sunday (first day of the week) observers, so-called, are permitted, with full liberty, to work that day, proves it to be oppressive and sub-versive of religious liberty. Religious bigotry on the part of a Methodist minister and a presiding elder, and prejudice on the part of the magis-trate and judge, has resulted in the con-finement in jail of one of the most re-spected, peaceable and law-abiding citi- zens of Kent County, Md. So much confidence is placed in this man by the jailer that the door of his room is left unlocked. He is serving out his time in jail quietly, humbly and in the fear of God, behind an unlocked door, reading his Bible and directing his prayers and songs of praise to him who is mighty to save, rejoicing that he is permitted to suffer with him who was " a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief " and repeating by his actions the language of Paul, " None of these things move me." The Centreville Observer remarks edi-torially :Š He religiously observed one day in the week as rest day, and attended to all the duties of an up-right Christian on that day. His day for worship was Saturday, and he worshiped on that day. It was not the mere dodge of a Sabbath-breaker, but a conscientious, religious conviction. For living up to his convictions he is seized, as the law of the land directs, and is cast into prison. He was wor-shiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience, a right guaranteed him by the Consti-tution of the land. In that regard (worshiping God on Saturday) he was availing himself of a guaranteed right under the Constitution. That he was violating the statute, however, in working on Sunday goes without saying, and in doing so he must have known that he was amenable to its provisions, provisions which all good citizens must obey, for as a conscientious man he is called upon to obey the " laws " of the land. That he has a full right to rest on Saturday nobody denies, but that he has a right to work on Sunday the law does deny, and whether he thinks Sunday entitled to be observed or not he can not escape the demand upon him to obey the laws and institutions under which he lives. He has a full right to rest two days in seven, if his religious convictions and the established law so direct him, but whilst the law stands he should as a good citizen obey it; cer-tainly so long as the law does not do violence to his conscience by compelling him to work on Saturday. The old plea that Sunday laws do not prevent the keeping of another day is fully stated in the foregoing. All this may sound very nice to some, but as a matter of fact seventh-day keepers are not only prohibited from working on Sunday, but are also interfered with in their observance of the Bible Sabbath. Judge Wickes, who sent Mr. Judefind to prison for working on Sunday, and who, at the same time claimed the law did not molest him for keeping Saturday, is re-ported by the press a year ago as saying, The law says that we shall observe but one day as the Sabbath and that is the day commonly called Sunday." These two- statements by the same judge re-minds us of the Indian who said he did not like the white man because he blows hot and cold out of the same mouth, that is, if a thing is hot he blows it to cool it, and if cool he blows it to warm it. And so with the judgeŠhe blows hot and cold. In other words, he takes two opposite positions on the same law. The Kent News gives Judge Wickes' decision in the Judefind case, as follows :Š The court held, in substance, that the point at issue, namely, working on Sunday, was not a mat-ter of creed or practice of any religious denomina-tion. There could certainly not be a rule or prac-tice making it obligatory to work on Sunday. The law does not say that they can not abstain from work on Saturday, but does say that they shall not work on Sunday, and applies to every one, it mat-ters not what may be his creed or religion. The reader will notice particularly that the judge says, "The law does not say that they can not abstain from work on Saturday," and yet only one year ago a member of the same Seventh-day Advent-ist Church to which Mr. Judefind belongs, was sent to jail by this same judge for wishing to rest on the Sabbath (Saturday) and demanding that right, when called before the court to give testimony on that day. The following dispatch published  by the leading dailies of our county, in April 1892, will explain the case :Š Chestertown, Md., April 26.ŠWilliam E. Hub-bard, son of John E. Hubbard, of Tolchester, is in jail here for contempt of court in refusing to testify on Saturday in a case brought by his father against another man. When called to the stand he said:Š "Judge, it is no use to swear me; I will not testify. To day is my Sabbath day, and although I know the Bible says, `obey those in authority over you,' Peter says, ' obey God rather than man,' and as this is my Sabbath I refuse to be sworn." " Well," said the Judge, "I have been on the bench twenty-four years and I have never had a case of this kind, and, however true your quota-tion of Peter may be, the law says that we shall observe but one day as the Sabbath, and that is the day commonly called Sunday, and sir, you must either testify or go to jail." The young man still refused, and went to jail. He is a Seventh-day Adventist. Let the impartial reader look at these two decisions of Judge Wickes and then answer if Sunday laws as interpreted by Judge Wickes are, or are not, subversive of religious liberty. Religious intoler-ance and bigotry are ruling even our courts, and seventh-day observers not only are denied their rights, but fail even to get protection on account of unjust and unconstitutional laws. The Maryland Bill of Rights, ratified Sept. 18, 1867, which in Art. 36, declares : "No person ought, by any law, to be molested in his person or estate on ac-count of his religious persuasion or pro-fession or for his religious practice" is a dead letter as far as seventh-day keepers are concerned. In the face of the fore-going statement of facts how long can we expect even toleration, to say nothing at all of rights? The position of the judge that " work-ing on Sunday is not a matter of creed or practice of any religious denomina-tion; there certainly can not be a rule or practice making it obligatory to work on Sunday," is faulty. Seventh-day ob-servers claim that Sunday, as a religious day is of heathen origin introduced into Christendom by the Roman Catholic Church as a mark of its authority. In a Catholic work entitled " Plain Talk about Protestantism of To-day," on page 213, that church says:Š The observance of Sunday by Protestants is an homage they pay in spite of themselves to the au-thority of the [Catholic] Church. In a letter to the writer, Cardinal Gib-bons, through his secretary, said The Catholic Church changed the day of rest from the last to the first day of the week, because the most memorable of Christ's works were accom-plished on Sunday. It is needless for me to enter into any elaborate proof of the matter. They can not prove their point from Scripture; therefore, if sincere, they must acknowledge that they draw their observance of the Sunday from tradition, and are therefore weekly contradicting themselves, Yours very sincerely, W. A. REARDON. Father Enright, of Redemptorist Col-lege, Kansas City, Mo., in a letter to the writer, says :Š Jan. 11, 1892. DEAR FRIEND:ŠI have repeatedly offered $1,000 to any one who can prove to me from the Bible alone that I am bound to keep Sunday holy. There is no such law in the Bible. It is a law of the holy Catholic Church alone. The Bible says, "Remem-ber that thou keep holy the Sabbath day." The Catholic Church says: " No ! By my divine power I abolish the Sabbath day, and command you to keep holy the first day of the week." And, lo! the entire civilized world bows down in reverent obe-dience to the command of the holy Catholic Church. Yours respectfully, T. ENRIGHT, CSS. R. Lock Box 75, Kansas City, Mo. Resting is an act of worship; in 2. Chron. 36: 21, we read, "As long as she 