AMERICAN SENTINEL. 173 and then this last part was added: 'There is to be no deviation from this rule, except by authority of the board of directors.' If that resolution had been pro- mulgated eighteen months or two years ago, it may be fairly doubted if that great hall ever could have been built. It was not built for week day use, nor Sunday use; it was built for use by the people. It was built without reference to religion, politics, creed or sect, and the people who built it have the right to demand that it be kept sacred to their uses and free from restrictions imposed by any class. If its use is to be restricted on Sundays to please Christians, why should it not be equally restricted on Saturdays to please Jews, that is their day of worship; and why should its use not be restricted throughout all of Lent to conform to the ideas of Catholics? That resolution was a sorry tribute Lathe church people. "For one, I cannot believe that they wanted it, or expected it, or do now approve it. I cannot think them possessed of such illiberality and such flagrant disregard for other people's opinions and rights as to wish to impose their own individual and peculiar ties upon the management of a public property. The hall directors erred when they presupposed the narrowness of the church people, and they erred still more grievously, if they imagined that their action would pass without protest. The Commercial Club indorsed that action; but the Commercial Club did not build Convention Hall; it helped to build it. Surely men of their breadth and sense of justice will not seek to override the rights and opinions of the humbler men who also helped to build it. "When was the Commercial Club constituted a Sanhedrin to exercise its conscience for the spiritual guidance of the community; it does not contribute to the making of Kansas City a good place to live in to have a commercial Sanhedrim tell us how we shall and shall not spend our Sundays. There are some things in reference to that unprecedented performance that the public would be greatly interested in knowing. "How many members of the commercial Sanhedrim are there? "How many were present and voted when they indorsed the action of the Convention Hall high priests? "Was notice of such impending action duly served upon each member of the Sanhedrim, and in ample time to allow of his being present? "Previous to taking this action were any efforts made to ascertain what were the opinions of thousands of other joint owners of the hall? "The Commercial Sanhedrim is made up of men of means. Many of them have spacious homes and grounds; most of them have horses, carriages and servants; they have books and pictures and music at home; they can press a button and a liveried servant drives a carriage to the door; they can drive with their family to the country, Sunday, which brings to them rest, variety, recreation and enjoyment. "What of the tens of thousands who must toil early and late, who live in crowded houses, for whom Sunday is merely a change from the monotony of the shop or factory or store to the monotony of dreary homes, who have but little of variety,recreation and pleasure? The rich members of the Sanhedrim do not need the Conven-tion Hall on Sunday; they do not even need the high  elass musical and literaryentertainments which the high priests of the hall, made gracious, deigned to allow; but the poor people need that hall; and if the Sanhedrim and the high priests have the welfare of the city really at heart, they could do no nobler, finer, better thing than to inaugurate a series of Sunday entertainments in the hall, cheap enough to be within the reach of all, and good enough to give pleasure and profit to all. The rich members of the Commercial Sanhedrim drive to church on rubber tires and worship God in velvet pews; they drink from silver goblets lined with gold, and won-der why so many poor devils go to the saloons to drink beer. I will tell them why. It is because they have no other place to go. The man who goes to the saloon instead of to the church, goes there because he prefers it. A nickel buys him a glass of beer, and in addition fellowship, fraternity and equality. He could not buy as much in a church for less than $10,000 a year, and now the good people are trying to close the saloons on Sunday, and the superlatively good Sanhedrim has already sealed up the Convention Hall, and both are trying to serve God and incidentally make this city a good place to live in. Let me tell them, one and all, no city can be a good place to live in unless the people are happy and contented. No people can be happy and contented when made moral by mandates and religious compulsion; the people must be free. One man's freedom ends only where an-other one's begins. The right to go to a church is no more sacred than the right to go to a theater. It is in the liberty to go, not in the place." "I must say that the Post Fountain Pen is by far the best fountain pen that I have ever used. It is a great wonder." C. E. KENDALL, Short. Falls, N. H. TO OUR. PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bana Dry& on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind o4 good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper moue, or coin is sent, register the letter. AM   KRIC A N SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year Six months - .50. Three months .23. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 