THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 93 be protected in the way by the power of God, and thus be a living illustration of that power which could lift them above the State, and all their environment, and in spite of the error of the world, and the temptations of the world, the flesh, and the.devil, sanctify them through the truth. The world seeing this evidence of divine power and protection, was to be led to believe in. Christ, and in the Father who sent him. So long as Christians have faith in that prayer of Christ and in the power of the Father, who promised to an-swer that prayer, they will ask no other protection. When they do ask and receive State protection, that kind of Christianity is no longer an illustration of a power above the world, to lift mankind to God, but it is an illustration of a power of the world to hold all mankind down on a level. And, therefore, when Christianity is thus protected, the Church, as in the fourth century, soon becomes the State, and the State the Church. Such protec-tion is simply destruction. The Church really ceases to exist, for it is lost in the State, and its officers are officers of the State who use Christianity but for polit-ical ends. Christianity then either ceases to exist, or lingers only in the hearts of a faithful and persecuted few who are compelled thereby to resist both the Church and the State. There is one other reason why the Gov-ernment protects " tin, coal, wool, salt, etc." It is to secure a revenue with which to maintain or enhance its power. May not this be a hint of the true reason why so many ministers are now clamoring for State protection ? Having lost in a large degree the power of God, and the revenue which freely flows from the honest hearts and converted pockets of true Christians, they want to make up the lack by the power of the State, and the revenue of the State, by which they hope in the future.  millennial Utopia to be supported. G. E. FIFIELD. Ł No Sunday Law Needed. THIS is a land of liberty. This is the chosen spot to which the oppressed of all nations have flocked in hope to find a haven of freedom. Here, if anywhere, should the shackles be taken from the mind as well as from the body. Here, if anywhere, should that, independence of action and of intellect, denied in the Old World, be not only permitted, but sa-credly guarded as a right. The Bee is unalterably opposed to any Sunday law that will in any manner inter-fere with the freedom of the individual. For that reason, it is heart and soul against the measure which a few people desire that the Legislature shall Cram down the throats of the citizens. The State has no more moral right to pass a fiunday law than it hag to pass a Saturday  law ; for Saturday is the Sabbath of the Jews and of the Seventh-day Adventists. To the law-giving power, all religions should be equally sacred, and all should be kept beneath, and not allowed to flaunt above, the Constitution. The Bee believes in one day's rest out of seven, but it does not believe that the churches should be permitted to crack their whips over the shoulders of the peo-ple. Those who do not go to church, and they are fully two-thirds of the popula-tion, certainly have equally as much right as the one-third who do attend. Laws which aim to enforce a proper, respectful and orderly treatment of the usually ac-cepted Sabbath day are well enough, and to those we could have no objection. But we certainly do protest against any such measure as is now before the Legislature Ša measure redolent of slavery and of the crushing out of individualliberty.ŠSacra-mento ( Cal.) Bee. Sunday-Law Logic In Canada. BRITISH COLUMBIA, like several of the States of our own country, is wrestling with the Sunday-law problem, or rather the friends of religious liberty there are battling to maintain their rights against the assaults of those who would destroy them in the supposed interests of relig-ion. In a recent discussion of a Sunday bill in the Legislature of that province, reported in the Victoria Times, Hon. Mr. Davie said that he did, not intend to pass a silent vote on this question, nor yet did he intend to support the second reading of the bill before the House. He was entitled to give his individual opinion for so doing, and he must say he was not in favor of the bill. For his part he be-lieved in freedom of action, and so long as a man does not trespass on the rights of his neighbor he has a right to do as he pleases, whether on Sunday or any other day. The mere question of morals is one entirely for himself and his Maker. As for trying to legislate for morality, it is a mistake alto-gether. Mr. Davie was perfectly prepared to admit the sanctity of the Sabbath, but thought that law should not interfere with private rights. If one has a billiard room and asks a friend to come and have a game of billiards on Sunday or any other day, he has a perfect right to do so. This act has the very same fault that the old Elizabethan act had, to which Mr. Davie made reference the other day. The' persons mentioned in clause 2, with the general term " or any other persons," simply meant those people. Therefore this is a law in favor of what are called in the old statute, " gentlemen." It will restrict the workingman, or any one who has to work for a living, from everything almost, on Sunday, and will give the rich man or the idle loafer the utmost freedom. As to tippling (what-ever that might be), why should that be forbidden on Sunday any more than on other days in the week, if it is wrong ? And then gambling with dice, why is the act, he asked, restricted to this, while any one who is inclined can go into the back parlor and play faro and poker, which are worse ? Then why should the man who had been working hard. all the week be prevented from taking his gun and doing a little potting on Sunday ? Did it do any one any harm ? That clause is too ridiculous to be entertained. Altogether Mr. Davie considered the act an unde-sirable measure, as being entirely unnecessary, and  as endeavoring to infringe upon private rights. It would be a retrogressive movement to pass it. Colonel Baker, although he would not vote against the second reading of this bill was inclined to agree with the Attorney-General that it is not desirable to restrain individual rights. Another view of the matter was pre-sented by Mr. Robson, who, according to the report, urged the passage of the bill on religious grounds. Honorable members must recollect that they are legislating for a British country, and they must re-member that the very basis, so to speak, of the British throne is the Bible. He believed that Great Britain is great because she is a Christian nation. This being a branch of that nation, an important question like that before the House should be dis-cussed in a spirit of sobriety and earnestness, de-siring to place this province in at least as good a position in regard to legislation of this kind as the other provinces of the Dominion He was sorry he could not agree with the remarksŁ of the Attorney-General. It was a very broad view to take that a man should be allowed to do as he liked, so long as he did not interfere with the rights of his neighbor. . . . The Sabbath imposes a great obligation upon usŠwe must observe it not only, as a day of rest, but of worship. Mr. Robson hoped he was right in saying that this House represents, at all events, a nominally Christian community. Now if a man is allowed to do as he pleases, the Sabbath disappears altogether in the light of Ł a Christian obligation. Mr. Robson thought it would be most unfortunate if we were to attempt to copy the customs of some of those continental countries which have disposed of the Sabbath altogether. Hon. Mr. Pooley referred to the state-ment of the leader of the Government that it- would be a standing disgrace to British Columbia not to have a Sunday law. Mr. Pooley took exactly the oppo-site view of the matter. He considered it a great credit to British Columbia that there has never been.any necessity to pass a law of that kind. British Columbia has always been a most orderly, well-conducted province. Why a law of this kind is needed, he did not under-stand; the country is as well conducted to-day as when he first canie into it twenty-eight years ago. The honorable member for New Westminster had stated that football, cricket, and other games are an annoyance to certain members of the community. Mr. Pooley had never seen any of these games played on Sunday, but if they did take place, he would not seek them if they were an annoyance to him. Why should people who do not like these matters, go for a walk on Sunday after church ? They are taking their enjoyment in their own way; why should not others, who also engage in innocent amusement, take their recreation ? Mr. Pooley could not see why this should be, and while saying this, he was a church man, but would not say to his neighbor, " You must do as I do." He thought it a bad class of legislation to bring into the House. Mr. Pooley personally believed in staying at home and enjoying the rest which the Sunday gives, but he did not think it his duty to legislate that a man may not do as he wishes. He would vote against the bill. From all of which it appears that about the only difference between the Sunday-law contest in the Dominion and in the United States, is that in the fornier they are more bold to demand enforced Sunday obsi.rvance upon the only real ground that there is for it, namely, the religious character of the day. "A GOOD thing to perpetuateŠfreedom." 