THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 291 All his time and poWers belong to the Lord. They are talents entrusted to him to use for God. It is manifest that to the man who believes this and who lives it, every act is in a sense religious. Such a man will gladly do whatever is his duty toward his neighbor and toward societyŠdo it not with eye-service, as a man-pleaser, but as "serving the Lord Christ." To require of him more than this, or to for-bid him to do this, is to infringe his rights of con-science; for hiS every act springs from conscientious Conviction of duty. If he prays, it is of God ; if he labors with his hands, he does it as the Lord's servant. Therefore, viewed from the standpoint of the Chris-tian, all natural rights are religious rights, and all lib-erty is religious liberty. To forbid to any man that which God permits, is to restrict the liberty of God's servant; while to exact from him more than justice de-mands, either in time or money, is to take from him a portion of his Lord's entrusted goods. Thus any unjust law is violative of religious liberty, which is simply liberty to live the Christian life in all every-day affairs. This liberty has been provided by the Creator for every man, and belongs to every man, whether he ever claim's it or not; and no power on earth, has any right to restrict this liberty in any way. B. Christianity Separate from the State. Jesus Christ came into the world to bring to men the true knowledge of God ; for "God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself." 2 Cor. 5 :19. He came to reveal to men the kingdom of GodŠto enun-ciate its. principles, to manifest its spirit, to reveal its character. Of it He said : "My kingdom is not of this world." John 18:36. "Except a man be born again, he can not see the kingdom of God." John 3:3. And His apostles declared, "The kingdom of God is * * * righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy GhoSt." Rom. 14:17. . "My kingdom is not of this world." Every king-dom, every state, every government of men, is alto-gether of this world and Of this world alone. How then can anybody be of any earthly kingdom or state and of the kingdom of God at the same time ? Those who are of the church are of the kingdom of God, be-cause the chiireh is the church of God, and not of this WorldŠit is composed of those who are "chosen out of the world." Those who are of the state are of this -World, because the state is altogether and only of this world. And, indeed, were not "all the kingdoms Of the world and the glory of thein", offered to Jesus for His very own? Why did he not take them and rule over them and convert them and thus save_them ? _lle.could not, because to have taken them would haVe been to recognize "the,god Of this world," by whom they Were  offered. Luke 4:5-8. And so it is ever, the kingdom of this world is offered ever only. by Satan ; and all who are Christ's will refuse it, as did our Example, and as did Moses, His chosen forerunner and type. Christ was arid is the embodiment of the church and of all Christianity. Therefore, and thus, in the Word of Christ, in the very principles of the cause of Christ, there is taught the separation between God and this world. Accordingly, Christ says in another place, "Ren-der therefore unto Caesar the things which are Cae-sar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22 :21. In that time of the head of the Roman Empire, the personification of the world's power was Caesar. And in that Roman system it was claimed that what-soever was Caesar's was God's; because to all the people of that world-system Caesar was God. He was set before the people as God ; the people were required to worship him as God ; incense was offered to his image as to God. In that system the state was divine, and Caesar was the state. Therefore that system was essentially a union of religion and the state. THE STATE NOT DIVINE. In view of this, when Jesus said, "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's," he denied to Caesar, and so to the state, every attribute, or even claim, of divinity. He showed that another than Caesar is God. He entirely separated between the things which are due to Caesar and those which are due to God. The things which are due to Caesar are not to be rendered to God. The things due to God are not to be rendered to Caesar. These are two distinct realms, two distinct personages, and two distinct fields of duty. There-fore in these words Jesus taught as plainly as it is possible to do, the complete separation of religion and the state ; that no state can ever rightly require any-thing that is due to God ; and that when it is required by the state, it is not to be rendered. Again : Jesus is the Example whom God has set to be the Guide to every person in this world in every step that can be taken in the right way. Any step taken by anybody in a way in which the Lord Jesus did not go is taken in the wrong way. He hath left us "an example, that ye should follow in his steps." I Pet. 2:2I. And Jesus never, in any manner nor to any de-gree, took any part  in political matters nor in any affairs of the state. Jesus was then, and is forever, the embodiment of true religion. Therefore, in His whole life's conduct of absolute separation from every-thing political, from all affairs of the state, there is taught to all the world, and especially to all believers in Him, the complete separation of the religion of Christ, and of all who hold it, from everything political and from all affairs of the state.,  