THE SENTINEL 014' LIBERTY. 531 ends of righteousness and the blessings that are in-separable from it. Mr. Debs and, his party are viewing only a mirage; their present pathway will never take then beyond the desert. s. MAKING ANARCHISTS. THE most dangerous anarchists are not those who commit overt acts of violence, but those who' in the name of -law and order override natural and constitutional rights. The "red" anarchist, the anarchist- who uses bomb, pistol, or stiletto, is less dangerous because his methods startle people and make them realize more fully than before the really beneficent charac-ter of wholesome laws honestly administered. The anarchist who, while professing great loyalty to law, overrides the principles of justice, is the more dangerous`because he is more respectable, his meth-ods less startling, and his work more lasting and vastly more far-reaching. Anarchy in Mansfield, Ohio. As the readers of THE SENTINEL OF 'LIBERTY know, anarchy reigns in the town of Mansfield, Ohio. The facts are these. There is 'in that place a church of the disciples of Doctor Dowie, of this city. One of the tenets of this sect is "divine heal-ing." Not long since one of the number in Mans-field refused the aid of a physician, with disastrous results both to herself and to the child that was born to her. An outcry was raised against the sect, and cer-tain elders or ministers who had gone to Mansfield from this city were mobbed, and roughly and shame fully handled, and were driven from the town and warned not to return. A week later they did return, but were prevented by the sheriff and chief of police from leaving the cars, and were carried to the next town, to which point they were followed by ,an officer, who pre-vented their hiring a private conveyance by which to return to Mansfield. A week later still, the same ministers secretly entered Mansfield by private conveyance, and going to their regular place of worship commenced relig-ious services. A crowd began to gather, and very soon the mayor, sheriff, and chief of police appeared. Bnt instead of coming to disperse the mob, they in-terrupted the meeting and compelled the Dowie eld-ers to leave the town. Commenting on this occur- rence, the Chronicle of this city, a paper far from friendly to Doctor Dowie, says : "Lawlessness continues to rule the town of Mans-field, Ohio, where two of Dowie's missionaries were compelled to seek refuge in the county jail from -a pursuing mob last Sunday. If the governor of Ohio had any backbone he would maintain the rights of those men if it took the entire national guard of Ohio to do it. The truth or falsity of the Dowie creed could be settled later." It is said these Mansfield officers took this course to save the followers of Dr. Dowie from the wrath of the mob. But if- such a course was necessary, what becomes of the constitutional] guarantees of the rights of conscicnee and of free speech in the Ohio Bill of Rights? And what becomes of consti-tutional government in Ohio? The governor of the State was appealed to for protection, but he replied shat he could not act un-less asked to do so by the sheriff of the county. But who does not know that had the governor noti-fied the sheriff that he would be held responsible for any harm that might come to those men, and had the people been told by the officers that the right of free speech and of free religious worship must be respected, order could and would have been maintained? But the officers. themselves, instead of enforcing the law, joined the mob in violating the law. So that now the highest law in Mansfield is not the constitution of the State, but the sweet will of the commune. Thumbs up, a man may preach what he believes in that city; thumbs down, he will be stripped of his clothing, painted blue and expelled from the place. Anarchy in New York City. It is only a short time since that anarchy of the Mansfield sort manifested itself in New York City. A negro burglar shot a policeman, just as many a white burglar has shot officers. Commenting edi-torially upon what followed, the Daily Chronicle, the same paper already quoted, says: " Investigation fully proves that the recent colli-sion between whites and blacks in New York City was a police orgy. "The negro who killed the white policeman could not have escaped justice if testimony showed that he deserved punishment. If*  the scales veered either way in such a case the accused was not likely to be the beneficiary. " There was, therefore, not even the pretext of miscarriage of justice to condone the merciless fury 