AlVIERICIAN SENTINEL. 117 The Power of Love vs. the Love of Power. Two MIGHTY kings of great renown Once came to rule a certain town; The one was gentle, kind, and goodŠ A blessing to the neighborhood; The other one, as all allowed, Was stern and cold and harsh and proud. The one came from the realms above,Š This was his name: "The Power of Love." And, strange, indeed, the other's name Sounded, I'm thinking, much the same. I heard him lauded every hour, And people call him: "Love of Power." Now, "Love of Power" grew rich and great, He dwelt in ease, he dined in state, While men of high and low degree, In hateful bondage bent the knee. This mighty ruler ever trod With shameless face, the house of God. And though the church in days gone by Had counsel from her Lord Most High, To swear allegiance and to own The blessed "Power of Love" alone, She 'gan to thirst, in evil hour, For man's worst foe, "The Love of Power." Then Persecution ruled the land, And murder raised her bloody hand; While Inquisition's tortures then, And rack, and stake, and gloomy pen, Cut short the lives of holy men. The church and world walked side by side, In greed, extravagance, and pride; And e'en the church outvied the world, Whose godless banners were unfurled, In catering to the "Love of Power," Who day by day and hour by hour Grew stronger still as if to prove The weakness of the "Power of Love." One day a Man of humble mien Upon these busy streets was seen; His look was calm, his form was grace, A god-like peace shone in his face. I asked his name, with bated breath, They answered, "Christ of Nazarethl" He healed the sick, he raised the dead, At his approach diseases fled; The sick and suffering, poor and lame, Not vainly to the Healer came. At once the "Love of Power" did plan The downfall of the sinless Man. And next I saw him hanging highŠ A spectacle 'tween earth and skyŠ And heard ten thousand voices ring:Š "0 Church of God, behold thy King! Thy 'Love of Power' hath caused his deathŠ Bath slain the Man of Nazareth!" MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. DISTANCE lends a vast amount of enchantment to the view of the blessings of imperialism. Separation of Religion from the State Taught by Christ. By B. W. Noel, M. A., Clergyman of the Church, of England. AN important passage in which the complete separa-tion of the spiritual administration of the churches from the secular administration of the government is enjoined by our Lord is the following: "Then went the Pharisees and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk. And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man, for thou regardest not the persons of men. Tell us, therefore, what thinkest thou? Is itlawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypo-crites? Show me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he saith unto them, Render, therefore, unto Cesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22:15-21. Pompey having about 120 years before this time subjugated Judea to the Romans, it became a Roman province. In these circumstances, the Pharisees main-tained that it was unlawful to pay tribute to the em-peror because God had declared that they must not choose a foreigner to be their king; they were the special people of God, and he alone was their king. When for-merly the king of Syria had brought them under this yoke, their fathers had, with the blessing of God, thrown the yoke off. Frequently, too, under judges raised up and inspired by God, they had vindicated their liberties against the tyranny of the surrounding nations: God had enabled them to burst from their servitude in Egypt; and Hezekiah, with his almighty aid, had successfully rebelled against the king of Assyria. Under instructions like these the people became very impatient of the trib-ute imposed upon them, and nearly the whole nation was ready to revolt. The Herodians, that is, the adherents of Herod, maintained on the contrary, that it was lawful to pay tribute, their patron being supported by the Romans. These two parties were much opposed to one another; but a common hatred having now united them against Jesus, some of each party came together to him pre-tending to be religious persons (Luke 20:20), who had the highest respect for his wisdom and probity, to ask him to determine for them this much agitated question, whether they ought to pay or not (v. 22, and Mark 12: 14, 15) the tribute or poll-tax, which was payable by every person whose name was taken in the census. If he declared the payment to be lawful, they would make him odious to the people, who detested it; if he declared it to be unlawful, they would charge him with seditionŠas they afterward did. And this was their chief design. Jesus asked to see the coin in which the poll-tax was paid; upon which they brought to him the Roman penny, which bore upon it the head of the emperor with this in- 