APRIL 4, 1895. AJOINE;TEtlIAQ AN- INT 109 . — . . under penalty of fines or imprisonment, par-take of it. How would it look to see the ag-nostic, the infidel, the deist, the atheist, the Mohammedan, the Christian, and the Jew, gathered around these sacred symbols, em-bleinatic of the flesh and blood of the divine Son. of God ? What could be more blas-phemous ? It would vastly outdo for wicked-ness that noted carousal within the walls of Babylon, when the bloodless hand traced the nation's doom on the wall. Dreadful as this picture is, it is but a sample of those produced by laws concerning religion. No service but that of faith is acceptable to God, and no government can legislate faith into a man's heart, With these thoughts and principles befOre us, we wish to apply them to Sunday legislation. Sunday a Religious Institutibn. `Sunday observance is an institution of the church, and,  is, therefore, a religious institu-tion. Sabbath rest is a duty we owe to God, and for this reason is beyond the :purview of earthly governments.; and legislation upon this subject will, like that of baptism and the Lord's slipper, be religious legislation fob dewed by like consequences. This government has an ordinance which demands the compulsory observance of Sun-day. This ordinance is among the most strin- gent on record. It is entitled, " An Act Repealing the Ordinance of 1837, and to make other provision for the better observance of the Lord's day," and declares that, " any person who shall sell, or offer for sale, any goods; merchandise, cattle or other live stock, - or shall trade, or deal, or keep open any shop, store, or other place for the purpose of trade or dealing, or shall cut or carry any fuel, or trap engage in any field labor except as afore--said— or shall discharge any gun or other fire-arm .except as aforesaid, on,  the Lord's day, shall for each offense incur and be liable to a fine not exceeding three pounds nor less than five shillings, or to imprisonment during any period not exceeding fourteen days. And it shall be lawful for any constable or police officer to seize any such goods, merchandise, cattle or other' ive stock, or any fuel or fire-arm as aforesaid, and the same shall, on the conviction of the offender, be and become for-feited. to her majesty." The framers of this ordinance. admit Sunday to be a religious institution by. calling it the Lord's day. Allow me to inquire what differ-ence there is between legislating on the Lord's baptism, or the Lord's supper, and the Lord's day ? The principle is the same, therefore the results must be. If it is the Lord's day, has any government the ,right to,. meddle with the Lord's things ? The Lord's day belongs to the government of heaven, and, earthly governments have no more right to interfere with the things of the heavenly government than England has to meddle with the affairs which pertain to the German Empire. In fact, they have not so much right., for. there are international laws, but the kingdom. of. God is not of this earth. The Saviour says, " My kingdom is not of thin,  world." But we would like to further inquire if it has been settled,  beyond mistake that Sunday is the Lord's day ? The settling of this ques-tion is agitating the world. Some good peo-,  ple--  believe that they are not commanded to keep any day, while the ŁSeventh-day Advent-ist, the Seventh-day Baptist, and the Jew believe that the Seventh day, Or Saturday, is divinely ordained,of God, and should be kept holy: Still another, the 'Mohammedan has Friday for his sacred day. Has it been dem-'onstyatedŁbyŁlegislation. to the entire satisfac-tiOn of all.: these ;that they are wrong? Or  does the government propose to enforce the will of the majority ? Suppose that the Hebrews, by force of at-tainable numbers, should make a law compel-ling all to keep the seventh day. Would the communicants of the English Church, the Dutch Reformed, the Wesleyan, and others, consider it just to" be forced to keep another day ? Or should the atheist gain the power, and silence by law,, the church bells which disturb his secular ear, would all cease to wor-ship ? Either of these laws would be unjust, but no more so than a law forcing the observ-ance of Sunday on those who believe in no Sabbath, or who keep another day. The 'State Assumes the Prerogative Of Bib-lical Interpreter. Again, the government has, in this enact-ment, assumed the prerogative of interpreting the Bible (a prerogative that Deity never committed to any person or body of men to exercise for another). That all may see that this is a fact, I will quote the fourth precept of the Decalogue. It reads thus: "Remem-ber the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex.- 20: 8-11. Now all can see at once that God's law says that the seventh day is the Sabbath. But this ordinance declares that the first day of the week is the Lord's day, and thus interprets the seventh day to mean the first day. Without stopping to argue as to which day is the Sabbath, it is plain from the reading 'of the code of heaven, which was handed down amid the thunders of Sinai, that the seventh day ,is the day ap-pointed by the Lord as his Sabbath, .and we deny that governments have any delegated right to interpret the law of God. In reli-gious things every man has a rightŠyea, it is his dutyŠto think for himself, and he does not need to consult any legislative body on this earth to find out what to believe. In this thing the government has stepped out of its proper sphere and adopted the principles which resulted in the persecution of the Dark Ages. God has established civil government, and in its sphere it is a sovereign power; but when it steps over into the realm of religious things, where it has no rightful jurisdiction, and assumes to interpret God's Word, the true Christian is bound to differ and follow God's Word as it reads, and if this brings him in conflict-  with the laws, peaceably submit, for the same Word which exhorts him to obey the " powers that be," says, "We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5:29. Class Legislation. There is another point of injustice in this ordinance to which we wish to call attention. It discriminates between citizens, and is, therefore, class legislation; for it demands from him who observes another day, one-sev-enth of his time, or fifty-two days of each year, because of his religious convictions. To follow his convictions and the plain reading of the Bible, he must rest on the seventh day, or Saturday. This the government does not deny that he has the right to do; but having kept the Sabbath " according to the com-mandment," and ceased from all work for one day in the week, is it just for the government to say, to him, "You must refrain from work another day also" ? The law in this demands from him one-seventh of his time because of his religious belief. Has he not the right, together with Christians of every' denomina-tion, to worship God according to his own conscience, without being taxed to the extent of nearly two months of his time each year because of his religious convictions ? The Bible grants him the right to work six days each week, as well as commands,him to rest on the seventh day. This right the law for-bids him to exercise. This is a piece of the same intolerance which leads Russia to seize the conscience of man by the throat and banish her subjects to the eternal snows of Siberia. The difference is in degree, not kind. It may be urged that his working on Sunday would interfere with the worship of those who keep the day. This is a mistake. Honest toil never disturbs anybody's worship, no matter when performed. It may ruffle religious prejudices, but that is all. Seventh-day Christians worship on every seventh day in all their churches, not only in this colony but throughout the world, and their worship is not disturbed in the least by the labor of the masses, though their day of worship is the busiest day of the week. Then we ask, will it disturb the masses for a few observers of the seventh day to work while others wor-ship ? Observers of the seventh day have as good a right to demand a law forbidding the mantes to work while they worship, as have the masses to demand a law compelling the Sabbatarians to rest while they worship. For the true principle of civil government regards the rights of the smallest minority as sacredly as the rights of the majority. To further show that labor does not disturb anybody's worship on Sunday, it is only necessary to mention that those who are the most enthu-siastic in demanding Sunday laws can worship on any other day in the week with all the rattle, din, and bustle of business, without being in the least disturbed. We have yet to hear of one whose worship was ever disturbed by labor performed on any other day than Sunday. Then why are they disturbed en Sunday if a few who hate kept the seventh day chance to work ? What makes the'r work objectionable ? The conclusion is inev-itable, that it is because religious prejudices in favor of the day are disregarded. And it was this prejudice which produced the first law ever made by civil government concerning religion, and all that Sunday laws do. is to foster this prejudice. The Vital Principle Involved. But there is a much deeper and broader principle connected with this matter than sim-ply the loss Of one-:seventh of his time. Were this all, he might quietly and uncomplainingly yield to the unjust demand. But there is a principle involved which the conscientious observer of the seventh day cannot disregard. Sunday Sabbatizing is an institution of the Catholic Church. It was this power that changed the day. She boasts of it and chal-lenges the Protestant world to disprove, the fact. Again and again has this been done in different parts of the world, and no man has yet arisen to prove her challenge false. Nor will they, for it is the truth. Then to keep the. day is to recognize her authority rather than God's. This, true Protestants never can do. They would sin against their conscience, which God has made eternally sacred.. Is not, then, that law unjust which asks any man to be untrue to what he understands God . re-quires ? Is it. not papal in its conception ? Most certainly. The government has no more right to ask an individual to keep Sunday than to observe any other of the holy days of the Catholic Church, to say mass, attend vespers, or recognize any other of her ceremonies. 