Equal and axact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or cer6ua8ion, leligious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, AUGUST 18, 1892. NUMBER 32. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bores ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P.. BOLLMAN, W. H. MoKRE. THOSE who have sought that the Con-gress of the United States should legislate in favor of religion have been successful. It was certain that they would succeed, sooner or later. Just how and when this would be accomplished could not have been foretold. Success has come to them even more quickly than they themselves thought. The character of these men and their movements can be well judged by the way they bear themselves in success. THOSE who have sought this action from Congress have almost been taken unawares by results favorable to them on all quarters. The decision of United States Judge Hammond, in the case of R. M. King, of Tennessee; the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, in the case of the Church of the Holy Trinity vs. the United States, that this is a " Chris-tian Nation ;" the favorable expression of the Senate and House upon every bill touching the observance of Sunday brought before them during their last session; and finally, the passage of the Sunday-closing proviso to the World's Fair appropriation, all mark an unbroken and steadily pro-gressing line of decisions, and legislation favorable to national religionŠreligion by law and by decree of the court. Š0Š THIS is what they sought. They have gained their dearest wish. Success has run to meet them in the way. Who are they that have sought this? They are the theologians; the doctors of divinity; the pastors, and preachers, and elders, and deacons of the churches; the membership at large of almostŁall the so-called orthodox  denominations; the influential feminine element of the country in the Woman's Christian Temperance Union; the tens of thousands of the youth of the Christian Endeavor Society ; and many other or-ganizations for religious purposes; these are they who have sought this. Those whose profession it is that they walk in the footsteps of the meek and lowly Jesus; those who are supposed to be the highest human exponents of the Christian graces. We shall know what to look for, then, as the result of their labors. By their fruits we shall know them. The branches of the true vine will bear the fruits of the Spirit. Š0--- THESE fruits are love to all men, long-suffering and tender kindness, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance, freedom from envy and vainglory, pro-voking no man, fulfilling the law in lov-ing their neighbors as themselves, bearing their neighbor's burdens, and where their neighbor is taken in a fault restoring him in a spirit of meekness. Ł Here, then, we can look .tor the noblest earthly growth of these heavenly fruits in the results of the earnest labors of these zealous pastors and masters, and their apt pupils. In this, the moment of their suc-cess, the gentle and Christ-like character of these, who have told us that their sole earthly enthusiasm is to enthrone Christ upon the earth, will be made manifest. Their success will fill them with the blessed joy of the larger opportunity to, do good unto all men, and more particu-larly to spread abilikad the blessing of their increased power unto good works among those that are of the household of faith. Š0Š ROBERT M. KING, an earnest, simple-hearted, God-fearing man, was brought before the justice court of his township in the State of Tennessee, touching a matter concerning the law of his God. No fault was found in him, but as concerning the law of his God he was held and fined. Again he was brought before the Circuit  Court as regards the same matter, fined and imprisoned; his case appealed, the Su-preme Court of the State sustained the con-viction; carried to the United States Court, a reversal is denied, and the prisoner re-manded. Remanded ? On what charge ?ŠA question touching the law of his God. Other arrests on similar charges are de-layed, awaiting the passage of this case through the courts. The decision against the prisoner is hailed as authoritative prec-edent for further arrests. They are made. Four Christian men are imprisoned, and when they refuse to pay pecuniary fines, and have no property for the sheriff to sell, they are put to labor upon the public road with common criminals, in a gang driven by an armed overseer. In the meantime, by a dictum outside the line of decision necessitated by the conditions of the case at bar, Justice Brewer, of the United States Supreme Court, had shown that it would be futile to carry their cases to the Supreme Court of the land. And he showed this by deciding that this is a " Christian Nation." Is there any contra-diction here, or is there not? Here is a result of the success gained in Congress and courts by those who seek legislation and legal decisions in favor of religion. Are these the fruits of the Spirit ? Can we know them by such fruits as these. In commenting upon these particular cases the Churchman, of New York, says; The Tennessee Sunday law being what it is, the Sunday earnings of seventh-day Tennesseeans would seem to be liable to confiscation in the shape of fines, and the judge gave good advice, when he said, in this particular, " Let them educate their consciences by the laws of Tennessee." This is the Christian advice and broth-erly counsel of the Churchman, and that of the Christian Statesman is like unto itŠ when it suggests that such persons be " urged to move for their own emancipa- tion ;" and elsewhere says:Š In most of the States such private work by those whe observe another day, is not punishable, but so long as it is forbidden by law, the judge rightly in-sists that it must not be done.ŠA " Tennessee Sab-bath Union " has been organized at Knoxville in that State. 