ŁŁIF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE NM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 34. NEW YORK, AUGUST 27, 1896. Price, Three Cents.   American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE MSS PUBLISHING CONNINY, 39' BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY EDITOR,  C. P. BOLLMAN. - L. A. SMITH.  ASST. EDITOR, CHRISTIANITY AND THE SWORD. CHRISTIANITY is "the pow'er of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1 : 16. The salvation which Christianity brings is salvation from sin. The belief which Christianity enjoins is belief of the word of God. The power of sin is the strongest power with which a human being has to contend; and this power is broken and overcome by faith. The fight which the Christian wages is the "good fight of faith." Christianity has no use for the sword. But there is a power which properly bears the sword, and that is the civil power. This power is ordained of God, but for a purpose altogether distinct from that served by Chris-tianity. The civil power is not ordained to save men from sin, but to maintain a degree of order, peace, and justice between man and man, in the earth, necessary to the realization of the ends of earthly existence. It is in the interest of these things that civil govern-ment, as ordained of God, exists. It is to promote these that it bears the sword. The sword of conquest serves a different purpose. The civil power was not ordained to bear this sword. It was not ordained to war. While, therefore, Christianity is a power altogether distinct from the civil power, hav-ing no use for its weapons, and operating in a different sphere, it is not against that power. The two powers, operating without auy perversion of their appointed means, work in harmony. Both aim to promote peace on earthŠthe one by the power of God operating in the heart, eliminating therefrom all desire for strife, and the other by the power or-dained of God to hold in check those from whose hearts the power of God unto salvation is shut out. The fact that the civil power bears the sword and not the olive branch, makes its work not the less in the interests of peace.  That power must needs come in conflict with certain ones, not because it seeks for strife, but because there are some who will not maintain peace with it. It is the latter who break the peace and not the civil power. The charge is often brought against Chris-tianity, that it is a promoter of strife; and in a sense this is true, for Jesus Christ him-self said, "Think not that I am come to send peace on earth; I am not come to send peace, but a sword." Matt. 10: 34. This does not mean, however, that a Christian will ever pick a quarrel with any one, or in any way seek to stir up contention. The work of Christianity is to reconcile man to God. Man is at enmity with God; this is the condition of all men naturally. There is warŠwar against God's government and law. Christianity seeks to bring peace in the place of that war; and if peace does not come as a result of its influ-ence, it is because the carnal heart persists in its warfare. There was peace in all the uni-verse until the law of God was violated. The work of Christianity is, to restore again that peace, by bringing God's creatures into har-mony with his law. The work to which the civil power is or-dained of God, is defined by theŁApostle Paul in the thirteenth chapter of Romans. We are there told that " rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil; " and we are counseled, "Do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same: for he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is evil, be afraid, for he beareth not the sword in vain; for he is the minister of God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil." It is a fact that civil rulers sometimes attempt to be a terror to good works, and to execute wrath upon those that do good, but such instances result not from the exercise of the power which God ordained, but from its perversion. It is likewise a perversion of that power to use Ł it for the purpose of foreign conquest, or to stir up strife between nation and nation. In the ordinance of God, the civil power bears the sword only against evil-doers. Only in that capacity can it be the minister of God, as described in the chapter from which we have quoted. The accepted theories upon which civil governments are conducted, and their rights asserted, have of course no force to the Chris-tian in the face of that which Gad commands.  He believes in civil government as opposed to anarchy, and he will support it in that work to which God ordained it, namely, the pres-ervation of natural rights. It is for this cause that he pays tribute; that payment is, a recognition of the right of civil government to exist. But he cannot admit the right of the civil power to impose upon him require-ments which conflict with those of Christian-ity. He cannot surrender his soul into the keeping of that power. He remembers that in matters involving moral actions, he must give account to God; and the civil power will constitute no shield for him in that ac-counting. From his own conscience, instructed by the word of God, the Christian must decide for himself wherein he cannot accept the require-ments of the civil power, as being opposed to the requirements of God. Seventh-day Chris-tians, for example, have decided that they cannot consistently do as the civil power re-quires in the observance of Sunday. In this, however, they do not take the side of anarchy, in opposition to civil government as such, but the side of civil government as opposed to a perversion of the same. And as the perver-sion of any power naturally tends to its de-struction, opposition to such perversion con-stitutes real support to civil government, as truly as does the paying of tribute. Other Christians have decided that they cannot, at the behest of the civil power, take the lives of their fellow-mortals in martial combat; and it is not for anyone to class them with anarchists, or opposers of civil govern-ment, on this account. In the face of that divine command which says, "Thou shalt not kill," a conscientious opposition to the taking of human life is certainly entitled to respect. Whether the civil power can rightfully exer-cise the function of its office to the extent of taking human life, is a question concerning which secular authorities are at issue among themselves. It is not for the civil power to attempt to direct any man's conscience. The guide of conscience is the Word of God; and it remains for the Christian to instruct his conscience by that word, seeking for that divine assistance which is promised him therein; then to do as his conscience may dictate, and abide the consequences. The only sword which can further the purposes of Christianity, is the " sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God." s. 