AMERICAN SENTINEL. 407 'seen two hundred acres of houses burned. I have put -the match myself to houses while old women knelt at my feet' sobbing and begging me to spare their shack of palm leaves. I have ordered the destruction of acres of vegetables and fruit trees, which meant months of labor and the only means of living to the poor fellow who was on his knees to me." The following are extracts from Dr. Brown's dis-course:Š "We read, also, that this people, who, in their des-peration have fought for liberty for a hundred years against Spanish domination, are still struggling for the privileges of self government in a way that touches our American hearts. The very women among the Filipinos have been enlisting; and when their troops were driven back from the trenches, among the bodies of the dead our men found the bodies of women clothed in men's garments and with hair cropped close. They, too, had shouldered their muskets that they might stand beside their husbands and brothers in their pathetic contest for the privilege of governing the soil where they lived. It may be that these ignorant people are misguided and that their estimate of our final purpose is not correct, but the desperation of their struggle against the idea of taxation without representation must touch the hearts of all those who hive not forgotten our own war of revolution. Do we want to compel this unwilling people to accept our rule? Do we want to kill, burn, and devas-tate in order to defeat them in their desperate attempt to gain their freedom from any foreign domination?" "We are told that Spain oppressed these people; but even cruel, ignorant, incompetent Spain has never burned a mile square of their homes in a single day. The death of thirty thousand of our men, on the princi-ple that one American soldier is equal to five savage Filipinos, would mean the death of one hundred and fifty thousand of these uncivilized natives. If we should write that bloody record within the next two years it would eclipse the annals of any cruelty that can be charged for a similar period against Spain! Further on, this brave preacher says:Š "It is no excuse for our slaughter of the Filipinos for us to plead their alleged incompetency to manage their own affairs. In 1861 a certain great nation had a deadly dispute with itself. The North and the South were arguing out with the awful weapons of war that political principle which we call 'States' rights.' The lives of almost a million men were sacrificed and thirty-seven hundred millions of dollars were expended in de-termining which view of that principle should obtain. We would not have thanked any nation on earth to have said to us in those days: 'Those American people are not capable of self-government. They are killing each other; their country is torn by rebellion; therefore, we must come in by our superior force, set up our gov-ernment, and manage their affairs for them.' Let. the Filipinos learn to govern themselves precisely as we learned to govern ourselves, and let us not soil our hands by killing them because they claim in desperation this solemn privilege. I remember it is urged that their leader, Aguinaldo, has once been bribed. Perhaps he was, and, if so, it was a grievous fault and grievously has Aguinaldo answered it. But here, at home, we do  not kill men nor burn their towns because they have been bribed.-  If such were our settled policy, what awful conflagrations and what dreadful slaughter might have marked some of our State capitals. "We announced at the beginning that this was a war for humanity and not for conquest; it was to deliver men from oppression but not to shoot them down or to compel them against their wills to submit to our rule. To me there is something more splendid than any con-quest that we might win, and that is for a nation to keep its word." A British Journal on National Religion. "Bible Echo," Melbourne, Aus. A QUEENSLAND correspondent sends a clipping from the. Brisbane Courier, giving an account of a deputation from the council of the churches which waited on the home secretary to protest against closing public schools on race days, and the running of trains and steamboats on Sunday. One speaker claimed that "we were a part of the British nation, and the British constitution was based upon the laws of the Sacred Book." If this is so, how is it that the British law requires men to observe the first day of the week, while the law of the Sacred Book demands that the seventh day be observed? The simple truth is that the fourth commandment bears no relation whatever to the British law. One is of God, and the other is of men. Another speaker said:Š "We are a Christian country. The basis of our stat-utory law is the Word of God, and it is obviously wrong that the law which guards our Sabbath should be in-fringed." But God does not recognize Christian nations: Christianity is a personal thing. God calls individuals only. The message is, "He that believeth." Now the law that would attempt to make a man offer service to God when he does not believe, is a wicked thing, "for whatsoever is not of faith is sin." It seems strange to hear religious people talking about our Sabbath. The only Sabbath that God knows about is "the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and that is the seventh day of the week. He alone has a right to claim its observanee from man. This he does from the individual and not from the nation. The laws that men are so anxious to have passed or put into operation for defense of Sunday observance cannot in any way meet the mind of God. First, Sunday is not the Sabbath at all. Second, com-pelling a man to observe the Sabbath is only compelling him to sin before God, for "whatsoever is not of faith is sin." And to compel a man to offer an act of worship to God is simply making him act the hypocrite, both in the sight of God and humanity. It is stated that the people of both Cuba and Porto Rico show a remarkable readiness to accept the gospel. 