204 THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ ence, in all things temporal and spiritual, to an Italian pontiff, who lives in Rome and issues his orders from a palace called Vatican. Leo XIII. sits in the Vatican at Rome and commands his army of priests and prelates in America and Ire-land with as much absolute authority as any Ciesar ever commanded his loyal legions in their subjugation of the nations of the earth. Lafay-ette saw but a few straggling outposts; we see the mighty army in solid column, with banners flying, marching with firm step and steady eye, conquer-ing and to conquer. But someone may say that they are the conservators and guardians of law and order, rather than a danger to the peace and safety of the liberties of the people. But is not this a comparative rather than a positive blessing? Is it not fair to ask why it is that the great ma-jority of the dangerous classes are subject to the control of the Roman Church? Is it not because they are her own children, the products of her system, if not of her teaching? Examine the po-lice record of this or any other great American city, and I think you will find that at least seventy-five per cent. of the criminals are of Roman Catholic parentage. Is it, then, unrea-sonable to expect from the Roman Church some restraining influence over her own followers? If, then, the non-Roman churches exercise little control over the dangerous classes, is it not be-cause, for the most part, these classes have been born and brought up beyond the influence of their teaching? I have no reason to doubt that the great major-ity of Roman Catholic priests in America mean to be, and believe themselves to be, good citizens of this republic. But they belong to a system in which free agency is impossible. They are mem-bers of an army in which the strictest discipline is enforced, and the most prompt and perfect obedience is required. The commander-in-chief of this Roman army is naturally and most fittingly a Roman, not an American. What does the Pope of Rome care for the blessings of American liberty or American citizenship? The ambition of the Pope, whoever he may be, is, always has been, and ever must be, universal conquest. In taking command of the Roman Church he takes this oath. The Vatican claims absolute and su-preme authority in all things temporal as well as spiritual; and every priest, bishop, archbishop, and cardinal throughout the world takes an oath of perfect submission and obedience to the Pope as the supreme lord and master of all things. This being trueŠand let any priest or bishop affirm that it is notŠis it not quite certain that the priest, whatever his private or per-sonal opinions and feelings may be as an Ameri-can citizen, must support the churchŠthe Ultra-montane systemŠas against the State, at all times and under all circumstances? Witness the case of the distinguished priest, the late pastor of St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Church, New York. He was not permitted even the small privilege, as an American citizen, of being present at a po-litical meeting of which his superiors did not ap-prove. Do we not see, then, that the personal in-tentions and feelings of the Roman priest, how-ever good, count for nothing when we are consid-ering the attitude of the Roman Church toward the State? The American Constitution says that all men shall be free to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. The Vatican says that liberty of conscience is " a pest of all others to be most dreaded in a State." It is  hardly necessary, I imagine, for me to enlarge upon this point, as all who know anything about the Roman Church know perfectly well that "heresy," according to that church, is the greatest of all crimes, greater than murder or adultery. Free speech and a free press are also among the fundamental principles of the American republic, but nothing is more offensive to Rome. Where she has the power of control she has never toler-ated, and she never will tolerate, either free speech or a free press. The late cardinal archbishop of New York said :Š " Catholics in this republic are as strongly devoted to the sustenance and maintenance of the temporal power of the Holy Father as Catholics in any other part of the world; and if it should be necessary to prove it by acts, they are ready to do so." This, to a Frenchman, is pretty plain English. And these bishops speak as men having authority. Is one, then, to be laughed at as an alarmist for sounding out a note of warning, when bishops and cardinals representing a vast army of millions of communicants, speak out against the Constitu-tion of the republic in such threatening words? The Roman Catholic vote has already become so important an element in politics as to decide the fate of parties. Every Roman Catholic is in duty bound to enter politics as a Roman Catho-lic, not as an American citizen. The press of this country understands perfectly well that if it would have the support of the Roman Catholics it must say nothing in criticism, but everything in praise, of the Roman Church, so that even now there is a practical restraint, if not a positive check, upon the freedom of the press. The Roman Church claims, in fact, to be a theocracy, and, true to this idea, she enforces, when she can, obedience to her authority in all things, social, political, and economic, as well as in things religious, so-called. Has she not, within the past few weeks, asserted this political power in Ireland in the most positive and high-handed manner? Can there be any question as to the meaning of the Vatican Rescript, coming as it does in the midst of a fierce struggle of an oppressed people for political liberty ? Papal Tactics. DOCTOR CRAFTS, field secretary of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, seems to understand the tactics of those who in past ages have been en-gaged in work identical with his own. He stigma-tizes as "insignificant," "hair-brained," "woolly headed," "fanatics," "Saturdarians," etc., those who protest against being placed on a roll of heretics, to be punished by the civil power, sim-ply because they will not allow him to dictate to them their religion. It was the same in the six-teenth century, during the reign of Philip H. This king "declared that he would lose a hun-dred thousand lives rather than see any of his dominions severed from the ancient church." "Death to heretics" was his order; and when "many nobles and citizens leagued themselves to demand a retraction of the hated edicts," the imperial council branded the petitioners as a "pack of beggars." Although the council had enough of school-boy puerility, and not too much self-respect, to call names, yet they appeared sat-isfied with a very limited assortment compared with the elaborate list employed by Doctor Crafts. They applied to the humble petitioners for civil and religious liberty only one epithet of oppro-brium, while Mr. Crafts exhausts human lan- guage to such a degree that he is obliged to go into the manufacturing business to supply his demand. But perhaps he can grind out " strate-gems," "duplicate" the names of petitioners, and manufacture new words all at the same time, and with the same machinery. Who knows? A. DELOS WESTCOTT. The King and His Professed Followers. ONE of the battle-cries of the National Re-formers is that Christ shall be king of the Nation. Now no one'can reasonably object to Christ being king of the Nation when he himself chooses to take that position. But there is serious objection to taking him by force to make him king. When he was on earth, and some fanatical persons were going to forcibly make him king, he promptly re-sented the act by eluding their insane design. On another occasion he said, "My kingdom is not of this world;" then, either he has changed his mind or the National Reformers are chasing a phantom. But even if Christ were a candidate for polit-ical honors in this Nation, it is evident that his self-appointed representatives are sadly misrepre-senting him. He laid down as a leading princi-ple, "Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them;" but the re-ligious legislation champions propose to compel men by law to do whatsoever the Reformers would have them. do. Christ taught his followers to love their enemies, but the Reformers propose to " disfranchise " and even banish those who will not eventually fall in with them. Christ has plainly intimated that hypocrites have no place in his kingdom ; but the Reformers count largely for success on those office-seekers who will fall in with them when their movement becomes pop-ular. Then, as to the Sabbath question, over which such an ado is being made, Christ recognized the Sabbath of the commandment, and expressly dis-regarded the "traditions" which the National Reformers of his day had attached to it. If he were on earth to-day he would no doubt do just as he did then, for he is "the same yesterday, to-day and forever." But the Sunday-law clamorers reverse the order by ignoring the Sabbath of the commandment and setting up a traditionary in-stitution, in support of which they ask the State to issue a counter commandment. And all this in face of their claim that the law of God must be the supreme law of the land. Again, the apostle Paul, who had his com-mission direct from Christ, especially enjoins Christians "to be subject unto the powers that be;" but the National Reform party wants the powers that be to be subject to the church,Šwhich, being interpreted, means the church of the Reformers. When Peter would defend his Mas-ter with a sword, the Lord told him to lint up his sword, saying, "they that take the sword 411 perish by the sword." But the National Re-formers, through District Secretary M. A. Gault, declare their intention, if necessary, to use " the sword and the bullet." Christ taught his disciples, by both precept and example, to practice self-denial for the truth's sake. But in advocating Sunday observance, the Reformers propose to help out their Sunday-keeping allies by not allowing them to lose any-thing on account of their faith; therefore, because they want to keep Sunday, everybody else must be made to close business. Says Rev. George S. Mott, D. D.:Š 