186 A.MEIRIELICAlc SIE1N rIPIN101-4 VoL. 11, No. 24. faith, the Armenian princes and bishops con-cluded:Š , From this faith no one can move us,Šneither an-gels nor men; neither sword, nor fire, nor water, nor any deadly punishment. If you leave us our faith, we will accept no other lord in place of you; but we will accept no god in place of Jesus Christ; there is no other god beside him. If, after this great confes-sion, you ask anything more of us, lo, we are before you, and our lives are in your power. From you, torments; from us, submission; your sword, our necks. We are not better than those who have gone before us, who gave up their goods and their lives for this testimony. This noble reply filled the Persian king with rage. His rejoinder was an army of 200,000 men, which invaded Armenia, carrying death and destruction everywhere. A battle was fought at the foot of Mount Ararat, in which the Armenians were defeated; but the obstinate resistance to his will offered by rich and poor, men, women and children, soon convinced the king that he could never make fire worshipers of the descendants of Togarmah. An old historian thus quaintly expresses it: " The swords of the slayers grew dull, but the necks of the Armenians were not weary." The Armenians' Love of Country. After ages of injustice and oppression the spirit of the Armenians is unbroken and their love of liberty is perhaps unsurpassed by any people; while their affection for their country is something touching. One of their poets' has thus expressed this latter sentiment:Š Had a lifetime of ages been granted to me I had given it gladly and freely to thee, 0 my life, my Armenia! Were I offered the love of a maid lily-fair, I would choose thee alone for my joy and my care, My one love, my Armenia! Were I given a crown of rich pearls, I should prize, Far more than their beauty, one tear from thine eyes, 0 my weeping Armenia! If freedom unbounded were proffered to me, I would choose still to share thy sublime slavery, 0 my mother, Armenia! The Armenian's Love of Liberty. As is to be inferred from the last stanza of the foregoing quotation, the Armenians' love of freedom is only second to their love of country, and it may well be doubted if it is not equal to it. Centuries of wrong and op-pression seem only to have intensified in the Armenian bosom the God-given passion for liberty, as is witnessed by the following from another of the poets' of that oppressed land :Š When first my faltering tongue was freed, And when my parents' hearts were stirred With thrilling joy, to hear their son Pronounce his first clear-spoken word, " Papa, Mamma," as children use, Were not the names first said by me; The fist word on my childish lips Was thy great name, 0 Liberty! " Liberty!" answered from on high The sovereign voice of Destiny : " Wilt thou enroll thyself henceforth A soldier true of Liberty? The path is thorny all the way, And many trials wait for thee; Too strait and narrow is this world For him who loveth Liberty." " Freedom 1 " I answered, " on my head Let fire descend and thunder burst; Let foes against my life conspire, Let all who hate thee do their worst: I will be true to thee till death; Yea, even upon the gallows tree The last breath of a death of shame Shall shout thy name, 0 Liberty!" Political Insurrection and Religious Hate. This intestine strife in Armenia in which 50,000 men, women and children lost their lives, was not primarily religious but political.  Political insurrection gave opportunity, how-ever, for religious hate to manifest itself, and thousands of non-combatants fell victims to the fanatical hate of Moslem soldiers. The Independent, of March 19, published a list of twenty-one preachers and pastors who laid down their lives directly for their faith, during November and December, 1895. " Each one of them," says the Independent, " was offered his life if Ile would renounce Christ and accept Islam; but they counted not their lives dear unto them." Of these twenty-one martyrs, the Indepen-dent says: " They were the best men, the most highly educated men among their peo-ple, their natural leaders. Every one was put to death for refusing to become a Moham- medan. In every case the offer of life on these terms was made; in several cases time was allowed for consideration of the pro-posal; and in each case faith in Jesus Christ was the sole crime charged against the victim." Not only are the names of these men given, but the names of the places where they suf-fered death and the dates are also given. "Christians" Persecuting Christians. Bat the saddest feature of religious perse-cution in Armenia and among Armenians in other parts of Turkey, is that " Christians " have in many instances persecuted Christians. The bulk of the Armenian people belong to the Armenian Church, which is almost iden-tical in faith with the Greek or Russian Church. The head of the church is called " Patriarch" or " Catholicos," and the Ar-menian Church never accepted the decision of the Council of Chalcedon. Of course the breach between the Armenian Church and the Roman Church is much wider than between the Greek and the Armenian Churches, and much of the persecution of the Armenians has been at the instigation of Roman Catholics. Our illustration, which we are permitted to use by the courtesy of the Missionary Herald, shows the scene of the severe persecution of this character which took place in 1892. Rev. Lyman Bartlett, of Smyrna, in an article in the Missionary Herald, for May, says of Afion Kara Hissar:Š During the summer of 1892 I visited this place with my daughter at a time when the persecution was at its height, and during our stay of three weeks the house we occupied, which was the home of the preacher, was stoned every night but one. The front windows, being protected by wire netting, were unin-jured; but the back rooms, whose windows were ex-posed, could not be used for a time, and the windows were taken out to save them from destruction. The brethren were almost daily stoned by the boys in the streets, and one Sunday during our stay a crowd gathered about the door, railing at those who dared to enter, and stoning the door after we had assembled for worship, till finally we were obliged to call on the Turkish police to protect us from the violence of the mob. For a long time most active measures were employed to prevent people coming to the worship, both slander and threats being freely used, and the preacher was most shamefully maligned. At one time a document was presented to the gov-ernor accusing him of having, in a public place, shamefully slandered the Virgin Mary, and this docu-ment was emphasized by 200 signatures, mostly Ar-menians. The governor informed me of this foul ac-cusation, but declared that he should not submit it to the court, as it could be nothing but slander. Yet, after we had gone, it was served in due form, and the good man was summoned before the Turkish court for trial. He had no one to plead his cause, and his accusers were many, but being allowed to speak in Archbishop Khorine Nar Bey De Lusignan, a descendant of the last dynasty of Armenian kings. He was an eloquent preacher and a distinguished poet. He died at Constantino-ple in 1892, poisoned, it was commonly believed, by emissaries of the Turkish Government for political reasons. 4  Michael Ghazarian Nalband Ian, born in Russian Armenia in 1830; died in 1866 of lung disease, contracted while confined in a Russian prison as a political suspect. He was a graduate of the University of St. Petersburg. His writings and picture are alike forbidden in Russia, but both are secretly circulated.  his own defense, he easily convinced the court and all who heard him, of his entire innocence and of the perfidy of his accusers. The case was dropped with-out further trial. In this affair he rejoiced in the ful-fillment of our Lord's promise: " It shall be given you in that hour, what ye ought to speak." Persecution by Mohammedans. The Missionary Herald, for June, has also the following paragraph, which is of interest in this connection :Š In the town of Severek, in Central Turkey, there were recently three of the original members of the Protestant community formed forty years ago. Two of these became martyrs, one while praying on his housetop. The third denied his faith in order to save his life. It is said that every minister and priest in the place sealed his faith with his blood, excepting one Catholic priest, who saved his life by flight. Miss Grace E. Kimball, M. D., writing to the Missionary Herald, under date of March 1, says:Š The villagers from the districts of Khizan, Norduz, and Moks show the most distress. In Khizan, a dis-trict partly in the Bitlis, partly in the Van vilayet, there is a large Koordish populationŠfanatical Mos-lems, headed by a sheikh, the son of the famous Sheikh Jeladin. Last fall the sheikh instituted a reg-ular campaign against the Christian population, with a view to rooting out that religion from his borders. This outburst of fanaticism was avowedly brought to a climax by the visit of a British vice-consul to the region. All the Armenians who entertained him, or in any way had to do with him, were either killed or barely escaped by flight and hiding. As a result of this crusade of last fall, practically the whole Chris-tian population has nominally accepted Islam, the churches are turned into mosques, and even the grave-stones, bearing the sign of the cross, have been pulled down and defiled by serving as lavatories for the Koords. Very manyŠit is impossible to know how manyŠwere killed out of special spite, and as an ar-gument to facilitate the " conversion " of the rest. The priests in particular were victims either of slaugh-ter or of forcible conversion. Many other details might be given, but enough has been said. The fact is established that to the horrors of war have been added in the last decade of the nineteenth century the additional horrors of religious persecution; and that thousands have been slaughtered, not alone because they were " rebels," but because they bore the hated name of " Chris-tian." How many of them were such indeed, only the Judge of all the earth knows, and he alone will make it manifest in his own good time. Ł 4- METHODISTS AND THE "CHRISTIAN AMEND- MENT." A COMMITTEE of the Methodist Episcopal General Conference have been wrestling with the question of giving the indorsement of the M. E. Church to the proposed " Christian amendment" to the National Constitution; but, according to the Christian Statesman, of May 23, the latest news from the conference regarding the matter was " a good deal of a disappointment." It seems that the cause of the amendment has not had very smooth sail-ing within the sphere of action of this highest of Methodist representative bodies, but its friends console themselvesŠnot without rea-son, we fear--with the hope of better success at an early day. The Statesman, records that when the mat-ter of indorsing the amendment came up for consideration, one "member of the confer-ence attributed the origin and pushing of the amendment to the Christian Endeavor socie-ties as one of their idiotic movements.' A delegate from the Wilmington, Del., Confer-ence, proposed as a substitute, an amendment containing simply an acknowledgment of God, declaring that the Christian amendment would establish a theocracy in America and unite Church and State. The entire matter 