304 AM1IL1,11CAN VoL. 9. No. 38. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 27, 1894. irM-.  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. IF the gentleman writing to us from South Monterey, Mich., under date of September 4, about the Capps case, will send us his name, instead of simply his initials, we will reply to his letter. IT is stated that the pope would like to interfere in the Corean difficulty, but can-not see his way clear to do so without offend-ing one or other of the great powers. Leo XIII. certainly has a wonderful itching to arbitrate something. THE facts stated under " Significant Paragraphs," in regard to Dr. Burtsell's commission to collect statistics, are di-rectly in line with the statement made in these columns some weeks since to the effect that the papacy is scheming to in-sinuate itself into the labor question in such a way as to become the arbitrator, not only of disputes between labor and capital, but between labor and the civil authorities. The pope's interest in the United States is not disinterested benevo-lence by any means. Rome means to dominate the United States, and she sees in the unrest of the masses an opportunity to make it appear that she is quite neces-sary to the stability of the Republic. WE begin this week the publication of several articles on papal infallibility. We ask for them a careful reading. Of course infallibility does not attach to the pope in any way, except in the minds of his vo-taries. It is altogether a vanishing quan-tity. It is claimed that it inheres only in a certain prerogative of the office of pope, namely, in ex cathedra utterances; and to this term the Vatican council of 1870 af-fixed such a definition that almost any utterance, on almost any subject, may be held to be ex cathedra or not ex cathedra, at the sweet will of the pope himself, or of those who are affected by the utterance. This is of course to leave a loophole by which to escape from the many glaring, errors, to say nothing of the downright wickedness of many of the popes of Rome. That which part of the church accepts as ex cathedra may be denied by another part; or that which one pope has spoken " from the chair of St. Peter," as he sup-posed and intended, may by another pope be ignored, or set down as simply an opinion on canon law or a deliverance on discipline. Three inquiries have recently been made from this office of as many high Roman Catholic officials in this country,  concerning ex cathedra utterances by the  present pope. One of these officials (the highest in rank in the United States) re-plied : " It is not very often that the popes are obliged to speak in such a manner [ex cathedra]; but they have done so in many instances, as did Leo XIII. on a recent occasion." When asked what the recent occasion was, and where an authentic copy of the utterance could be obtained, " the prince of the church " twice evaded the question. One archbishop and another archbishop's chancellor replied that they had no knowledge of an ex cathedra utter-ance by the present pope. It is therefore evident that the pope's infallibility is altogether chimerical, derived from an imaginary function of a man-made office, from the will of the "sovereign pontiff," and dependant upon the interpretation of those to whom it is addressed. This is papal infallibility, and it is to faith in this that Leo XIII. invites " the rulers and peoples of the universe." ONE of the most significant of our "Significant Paragraphs," this week, is that in which it is related that a Methodist preacher, in Ohio, exclaimed at a recent camp meeting : " God bless the Roman Catholic Church of to-day." "Rome never changes." The Roman Catholic Church of to-day is, according to her own boast, the Roman Catholic Church of the Middle Ages. Cardinal Gibbons says, in " The Faith of Our Fathers," page 71:Š Perpetuity, or duration till the end of time, is one of the most striking marks of the Church. By per-petuity is not meant merely that Christianity in one form or anothar was always to exist, but that the Church was to remain forever in its integrity, clothed with all the attributes which God gave it in the be-ginning. For, if the Church lost any of her essential characteristics, . . . she could not be said to be perpetual, because she would not be the same institu-tion, Again, on page 83 of the same book, we find these words :Š Amid the continual changes in human institutions, she [the Roman Catholic Church] is the one institu-tion that never changes. . . . She has seen mon-archies changed into republics, and republics consol-idated into empiresŠall this has she witnessed, while her own divine constitution has remained unaltered. That Rome adapts herself in some meas-ure to different ages is true; but that she changes in character is not true. Her doctrines, her purposes are the same now as in the Middle Ages, and if she could she would push back the car of human progress to the position it occupied when she dominated the civilized world, and the Inquisition tortured its victims and hunted its enemies where it would. Says Brownson, a Roman Catholic writer, whose work is on sale in all Catholic book stores : " Always will the period from the sixth to the end of the fifteenth century stand out as most glorious in the annals of the race."ŠLiberalism and the Church, page 182, No, " Rome never changes," and she is sorry that the world has changed. She is  sorry that there was ever such an era as that of the Reformation. She is much grieved at the existence of the various Protestant sects, of which the Methodist Episcopal Church is one. And yet a Methodist preacher says, " God bless the Roman Catholic Church of to-day." If Rome is the Church of God, there is no excuse for Methodism; its inception was wickedness, its continuance is presump-tion. But if Rome is, as the Scriptures characterize her, " the mystery of in-iquity," "the mother of harlots and abom-inations of the earth," how dare any man bearing the name of Protestant, bid her God speed? ANOTHER case of persecution for con-science' sake is reported from Australia. An Adventist was arrested for Sunday work in Parramatta, a suburb of Sydney, early in August, and was fined twc shil-lings and sixpence, or to be set in the stocks for two hours. The fine not being paid and there being no stocks, orders were given to erect some. But the Minister of Justice did not relish a return to mediaeval-ism, and finding that the statute of Charles II. provided a fine of five shillings instead of two shillings and sixpence, he took ad-vantage of the technicality and ordered proceedings to be stopped and the prisoner to be set free. The Adventists embraced the opportunity to circulate their liter-ature and their work has been advanced rather than hindered by the arrest. IN another column we print an article from the Independent touching the ques-tion of State appropriation to religious or semi-religious institutions, as viewed by the Constitutional Convention of this State. We publish the matter because of its statement of facts, but do not indorse the action of the convention; because it prohibits appropriations only to institu-tions " under control or direction of reli-gious denominations or in which any de-nominational tenet or doctrine is taught." It leaves the door wide open for appropria-tions to institutions claiming to teach undenominational tenets. IT is now positively stated that Mgr. Satolli will not be recalled by the pope, but that he will presently be formally ap-pointed supreme head of " the church " in this country. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address,per, 'year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 66 100 to 249 " " " " 44 Ł 75c 64 250 to 499 " " " " 64 - - .. 70c 64 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c 1000 or more " " " 64 - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, ... - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 