388 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. have overtaken our people, and this is the most disheartening symptom present in the body politic at the present time. The day seems to have gone by when the cry of the oppressed or the weak arouses the sense of justice in the hearts of our people. Especially is it sad to see the religious press, supposed to represent the spirit of the Reformation (which struggles against such fearful persecutions of other days), now so silent when fellowmen are being ground between the millstones for con-science' sake. It is true that one of the greatest religious papers, THE "INDEPENDENT " HAS SPOKEN grandly for freedom, as will be seen by the following extract:Š We have again and again, during the last few years, had occasion to express our profound indig-nation at the administration of Tennessee law as applied to some country farmers belonging to the Seventh-day Adventist body, who, after having carefully kept the Sabbath on the seventh day of the week, worked in their fields on the first day of the week. This prosecution has been renewed, and three men of families, one fifty-five and an-other sixty-two years of age, were convicted, and have, during the summer and autumn, been work-ing out their fine, being-set to work with criminals at shovelling on the common highway. They re-fused to pay their fine, declaring that it was un-just, and that they were liable to be arrested again as soon as they were released. We have said be-fore, and we say again, that this is bad law, bad morals, and bad religion. Another religious organ, the Baptist Church Bulletin, gives these suggestive words of warning :Š Let us be careful how we let in the camel's nose of religious legislation, lest the brute crowd his bulky form in and occupy the whole shop. If the law by whi*Ch these men were legally imprisoned be a righteous law, then may any State, nation or country set up a religious creed and enforce it; then France treated properly the Huguenots; Rus-sia the Jews; and early New England and Vir-ginia the Baptists and Quakers. Protestant Amer-ica had better be careful how she lays foundations for other men to build upon. Rome has as good a right to build in her way as we have to build in our way. As a rule, however, the religious press has been strangely silent. A nation can sometimes afford to err on the side of mercy, but no nation can afford to be unjust to her lowliest citizen. I am one of those who believe most pro-foundly that every sin, whether committed by an individual, a State, or a nation, brings its own consequence as inevitably as the violation of a physical law brings its evil results. I believe that nations commit suicide no less than individuals, and that wrong done by nations will re-sult in evil consequences; and believing this, while loving the great Republic, I can not remain silent when she is unjust or when she wrongs, in the name of law, upright citizens because they do not be-lieve as the majority believe. No State or nation can afford to allow a law not based on justice to remain upon the stat-ute books. And when our Republic so far forgets the high ideals of justice, liberty, and human rights, which made her the flower of the ages, as to permit unjust laws to be passed, or cruel, obsolete stat- utes to be resuscitated in the interests of any class, any sect, or any religion, she makes law-breaking citizens, and plants in her own breast the seeds of disintegra-tion. THE " institutions " for which back-slidden churches ' desire the aid of the civil: laws, are always those which find no support in the Scriptures. Fellow-Christian, think of this.ŠSigns of the Times. Proper Sunday Laws. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: Your re-view of my article under the title of " The Only Proper Sunday Law," is read with much interest. Allow me to change one word in the article you criticise; the word " conscientiously." The State should have nothing to do directly with consciences. Notice the word "directly." The whole authority of government is based at last on the consciences and moral convictions of the majority of the people. But the State can not control consciences. The extract will read:Š Those who truly and really observe any other day as a Sabbath should be exempted from the Sunday law, provided they do their work in such a way and at such a place as not to interfere with the Sabbath quiet of the first day of the week. Sunday laws are religious as other laws are and non-religious like other laws. All laws are, and should be, founded on the moral convictions of the people, and these moral convictions are in turn based on their religious convictions. Laws op-posed to these convictions become dead letters. So, like the laws against bigamy, perjury, stealing, incest, murder, you may call the Sunday laws religious if you choose. The moral convictions of the people, of the vast majority, make a dif-ference between the first day and the other days of the week. But the Govern-ment does not forbid bigamy, perjury; stealing, etc., because they are morally or religiously wrong, but because they are injurious to the community. So the Gov-ernment does not forbid Sunday work be-cause Sabbath-breaking is a sin, but be-cause Sunday work injures the people, intellectually, morally, and physically. The course of THE SENTINEL tends to deprive your people of their Saturday Sabbath, as well as the rest of us our Sun-day Sabbath. Would it not be better for THE SENTINEL to try to amend our Sun-day laws, rather than to labor, indirectly but effectively, for the total abolition of our weekly rest day? J. B. CONVERSE, Editor Christian Patriot. Morristown, Tenn. The foregoing is published at the re-quest of the editior of the Christian Pa-triot. It will be noticed that the writer desires to change the word " conscien-tiously " or have it expunged from his article published in THE SENTINEL of November 24, on the ground that " the State should have nothing to do directly with conscience," and yet a little farther on he makes the plain statement thatŠ All laws are, and should be, founded on the moral convictions of the people, and these moral convictions are in turn based on their religious convictions. The gentleman has surely knocked the props from under his own " argument," for he first asserts that the Government should have nothing to do with the con-science, and at once follows it up with a claim that all laws should be based upon the religious convictions of the people. Now if religion and religious convictions are not matters pertaining entirely to the conscience, it might be well for the Chris-tian Patriot to give us some light on the subject. Again we notice that "the whole authority of government is based at last on the consciences and moral convictions of the majority of the people; but the State can not control conscience." What-ever the writer of the foregoing may think or believe, it remains a sad but un- disputable fact that whenever the " i. e.," religious convictions" of the major-ity have shaped legislation, the State has controlled or sought to control the con-sciences of the minority. The Christian Patriot sagely remarks :Š Those who truly and really observe any other day as a Sabbath, should be exempted from the Sunday law, provided they do their work in such a way and at such places as not to interfere with the Sabbath quiet of the first day of the week. Permit us to ask the writer of this pm found article that even if the principle of Sunday legislation were right, would the minority have no rights? Would it not be equally just for the law to provide that all labor done on the seventh day by Sun-day keepers be performed in such a man-ner and at such places as not to interfere with the religious devotions of those who observe another day? We are also told that Sunday laws are " non-religious " but that they should be based on the " religious convictions " of the people. How the editor of the Chris-tian Patriot reconciles such contradictory statements, is beyond the comprehension of ordinary minds. "The Government does not forbid Sun-day work because Sabbath-breaking is a sin." Why then is an open Bible with the fourth commandment, marked, pre-sented to the clerk of the Senate as a rea-son for closing the World's Fair on Sun-, day? Why did the Supreme Court of the State of Tennessee decide that " Christian-ity is part of the common law " of that State? The editor of the Christian Pa-triot surely has not read of the frantic efforts of the American Sabbath Union to have Sunday laws enacted because we are a "Christian Nation ; " has not read of the threats of boycott against Sunday law violators made by ministers' meetings; has not read of threats to prevent the re-election of certain congressmen, should they fail to vote on the side of Sunday laws. " The Course of THE SENTINEL," does not "tend to deprive " any one of their " Saturday Sabbath " for God gave that to man and no one can deprive him of it. THE SENTINEL is opposed to religious legislation as unconstitutional, un-Amer-ican and unchristian. It stands for a principle and not for the easiest method of getting around 'a difficult question. Congress and the' World's Fair Again. CONGRESS has opened, and with its first day's proceedings began again the dis-cussion of the congressional measures in reference to Sunday closing of the World's Fair. In his opening invocation the Chaplain of the Senate referred to that and kindred subjects in the petition: " Exalt us more and more in righteousness among the nations. Preserve to us our Sabbath and our sanctuaries, "Šbut the House heard petitions and protests from members and constituents "against imposing con-ditions either as to keeping open or closing on Sundays the World's Columbian Ex-position," and also one petition from a Young People's Society of Christian En-deavor for its unconditional closing. Representative Durborow, of Chicago, Chairman of the House Committee on the World's Fair, introduced a joint resolution in which it was made the duty of the World's Columbian Exposition to make such rules, or so modify the rules of the corporation known as the World's Co-lumbian Exposition as to prohibit the use 