CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 15, 190o. VOLUME 15., NUMBER 45. CO \e,  "Ifonil‚s%  hear mg words and believe not I judge him not"ŠJesus chrimir  THE SENTINEL OF. LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324. —DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $I.00 L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. IT is better to worship than to work on the Sabbath, but better to work than to spend the day in loafing. WHEN the civil government takes care of individ-ual rights all other interests which concern individ-als will take care of themselves. THERE can be no surer way to take away from a man the Sabbath which was " made for man," than to, compel him by legislation to honor,as a Sabbath -a day he does not believe to be sacred. .4 .4 THE civil power can not uphold any church against the power of the Spirit of, God operating against that church, nor stay the, progress of any church which is moving by direction of that Spirit. .4  .4 Civil., government guarantees to the individual its protection against the invasion of his rights by others. The government of God does not guarantee to any, of its subjects protection of life, liberty, or property; but does guarantee to them a better char-acter and protection from the ravages of sin. AUTHORITY to rule over others that is claimed in the name of the Lord is always self-assumed au-thority. Civil, government has no authority to define sin, and neither the authority nor the wisdom to deal with an act as a sin. No sin can be rightly dealt with save by the universal and all-wise Sovereign. And as the transgression of the moral law Is always sin, that law does not come within the scope of civil government. A sin is a blow struck at God's gov-ernment, but civil government is not ordained to look after the things of God. Its purpose is to se-cure life, liberty, and property to individuals in so-ciety. ot eat " ALL men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain 'unalienable rights." These rights belong only to individuals; they do not belong to the civil government nor to the church. The reason these rights belong only to individ-uals is that they come from the Creator, who be-stowed, them upon manŠthe individual. God created the individual, but the existing Organizations of individuals are the, work of man himself. It might seem that since individuals have these rights they must belong to the government which the individuals compose. But to make these rights inherent in the government would be to take them'  away from the ones on whom the Creator bestowed them. If, for example, the government had an un-alienable right to existence it might, if necessary, sacrifice the lives of-all the people under it merely to perpetuate itself, thus depriving the people of their own unalienable right to life, which it is the very purpose of the, governnient to preserve. is. 