AMERICAN SENTINEL. 799 Studies in French = History.-52. "ABOUT the first thing that wise old man, Cardinal Fleury, did, was to raise the standard of the coin, again. This was a very sensible thing to do,Šin fact, no people or country can prosper when its gold and silver money is debased. He very much desired to put a tax upon the lands of the rich, but he was so anxious to keep on friendly terms with his neighbors that he dared not do this; but he was very economical in the management of public affairs, and even in 'the king's own household.' This was some time before the middle of the eighteenth century. "Can you tell me of anything else," continued the teacher,Š"any other enterprise which was being con-ducted about this time by France, Edna?" "Do you mean the colonies which were sent over here to America, professor?" "Yes; and to India as well. I love to dwell upon the quiet, prosperous part of the stormy history of this .country, because it is much pleasanter to think about." "The people called Louis XV. the 'Well-Beloved,' didn't they?" asked Milly Brown, "though papa said this morning that he didn't know why." "I do not think they had any sensible reason for it, Milly, because he did scarcely anything but oppress them day and night. But after winning some victories over the English, he was taken very sick, and the peoplefeared he would die. Then he pretended to be very sorry for all his misdeeds, and while the people were rejoicing over the victories he had gained for France, they gave him this name: But I am thinking it would have been far better for the people if he had not recovered; for his subse-quent acts prove that his repentance was not at all gen-uine." "Don't you think that is apt to be the case when any one professes to be co averted under the influence of fear Šeither of deathŠor of the civil law?" asked Joe Pal-meter. "It is very apt to be so; yes, Joseph. Well, finally, the king got well, and the people were very glad,Šbut it ryas the last time they were glad, till he died. "Meantime the nation was engaged in a mighty struggle with the English, over in India, when the re-nowned general Dupleix was so successful that he gave France, the victory." "When was peace declared?" asked Max Smith. "In 1748; but still the poorer classes of victorious France were in as great a strait as ever. Even the old Cardinal Fleury, generally so wise and prudent, did the unjust thing of, forcing themŠthe peasantsŠI mean, to see that the roads were kept in good order; this, obliges tion was called the corree.!' "But if he had obliged the rich people to do this, I think it would have been a very sensible thing, for the roads must have been pretty bad, according to the last lesson," said practical Jack. "Certainly; but you see the poor peasants were al-ready taxed shamefully, and it was only just to require that those who used the roads most, which was thericher classes, should keep them in repair. But all these unjust and iniquitous proceedings only hastened the horrors of that awful baptism of blood called the French Revolu-tion. "Between 1748 and 1756 there was a period of sweet peace. It was as though the country would take a short breath before, the beginning of the next troubleŠthe French and Indian war, as Americans call it." "Now we are getting quite near home," remarked Charlie. "Yes; but meantime the silly king, instead of making the most of the little time of peace, did nothing at all for his impoverished country; but paid all of his attention to a wicked and vain woman named-Madame Pompa-dour." "What did poor Queen Maria do then?" asked Milly Brown. "She could do nothing. The will of the king was law; and so that worthless woman almost entirely ruled the country, through her unbounded influence with Louis. She even appointed her favorites as bishops of the church Šwhether they were fit or in any way qualified for that position mattered little. "I should almost think the people.would be glad for such a king to die," said Rob Billings. "There are many who would certainly have rejoiced at it. In fact, a man tried to kill him with a penknife about this time, which put the wicked king into a great fright, for though the wound was trifling, he feared the knife was poisoned. Then again did the insincere king profess to be much concerned about his soul; but when the doctor pronounced the wound not dangerous, the king had no further use for the priest whom he had sent for post haste." "What did they do with the fellow who tried to kill him? and what was the man's name, please, professor?" asked Harry. "They hitched him to four horses in such a way that he was pulled into as many parts,Šit was horrible! His name was Damiens. This awful torture was witnessed by many people, even ladies,Šor those calling themselves such, came in crowds to witness it. "In the French and Indian war, Louis was coaxed into taking the part which he did, by Madam Pompa-dour, who had no other motive than to gratify her flat- 