AMERICAN SENTINEL. 101 Minds, until few regarded the kingdom of God's grace. There was one, however, whom God chose to have repre-sent him and his kingdom in the earth. But in calling Abraham as his servant, God did not again destroy the kingdoms of men, as he had before done in selecting Noah to be his representative in the earth. He did, however, select a portion of territory in which to plant his king-dom, and called Abraham out from the Chaldean coun-try, telling him to get away from all his relatives, and go into the chosen land which would be shown him. Gen. 12:1. It will be noticed how careful God was to have Abra-ham removed from the molding influence of human minds as he took up the work assigned him. About to become the head of God's kingdom on earth, and the father of all the faithful, God would not permit even Terah, the father of the patriarch, to accompany him to the country of which he was to be the heavenly representative. The father of Abraham being of doubtful character (Josh. 24:2), he could not be permitted to have an influence in the government of that nation which was to be devel-oped from the seed of Abraham, "the friend of God." Notwithstanding these requirements of God, Abraham took his father with him, when he left Ur of the Chaldees. But his steps were turned aside from entering the prom-ised land at once, and the whole company went to Haran where they remained until Terah's death. Gen. 11:31,32. This bar to the proper beginning of the kingdom being removed, Abraham received command to proceed to the country for which he had started some years previous. Gen. 12:4. Lot went along, however, and caused much anxiety to his uncle, until, through a quarrel between the herdsmen of the two men, the younger decided to separ-ate from his uncle, and settle in the plains of Jordan, among a people more to his own liking. Gen. 13:5-11. When this came about, and the last relative of Abra-ham was separated from him, then the Lord spoke to him, saying, "Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward; for all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed forever, And I will make thy seed as the dust of the earth; so that if a man can number the dust of the earth, then shall thy seed also be numbered. Arise, 'walk through the land in the length of it, and in the breadth of it; for I will give it unto thee." Verses 14-17. There is more in this promise than one sees at the first glance. God had actually promised to the represen-tative of his kingdom in the earth, territory claimed by another. Satan had conquered its first deputy-governor, and held it by right of conquest. He now saw that God intended to take it from him again and give it as a prize to those who would renounce the power of evil, and so restore all the component parts of the original kingdom. Here was another opportunity to charge God with arbi-trariness. Was not the earthly territory his, fairly won from man, whose dominion it had once been? What right had God to bestow by promise upon Abraham and his  seed that which he himself claimed the privilege of giving to whomsoever he would? Luke 4:6. From this time forward we may look for a fierce con-test to be waged by Satan against the seed of Abraham, lest the promise of God shall be fulfilled to them, and the territory pass from under his control. Having command of the powers of earth, we may expect him to marshal their governments, at every step of the way, to oppose the growth of Abraham's seed, and so prevent themfrom possessing the domain which he considers his lawful prey. Just when he began that work, and how he has since car-ried it on, are points to be reserved for another paper. J. 0. C. Separation. BY E. P. MARVIN. "BE ye not unequally yoked together with unbeliev-ers : for what fellowship hath righteousness with unright-eousness? and what communion hath light with dark-ness? "And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel? "And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. "Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you. "And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty."-2 Cor. 6:14-18. Salvation is through separation unto Christ. The world with all its wisdom, philosophy, science, civilization and progress is a moral ruin, and if any are saved it must be by coming out of it. Sin separates from God, and we can only get back to God by separating from sin. This began to be very dis-tinctly taught in the calling of Abraham (Gen. 12), and was constantly taught in the ceremonials of the Mosaic dispensation. In general, this is the separation which Christ exemplified in his earthly life. We are to imitate him. We are in the world but not of the world, in its af-fections and desires, objects and aims, hopes and antici-pations. By the world in this connection is meant the system of men and things most common around us, which is evil, under control of Satan the usurper, and op-posed to God and his gospel. Gal.1:4. This system has many departmentsŠsocial, political, commercial, and religious, through which Satan works. This world is unchangeably evil, opposed to God, and bound offer with its head to "the judgment of the Great Day." From this we must be separated or we cannot be saved. 2 Cor. 6:17, 18. All who are loyal to the Word and willing to study it may take the following lesson respecting- 1. We must be separated from the world's SOCIAL YOKE for fellowship with Christ. "Society" is hydriotic- 