APRIL 13, 1893. A_Mlaktit CA 119 becomes my official duty now to appoint a day of fasting, humiliation and prayer. Accordingly with the advice and consent of the council, I do hereby appoint Thursday, the 6th day of April next, as the day to be devoted to such purposes. It is for the people of the commonwealth to deter-mine whether this day shall be observed in con-formity with the high and holy purposes for which it has been instituted and appointed, or whether it shall be a formal fast by proclamation, to which the great body of the community of a Christian State gives neither heed, support or service. It is evident that in this particular, at least, the governor of Massachusetts has little faith in the efficacy of legislative or official religious formality. Civil Government and Religion. We will not, at this point, discuss the question as to whether or not Sunday is the Lord's day, and whether or not there is any reason why anybody should regard it at all, any more than Monday or Tues- day. It is a fact that it is regarded as a sacred day, and the matter which first demands consideration is this, Has the State any right to legislate either for or against religion ? If it be claimed that the Government has a right to make re-ligious laws, then it must follow that it is right to use force in matters of re-ligion; for laws are nothing unless en-forced. And when this is admitted, then religious persecution is justified; for in every age persecution has been nothing but the enforcement of the law upon those who dissented from the form of re-ligion which the Government recognized. We will let the Scriptures settle this mat-ter. Jesus cried, and said, . . . I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness. And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejecteth me and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day. John 12:44-48. Speak not against one another, brethren. He that speaketh against a brother, or judgeth his brother, speaketh against the law, and judgeth the law; but if thou judgest the law, thou art not a doer of the law but a judge. One only is the law-giver and judge, who is able to save and to destroy; who art thou that judgest thy neighbor ? James 4:11, 12, Revised Version. For the Lord is our judge, the Lord is our law-giver, the Lord is our king; he will save us. Isa. 33: 22. Note those three texts. If there was ever anybody on earth who had a right to judge men for their beliefs, it was the Lord Jesus Christ. But he said, " I judge no man." Although he was the truth, and came as the light of the world, to bear witness to the truth, he declared that men might disbelieve him if they wished. He would not condemn them, but they would have to meet his words in the judgment of the last day. Surely, then, there is no man in this earth who has the right to sit in judgment upon an-other for a matter of religion. Even though we should allow the claim of the Pope to be the vicar of Christ, that would not give him the right to judge men for their faith, for Christ did not do that when he was on earth in person. " The servant is not greater than his Lord; neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him." So the Apostle Paul writes, " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant ? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up, for God is able to make him stand." " But why dost thou judge thy brother ? or why (Jost thou set at naught thy brother ? for  we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ. For it is written, As I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and every tongue shall con-fess to God. So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God. Let us not therefore judge one another any more." Rom. 14: 4, 10-13. Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things cif darkness, and will make mani-fest the counsels of the hearts; and then shall every man have praise of God. 1 Cor. 4: 5. Whoever, therefore, sits as a judge con-cerning matters of religion, is usurping the place of the Lord. He is moreover, doing that which the Lord does not do; for God does not use force to compel any man either to believe the truth or to practice it. It is the goodness of God that leads men to repentance. Rom. 2: 4. Those who think by the use of force to any degree to lead men to do right, thereby show that they are ignorant of the goodness of God, and of its power. Christ said that if he were lifted up he would draw all unto him. John 12:30. It is drawing power, not driving power, that makes men Christians.ŠPresent Truth, London, Eng. Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS. BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL FALLOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanisms, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim-inated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list. of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 512 pages, cloth, $1.00. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12512 & Castro Streets, I 48 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. Raw Yon n. Ws manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free f rom lard and all adulterations, at the following priCes:Š  lie Fruit Biscuits, white a- sweetened, T... Fruit Crackers, not sweeteneor, " " .....15c Lemon Cream Biscuits,  Graham " " .....12c Oat Meal " " "A" Graham Crackers slightly sweetened " " .....10c ..   not sweetened  " " .....10c "D" Graham Cracker, (water crackers for dys- peptics   " " —.10c "A" Oat Meal " slightly sweetened " " .....10c .3e e e e not sweetened..... " " .....10c Whole Wheat Crackers,  " " 10e White " very palatable, " " .....10c Carbon   " " .....15c Gluten 41   " " .....30e Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, .  " " .....10c (The same as formerly advertized under the name " Granola.") Pure Gluten, in bulk, ....per lb ......40o Wheat " e e ee .....20c Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 25c Goods to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the small, round Butter Crackers, purely butter shortened, and dealers wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices, stat-ing how many barrels they wish to purchase, etc. The price per barrel of about 50 lbs. is seven and one half cents per lb. Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use SACRED CHRONOLOGY. BY SYLVESTER BLISS. This work treats of the Elements of Chronology, the different systems, and the various eras, and gives the chronology of the principal events recorded in sacred history from the creation, till the death of St. John. It also contains a vindication of the numbers of the Hebrew Scriptures. Ad an aid to investigation it is invaluable. The book has been thoroughly revised, and an entire chapter added, on the PEOPLING OF THE EARTH. This chapter is an exposition of the tenth chapter of Genesis, and gives an outline of the beginning of history and THE ORIGIN OF NATIONS. No student of history can well be without this book. 300 pages. cloth binding, with side stamp, $1.00. Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH & CASTRO STS., 43 BOND ST., OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINE THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel .proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches m diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P.& T. A, C. et G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. both in sickness and health. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. During the month of November last we have added new and improved machinery to our plant and otherwise increased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior ad-vantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable article in this line than has ever before been produced. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAH SMITH, Editor Review and Herald. HON. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. T. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, IL D. HON. GEORGE WILL.AltD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. HON. W. H. MASON, postmaster. HoN. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. B. "Ail HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, 1ich. 