PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324. DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entetecr at the Chicago Post Office as Second-class Mattv. Ł WBSCRIPTION PRICE, , - $1.00 L. A. SMITH, ' C. P. BOLLMAN, .EditOrs. WittRE,pripciples of justice are violated no one secure in theppossession of his rights. .4 .4  THE true patriot demands no favors for himself 'or for his class, but only equality before the law. .4 .4  VoLunitt. CHICAGO, OCTOBERMI 8, 1900. NUIVIBER.  41. THE SENTINEL-OP LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) STATUTE may, and in fact often does, countenance wrong, but law recognizes only justice. IT is the duty of everyone whohas truth to com-municate it to those who have it not. To this ex7  tent every man is his brother's keeper. THE state can not be religious without antagoniz-ing Christianity 'by interfering with the rights of conscience, for every reliiion is necessarily against some other religion, and if the state joins with one it must necessarily oppose some other. Ł THE SOURCE OF CIVIL POWER. THE Declaration of Independerrce sets forth ,as a self-evident truth the proposition that governments derive " their just powers from the consent of the governed "Šthat is, from the people. THE state in its proper sphere is not against re- But to this some seek to,  oppose the Biblical dec- , ligion, but outside its sphere it is necessarily against Ł laration that "there is no power but 9f God; the the gospel. Ł powers that be are ordained of God, Whosoever ,04 'therefore resisteth the power resisteth the ordinance 'of God; and they that resist shall receive to them- To attempt to elevate the moral tone of society - selves damnation." There is hot, however, the :slightest conflict be- tween the DeClaration 'of Independence and -the ŁWord of God. There is, and there can be,".no:power buf of God." He is the, source alike of life and power, and he has Ordained bothŠthat is, it is by his will that they exist. make people better, nor even to keep the front Nor is this the only sense in which God has—,or- --betoming :morally -bad; but to safeguard known dained both life and power; he has endowed man ,..rights, and to enforce the discharge of those duties with 'both, and has ordained ;how powe,r shall be exercised and how 'life: shall be -used and by civil law is like trying to make a man physically strong by the adrniniStration of stimulants. The patient may appear better for the' moment, out- col- lapse is sure to follow. THE true office of civil government is not to -Which individuals owe to society. 'Ł 