24 , THE AMERICAN S'F.;NTINEL, VoL. 6, No. 3. NEW Yonx, JANUARY 15, 1891. NomŠAny one- receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it. may know that .it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. " NO matter what some people may say or think," says the Orleans Herald, "the American people will not permit the State or Nation to furnish their religion." ONE of the considerations urged in be-half of a " civil " Sunday law in Califor-nia, is, that while one-fourth of the popu-lation are boys between sixteen and twenty-one years of age, only one per cent of these belong to any Christian church. Ł AN Episcopal clergyman and editor, in an important Western city, writes : " I do what I can to circulate THE AMER-ICAN SENTINEL." Of course his own paper is sound upon the question of Sunday leg-islation, the Bible and religion in the pub-lic schools, etc. MINISTER VAN GOSSLER has introduced a bill into the Reichstag to secularize all schools of the German Empire, not only in instruction but in administration. Ger-man Catholics thought their sufferings ended with Bismarck's removal, but it seems they were mistaken. ACCORDING to statements made at the Philadelphia session of the Sabbath Un-ion, the railroads are falling into line in behalf of better Sunday observance. "On  the last week of November, the Philadel-phia and Reading Road announced that they would cease to run coal trains on Sunday." It was. also stated that " some of the largest Trunk Lines are cutting down Sunday work, and would be willing to haul only perishable freight could an agreement be made with other roads." THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union column of the Lebanon Rustic, a Missouri paper, has the following The Sabbath question will never find its proper place in the Nation until its discussion is brought more fully within the realm of conscience. An awakened moral conviction throughout the land must precede civil Sunday statutes, otherwise such legislation will be loose and below the divine stand-ard. This agrees exactly with what we have repeatedly said, namely, that Sabbath ob-servance is a question of conscience, and that to attempt to regulate it in any way  by civil law is only to attempt to coerce conscience. But notwithstanding the Woman's Christian Temperance Union sees this so clearly it seems determined that Congress shall enact laws interfering in this matter. THE Watertown Sentinel comes to us from Watertown, South Dakota, filled with sound anti-National Reform matter, and asking an exchange, which we gladly grant. The organs of so-called National Reform are multiplying, and why should not the friends of religious- liberty be fully awake to the danger, and fully prepared to meet it in every quarter ? IN his plea for the " civil Sabbath," Mr. Crafts says : " Take the religion out and you take the rest out." The New York Observer more candid and possibly less wise, says : " It is this ' innocent rec-reation' that destroys the idea of Sunday being a holy day." And that is just the reason that the Observer and the religious press generally, demand the enforcement of Sunday keeping by " civil " law. THE Philadelphia Sabbath Association utterly repudiates the so-called sanitary grounds of Sunday observance, and insists on a distinct recognition of Sunday as a Christian institution. It is offended with Dr. George Dana Boardman, for saying that they would make greater progress if they would look at the Sabbath from a sanitary standpoint. We must therefore understand that this Association, in de-manding Sunday laws and their enforce-ment, is doing it from a purely religious standpoint. THE clergy-  of San Antonio of all de-nominations, headed by Bishop Johnston, are stirring up the people on the subject of the " desecration " of Sunday. They held- a public meeting, and resolved to ask the Legislature to enact more rigorous laws. The Anglo-Saxon Churchman remarks that a " layman who participated in the meeting, with a keen senseof consistency, moved that the clergy set an example of keeping Sunday by ceasing to announce their services in the Sunday papers." Ł THE NationalView very properly thinks that "it is not the business of the public schools to give a complete education, or even an approximation thereto. If relig-ion should be taught, it should be taught by the Church, where each can be repre-sented in its own way, and where each can be cared for without interference from the other. The public school is the creature of the State, in this country, is inherently and distinctively republican. And- hence all who agree in republican government must be supplied with an education that  simply conforms therewith. And so the Schools being creatures of- the State, which is itself secular, must be of -a secular char-acter; and their secular character must not be tampered with or encroached upon -by any religious body, Catholic or Protest-ant. THE Christmas number of the Oakland, California, Times, has the following:  Even in New England where the old Puritans ruled most rigidly and prescribed Merry Christmas and Sunday recreation together, the people now very generally observe both Sunday and Christmas, and in much the same genial and yet partly relig-ious manner. It is much better so and no reason in the world why it should be otherwise. There is as much authority for observing the festival of Christmas as that of Sunday. Neither is enjoined in Scripture; both were first established as require-ments by the Roman Catholic Church. The Catho-lic Church has always regarded both as festivals solely of Church appointment, but worthy of gen-eral observation for their beneficient character and excellent uses; and Protestants are rapidly coming to take a similar view. But the State has no more right to enforce the observance of one festival than the otherŠSunday than Christmas. It is clear that the American Sabbath Union has still much work to do in Cali- fornia before the people of that State are ready for the cut-and-dried " civil Sab-bath " programme which has been pre- pared for them at the Sabbath Union head-quarters. Bound Volumes. THOSE wishing bound volumes of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL Of 1890, should send us their names at once, as only a limited number will be bound, and orders- will be filled in the order in which they are re-ceived. The- prices will be the same as last year, namely, heavy manilla paper $1.50, half roan (cloth, with leather back), $2.60. Ł THE "Pitcairn Souvenir," the story of a missionary ship recently launched at San Francisco, for service on the Pacific Ocean, is a most interesting work and a triumph of the printer's art. It is beauti-fully illustrated and is neatly printed on fine paper. The prices are 25 cents, 50 cents, and $1.00, according to binding. Orders should be addressed to Interna-tional Sabbath-school Association, Oak-land, California. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. , IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per. Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 