788 AMERICAN SENTINEL. observance of the day's rest, rather than for the infrac-tion of any civil obligation. Then, again, inconsistency is seen in such laws from the fact that they do not remain steadfast, like the Sab-bath law of Jehovah, but vary in their requirements and penalties according to the times. This is well illustrated by the various revisions of the English law on this point. In 1675, during the reign of Charles II, Parliament passed a law "for the better observation and keeping holy the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." Section 2 of that law provided that "no drover, horse-courser, wagoner, butcher, or any of their servants shall travel, or come into his or their inn or lodging upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof, upon pain that each and every offender shall forfeit twenty shillings for every such offense, and that no person or persons shall use, employ_ or travel upon the Lord's day with any boat, wherry, lighter, or barge, except it be upon extraordinary occa, sions, to be allowed by some of the peace of the city, bor-ough, or town corporate, where the act shall be com-mitted, upon pain that every person so offending, shall forfeit and lose the sum of five shillings for every such offense." This was indeed a strange law,Šjust such, however, as might be expected from human legislators Who at-tempt to transform a moral precept into a civil one. It will be noticed that those who traveled by land, such as drovers, etc., if applying for lodging at any public house on Sunday, were to be heavily fined, since that was evi-dence that they had been traveling on that day. But those who might travel all day by boat were let off with only a nominal fine. But further, if one of these tourists by water, in some way, could wheedle the magistrate into granting him a permit for the journey, then no of-fense was committed, and, in the eyes of the law, the sanctity of the day was preserved. Evidently, Sunday-breaking in those days was considered a sort of venial sin, the absolution of which might be purchased before-hand by magisterial indulgence. Later Parliaments, however, modified this law by re-pealing that part which made it a misdemeanor to travel by boat on Sunday, without relieving the drover and others who must journey by land. This was presumably because the members of the Parliament, some of whom lived along the banks of the Thames, desired to use that day in visiting their families. At any rate, the law was changed to suit the demand of the times and the men who composed the law-rtfaking power of the nation. In 1871, another Parliament enacted that "no pros-ecution, or other proceeding shall be instituted against any person or the property of any person for any offense committed by him under the Act of the 29th year of the reign of King Charles II, chapter seven, entitled an Act for the better observation of the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday," etc. This was just what ought to have been done by any such religious law, and would have been right, bad the legislators stopped with its repeal. But Section 4 of the act itself said: "This Act shall con- tinue in force until the first day of September, one thou-sand, eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer." This limitation of the act was proof of the folly of human legislation concerning religious duties. The sus-pended law stood on the premise of making men more careful in religious duties. Had it this power, by what right did the Parliament of 1871 annul it for a year? It may be said that the people did not then need the law to help them observe the sacredness of the day. Surely, then, why have it come in force again at the expiration of a year? Certain circumstances conspired to make it suitable to suspend the operation of the law for a year, showing that the law was never necessary to make men better, because that was not in the power of law, and is not now, nor ever can be. The only thing that Sunday laws can do, outside of harrassing those who do not care to observe them, is to show to what lengths the intoler-ance of men will lead them, in dealing with the consciences of others. J. O. C. NOT to agree with my opinion, is counted by Bigotry as the most heinous crime of which any person can be guilty. -4 Two " Rusty " Weapons. " Present Truth" (London, Eng ), November 18. HERE are two bits from the Methodist Times which suggest a lesson that may be read over and over again in the story of the struggle of religious factions for worldly power. The mayor of Lancaster was recently threatened with the penalties of an ancient religious law. Mr. Hugh Price Hughes thus commented on the affair:Š "Some Anglican bigot unearthed an ancient Act of Parliament by which any municipal officer was liable to a fine of £100 if he appeared in the robes and regalia of his office in any place of worship except the Established Church. . . . Mr. Kelly and Mr. Bunting have shown that the intolerant act has been repealed during the Queen's reign. Thus one more rusty weapon is taken out of the hands of intolerant schismatics." Surely the writer of this vigorous comment is ready to cry "hands off !" whenever any one resorts to old reli-gious laws as a means of promoting religious observ-ances. But no; there are other old religious statutes still unrepealed, and Mr. Hughes sees in them a weapon which he thinks should not be allowed to get rusty. Of course people who want to keep Sunday keep it; but those who do not, Mr. Hughes would force to act as though they did. He says:Š "We do not suggest anything unreasonable. All we suggest is that the law should sternly prohibit anything and everything of the nature of trade or money-making on Sunday." That is all. To such rusty old weapons men resort when they forsake the "sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God." 