THE SIGNS OP THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid,  -  -  -  $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address, Post-paid, -  1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid,  - ($2) 8s. Address,  Signs of the Times, OAKLAND, CAL., U, S. A. 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, CHANGE OF TIME ON THE WEST SHORE RAILROAD.   'CAN .7R-NTILINT11_,, the common law of this State." Porter vs. State, Martin and Verger, 226. Or, as stated by Judge Thurman of Ohio : "The English common law, so far as it is reasonable in itself, suitable to the condi-tions and business of our people, and con-sistent with the letter and spirit of our federal and State constitutions and stat-utes, . . . may be said to constitute a part of the common law of this State." Bloom vs. Richards, 2 Ohio State, 387. Section 3, art. 1, of the constitution of Tennessee, is as follows :Ñ That all men have an indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience; that no man can of right be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or maintain any minister against his consent; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the right of conscience ; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship. If Christianity is a religious establish-ment or mode of worship, it cannot be made a part of the law without violating the above clause of the constitution; be-cause that would be giving it preference over other religious establishments or modes of worship. If the institutions of Christianity are protected to the extent that persons are made to observe them without their consent, it would be a viola-tion, in that it would be giving a prefer-ence to that religion, and also in that it would violate the conscience of him who was forced to observe its instiutions againts his consent. These propositions seem to be so plain as to need neither authority nor argument for their support. ( Conclusion next week.) Dangerous Combinations. IN 1829 there was a united effort on the part of a number of religious denomina-tions in the United States to secure from the national Government a Sunday law. Many petitions and memorials were sent to Congress. The committee to whom the matter was referred in the Senate, ren-dered a very able report, in which occur these words :Ñ Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. All religious despotism has commenced by combination and influence; and when that influ-ence begins to operate on the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes us an awful warning of the consequence. From what must be apparent to every one, it is evident that the danger here pointed out is an actual one in the Austra-lasian colonies,Ñextensive religious com-bination to effect a political object. The " Council of the Churches," the " Chris-tian Electors' Association," the " Lord's day Observance Society," and the " Na-tional Scripture Education League " are witnesses to this fact. Matters here have started on the road to religious despotism. We wait to see how long before the civil power bends under these religious com-binations and this influence. But we ex-pect to work while we wait, and do all in ,ur power to warn every one of the danger lierein involved, and to rouse the people to z h sense of the value of the privilege of religious liberty heretofore enjoyed. W. A. COLCORD. Melbourne, Australia. THE inevitable result of believing God's Word is to obey his law.ÑThe Ram's Horn. Apples  of Bold ENVELOPE SERIES  Library THIS is the title of a little monthly publication re-cently started by the Pacific Press, and is designed especially for use in personal correspondence. It is printed on thin paper, and one or two numbers can be put in a No. 6 envelope, with an ordinary letter, without increasing the postage. The following numbers have already been issued:Ñ No. I. Looking unto Jesus. 2.  The Christian's Privilege. " 3. The Sure Promises of God. " 4. How to Get Knowledge. The Church and the World. (Poetry.) The Elect of God. How Esther Read Her Bible. The Thief on the Cross. The Eleventh Hour. " 10. Benefits of Bible Study. " 11. Righteousness ; Where Is It to be Found ? Five copies for one year, postpaid, 50 cents ; or 12 copies for $1.00. Single subscriptions are not desir-able, for two reason: (1) The numbers being so small they are liable to be lost in the mails. (2) If they are used in correspondence, as recommended, more than one copy would be necessary. Single or assorted numbers of the Library will be mailed in quantities at the following rates: 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand copies. Always order by the NUMBER. TIIE PAPACY IN PROPHECY? BY THE Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California. It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power known as the Papacy, or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient accuracy to determine what the " Papacy " is, and what is to be its future develop-ment and ultimate end. Paper Covers, -  - 25 Cents. Cloth Covers, - - - - 60 Cents. Mailed, post-paid, on receipt of price. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentions of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1.00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 5-.1 x '7+ inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. Address  Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. MAKE BREAD, GEMS AND CAKES EUREKA HEALTH FLOUR. A WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR Which competent authorities recommend as "THE BEST FLOUR MADE." It contains three to four times more of Bone, Brain, Nerve and Muscle building elements than ordinary white flour. Invaluable for dyspeptics, all invalids, and growing children. Everyone likes it. Used by the largest sanitariums. Special Offer.ÑHalf barrel, $3.25; one barrel. $6.00; freight paid. Usually retailed at $7.00 to $10.00 per barrel. If not perfectly satisfactory return at my expense and get your money. Agents wanted. Wholesale and retail dealers supplied. Circulars and recipes, for stamp. F. W. BARTLE, Sales Agent, Oxford, N. Y. BARTLE'S SEEDLING POTATOES. NEW VARIETY. Extra Quality. Very Thrifty. Practically Rot Proof, Very early and as good late. Good keepers. Sold all I had. Have secured a few more. Sent postpaid, 30 cents per lb. By express or freight, 50 cents per package. Plenty of time to plant them yet. F. W, BARTLE, Oxford, N. Y. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the ti of STEPS To CHRIST. The rare ability of the aut  he pre- sentation of Scripture truth has never be used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Ñ THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST.  REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORK AND THE LIFE.  KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich; neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address  Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. Commencing Sunday, May 20th, the WEST SHORE RAILROAD will inaugurate its new Spring Schedule. For the accommodation of suburban residents along the historic and picturesque Hudson, many fast trains have been placed in service. The time of through trains heretofore so popular with the traveling public going to points in Central and Western New York, Toronto, Detroit, Cleveland, Chicago and St. Louis and the West, has also had the attention of the management. Copies of the new Time Tables can be had upon application to any ticket agent. 5.  if  6.  c, 7.  .. 8.  .. 9.  