Daniel, in Babylon, Praying Toward Jerusalem. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 31. NEW YORK, AUG-17ST 6, 1896. Price, Three Cents.  American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE P(ICIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING coNmy, 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY EDITOR, C. P. BOLLMAN. ASST. EDITOR, - L. A. SMITH. CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP. CHRISTIAN citizenship is that citizenship which is conferred upon an individual by Christianity; and that citizenship pertains not to this earth, but to heaven.: It is true that Christian people are citizens of various countrieg, hut this fact has no real bearing up-on the subject. This is a citizenship common to all classes of people. It is a citizenship which considers the relations between a man and his fellowman. It can-not take account of a man's relation to God. There is a prevailing idea of Christian citizenship however, which mixes these relations together, teaching that Chris-tian citizenship pertains to the affairs of this world, and hence that those affairs should be conducted upon a religious basis. This is an altogether erroneous conception, and one —. most dangerous to the peace and welfare of society. It is frequently said that a man ought to take his religion into his business; and the saying is true in the sense which is doubtless intended by those who make it, which is that a man ought to be conscientious in his busi-ness dealings, conducting them according to that standard of honesty and justice which religionŠthe Christian religionŠreveals to him. But it would be much better to say just what is meant. Certainly, conscience ought not to be divorced from individual conduct in any relation of life; but conscience is not religion. Honesty does not constitute relig- ion; justice does not constitute it. The foun-dation of the Christian religion is faith in the 'word of God. Christianity enables an individual to live rightly before both God and men, and is therefore of the highest value in any commu-nity as a promoter of peace and prosperity. We refer here to Christianity as defined by Scripture and applied by the Holy Spirit, and not to.what some person or persons may call Christianity, or may attempt to apply by human law. Christianity thus perverted ceases to be Christianity, and becomes the worst disturber of the peace and enemy of prosperity. No person can be better prepared to act the part of a good citizen than he whose standard of righteousness is the law of God, whose conscience is enlightened and guided by God's word, and who has in his heart that love for his fellowmen which is the fulfilling of the second of God's two great command-ments. The person of whom this may be said is a Christian. He of all men may be expected to be honest and just in all his rela-tions with his fellows, and to aim always at  that course which will preserve peace and maintain cordial relations between all about him. This is as far as Christianity can enter into any of those relations of life which pertain to civil affairs. And, as before stated, this is not a union of Christianity with civil affairs, but only of that honesty and justice which Christianity enjoins. The Christian is actu-ated in all things by Christian motives; he has constantly in view the claims of the law of God, which covers both his relation to God and to his fellowmen. He will be a Christian in all places and at all times. But his hon- esty, his justice, and his kindness toward others, do not constitute him a Christian. Many people who have been honest and just and kind toward their fellows have not pro-fessed to be Christians at all, and had they done so, on the strength of these virtues alone, their profession would have been false. Neither one of these, nor all combined, con-stitute a religion. Hence they do not, by their presence in the conduct of civil affairs, unite religion with civil government. 