Equal and &xuctJustice to all Men, of Whatever estate or cer8uasion, religious or Volitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, AUGUST 11, 1892. Ł NUMBER 31. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. THE United States has claimed to be an example to the world of the success of free institutions. The fundamental theory of the Declaration of Independence and of the Constitution of the United States is the acknowledgment of the.  natural rights of all mankind. To secure to its citizens the full enjoyment of these natural rights this Government was instituted. To have succeeded in securing the prac-tical application of this, the only true theory of civil government, and to have placed every citizen in the possession of his absolute rights, and have protected him in their enjoyment, would have required a greater internal revolution, within the thirteen colonies, than the out-ward revolution which freed them from the burden of English rule. THE Puritans had felt the heavy hand of religious intolerance placed upon them-selves, and had escaped from it. But this had not taught them the first principles of civil equity in religious matters,Šno, not even tolerance. The colonies had felt the weight of civil oppression, and had rebelled. From their experiences they learned the correct theory of human rights. They, expressed this theory in a governmental formula, but they did not fully apply it. _0_ To govern their own spirit and deal right-eously among themselves is a greater and a more difficult thing for the people of a na-tion than to take the cities of their enemy. Where a people do not deal right- eously, each man with his neighbor, civil conditions of internal dissension must soon arise more dangerous than foreign war. Those who sigh for justice and equity, and those who go about to do injustice and inequity can not live always together in peace. If the constitutional theory of a government upholds civil equity, and civil and religious freedom unalloyed, and the government in its statutes and judicial practice is false to its principles, either it will utterly fail, or revolution must purge it. THE general Government of the United States was established upon the principle that all men are born free. The individ-ual colonies had previously decided differ-ently, and in statehood retained the fatal dif-ference. This direct antagonism between the social custom of negro slavery and the civil laws upholding it in certain of the States, and the expressed principle of the possession of inalienable rights by all men equally, continued to be more and more of a disturbing element in the social system and body politic of this Nation, until the Proclamation of Emancipation was signed, and the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fif-teenth amendments to the Constitution adopted. Š0-- THE first century of national existence saw that governmental error expiated in blood and fire. But parallel with it had existed another error, as fundamental and even more deeply intrenched in human prejudice, and appealing with greater subtlety to the popular mind for support. That was the fallacy of the sup-port of religion and the enforcement of religious forms and doctrines by the civil law. This found its expression in legis-lative decrees maintaining previously ex-isting laws, drawn from old English statutes enacted under Church and State rule, for the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance, the punishment of blasphemy, etc., the public maintenance of chaplains for the army, legislative assemblies, 'and State institutions, the exemption of church  property from taxation, and other less prominent legislation respecting religion. ŠoŠ nus the Constitution had distinctly forbidden to the general Government. The different States, however, were not prohibited from legislating in respect to religion, yet they inserted clauses in their respective bills of rights which mirrored, in almost every case, the spirit of the re-striction put upon Congress. At the same time the States permitted the same dis-crepancy to exist in this regard between their bills of rights and their statute and municipal law, which some of the States had previously permitted to exist between the assertion of the right of all mankind to freedom and natural equality before the law, and the legalizing of the enslave-ment of the colored race: The theory of the Government of the United States was based upon the equi-table principle of equality before the law for all men. The practice of a portion of the States was based upon the assump-tion that a part of their population had no civil rights which the remainder was bound to respect. Where such antago-nistic conditions exist revolution is a neces-sity. In this case revolution did result. Š0Š THE Government of the United States was founded upon the correct theory of complete non-interference in questions of religion; the only possible basis upon which civil equity can be maintained. The State governments tacitly accepted this for themselves but permitted sections in-consistent with it to creep into their con-stitutions; and laws, in direct contraven-tion of it, to be placed and remain upon their statute books. The first great error, ;the physical enslavement of men was ex-pelled from the body politic before the first century of its existence was past; the second great error, the assumption of the righttO' hold in bondage men's minds, is now, in the second century of the Repub-lic, just beginning to be openly and gen-erally asserted. The Congress of the United States, both Houses, has traitor- 