AMERICAN SENTINEL. 793 nished by China herself. This is to say, she has demon-strated her weakness. This she did in the late war with Japan. In this war, some of her territory, part of her fleet, and some thousands of her soldiers, fell before the arms of the Japanese; but all this was as nothing in com-parison with the real loss resulting from hostilities with Japan, which was that of her protection against the encroachments of the Powers of Europe. It had been supposed that China, with her immense population, needed only to be once thoroughly roused into action under the leadership of men of military skill, to become one of the most formidable military powers in the world. It is now demonstrated that this supposition was entirely incorrect: that China's swarming myriads are not a source of real strength to the empire; that the latter is wanting in co-hesion: and that, in fact, there is little or nothing more to hinder the carving up of the empire by enterprising outside parties than there was to restrain the like enter-prise in the territory of Africa. THAT the thing is easy to be done, is, as we have stated, full justification for the act of doing it, in the view of the "Christian" Powers. We know this is so be-cause their actions have conclusively shown it. In the ethics of European statesmanship, might and right are synonymous terms. When the partitioning of Africa was in full progress, a few years ago, the mere explora-tion of any territory, no matter how thickly populated with human beings possessing all the natural rights of mankind, was deemed to confer a perfectly valid title of ownership upon the explorers, and the government of which they were subjects; so that, as one facetious writer expressed it, the would-be "discoverer" of anynew region had first to promise that he would give it back, before the Powers would allow him to do so. Africa is al-ready partitioned among these Powers, and now it is China's turn, unless all signs are misleading. The only thing that hinders is the well-understood fact that each of the "Christian" Powers who have become the self-appointed administrators of the Celestial estate, wants the biggest and best slice of the same for itself. "AN ordinance in Cleveland," says the Jewish Messen-ger, "permits a Hebrew who observes the Sabbath to keep his billiard saloon open on Sunday, but fines non-Hebrews who may play billiards therein." The law allows the Hebrew this liberty because he religiously observes the seventh day of the week. It ex-empts him upon religious grounds; and any one, by be-coming religious in this way, can secure the exemption. Therefore it is on religious grounds that its exemption is secured and its penalty inflicted; for the exemption is denied to people because they are not observers of the seventh day. And yet it is claimed that the law is not religious, but purely secular ! The Ten Horns, and the Horn with the Eyes of a Man. "WELL, Charlie, I see you are getting in a hurry to begin. What did the fourth beast represent?" "The worst government that ever wasŠRome," " What decree went forth from Caesar Augustus at the birth of Christ?" "That all the world should be taxed." "Then it is clear that all the world was under Roman rule,Šthat there was but one kingdom on the face of the earth." "Yes, mama." "Now turn to Matthew 24, and tell me what question the disciples asked about the end of the world?" " 'When shall these things be, and what shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world?' " "Jesus gave them a sketch of what would happen to the end of the world. But in the seventh verse he tells of a time when Rome would no longer be the only kingdom. Please read it." " 'For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom; and there shall be famines, and pesti-lences, and earthquakes.' " "You can see from this that Jesus knew Rome would not always stand as the ruler of the world; but would be divided into many kingdoms. How many horns were there on the head of the terrible b -ast that symbolized Rome?" "Ten," said Charlie." "Now you may read what the prophet said about these horns in the 24th verse of the seventh chapter of Daniel." 'And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise.'" "That will do for the present. Can you tell when Rome was broken up into various kingdoms?" "It was between the years 356 and 483 after Christ. At least that is what the history you gave me to read, said." "Into how many kingdoms was it divided?" "Ten exactly." "Now, Charlie, I am almost overwhelmed sometimes in reading these wonderful prophecies. The book of Daniel fills me with awe and reverence. I feel something as I felt once when looking through a telescope at the stars. We, Charlie, are thinking God's thoughts after 