g'Lo 0L. J, go. Pecci, writing then as now as " Leo XIII., Pope." Here it is:Š It is the Church that proclaims from the gospel those teachings by which the conflict can be put an end to, or at least made far less bitter; the Church uses its efforts not only to enlighten the mind, but to direct by its precepts the life and conduct of men; . . and acts on the decided view that for these purposes recourse should be had in due measure and degree, to the help of the law and of State authority. This shows that " the bonds of strictest concord " that should be between the Church and the State are such bonds as shall bind the State to do the bidding of the -Church and be her obedient tool in helping the Church in " its efforts not only to enlighten the mind but to direct by its precepts the life and conduct of men." HE next condemns, without measure, "the Masonic sect." We are not qualified to defend Masonry; but we know perfectly well that, admitting the truth of all that he says of Masonry, most, if not all, of it is true with far more force of the papacy. Here it is :Š It is a formidable power which has long oppressed all nations, and especially Catholic nations. Inso-lently proud of strength, resources, and successes, it spares no pains in these our troubled times to affirm and extend its dominion everywhere. From the dark caverns where it once plotted it has invaded our cities in broad daylight. . . . Most deplorable is it that wherever it enters it permeates all classes and all State institutions, as though it would constitute itself the sovereign arbitrator of all things. This we hold spe-cially regrettable, for the perversity of its opinions and the iniquity of its designs are flagrant. Under cover of protecting the rights of matt, and reforming society, it assails Christian institutions. . . . Mar-riage, the idea of the family, the education of youth, it strives to deprive of their Christian character, aim-ing also at the destruction of the popular respect for divine and human power. The cult it orders is the cult of nature. And it holds up the principles of nature as the one measure and the one rule of truth, honesty, and justice. Thus, as we see, man is driven to the ways and habits of an almost pagan life, if the abundance and refinement of seductions do not drive him still lower. He says that it is in that very city of Rome, " the capital of the Catholic world, that it has established headquarters;" and with vastly more force it is true of the papacy that in the city of Washington, "the capital of the modern world," the church of Rome has established head-quarters, that mean only mischief to the United States and to the world. His wish concerning Masonry is thus expressed :Š May the divine mercy upset these dark designs, and may Christian people understand that they must do . away with this sect, and shake off, once for all, its shameful yoke. Such is his "burning charity" toward them and all the rest of us, just as it al-ways has been. BEFORE closing he covertly pays tribute to his own authority as supreme, and warns all of what they may expect if they are not subject to it. This he puts thus :Š Reason yields to some the lawful right to command and enjoins on others to obey. In this obedience there is nothing hurtful to human dignity, since, speaking strictly, God is obeyed rather than man, and God reserves his most rigorous judgments for those who command unless they represent his authority in con-formity with right and justice. And lastly, he does not miss the oppor-tunity to set himself forth as the-  " media-tor of peoples and governments" in these times of disorder and " prevailing unrest" in the present, and of "fear of the future." And here are his words on that :Š Lastly, if we reflect upon what the Church can do as a mother and mediator of peoples and.goVernments,  helping all by its authority and counsel, we shall see how important it is that all nations should adopt the same feeling and profession in matters appertaining to the Christian faith. While our mind dwells on these thoughts and our heart prays for their realiza-tion, we see in the far distant future a new order of. things unfolding itself. We know nothing sweeter than the contemplation of the great benefits which would result naturally from it. . Ł . The virtue of these benefits would not be limited to civilized nations. It would go far beyond, like a broad, fertil-izing river. . . . Especially do we implore princes and rulers in the name of their political foresight and solicitude for the interests of their peoples, to weigh our designs equitably, and second them by their favor and authority. Were only a part of the fruits that we expect to ripen, the benefit would not be small amid the present rapid downfall of all things, and when to the prevailing unrest is joined fear of the future. Thus he invites princes and rulers to help forward his grand scheme of insinu-ating himself into the place of dictator of the nations, and obediently enforce his dictates upon the people of the world. THIS communication of " Leo XIII., Pope," was taken up and discussed by the Tribune of this city in a "tone and man-ner" which the Catholic World is "much pleased to acknowledge " as " most re-spectful and amicable." And this fact, the Tribune being Protestant, the Catholic World says "furnishes one of the best arguments which can be adduced in proof of the legitimacy and validity of the claim which the pope makes to be the vicegerent of God on earth and the divinely commis-sioned teacher of the Christian religion to all mankind." The argument is, that if the Tribune and others who speak and act as it does on this subject were really Protestant, they would not show any respect or courtesy to such a document issued upon such claims as is this. But being Protestants and receiving it with its claims " with respect and courtesy," this is declared to be " a powerful proof " that the claims that are made are legiti-mate and valid. We are not real certain but that there may be something in this view of the matter. For when anybody can treat with respect and courtesy a com-munication addressed as this one is, as-serting the supremely ridiculous and blas-phemous claims that this one does, then it would seem that such person really supposed that there might be something in the claim that was worthy of respect and courtesy. And when anybody, pro-fessing to be a Protestant, does suchŁ ..a thing, it would seem that it is not far from a tacit concession of some sort to the legitimacy and validity of the claim. , . IN this same, number of the Catholic World a prominent Catholic describes Seventh-day Adventists as being of 'the last remnants of "consistent Protestant-ism." We are glad that they recogniie even a remnant of consistent Protestant-ism, and we are very glad that they recog-nize us by name as being this remnant. It is therefore doubtless expected by them' thlit we shall not receive this communicaden with any respect or courtesy. 'This,is right. Their expectation is fulfilled,,,so far. Therefore, in closing, we may be allowed to state that we havno like respect for Joachim Pecci as "Leo Pope," addressing the princes and peoples of the universe, and notifying them that he holds " the regency of God on ea.4h," or addressing anybody else in any—etAer way, than we have for, any,e,ther man Who should set forth-  the ridiculous and' lilas- phemous claims thatle-does. The Rights of CatiSaience: THE question of the rights of conscience has been brought very proreinently, opef ore the country by the case of Private Oharles 0. Cedarquist, Company A, Second In-fantry, the particulars of which case are _thus given in the official report, copied in the Congressional Record of August 3, as follows :Š Charge.Š" Disobedience of orders, in violation of the twenty-first article of war." Specification.Š" That Private Charles 0. Cedarquist, Company A, Second Infantry, having been ordered by his superior officer, Second Lieut. Edwin V. Book-miller, Second Infantry, in the execution of his office, to take a rifle and proceed at once with his target practice, did refuse to obey, and did disobey said order. This at Bellevue Rifle Range, Bellevue, Nebr., June 17, 1894." Pleas.Š"In bar of trial." Not sustained by the court. The accused then pleaded " Not guilty." Findings.Š"Guilty." Sentence.Š" To be confined at hard labor under charge of the guard for the period of six months, and to forfeit to the United States $10 per month of his pay for the same period." The defense in this case was " limited to the contention that the order in respect of which disobedience was charged was an unlawful one in that, first, it enjoined a duty to be performed on Sunday in vio-lation of orders and regulations limiting Sunday labor in the Army to the measure of strict necessity; and second, that the act required to be done would have been a violation of section 241 of the criminal code of Nebraska." The view taken of the matter by the court wasŠ That a commanding officer has a discretion under existing orders to require target practice by his com-mand on Sunday in a case of necessity, is undoubted. The evidence in this case fails to fix upon the com-manding officer of Bellevue Rifle Range, Nebraska, any abuse of discretion in the issue of the order com-plained of by the accused. The legality of that order and the obligation of the accused to obey it when duly transmitted to him cannot, in the opinion of the re-viewing authority, be questioned. It was not for him to judge the necessity for the issue of the order. That discretion pertained to his commanding officer, and once exercised, whether erroneously or not, it was the duty of the accused to obey. The sentence of the court-martial was approved by Brig. Gen. Brooke, who, how-ever, commuted it with this remark :Š The sentence is approved, but in view of the peculiar circumstances attending the commission of the offense, Is mitigated to confinement at hard labor for two months at the station of his company. It is desired, however, that it shall be understood that, in view of the warning held out in this order, offenses of the character charged in this case will not in the future be regarded as fitting ones for the exercise of clemency. August 1, Mr. Cedarquist was released by order of the President, communicated in the following telegram:Š Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, August 1, 1894. COMMANDING GENERAL, Department Platte, Omaha, Nebr. :Š The unexecuted portion of the sentence awarded Private Cedarquist, promulgated in General Court-Martial Orders No. 45, current series, from your head-quarters, is this day remitted by the President, and you will cause the man to be released at once. This action, however, is not in any nutnner to be regarded as a justification of the disobedience of orders on the part of the soldier. The officel. who ordered target practice on Sunday, in violation of the order of Pres-. Meat Lincoln, given in November, 1862, must be brought to trial for his disobedience of orders. By order of the Secretary of War, ' GEO. D. RUGGLES, Adjutant-General. Speaking in the House on the 2nd inst., to a resolution asking that the facts of case be laid before Congress, by the War Department, Mr. Grosvenor . of Ohio, said :Š - It appears by the record of the court-martial that on the day in question some officer of the United States 