356 AIVILIEMC.AN S3N-rip VoL. 10, No. 45. [the church] and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the com-mandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ." May the Spirit of Christ open the eyes of our persecutors before it is too late to see that they are fulfilling this prophecy, and may they be led to repent of this work and unite with those of whom it is said: " Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 12: 17, and 14: 12. And if this shall not be, still we can say in the words of the Master, "Father, for-give them, for they know not what they do." Winnepeg, Manitoba. A RESPITE IN GRAYSVILLE. CONTRARY to expectations, a respite has come to the persecuted Adventists in Grays-vine, Tenn., and it is now probable that for some time they will be permitted to live in peace. The following letter tells the story of the disposition of the cases that have been pending in the Dayton court:Š EDITOR SENTINEL: All the cases at Day-ton, Term., are now a matter of history. The last case was settled a few moments ago. All our people are now clear, there being no convictions in the five cases tried, and no new.  indictments. There was one case against E. R. Gillett, one against Wallace Ridgeway, one against N. B. England, and two against E. S. Abbott. Ex-Congressman H. C. Snodgrass and Judge Lewis Shepherd, attorney for the Cincinnati Southern Railroad of Chattanooga, Tenn., volunteered their services in the defense of all our people here, and their influence and arguments had much to do with the favorable results at this court. Hon. Mr. Snodgrass has been in Congress from this State for some time, and Judge Shepherd is one of the most prominent attorneys in the State. They first showed ,that from the nature of the work done it could not be construed to be a "nuis-ance " in the meaning of the law; and that quiet work done without intent to offend can never be a " nuisance" when done on Sunday any more than when done on any other day of the week. Then they entered upon the Sun-day law in no mild manner, showing thor-oughly, though briefly, its evil effects, also showing the origin of Sunday and the mistake of the American courts in forcing its observ-ance upon Christians in the face of the posi-tive command of the Almighty. In doing this they traced the life of Christ and his experience with the Pharisees regarding the Sabbath and its observance, showing that the Pharisees were doing no more then than these people in Rhea County, Tenn., are doing now, who are prosecuting the Adventists be-cause they do not observe the Sabbath accord-ing to their straight-jacketed ideas. The first ease that came up was that of Wallace Ridgeway, who was charged with ceiling a house on Sunday. The jury was out some time and came back once for further instruction on account of one member who was in favor of conviction. They finally came back with the verdict, " not guilty." The next was that of E. R. Gillett, which was dismissed from the docket for lack of a prosecutor. N. B. England's case was then taken up, and two witnesses were used to prove that he sowed oats on Sunday, but they failed to prove the case, as the jury soon rendered a verdict of " not guilty." E. S. Abbott's two cases then remained on the docket and the judge had permitted  them to be carried over on account of Mr. Abbott's absence in Alabama. On motion of Judge Shepherd, with the consent of the attorney general, one case was entered " not guilty," and the costs of the other were se-cured by one of Mr. Abbott's friends. This ends the cases that have been pending in this court for more than a year; and as there are no new indictments, and probably will not be very soon, we can thank God for a temporary relief from persecution at this place. D. W. REAVIS. Dayton, Tenn., Nov. 5. BOARD SCHOOL "BIBLE TEACHING." BY E. J. WAGGONER, M. D. FOR the benefit of those who think that there is no hope for the salvation of children unless they are taught religion in the board schools, we give two incidents that have come under our immediate notice, so that they may see the kind of " religion " that is sometimes taught. One teacher was giving a lesson on the days of the week. Having elicited from the pupils the fact that Tuesday is the third of the week, she asked, " What day do we keep as the Sabbath ?" The reply was, " Sunday." On being asked what day of the week that is, the children replied that it is the first day of the week. Then the teacher continued, "But the Bible says that the seventh day is the Sabbath; why do we not keep that day ? " The children very naturally could see no reason for not doing as the Bible commands, and so the teacher informs them that although the Bible tells us to keep the seventh day, "we" keep the first day instead, because Christ rose from the dead on that day. It is not likely that any member of the board, whether in favor of the "compromise," or zealous for denominational teaching, would find any fault with the above. And that shows what they mean by desiring to have the Bible taught in the board schools. The last thing in the world that they desire, is to have the Bible really taught. If that teacher should teach the Bible just as it reads, in the matter of the Sabbath, and in many other things as well, she would not be able to keep her posi-tion. In the above instance the Bible was squarely ignored. The teacher set forth the undeniable fact that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and then gave the children to understand that it makes no difference what the Bible says, if people choose to do differently. And this is called Bible teaching! The other instance illustrates another phase of so-called " Bible teaching." The lesson for the day was in the eighteenth chapter of Genesis, which begins thus: " And the Lord appeared unto him [Abraham] in the plains of Mamre; and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day." The teacher proceeded to draw on her imagination after this fashion : " Abraham was sitting in his tent door in the evening, resting himself after his hard day's work, and I suppose he was smoking a long pipe to refresh himself; don't you ?" ! ! ! Ignoring the statement that it was " in the heat of the day," the teacher allowed her " warm, ungoverned imagination " to picture the scene as evening; and then, to cap the climax, pictured Abraham, the patriarch and prophet, " the friend of God," smoking a long pipe! Here her imagination seemed to fail her, for she did not represent him as hospitably offering pipes to his heavenly vis-itors, so that they might refresh themselves after their journey. Here we have an illustration of the two  most common methods of "Bible teaching." One is to contradict the scripture statement, or to teach that it is of no importance, and the other is to read a text, and then soar' into the realms of fancy. Perhaps some people may think that it is better to have the Bible " taught" in that way, than that the children should have no " Bible instruction; " but we most emphatically dissent. We think that all who regard the Bible as the sacred word of the living God, will agree with us that it is better to leave the soil of the mind free, than to cumber it with such stuff. " Every word of God is pure; he is a shield unto them that put their trust in him: Add thou not unto his words, lest he reprove thee, and thou be found a liar." Prov. 30: 5, 6. In the foregoing we have looked at the matter only from the Bible point of view. We have not said anything about the impro-priety of leading the children to think that smoking is both decent and healthful, nor the wickedness of making the Bible appear to sanction the pernicious and degrading habit. Of course the children, as well as grown peo-ple, take the imaginings of their Bible teach-ers as being Bible truths. It is worth while, also, to note how indulg-ing one's fancy in regard to the Bible, is at the expense of other things as well. In this instance the teacher's fancy led her wholly to ignore the fact that tobacco is a native of America, and was unknown to the Eastern Continent until about three hundred years ago. Civilization is indebted to barbarism for the tobacco habit. " The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom." This is a truth that is not very much regarded; but it is a fact that the ig-noring of strict Bible truth is a sure way to foolishness in general matters. London, Eng. PROTECTION OF MISSIONARIES. [By G. B. Thompson, missionary to Africa.] THE recent atrocities committed upon the missionaries in Ku-cheng, China, have called forth much comment concerning the duty of protecting missionaries stationed in various countries. It is unquestionably the proper function of nations to protect those who are missionaries. But judging from the tone of the press the idea seems to prevail, that persons are entitled to governmental protection because they are missionaries, and that special exertions should be put forth to avenge their death for this reason. This is a mistake. It is the province of governments to protect their subjects, both at home and abroad, not because they are missionaries, but because they are citizens. They should demand explanation for the looting of a mission station for the same reason that they would that of a private resi-dence, because it is uncivil, and an invasion of the inherent rights of their citizens. It is their duty to restrain mobs whether those being mobbed are Christians or followers of Confucius. The civil law should not punish because the persons molested were mission-aries. The question which concerns the gov-ernment is not the occupation in which they were engaged, but whether or not they were its citizens. They are entitled to the same protection if engaged in secular work as in a religious calling, whether they be Christians or those who profess no religion. Governments are instituted among men to protect individuals, not religions, to secure to all the right to worship, or not to worship, according as their conscience may dictate. They are not to foster one religion more than 