AMERICAN SENTINEL. 373 people can no longer govern themselves, they must be governed in some other way. They must be ruled by a power outside of themselves, and this means the estab-lishment of a monarchy. Either the people must rule themselves, or they must be ruled by a monarch, or civ-ilization must give place to anarchy. Following close upon this dreadful occurrence, comes another similar in kind which throws, if possible, a still more lurid light upon our national prospect. It has been said in defense of these lynchings that they are prompted by a desire to secure that justice which so frequently miscarries in the machinery of the courts. But at the town of Princess Anne, Md., on June 9, a negro, who was under sentence of death by hanging, was taken from the officers by a mob while on his way to the jail, and after being kicked and beaten into insensibility, was hanged in sight of the court house. With such pro-ceedings the securing of justice has nothing to do. The only thing secured or aimed at, in them, is the gratifica-tion of Satanic passion. The innate savagery of human nature easily breaks through the thin veneer of our ,Thristian" civilization. But what is the remedy? The remedy is individual self-government,Šright principles ruling in the heart. For self-government depends not upon some scheme for controlling people in the mass, but upon a power of con-trol exercised by each one over himself. Self-government and individualism stand or fall together. And every combination or "trust" of labor or capital stands as a menace to the continuance of self-government, by its restriction of individual freedom. The purpose of the Creator is that every person shall govern himself; that there shall be, within him, a princi-ple which directs and controls his whole life in harmony with the highest standard of right. If an individual has not this principle within him, it is the purpose of the Creator to supply it, through the provisions of his gospel. Let that gospel with its subduing power over every evil passion, flourish and find free course in all the earth. It constitutes the only safeguard against the evils that threaten society and the individual to-day. Ł IP- A+ -4 Sectarian Appropriations Condemned. AT a meeting of the Washington Secular League, May 31, the subject of "Sectarian Appropriations" was considered, and the following resolutions were unani-mously adopted:Š "WHEREAS, Franklin said, 'A religion that depends on the State for its support is, for that reason, a bad religion;' Jefferson said, `It is wicked and tyrannical to compel any man to support a religion in which he does not believe;' Grant said, 'Keeprhurch and State forever separate,' and Garfield said, The divorce between Church and State should be absolute;' "WHEREAS, Sectarian appropriations wring from un- willing contributors tax-money for supporting sects in,  which they do not believe, and "WHEREAS, The injustice of any religion asking, ac-cepting, or indorsing such unjust sectarian appropria-tions outweighs all its professed charity, thus neutralizing its influence for good; therefore, be it "Resolved, That neither our Federal, State, nor muni-cipal governments should ever hereafter make any secta-rian appropriations whatever. "Resolved, That every church, which, by its silence re-garding these unjust sectarian appropriations virtually consents thereto, thereby stands convicted of indorsing injustice. "Resolved, That reform, like charity, begins at home, and that until these unjust churches reform themselves, they can do but little good elsewhere, and are therefore undeserving of any government aid what-ever." No church, however, can be deserving of government aid, under any circumstances, so long as it is true that Church and State should be kept separate. 4-1- Ł -* Sunday in Rhode Island. THE agitation for stringent Sunday legislation in Providence, R. I., still continues, but an effort is being made to save Sunday diversions and amusements at Roger Williams Park from the prohibitions of the law. Under the present statutes, it is said, " a simple request-for the Chief [of police] to enforce the laws would be suffi- cient to prevent helpful and healthy amusement on the first day, and if the head of the police department was inclined to follow the letter of the law, to stop the run- ning of street-car, steamboats and the like." In the en-deavor to place Sunday enforcement upon a " liberal basis, the following bill was introduced in the legislature May 18:Š SECTION 1. Section 17 of Chapter 281 of the General Laws is hereby amended to read as follows: "SEC. 17. Every person who shall do or exercise any labor or business or work of his ordinary calling on the first day of the week, or suffer the same to be done by hisŁ children, servants or apprentices, works of necessity and charity only excepted, shall be fined not exceeding five-dollars for the first offense and ten dollars for the second,  and every subsequent offense. " Provided that nothing in this section shall be soŁ construed as to prohibit the operation of steamboats, steam or electric railroads, the use of amusements at any public park of any city or town, in the discretion of the lawfully constituted authorities of said park, the publish-ing, selling and delivery of newspapers, or the opening of drug stores whose owners are registered pharmacists. Town Councils and City Councils by virtue of the powers vested in them by Chapter 40, Sections 21 and 22, may in their discretion prohibit the use by any person of any game, sport, play or recreation on the first day of the week. "SEC. 2. All acts or parts of acts inconsistent here-with are hereby repealed. SEC. 3. This act shall take effect immediately." This measure has, it is said, assurance of strong sup- 