JULY 20, 1893. .A_WILE ELI CA,N 1NT 'I'NIT-J1E.,, 227 under the constitution of Tennessee, to maintain that the State has any right to take cognizance of annoyance to the religious feelings or prejudices of anybody, unless the annoyance were of such a character as to properly constitute a breach of the peace. But even the law against breach of the peace is sometimes made to serve the interests of religious intolerance. From 1768 to 1775, Baptists were frequently arrested in Virginia, charged with " dis-turbing the peace." The disturbance con-sisted in holding religious services, bap-tizing by immersion, etc. Rude fellows of the baser sort would gather on these occasions, and being encouraged by the well-known prejudice against the Baptists, if not actually incited to disorder by members of other churches, would indulge in violent demonstrations, hooting and throwing sticks and stones. For this the poor Baptist ministers were arrested and punished on the charge of " disturbing the peace," while their tormenters, the real offenders against civil order, went scot-free. In the Tennessee nuisance case against Adventists the history of religious intolerance is simply repeating itself. American colonial history is exceed-ingly fruitful in illustrations of how re-ligious intolerance has sought to shield itself behind civil considerations, and justify persecutions on the ground of pro-tecting public morals and preserving the peace and dignity of the State. In The Emancipation of Massachusetts," Brooks Adams relates how the clergy of that Colony "used the cry of heresy to excite odium, just as they called their opponents Antinomians, or dangerous fanatics," to stir up the people against them. " Though the scheme was unprincipled," says Mr. Adams, " it met with complete success, and the Antinomians have come down to posterity branded as deadly enemies of Christ and the commonwealth; yet nothing is more certain than that they were not only good citizens, but substan-tially orthodox." Of course the motive of the clergy was wholly religious, yet they made it appear that while they were concerned for what they regarded as the true faith they were equally interested in the welfare of the Colony. Henry Dunster, the first president of Harvard College, did not believe in infant baptism, and for this he was indicted and convicted on the charge of disturbing church ordinances. The disturbance was as real as is the disturbance charged in Tennessee against the Seventh-day Ad-ventistsŠit was all in the minds of those who, having control of legislation, were determined that the civil power should be used in support, to some extent at least, of their tenets. Punster was driven out as an enemy of the commonwealth, and died in poverty and neglect. In 1651, John Cotton denounced certain Baptists as " foul murtherers " because they denied infant baptism. And in " The Emancipation of Massachusetts " page 116, we are told that under the Puritan Commonwealth, the moment a man " refused implicit obedience, or above all, if he withdrew from his con. gregation he was shown no mercy, be-cause such acts tended to shake the tem-poral power." "Therefore," says the same writer, page 118, " though Winslow solemnly protested before the commission-ers at London that Baptists who lived peaceably would be left unmolested, yet such of them as listened to ' foul mur- therers ' were denounced as dangerous fanatics who threatened to overthrow the government, and were hunted through the country like wolves." Similar facts might be given at almost any length both in the history of the American Colonies and in that of England and other countries, but enough has been said to show that religious intolerance ever seeks to hide its hideous face behind some civil law, and to justify its crimes against humanity on the ground of public necessity; but nobody is deceived except the poor bigots themselves. Everybody else knows full well the real motive. C. P. B. Chicago Correspondence. Sunday Opening of the World's Fair Still at Issue. THE Wanamaker suit against the World's Fair Directors, to compel the Sunday closing of the World's Fair still remains undecided. It would seem, from the treatment which it is receiving at the hands of Judge Jenkins, that he is either very much averse to rendering a decision in the case or else considers it a frivolous suit. After the hearing had upon the matter before Judge Jenkins, the decision was withheld until after the return of the judge from a short Fourth of July vaca-tion; but upon taking his seat upon the bench last Friday, he gave no attention to the matter and it was privately given out that no decision would be rendered in less than a week. There is no question of the frivolousness of this litigation as brought by Wanamaker & Brown. It contravenes completely, the previous contention of the Sunday closers and is, in all respects, clearly brought solely for the purpose of continuing the contest and multiplying litigation, if possible, to a wearisome de-gree with the expectation of creating by persistency a change of public opinion and feeling upon the Sunday opening question. In regard to this suit from a legal and business point of view the Chicago Herald says editorially :Š If such a case as this can be maintained there is an end to all directory rule of corporations. When stockholders appoint a board of directors to carry on the business of their company they must abide by the discretion of that-board in the management of the company affairs, and if dissatisfied their only remedy is to change the board in the constituted way. Of course, if fraud appears, that is a differ-ent thing, and in such an event the courts might take cognizance of it, but where doing this or that particular thing is solely a matter of judgment, the stockholders are bound by the judgment of the di-rectors. It would make a nice confusion of affairs if a disgruntled stockholder in a corporation could whenever he chose, haul his directors before the court for doing something that his judgment didn't approve. The directory of a bank might make a loan, and the directory of a railway might lower its rates, the directory of any sort of a corporation might expend money in improvements that in every instance might be injudicious, but could it be tolerated for a moment that this mere matter of discretion could, at the whim of a stockholder, be brought before the court 4 There would be no end of litigation if this were so. Although this Wanamaker suit seems to have scarcely no standing in the court, yet the Sunday opening of the. Fair throughout the entire period of the exist-ence of the Fair is not yet by any means a fixed fact. It has been said in a pre-vious Chicago letter to the SENTINEL that the decision of Judge Fuller and his asso-ciates, in the Court of Appeals, made it certain that the World's Fair would be open on all Sundays of its existence, here-after, but further developments go to show that such is not, by any means, necessa- rily true. The Sunday attendance has not been large and therefore as there is no evident financial gain to be had from Sun- day opening, some of those who previously advocated it are beginning to change front and desire that the Fair be closed. This growing feeling is supplemented by the action of the National Commissioners who have taken up the Sunday closing matter again with considerable vim. Commis-sioners Hundley and Tousley have united in the presentation of a resolution review-ing the question of Sunday closing as it has been previously before the commission and the local board, and containing this paragraph Resolved, That the rule now being enforced by the World's Columbian Exposition for the purpose of opening the gates of the Exposition on the Sab-bath day is in violation of the rule jointly adopted and promulgated by said Exposition and said com-mission, and is being enforced without the consent or authority of the World's Columbian Commis-sion. This resolution is the subject of daily bitter debate at the meetings of the com-mission. What the result of the renewed agitation will be is very uncertain. In the meantime the natural, reasonable and proper solution of the question, presented at the Fair itself, seems to be ignored by all parties to the controversy. The exhib-itors at the Fair follow their own personal choice, whether influenced by conscien-tious scruples or by motives of personal convenience; those who wish to close their exhibits on Sunday do so; and those who desire to hold them open do so; and those who wish to attend the Fair on Sundays may be found there to the number of fifty to seventy-five thousand each Sunday, and at the same time, those who for any reason whatever wish to remain away are not there and feel no necessary compul-sion to be there. That such is the proper solution of such a question, without the intervention of Congress or the courts in any degree seems not to enter into the minds of any interested in the matter. But even if it did at this stage of the pro-ceedings, it would be a futile second thought, for Congress and the courts have committed themselves to the attempt to enforce the Sunday closing and their pro-cedure is upon record irrevocably. The legal and legislative propriety of such a course has been established in such terms that it cannot be hoped that it will ever be repealed or overruled. The Baptist and Methodist meetings are still weekly arenas of debate in condemna-tion of the Directory of the Fair and its Sunday opening measure. The Baptist ministers' last move was to appoint a com-mittee to interview the members of the local board and attempt to secure Sunday closing by one means or another. It is not at all impossible that the storm which swept over the city last Sunday evening doing some slight damage to the buildings and the terrible loss of life at the burning of the cold storage building the next day, will be turned to account as evidences of divine displeasure at Sunday opening. It is well known that a visitation of the Fair by such calamities has been made a sub-ject of prayer and these calamities may very naturally be considered in answer to these petitions. w. H. M. Chicago, July 10. THE Christian can go to prison or to death, but he can not disobey God even at the behest of the greatest of civil powers. His invariable answer must be, " We ought to obey God rather than paen." 