"equal and exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or cersuasion, religious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, AUGUST 3, 1893. NUMBER 31. American Sentinel. PHBLIEHED wirsR BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR; - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EbITORS, 1 ,CALVIN M  BO  A.MLCLLA:. THE professed Protestant Church man-agers of the United States, knowing and confessing that there is no command of God for Sunday observance, and not being willing plainly to acknowledge the au-thority of the Catholic Church, which is the original authority that has com-manded it, and yet desiring to make Sunday observance universal and a na-tional institution in the United States as a duty toward God, were placed in an embarrassing dilemma. They were plainly in great danger of being obliged to go back to Rome. THEY found by experience that the people of the United States are not inclined to accept, as the will of God, the bare statement of church authorities as unques-tioningly as little birds take their food. Besides this, they found a small body of Christian people scattered all over the United States, who, they have said over and over, are exceedingly active and vig-orous in telling the people everywhere, not that Sunday is not the Sabbath, but that the seventh day is ; not only that there is no command of God for observing the first day of the week, but pointing always to the plain command of GodŠ" The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God "Šfor the observance of the seventh day of the week. These things only increased the dilemma. WHAT should be done ? What could be done ? Well, as they knew there was no command of God to keep the first day of the week; and as it was not according to Protestant profession to practice religious observances for which there is no " Thus saith the Lord " ; and above all, as it would not do for them to cite the author-ity of the Catholic Church as of obliga-tion upon the people; to escape their pre-dicament they did this : They took the commandment of God, which says, " The  seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and interpreted it to mean " the first day is the Sabbath," that thus they might have (?) a command of God for Sunday observance. Thus they hoped to find authority by which they could require Sunday observance by the people and so be saved from going back to Rome. BUT lo ! they found that this did not deliver them from their dilemma. Besides their forgetting that to presume to inter-pret the Word of God, is, in itself, to set up the claim of infallibility which leads straight back to Rome anyhow, they found that when they had set the example of interpreting the commandment of God to suit themselves, the people were not slow to follow the example in interpreting the interpretation to suit themselves. Thus their effort to escape proved doubly futile: first, in that their example in in-terpreting the commandment was followed to their detriment; and secondly, in that they had no more power to secure the rec-ognition of their interpretation, than they had before to secure the observance of Sunday without the interpretationŠno more power to secure the observance of Sunday after forcing it into the command-ment of God where it does not belong, than they had before to secure the observ-ance of Sunday as it is, in the command-ment of Rome, where it does belong. Thus their effort to escape the dilemma only increased the difficulty. WHAT next ? Oh, they would have the national Government take up the question, and indorse their side of it as correct, and thus would get the power of the Govern-ment under their control with which to enforce upon the people their interpreta-tion of the commandment of God, and so would effect their purpose to make Sunday observance a national thing as a duty toward God. And they have suc-ceeded, so far as to get the Government to adopt their interpretation of the com-mandment. We have given the threat-ening resolution with which they flooded Congress by which they required Congress to do their bidding. We need not cite that again. But it is proper to print again the result, for the very important fact which it discloses. THE official record is as follows :Š MR. QUAY. ŠOn page 122, line 13, after the word " act," I move to insert:Š "And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the Sabbath-day." The reasons for the amendment I will send to the desk to be read. The secretary will have the kind-ness to read from the Book of Law [this was the BibleŠED.] I send to the desk, the part enclosed in brackets. THE VicE-PRESIDENT.ŠThe part indicated will be read. The secretary read as follows:Š " Remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy ; six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maid-servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates ; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath-day, and hallowed it."ŠCon-gressional Record, July 10, 1892, p. 6614. The discussion of this motion and amend- ment was opened by Senator Manderson, of Nebraska, to the following effect:Š The language of this amendment is, that the Exposition shall be closed on the "Sabbath-day." I submit that if the senator from Pennsylvania desires that the Exposition shall be closed upon Sunday, this language will not necessarily meet this idea  The word " Sabbath-day " simply means that it is a rest day, and it may be Saturday or Sunday, and it would be subject to the discretion of those who will manage this Exposition, whether they should close the Exposition on the last day of the week, in conformity with that observance which is made by the Israelites and the Seventh-day Bap-tists, or should close it on the first day of the week, generally known as the Christian Sabbath. It cer-tainly seems to me that this amendment should be adopted by the senator from Pennsylvania, and, if he proposes to close this Exposition, that it should be closed on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. . . . Therefore I offer an amendment to the amend-ment, which I hope may be accepted by the senator from Pennsylvania, to strike out the words "Expo-sition on the Sabbath-day," and insert "mechanical portion of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday."ŠId., July M, p. 6694. This amendment to Senator Quay's amendment, as far as it inserted " the first day of the week commonly called Sunday," in place of " the Sabbath day," was adopted, and all further proceeding was conducted upon no other basis than that " the first day of the week commonly called Sunday " is the Sabbath, and that as such its observance is due to God. 