346 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. enunciated are in striking contrast with the argument of the religio-political statesmen of to-day. The following sum-maries are from Elliot's "Debates on the Federal Constitution?': "In the Convention on Thursday [Janu-ary. 31.j  1188], on the. sixth article which provides that 'no religious test shall ever be required as:a qualification to any office,' etc., several gentlemen: -urged that it Was a departure from the principles of, our forefathers, who came here for, the preser-vation of their religion; and that,it would admit deists, atheists, etc., into the general Government; and, people "Łbeing apt to imitate the examples of the court; -these:  principles would be disseminated, and,', of course, a corruption of morals ensue. Gentlemen on the other side applauded the liberality of the clause, and represented in striking colors, the impropriety, and almost impiety, of the requisition of a test, as practiced in Great Britain, and else-where. " In this conversation, the following is the substance of the observations of the--, REV. MR. SHUTE: Mr. President, to object to the latter part of the paragraph under consideration, which excludes a religious test, is, I am sensible, very popular; for the most of men, somehow, are rigidly tenacious of their own sentiments in religion and disposed to impose them upon others as the standard of truth. If, in my sentiments upon the point in view, I should differ from some in this honorable Convention, I only wish from them the exercise of that candor, with which true religion is adapted to inspire the honest and well-disposed mind. To establish a religious test as ,a qualification for offices in the proposed Federal Constitution, it appears to me, sir, would be attended with injurious consequences to some individuals, and with no ad-vantage to the whole. By the injurious conse-quences to individuals, I mean that some who, in every other respect, are qualified to fill some im-portant post in Government, will be excluded by their not being able to stand the religious test, which I take to be a privation of part of their civil rights. Nor is there to me any conceivable advantage, sir, that would result to the whole front such a test. Unprincipled and dishonest men will not hesitate to subscribe to anything that may open the way for their advancement, and put them into a situation the better to execute their base and iniquitous de. signs. Honest men alone, therefore, however well qualified to serve the public, would be excluded by it, and their country be deprived of the benefit of their abilities. In this great and extensive empire, there is, and will be, a great variety of sentiments in religion among its inhabitants. Upon the plan of a religious test, the question, I think, must be, Who shall be excluded from national trusts? Whatever answer bigotry may suggest, the dictates of candor and equity, I conceive, will be, None. Far from limiting my charity and confidence to men of my awn denomination in religion, I suppose, and I believe, sir, that there are worthy characters among men of every denominationŠamong the Quakers, the Baptists, the Church of England, the Papists, and even among those who have no ;liter guide 'in the way to virtue and Heaven than the dictates of natural religion. I must therefore think, sir, that the proposed plan of Government, in this particular, is wisely consti-tuted; that, as all have equal claim to the blessings of the Government under which they live, and which they support, so none should be excluded from. them for being of any particular denomination in religion, The presumption is, that the eyes of  the people will be upon the faithful in the land; and, from a regard, to their own safety, they will choose for their rulers men of known abilities, of known probity, of good moral characters. The Apostle Peter tells us that " God is no respeeter persons, but, in every nation, he that feardli him, and worketh righteousnesS, is acceptable to him," , And I know of no reason why men of such a char. stater, :in a community of whatever denomination in "_ religion; cceteris paribys, with other suitable quali- Ł fications, should not be 'acceptable to the people, and why they may not' be employed by them with safety and advantage in the important office of Gov-eminent, The eXclusion of a religious test in the'  proposed Constitution, therefore, dearly appears to me, sir, to be in layer of its adoption. " Colonel Jones (of Bristol) thought that, the rulers ought _to believe in God or Christ, and, that however a test may be prostittited in England, yet he thought if our public men were to be of those who had a good standing in the church, it would be happy for the United States, and that a person could not be a good man without being a good Christian. . . . "Colonel Jones said that one of his prin-cipal objections was the omission of a, re-ligiouS test. REV. MR. PAYSON: Mr. President, after what has been observed relating to a religious test, by gentle-men of acknowledged abilities, I did notexpect that it would again be mentioned as an objection to the proposed Constitution that such a test 'vas not re-quired as a qualification for office. Such were the abilities and integrity of the gentlemen who con-structed the Constitution, as not to admit of the presumption that they would have betrayed so much vanity as to erect bulwarks and barriers to the throne of God. Relying on the candor of this Convention, I shall take the liberty to express my sentiments on the nature of a- religious test, and shall endeavor to do it in such propositions as will meet the approbation of every mind. The great object of religion being God supreme, and the seat of religion in man being the heart or conscience, i. e., the reason God has given us, em-ployed on our moral actions, in their most important consequences, as related to the -tribunal- of God; hence, I infer that. God alone is God of the con-science, and, consequently, attempts to erect human  tribunals for the consciences of men are impious encroachments upon the prerogatives of God. Upon these principles, had there been a religious test as a qualification for office, it would, in my opinion, have been a great blemish upon the instrument.* Rev. Dr. Backus,= the New England his-torian, also delivered the following in the same Convention, On Monday, February 4 :Š REV. MR. BAcKus: Mr. President, I have said very little to this honorable Convention; but now beg leave to offer a few thoughts upon some points in the Constitution proposed to us, and. I shall begin with the exclusion of any religious test. Many appear to be much concerned about it; but nothing is more evident, both in reason and the Holy Script-ures, than that religion is ever a matter between God and individuals ; and, therefore, no man or men can impose any religious test without invading the essential prerogatives of our Lord Jesus Christ. Ministers first assumed this power under the Chris-tian name; and then Constantine approved of the practice, when he adopted the profession of Chris-tianity as an engine of State policy. And let the history of all nations be searched from that day to this, and it will appear that the imposing of re-ligious tests has been the greatest engine of tyranny in the world: And I, rejoice to :see so many gentle-men who are now giving in their rights of conscience * Elliot's " Debates on the Federal Constitution," ii, 117-120. in this great and important matter. Some serious minds discover a concern lest if all religious tests should be excluded, the Congress would hereafter establish popery or some other tyrannical way of worship. ,But it is most certain that no such way of worehip-can be established withbut any religious teats.* As .Ła result of the unselfish labors of these liberal Christian ministers, united with the great statesmen _of the times, our Nation to-day has the secular -theory of Government established upon a firm foun-dation ; and this liberal Christian theory is silently influencing, the world. Every government on earth feels its effects; and as a result all religions -are tolerated more or less by nearly every government on the face of the earth. These liberal principles are the outgrowth of the doctrines taught by Christ and put into our national politi-cal system by the joint efforts of liberal Christian ministers and philosophical statesmen, and the good done to religion and humanity will be an everlasting mon-ument to those noble men whose efforts were not put- forth in vain. Seeking Improvements. THE Christian Advocate has the follow-ing excellent note, upon Christianity and those who imagine that it is their mission to improve upon it :Š Certain modern thinkers are diligently applying their minds to the task of improving Christianity. They consider it a development, According to their theory, Paul was far in advance of Isaiah, but far behind the religious teachers of this age. They be-lieve that every thinker adds some new ideas and elements to the accumulating truth. And now they have set themselves to find some crudity of Christian doctrine which they may cut off, and some new phase of Christian thought never pub-lished before. Instead of searching for the truth in Christianity, they are searching for it in their own brain and proposing to add to the Christian system something new. Some things cannot be improved by any manipulation or thinking of ours. They are the same yesterday, to-day, and forever. The atmosphere cannot be improved. The glory of sun-light cannot be increased. It is ours to let it into our dwellings and nse it. The light that shines from the gospel can never be made fuller and brighter and clearer than it is now. It gives a light to every age; It gives, but borrows none. The people thus described by the Advo-cate must be pretty closely related to the National Reformers, who propose, not in-deed to improve upon original Christian-ity, but to improve upon the Saviour's method of evangelization. Christ com-missioned-'his people to preach the gospel in all nations, and assured them that by that means a people should be gathered out and saved; but the National Reformers regarding that method as too slow for this age of railroads and telegraph, propose to con=vert whole States and nations by legis-lative enactment and constitutional amend-ments, and thus not gather out a few comparatively who shall be 'saved; but entire peoples. Surely they are controlled by, the same master-mind that inspires * Elliot's "Debates on the Fedora 1 Constitution," ii, 148, 149. 