X34 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. A long dark night in the history of earth was brought to an end by the Puritan Exodus and the birth of the United States. "The Dark Ages" is not a mere fanciful term, nor is it a misnomer. It is the expression of the truth concerning the time to which the name is.applied. People had sat in dark despair, and their inborn sense of manhood and womanhood had been outraged to such an extent by. the kings who ruled over them ,that at times it seemed that it would become extinct forever. The -Great Reformation of the sixteenth century had brought the golden gleams of the better morn; but the bright effulgence of the day was not ushered in until the time of the American Revolution. That Providence was deeply concerned in the founding of the, United States there can be no ques-tion. The frail colonies which have grown into the asylum for the oppressed of every land were not too insignificant for-the watchcare of the Most High. Whatever may be said about the Puritans no one can deny that a deep religious fervor underlaid all that they did. It is beyond question that they came to this land for religious purposes; it is beyoed question that they fled from religious oppression. They came to establish a nation in which principles of truth and purity should reign. They came to found a new Canaan where God might be worshipped according to the dictates of conscience, and where the op-pressed of every land might find a resting place for their weary souls and bodies. Some of their ideals may not have been realized. Some of their ideals. may be absolutely impossible in this earth of perfect realization. But this' much must ever be conceded, that America has become through them and those who have followed a place of refuge for the' weary and the oppressed of every land on earth; and to God we pray to-day that this nation may not now put out its light, for should this dire deed be done, " then unto what' nation can struggling humanity look, for hope and inspiration?" Physically and geographically God separated the United States from all the great powers of earth. He did so with a purpose. He set her off alone be-tweed the twin oceans that in spirit and in life, as well as in body, she might be separated from the age-worn iniquities of Europe, and that she might be untramelled in working out the good which he placed her in the earth to' do. P. T. MAGAN. WHATGod hath separated let not man unite. CHRISTIANITY AND JUDAISM. - THE Rev. Joseph Cook, of Boston, in one of his famous Monday noon lectures, said: " We hear of protection for tin, wool, coal, salt, etc., but where is protection for Christianity? " As a Christian, Mr. Cook ought to have known that 'all the protection that Christianity needs is in the almighty power of its divine Author. The S:ripture, speaks of a people in the last days who will have 'a': form of godliness, but deny the power thereof. The whole National Reform scheme is a fulfillment of this prophecy. It is'not always so plainly admitted as in the quota-tionŁ from Mr. Cook, but admitted or not, it is ever the thought of the religio-politician that Christianity must have proteCtion from the state, and that it can not compete with the forces of evil and successfully do its work without such, protection. What could be a greater denial of the power of God in Chris-tianity itself than such,  an appeal to 'a human power to enable Christianity to do its work? Christianity's Triumph Without Protection." The veriest beginner' in Christian history well knows that for centuries Christianity did &its work and ..triumph gloriously over all,, the forces of evil, not only without any protection from any earthly state, but with the powers of earth arrayed in direct hostility to it. It was in those victorious days that the prophet represents Christianity as crowned and seated upon a white horse, going forth conquering and to con-quer. Without the aid of any human power, in a feW years Christianity overspread the world, and had converts everywhere, even in king's palaces. It made the monarch of the Roman world tremble on his throne, for, he clearly saw that Christianity meant the sacredness of individual human rights and the, glorification of manhood, and therefore the death of all despotism. These facts being well known to all, it must be that those who believe that.now Christianity must have state protection in ()icier to triumph, either deny that Christianity has now the power that it once had, or they assert that the forces that are arrayed against it now are greater than they then were. It were well, then, for all to beCome familiar with the forces that Christianity found arrayed against itself in those days when it stood alone so victoriously. These forces were chiefly represented by Judaism, Paganism and Orientalism. The conflict 