AMERICAN SENTINEL. 749 without at the same time discarding hisŁallegiance to God. God's government on the earth is not now what it was in till beginning, when the earth and man were cre-ated. It is the same in principle, but it is different in form. This change in form was made necessary by the fall. When sin came into the world, man became in his very nature contrary to God and prone to violate the laws upon which God's government is established. God then withdrew his visible presence from men, because, having become sinners, they could not dwell with him and live. No sin can abide in God's presence. Instead, then, of having God as a visible ruler and source of authority, men had only themselves for visible rulers, and were obliged to set up some government of their own. Yet for a long time they acknowledged that God was the real ruler, and that their earthly rulers were but acting in the capacity of God's agents. Finally, however, in the days of the mighty hunter, Nimrod, they disclaimed God as their ruler, and set up in-dependent governments of their own. Acknowledging no higher ruler than the state, they virtually put the state in the place of God; and in process of time earthly rulers came to be deified and worshiped as gods. This would not have happened if men had maintained their allegiance to God's government, as still set up on the earth in the realm of conscience. The governments of the earth have no 'rightful concern with conscience. They cannot have, because they are administered by finite, sinful men, and are in no way fitted to direct con-science. They are fitted, however, to maintain the rights of individuals, so that people can live in the enjoyment of peace and civil liberty; and in so doing these govern-ments are in perfect harmony with the government of God. But when they try to dictate to the consciences of men, they usurp the place of God's government, and set up finite, sinful man as a being to be worshiped. To allow freedom of conscience is to recognize that there is a higher government on the earth than . the civil governments, the government of God. To interfere with this right is to interfere with God's government, and also to turn civil government out of its proper channel, and bring it to a disastrous end. Books Slightly Damaged at Greatly Reduced Prices. Oun damaged Bible Readings of the $2 style are all gone, but we have some of the following named books in the same condition which we will sell at price given:Š Regular Price. Postpaid. Bible Readings, gilt, - $2.50 - $1.50 Great Controversy, gilt, 2.75 - 1.75 Patriarchs and Prophets, gilt, 2.75 - 1.75 A full list of slightly damaged books, together with complete catalogue of publications, will be sent free on application. Send for them. 11.- O.-. -4 4  Sentinel Clubbing List. SENTINEL and Chicago Inter Ocean  $1.50 SENTINEL and New York Tribune  1.75 SENTINEL and Cosmopolitan  1.85 SENTINEL and Iowa Homestead  1.75 SENTINEL and Rural New Yorker  1.75 SENTINEL and Signs of the Times (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Review and Herald (new subs.) 2.00 SENTINEL and Youth's Instructor (new subs.) 1.50 SENTINEL and Good Health (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Missionary Magazine  1.25 SENTINEL and Dumb Animals  1 25 TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other b.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE HAVE you noticed the splendid offer made on last page for the SENTINEL one year, and the new Premium Bible? Read it and take advantage of it before too late. MRS. A. M. MANTZ, of Keota, Ia, a warm friend of the SENTINEL almost since its first issue, writes : "Please change our address from Des Moines to this place where we have lately moved. God bless the SENTINEL as a beacon light to liberty and a defense against the mistakes of the mistaken." International Religious Itiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, .30 IL 64 Three " - .23  ADDRIES8, ArIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York. 