650 AMERICAN SENTINEL. what guarantee has any South American country that on some fine day the American eagle will not pounce down upon it and annex it, for 'humanitarian' reasons? Consequently everything looking like North American intervention in South American affairs meets with oppo-sition. A few days since a telegram announced that Bolivia had asked, or would ask, the intervention of the United States in her question with Brazil touching boundaries. Immediately the press of Chili sounded a note of energetic protest, and the Bolivian Minister in Chili hastened to deny the report. It was but a straw, but it shows the direction of the wind. "A few months ago an interview with Mr. Cecil Rhodes, of South Africa, was telegraphed to Buenos Ayres papers. In it he prophesied that before the end of the next century all -South America would belong to the United States, and that it is a consummation de-voutly to be wished. The leading Buenos Ayres daily, in commenting on the interview, said that of course such statements would be laughed at, or severely cen-sured by the press of the United States, for the idea was too ridiculous to be taken seriously. However, I have not seen any such censure in the American press, but on the contrary many references to Rhodes's idea as an indication of the favor with which our growing power is looked upon by a far-seeing statesman. Already it would seem that the thougbt of empire has so influenced the public mind that the wild vikions of the South African leader are looked upon as not improbable of realization. "Is the change in the attitude of the vast number of the American people who sustain expansion one that is likely to conduce to an extension of the principles for which we have stood, and to enhance confidence in our profession of faith in popular government and the Tights of man?" • I.- Ł -4 4 Sunday Rest Agitation in South Carolina. BY I. E. KIMBALL. IT has been my privilege of late to listen to a lecture given in the interests of Sunday rest, and for the enforce-ment of Sunday laws. The lecturer, Edw. Thompson, LL. D., is a leading man in the "Sunday League of America," and is to give, under the auspices of that League, thirty-five lectures in this State. He is a pleasant speaker, a lawyer-preacher, and is of course received with open arms by most of the pastors, and heartily welcomed into their pulpits. I listened to his lectures at Summerville, S. C., given in the M. E. church, Aug. 29. The weather was some-what rainy, and so comparatively few were in attend-ance. He, however, made a fair beginning here, prom-ising a return to complete an organization. The lecturer began by citing the first general order of George Washington given to the army in '76, requir-ing a release from Sunday tail; he then ran rapidly over the Constitution of the United States, pointing out that the President is not requiredoto attend to legislation on  that day; and that in the call for the assembly of Con-gress Sunday is recognized, and its recognition has extended out into all the ramifications of our laws. He then drew the conclusion that every man should have the right to keep Sunday guaranteed to him as well as it is to the President. He cited the conditions in Mexico, where no Sunday laws exist; showing the horrible "profanation" of the day,Šhow all stores are kept open and the day is given to dancing, shows, horse racing, and bull-fights. Toilers groan there seven days in the Week, he said. So it is in France; even all elections are held, and must be held, on Sunday, whether local or national. Then the spectacles of the theaters and the shows come principally upon that day. He drew a very strong con-trast between the citizens of Paris and of London, and inquired whether we should admit all peoples and all such customs to come among us. Shall we, in fine, maintain the Anglo-Saxon Sunday rest? He gave figures to show that Sunday labor had increased fifty-six per cent. amongst us in the last six years and sought to show that it is uncalled for and moreover will bring ruin to the Republic. When China stretched a wall along her northern boundary to keep out the foreigners and maintained her antipathy against all foreign customs, she stood firmly for ages; now she totters to her fall. So when Ro.me maintained distinct Romanism, she stood firmly; but when she admitted all nations and customs, she soon lost all. So if we do not maintain our Anglo Saxon traditions we shall fail. He showed the Sunday newspaper to be unnecessary and how the two Sunday papers lately started in Lon-don could not exist in that city. Sunday trains were likewise shown to be unnecessary, also Sunday mails, and not patronized by the best and busiest men. He said nothing about the enforcement of Sunday rest by statute law. The League seems to be working in a peculiarly taking way. The fact that Sunday is slipping back into its native holidayism is strongly set forth. The speaker touched upon the law of the fourth commandment of the decalogue, emphasizing with much force, the thought couched in the word, "remember." But the readers of the SENTINEL know that that law has reference to another day to be kept for a different reason than that assigned for first day keeping. The leaders in this work say little Or nothing at first about legal enforcement of the day, but bring in their literature at once to explain this. They have a series of leaflets, four hundred pages of which are given for a dollar, and this purchase also entitles one to a life membership certificate as a member of the League. This work seems to be moving forward very rapidly in every State. Catholics are ranging themselves with Protestant divines in getting this reading into the homes of the people. They are arranging committees in all churches where even a few will take up the work, 