218 AMERICAN SENTINEL.. tire "inspired ; " the character, as allegorical or other-wise, of many statements; etc., etc.Šall of these matters and many like them have been and are still being threshed over in a spirit of decidedly hostile criticism by many writers. * THE latest conspicuous clerical attempt to weaken the Bible has been made by "Rev." Lyman Abbott, who occupies the pulpit formerly filled by the famous Henry Ward Beecher. Mr. Abbott has officially stated that he does not believe the narrative of Jonah and the whale. There was no particular reason, apparent on the surface, why Mr. Lyman Abbott should have chosen a certain occasion to disavow belief in this story. As far as known he had not been asked by anybody whether he believed it or not. Certainly there were plenty more things in the Bible about which a man of his intelligence might have talked in the pulpit besides Jonah and his adventure. It is hardly conceivable that the reverend gentleman had exhausted all other texts, or his ability to deal with them to the edification of his hearers. Why Jonah and the whale just now? THERE is an answer to this question which is plausi-ble enough to consider, if it be not very creditable to the gentleman in question. It is a fact that among the nu-merous evils which the cheapness of publication and the development of sensational journalism have brought upon mankind, the cultivation of a morbid craving, after notoriety is one of the worst. The desire to have one's name knownŠto be talked aboutŠof course existed and played its part in human action from the beginning. But before the printing press, came this desire could no t have more than a comparatively limited gratification. At present, if one does anything, curious or remarkable, or out of the way, next morning millions of men will be eagerly discussing the affair in all its phases, and thou-sands will avail themselves of the first opportunity to seeŠand, if he is a preacher, to hearŠthe man who, under other conditions, would neither know nor care anything whatever about him. THE human mind is so constituted that nothing seems to it more curious and remarkable than to find a man discrediting his own calling. If a very prominent allopathic physician, for example, were to suddenly "come out" in an "interview" repudiating all the stand-ard works of his profession, denying their statements, denouncing their theories, condemning their advice, and yet continue to practice according to his chosen system, people would certainly like to read all about it, and he would be covered with cheap "glory" of the modern news-paper sort. It is just the same way with a preacher who repudiates the Bible or impeaches its authority, and still goes on preaching. Every one recognizes this as a re-markable phenomenon In the world of mind. The man's  words acquire an importance that is largely factitious, the dailies print them with flaming head-lines, and the free advertising thus obtained is nearly-co-extensive with civilization. OUR friend' "Bob Ingersoll" goes around the country lecturing on "Why I Am An Agnostic." But the good-natured colonel labors under an hallucination when he imagines that very many persons care a particle to learn why he is an agnostic. There are plenty of agnostics outside the churches, and, for that matter, such may be found, occasionally, in some pews of a Sunday. No doubt all of them have reasons sufficient to themselves for being agnostics. An agnostic outside of the church is not sufficiently rare to be interesting. Even an agnostic in his pew on Sunday may be explainable. But an ag-nostic in a Christian pulpit is indeed a great curiosity and mystery. * POSSIBLY it was a mere coincidence. But very soon after the "Associated Press" and the "United Press" had flashed to San Francisco and Europe the information that the Rev. Lyman Abbott did not believe the story of Jonah and the whale and was anxious for us all to know it, the Rev. Lyman Abbott went forth to lecture. A man of his position would probably draw a fair audience if he appeared under competent auspices, in a large city, p urely on his merits.. But, coming as he did to a southern town, in the character of an independent Bible critic, who had just been preaching Ingersollism in his own church, he commanded at least ten times as much attention as he could possibly have gotten had he arrived unheralded save by the paid announcements of his proposed lectures in the advertising columns of the newspapers. * * * THE reverend gentleman said nothing new in the course of his lectures, and did not, according to the dis-patches, put the old truths of life and death and sin and suffering and redemption in any specially forcible or striking way. Only one remark seems to call for notice. It is reported that he proclaimed it to be the duty of government to find out what is the will of God, and to enact that will into laws ! This is the political philoso-phy at present accepted by a class of profound thinkers out in the grand old State of Kansas, and they are now trying their very best to apply their theories to the work of practical legislation. The first step in this direction has been the introduction of a bill whereby it is "enacted by the legislature of Kansas : Thou shalt have no other gods before me " ! and so on, through the rest of the Decal ogue. * THE Rev. Lyman Abbott would admit at once the absurdity if not the blasphemy of such a legislative act ...HS this, were it brought to his attention. Yet it is noth- 