011 '41061 Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7ef arson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JANUARY 15, 1891. NUMBER 3. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY TEE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. WHEN there are persons to be found, who form an exception to the apparent unanimity of the world, on any subject, it is always probable that dissentients have something worth hearing to say for them-selves, and that truth will lose something by their silence.ŠJohn Stuart Mill. Ł Ł THE struggle for religious liberty was already begun when the Apostles Peter and John stood before the Jewish coun-cil of elders and rulers, and declared, " whether it be right, in the sight of God, to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye; for we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard."ŠEarly Struggles for Religious Liberty..  IF the Protestants are not careful they will find the public schools Romanized to the entire satisfaction of the Vatican. Be satisfied with the family, church and Sun-day school. If these will not preserve your religion, you are in a bad way. This agitation for the Bible in schools and religious teaching, are aids to the Roman conspiracy to capture and destroy the schools that teach American youth to think.ŠLoyal American. Ł * A CORRESPONDENT of the Independent quotes Rev. H. T. Miller, pastor of the Fifth Presbyterian Church, of Chicago, as follows upon the question of the Bible in the public schools: " The Bible is the most inflammable wood in the public schools, A Bibleless school is not Ilt3ces- sarily a godless school. The Church will attend to the religious work. The school is not the best place in which to teach the Bible. I say this though there is 'not a chapter or verse that is not written in gold in my heart and mind. The American people want fair play. Therefore take the Bible out and give the tax-payers their rights." Is There Nothing Selfish in This? THE third article published by Mr. Crafts in his series in the Christian States-man is under the inquiry, " Are Sabbath laws consistent with liberty ?" and he claims that they are not only consistent with it but essential to it; to civil liberty, religious liberty, and personal liberty. He says that centuries ago the Dark Ages were suddenly lighted up with the watch-word "Religious Liberty," and that this meant to those that raised it, liberty to die that others might have liberty to pray, and that " there is nothing selfish in that." Then he says that this sent along another watchword, " Civil Liberty," and that this meant " liberty, to die in resisting ty-rants, that succeeding generations might have the liberty of self-government," and "there's nothing selfish in that." And now, Mr. Crafts in his Sunday-law cam-paign, professes to be sounding forth the ,true notes of the other watchword " Per-sonal Liberty." But where has there been in all his Sunday-law career any manifestation of the liberty to die that others might have any benefit from anything that he does or pro-, poses ? Why, he does not even exercise the liberty to talk an hour, not even on Sunday, without a previous guarantee of ten dollars in cash, and it must be spot cash, too! And " there is nothing selfish in that," oh, no ! That is a personal liberty. But if a poor man should work all day on Sunday for $1.50 or $2.00 to obtain the necessary means to support his needy fam-ily, that is such a heinous crime that he must be visited by a penalty of a hundred d9llars' fine, the half of it with his earnings  to go to the spying loafer who will prose-cute him. And " there is nothing selfish in that." No, no ; all that is personal lib-erty ! Next, he criticises the New York World for saying that " the State has nothing to do with the sanctity of Sunday except' to protect every citizen equally in his rights to use the holiday as seems best to him," and says that such a principle " brings pleas-ure to the theatre-goers and toil to the actors who have repeatedly pleaded for their rest-day." Yes, and the " Pearl of Days " says that the saloon-keepers also have pleaded for their rest-day. Now, it is one of the fundamental principles in the argument of the Sunday-law advocates that the object of the Sabbath is to give physical rest in order that the individual might be better prepared for work on the other six days of the week. This argues that all occupations are equally meritori-ous, and that it is proper that the actors, the saloon-keepers, the gamblers and all such shbuld be granted a day of rest to re-cuperate their wasted energies in order that they may be better fitted for their several occupations through the other days or nights of the week. Next he says :Š Plucky Mayor Rankin of Elizabeth, New Jersey, enunciated a great principle in connection with his recent enforcement of the Sabbath law, when he said that the persons who keep their places closed on Sabbath are done an injustice by those who are permitted to remain open. The personal liberty of one man often means the Sunday slavery of a dozen competitors who would prefer to close. That is to say : That a man who wants to close his place of business and keep Sunday, cannot do it because he is afraid he will lose a chance on a few cents. And therefore this chance must be secured to him by compelling everybody else to do as he wants to do. And " there is nothing selfish in that," of course. Again, this argues that the man who wants to keep Sunday and be religious, is willing to enjoy his religion if he can be assured by the Nation that it shall not cost him anything. And " there is nothing selfish in that." No, no. 