58 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. teaching touching upon religion or mor-als; it is essential that a motive be pre-sented. In all instruction some principle or principles must be recognized, morals Must have a- sanction: religion, an incen-tive:" What then are the principles which are to sustain, and what the motive which is. to re-enforce this teaching of common morals, this teaching of natural religion? 44 distinguished lecturer leaves us not in the dark upon this important question. He declares it to be 3. " the principles of ordinary utilita,  rian prudence" The briefest and easiest understood definition of utilitarianism is selfishness. In making this the sanc-tion of common morals, and the in-centive to natural religion, it must be confessed that Mr. Cook is strictly logical. As we have seen, common morals is that standard of morality which is common to the great mass of the people : and it being easier to do that which it is natural to do, the great mass of people will always be found to be doing thus. Therefore, it is perfeetly proper to present the principles of ordinary selfishness as the sanction of common morals and the incentive to nat-ural religion. For that is precisely what selfishness is. It is the root and the off-spring of every grade of common morals or natural religion. And all this Mr. Cook and his " usual great " and applauding Boston audience, would have taught in the public schools ! And to make sure that it shall be forever taught they demand that an amendment to the United States Constitution shall be adopted making it an essential part of the curriculum of the public schools throughout the Nation. This they insist must be a part of the public school system of the United States. At the same time they loudly complain of the Roman Catholic opposition to the public school system, and severely condemn them for not sending their children to the public schools ! We do not assent to any Roman Catholic doctrine, nor do we agree with the Roman Catholic- view of the public school question; 'but we are perfectly free to say that if the doctrine set forth by Joseph Cook on this question were a part of the public school system, in any State, then not only the Roman Catholic but everybody else who has any respect for true religion or any care for his child, would not only be justified in keeping his child away from such schools, but would be also justified in denouncing the system every-where as essentially evil and utterly un-worthy of any recognition whatever. The only effect such teaching could ever have upon youth would be only for worse and worse. Whatever may be said of the Roman Catholic system, or the Roman Catholic practice, Roman Catholi-cism certainly has yet this to its credit, that at least in the theory it holds to a higher idea of morals and religion than  that which is so confidently set forth by the Boston Monday lectureship. That such views should be set forth as representing the Christian religion, is not by any means the least of the evils of Mr. Cook's theory. Let it become generally understood, as Mr. Cook distinctly teaches, that the Christian religion is a "natural" production; that Christian morals is "purely natural;" that "the character of Christ " " contains the organizing prin-ciples " only of a " scheme of natural morals ;" and nature worship and natural-ism will come in, in such a flood as to sweep away the last vestige of genuine morals and true religion. No avowed enemy of Christianity ever attributed to it a baser character than that which the Boston Monday lectuier gives it in the lectures of 1889. Yet, says Mr. Cook, " it is = very gener-ally conceded," that this view of morals and religion may be taught in the public schools. It is probably true that this is conceded to a much greater extent than is generally supposed; but that it is "very generally " so outside of Boston, is more than we are yet prepared to believe. However, to whatever extent it is con-ceded, it is only a startling evidence of the low level to which the popular idea of religion is descending. It is but natural that those who hold such views of religion should expect to propagate it by the natural powerŠthe State. A. T. J. Queer Christians. The Mail and Express insists that the late political campaign, in Salt Lake City, for the power of the city government, was a contest between Mormons and Christians. It calls the successful ticket " the Christian ticket." The result it magnifies as a "Christian victory." And in its pean, it says:Š It is as remarkable as creditable that the disturb-ances of the peace were so few and slight; but the leaders on both sides were determined to control their own forces and keep them from violence, and on the side of the Christians there was ample pro-vision of deputy marshals, detectives and special police for the prevention of any considerable amount of either fraud or disturbance. That doesn't look as though these " Christians " were much better than other people. When it comes about that "provision of deputy marshals, detec-tives, and special police " must be made to prevent Christians from committing " any considerable amount of either fraud or disturbance," then the fewer of such Christians as that there are in the world the better. And even then, it seems that the intention was only to prevent any considerable amount of fraud or disturb-ance ! as though small or an inconsider-able amount of either were perfectly com-patible with the Christian profession! We do not for a moment suppose that those who ran the anti-MOrmon Cam- paign considered that they were doing so as Christians or that Christianity entered to any extent into the contest. We only notice the facility with which Col. Elliot F. Shepard manufactures Chris-tians. This is perfectly consistent with the theory and methods of the American Sunday Law Union, of which he is presi-dent. It is another strong reminder of the times of the fourth century when fraud and violence were commendable if only committed in defence of orthodoxy. The Puritan Idea. IN Dr. Herrick Johnson's address on " Suriday newspapers," which has been circulated widely as a campaign document by the abettors of religious legislation, occurred the words, "Oh, for a breath of the old Puritan," meaning that what the speaker wanted was a return to Puritan habits and customs. In the recent anfival meeting of the Iowa Sabbath Convention, Mr.' Gault said that what was wanted in Iowa was a wave of Puritanism. From these and other expressions we learn that the Puritan idea of government is the model for National Reformers of whatever stripe. A few quotations from a standard work may enable those who are interested' to know just what kind of government a Puritan government would be. In a late work by Professor Fisk, of Harvard Col-lege, entitled, " The Beginnings of New England," is the following in connection with the account of the exodus of the Puritans from Holland :Š All persons who came to Holland and led decorous lives there; were protected in their opinions and customs. By contemporary writers in other countries this eccentric behavior of the Dutch Government was treated with unspeakable scorn. " All strange religions flock thither," says one : " It is a common harbor of all heresies, a cage of un-clean birds," says another; "The great mingle-mangle of all religions," says a third. In spite of the relief from persecution, however, the Pilgrims were not fully satisfied with their new home. The expiration of the truce with Spain might prove that this relief was only temporary, and, at any rate, complete toleration did not fill the measure of ;their wants, Had they come to Holland as scattered bands of refugees, they might have 'been absorbed into the Dutch population, as Huguenot refugees have been absorbed in Germany, England, and America. But they had come as an organ-ized community, and absorption into a foreign nation was something to be dreaded. They wished to preservei  their English speech and English tradi-tions, keep up their organization and find some favored spot where they could lay the comer-stone of a great Christian State. This language is not written in any spirit of captious criticism. The author manifests., a spirit of fairness, and writes in an impartial manner, simply giving historical facts. That he did not charge the Puritans with inconsistency is 'seen from the following, which very clearly sets forth the Puritan idea:Š It is worth while to inquire what were the real aims of the settlers of New England. What was the common purpose which brought these men together in their resolve to create for themselves a new home in the wilderness ? This is a point con- 