THE AMERICAN' SENTINEL. 283 our most favored Eastern cities. Those who knew California twenty years ago, now witness a far different order of things. The mass of the people respect and keep the Lord's day. No merchant of any respectability keeps his store open on the Sab-bath. The wharves are deserted. The Italian fruit dealers in many localities close up their places of business, and even in the Chinese quarter of the city there is some recognition of the fact that this one day calls for a regard to decency and order, if not for religious reverence. CIVIL LAW NOT NECESSARY. " Holloway " has stated the facts just as we know them to exist in California. Truth, lie says, compels him to say that " San Francisco is a Sabbath-keeping city." Sunday work and Sunday busi-ness instead of being on the increase in that State are on the decrease even in the cities. The drift is in the direction of more general rest upon that day. We do not say that this is due to a growing re- gard for the day; indeed we incline to the opinion that it is right in line with the general tendency of the times, which is toward shorter hours and more holidays; but that does not alter the case. The facts show that civil law is not nec-essary to secure to the working people a weekly rest day. And that this conclu-sion is correct even the Examiner inad- vertantly admitted something over two years ago, when of the Saturday half hol-iday in this city it said :Š For several years, by a concerted action, some few large firms in the same lines of business adopted a system of early closing during the sum-mer, but the practice was by no means general, and it had no sure basis until a statute made Sat-urday afternoon a legal holiday. When all banks and public offices closed at noon on Saturday, it was found not only practicable to close private offices and shops, but of little use to keep them open, and so the half-holiday became assured as a summer institution, and is more and more generally observed with every year. This was said in an effort to show that Sunday laws are necessary; but instead of proving the necessity of Sunday laws, it proves conclusively that no such laws are required further than to make Sunday a legal holiday. There is no law forbidding work upon Saturday afternoon; the law simply makes Saturday afternoon a legal holiday,, and banks, courts, etc., must of necessity suspend business, because busi-ness done at that time would not be legal. But to make Sunday dies non' would not satisfy Sunday-law advocates. This is exactly the case with Sunday in Cali-fornia. It is a legal holiday, no public business is done and would not be legal if it were done, and yet, Sunday advocates say that California has no Sunday law, and they are demanding that a Sunday law be enacted in that State. The truth is, that that which they want is a statu-tory recognition of Sunday as a sacred day. And that, they say, would not be religious legislation ! c. P. B. Ł -4.-Ł  Some Scraps of New England History.* THE SUFFERINGS OF THE QUAKERS. Ł NOTWITHSTANDING the laws and penal-ties, and the spirit to inflict the penalties in the severest way, the Quakers con-tinued to come. In fact, wherever such laws were, that was the very place where the Quakers wished to be, because they were opposed to every kind of soul-oppres-sion and every form of the union of Church and State. Not only in this, but in al-most everything else their views made them objects of special hatred to the theo- *Coadeused from "Two Ropublies," crats of Massachusetts. They recognized no such distinction among Christians as clergy and laity, and could neither be coaxed nor forced to pay tithes. They re-fused to do military service, and would not take an oath. They would not take their hats off either in church or in court. " In doctrine their chief peculiarity was the assertion of an ' inward light,' by which every individual is to be guided in his conduct of life." And "the doctrine of the ' inward light,' or of private inspi-ration, was something especially hateful to the Puritan." Another thing no less hateful to the Puritan than this, was their refusal to keep .Sunday in the Puritan way. They called " in question the pro-priety of Christians turning the Lord's day into a Jewish Sabbath." They were denounced as infidels, blasphemers, agents of the devil, and were counted as easily guilty of every heresy and every crime in the Puritan theocratical catalogue. Admission to the confederacy of the New England colonies had been abso-lutely refused Rhode Island, on account of its, principles of liberty of conscience; but hatred of the Quakers led Massachu-setts colony in 1657 to ask Rhode Island to join the confederacy in the endeavor to save New England from the Quakers. " They sent a letter to the authorities of that colony, signing themselves their loving friends and neighbors, and be-seeching them to preserve the whole body of colonists against ' such a pest,' by ban-ishing and excluding all Quakers, a meas-ure to which ' the rule of charity did oblige them.' " But Roger Williams was still president of Rhode Island, and, true to his prin- ciples, he replied : " We have no law amongst us whereby to punish any for only declaring by words their minds and understandings concerning things and ways of God as to salvation and our eter-nal condition. As for these Quakers, we find that where they are most of all suf-fered to declare themselves freely and only opposed by arguments in discourse, there they least of all desire to come. Any breach of the civil law shall be pun-ished, but the freedom of different con-sciences shall be respected." This reply enraged the whole confeder-acy. Massachusetts threatened to cut off the trade of Rhode Island. In this strait Rhode. Island, by Roger Williams, ap-pealed for protection t6 Cromwell, who now ruled England. The appeal pre-sented the case as it was, but that which made it of everlasting importance, as the grandest and most touching appeal in all history, is the piteous plea, "But what-ever fortune may befall, let us not be com-pelled to exercise any civil power over men's consciences." In this year, October 14, another law was passed against Quakers, in which it was enacted thatŠ If any person or persons within this jurisdiction shall henceforth entertain and conceal any such Quaker or Quakers, or other blasphemous heretics, knowing them so to be, every such person shall for-feit to the country forty shillings for every such hour's entertainment and concealment of any Quaker or Quakers, etc, as aforesaid, and shall be committed to prison as aforesaid, sill forfeiture be fully satisfied and paid ; and it is further ordered that if any Quaker or Quakers shall presume, after they have once suffered what the law requires, to come into this jurisdiction, every such male Quaker shall for the first offense have one of his ears cut off, and be kept at work in the house of correction till he can be sent away at his own charge, and for the second offense shall have his other ear cut off; and every woman Quaker that has fulfilled the law here that shall presume to come into this jurisdic- tion, shall be severely whipped, and kept at the house of correction at work, till she be sent away atsher own charge, ,and so also for her coming again she shall be alike used as aforesaid ; and for every Quaker, he or she, that shall presume a third time herein again to offend, they shall have their tongues burned through with a red-hot iron, and be kept at the house of correction close to work, till they be sent away at their own charge. And it is further ordered that all and every Quaker aris-ing from among ourselves, shall be dealt with, and suffer the like punishments, as the law pro-vides against foreign Quakers. The Quakers, however, not only con-tinued to come, and to come again when imprisoned, whipped, and banished; but their preachings, and much more their persecutions, raised up others in the col-onies. This result followed so promptly that May 20, 1658, the following statute was enacted :Š That Quakers and such accursed heretics, arising among ourselves, may be dealt with according to their deserts, and that their pestilent errors and practices may be speedily prevented, it is hereby ordered, as an addition to the former laws against Quakers, that every such person or persons, pro-fessing any of their pernicious ways by speaking, writing, or by meeting on the Lord's day, or at any other time, to strengthen themselves, or seduce others to their diabolical doctrines, shall, after due means of conviction, incur the penalty ensuing; that is, every person so meeting, shall pay to the country for every time ten shillings; and every one speaking in such meeting, shall pay five pounds apiece; and in case any such person, after having been punished by scourging or whipping for such, according to the former law, shall be still kept at work in the house of correction, till they put in security with two sufficient men, that they shall not any more vent their hateful errors, nor use their sinful practices, or else shall depart this juris-diction at their own charges, and if any of them return again, then each such person shall incur the penalty of the law formerly made for strangers. In 1658 " Rev." John Norton, supported by the rest of the clergy, circulated a petition praying that the penalty of death should be visited upon all Quakers who should return after having been banished. The Board of Commissioners of the United Colonies met in Boston in September. The petition was presented to the Board, which in response advised the general court of each colony to enact such, a law. Accordingly, October . 16, the general court of Massachusetts enacted the fol- lowing law :Š Whereas there is a pernicious sect, commonly called Quaker's, lately risen up, who by word and writing have published and maintained many dan-gerous and horrid tenets, and do take upon them to change arid alter the received and laudable cus-toms of our nation, not giving civil respects to equals, or reverence to superiors; whose actions tend to undermine civil government, and to destroy the order of the churches, by denying all estab-lished forms of worship, and by withdrawing from orderly church fellowship, allowed and proved by all orthodox professors of truth, and instead thereof, and in opposition thereto, frequently meet by themselves, insinuating themselves into the minds of the simple, or such as are least affected to the order and government of the church and commonwealth, whereby diverse particular inhab-itants have been infected, notwithstanding all for-mer laws made, have been upon the experience of their arrogant and bold determinations, to dis-seminate their practice amongst us, prohibiting their coming into this jurisdiction, they have not been deterred from their impious attempts to under mine our peace and hazard our ruin. For prevention thereof, this court doth order and enact that every person or persons, of the ac-cursed sect of Quakers, who is not an 'inhabitant of, but is found within, this jurisdiction, shall be apprehended without warrant, where no magis-trate is at hand, by any constable, commissioner, or selectman, and conveyed from constable to con-stable, to the next magistrate,' who shall commit the said person to close prison, there to remain (without bail) till the next court of assistants, where they shall have a legal trial; and beb4 con-victed [Note:Š" For which conviction, it was counted sufficient that they appeared with their hats on and said ' thee' and thou,"' ], to he. 4:4 the sect of the Quakers, shall be sentenced to banished upon pain of death; and that every in-habitant of this jurisdiction being convicted to be 