800 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 21, 1899. No PAPER next week. The next SENTINEL will be issued January 4. ANOTHER arrest in the South for working on Sunday. We learn that a Mr. Little, of Citronville, Ala., an observer of the seventh day, has been summoned to appear before the grand jury to answer to this charge. WITH the new volume of the SEN-TINEL there will begin a series of ar-ticles treating of the relation of the National W. C. T. U. to the question of Sunday legislation, as fixed by the action of the late W. C. T. U. na-tional convention touching it. And these will be articles which no per-son who reads this notice can afford to miss. Do not forget this, and do not forget to mention it to your W. C. T. U. and other friends. THROUGH the kindness of Mr. Joseph Bradfield, of Washington, D. C., we have received a copy of the text of the Supreme Court decision mentioned last week, with other pub-lications relating to the same. The first issue of the new volume will contain an article by Mr. Brad-field quoting the decision and point-ing out its dangerous character as a departure from the principles laid down by President Madison and others separating church and state in this country. THE state is not a personality bound by the moral law, and cannot be, for the reason that the state is bound to execute the law. We, as moral beings, are bound to keep the moral law, but to execute itŠnever! Yet the state, if it should attempt  to keep that law, would necessarily attempt to execute it; since to exe-cute the law is the special purpose for which the state exists, and the only way in which the state can deal with law at all. Individual keeping of the moral law and state keeping of that law, are two vastly different things. "Nom by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts." This is what the AMERICAN SENTINEL has been saying to the people who have been and are yet calling for legislation to reform so-ciety. And this week we print an article showing what we mean by quoting this Scripture text, and that we are not talking impracticable theories. It is the SENTINEL'S de-sign not only to talk this text, but to illustrate it; and the article in this issue is only the first of many which it hopes to publish to that end the coming year. utt THE supreme court of Italy has given a decision declaring that the pope is not a sovereign, but is sub-ject to ail duties and obligations of a civilian, and that he is not enti-tled to the privilege of inviolability of his mails, such as the representa-tives of sovereign powers in Rome enjoy. It also disputes the right of the pope to receive deputations, am-bassadors, or envoys from the vari-ous courts of Europe. It is consid-ered possible that King Humbert may enter a protest against such recognition of the pope as a sove-reign by European courts. "LET the work of reform begin within the church," is the response of the N. Y. Sun to the voice of the National Reform convention lately held in this city. And the Sun forti-fies its position by valid reasons. Seep. 790. THE command to observe the Sab-bath was not spoken to govern- ments, but to individuals. National Sabbath-keeping depends wholly upon individual Sabbath-keeping. "HE that regardeth the day [the Sabbath], regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it." So wrote the ApostlePaul. In either case, the responsibility is to God and not to the man. "It is All That I Want in a Bible." SAYS one of our subscribers who has recently received one of our Premium Bibles:Š " Permit me to acknowledge the receipt of the Bible you sent me with the SENTINEL. To say that I am pleased with the Bible, but feebly expresses it. I am really surprised at the book. I have been trying for years to get such a Bible. It is all that I want in a Bible. If I could not get another like this one, I would not take ten dollars for the Bible that I obtained of you." It is not too late yet to secure this fine Bible in connection with the SENTINEL. Our Premium Bible is the "Self-Pronouncing" kind; that is, the difficult Scripture names are divided into syllables, the vowels have their diacritical marks, and the proper accent is given. Both King James and revised versions aregiven and the Bible is no larger than the ordinary one. Size is 5%x8 by 1% inches thick. It is printed in large, clear type, contains the most used " helps "Šthe concordance and mapsŠand is bound in Tampico Morocco, divinity circuit, leather lined to edge, round corners, red under gold edges, and has silk book mark. Furnished with the SENTINEL one year for $3.50. Bible may be sent to one address and the paper to another. This offer is made to both old and new subscribers. This offer will soon be withdrawn, as it will not be continued after our present stock is exhausted. So or-der at once. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL. 39 Bond St., N. Y. City. 