186 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ment of the country is prepared to indorse such extreme and even violent measures to keep the markets of the world' open to our farmers and manufacturers." It should, be borne in mind that these are not the words of a critic of the administration, but quite the contrary. The circumstances, in Mr. Foster's view, fully justified the President In "sending .a considerable army into a country with which we were nominally at peace, without the constitutional warrant of legislation by Congress, and aiding in taking possession by force of that nation's capital." In so saying Mr. Foster does not of course intend to question either the constitutional right or the bounden duty of the President to rescue if possible the members of the United States legation; but there his ordinary power under the Constitution ended, and his extraordinary power under "public sentiment" began. True, the President had power to call Con-gress together, but he did not, so all the proceedings of this Government in China since the rescue of Minister Conger, have been extra-constitutional, that is, outside of and beyond the Constitution. It matters not, so far as the principle is con-cerned, that, as Mr. Foster says, the action of the Government " up to the present in Chinese affairs has been wise and prudent." The fact remains, as Mr. Foster also states, that it is—upon " public senti-ment" rather than upon the Constitution that " the President must rely for support for his act of breaking with all precedents of our foreign relations in joining a concert of.  European nations to arbitrarily determine the destiny of a great empire with which we have here-tofore maintained the most friendly relations." And what is the source of the "public sentiment" that is back of these extra-constitutional measures? The same thing exactly that is back of the senti-ment which sustains the English government an its war upon the South African republics; namely, the commercial spirit. " My object," says Mr. Foster, " is to emphasize the fact that the public sentiment of the country is prepared to indorse such extreme and even violent measures to keep the markets of the world open to our farmers and manufacturers." There was a time when the American people were too jealous of their liberties to brook any departure from the strict letter of the Constitution; but times have changed, and now "public sentiment" will not suffer so trifling a thing as the Constitution to, stand in the way of " material progress."  THE POPE'S TEMPORAL SOVEREIGNTY. IN a recent discourse in Washington, D. C., Arch-bishop Ireland touched on the subject of the tem-poral sovereignty of the Pope, which he predicted would soon be restored by " the Italian people and Christendom at large." In attempting to show the necessity of temporal sovereignty for the Roman pontiff, the Archbishop said:'  " If the Pope is a civil subject of an, authority outside of himself he has not the necessary freedom. The ruler or government would interfere, make laws impairing his freedom of action, or strive to impose methods more serviceable to the state than the church. The Pontiff's words must bear no possible suspicion that they were imposed by men who have'  no authority in things' moral and spiritual. If the sovereign Pontiff be the subject of the King of Italy what guarantee is there for other peoples and other rulers that, whether through fear or favor, Italian influences have not penetrated into the Vatican, and that Italian interests are not to be served? The peril of national jealousies would be the greater were the foreign countries at the time warring with the King of Italy. We, in America, are willing indeed to hearken to the words,of Peter, but it,must be plain that they are not the words of a foreign ruler, whose sole purpose is the interest of a foreign nationality, not of the church. "The dependence of a bishop upon the' civil-ruler severs him from union:with Christians in other countries, reduces his church to the condition of a national church, and disrupts the oneness of the universal church. Other churches than the Catholic do not 'demand civil independence and temporal Like Mr. Foster, we have no disposition to criticise the Government." The President and his' advisers have only done what the people demanded that they should do. It is .the people who have,  estimated the relative value of money and of liberty, and they have put the dollar above the man. In harmony with the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution was framed to safeguard human rights. In harmony with the spirit of commercial- Ł ism, " public sentiment " demands that the Govern-ment shall safeguard first of all the avenues of trade and the dollars 'that circulate therein. The times are upon us foretold by Jefferson when of the people he said: ""They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money." B. 