138 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. as in the front rank of opposers to the Sunday-law movement, he said that they constituted but one per cent. of the population, and added, "And yet they would have the other ninety-nine per cent. yield their convictions in this matter." To this we have to say, first, that the observers of the seventh day do not ask anybody to yield their convictions, unless their convictions are that every-one who does not observe Sunday should be deprived of their civil rights. Sunday-law advo-cates profess to think that the opposers of their movement want to deprive them of their rest-day. Nothing could be more untrue. The op-posers of the Sunday law are perfectly willing that everybody who wishes to keep Sunday should be allowed the fullest liberty to do so, and be protected in his worship on that day to the fullest extent. We challenge Mr. Crafts, or any of his co-workers, to quote a single line from any op-poser of the Sunday law, whether he be Christian, Jew, or infidel, which could possibly be construed as indicating any desire whatever to deprive any individual of the fullest liberty to rest and to worship on Sunday. The intolerance is all on the other side. It is the Sunday-law advocates who have such overweening ambition to rule, that they cannot enjoy their Sunday rest so long as any person who differs with them is granted free-dom of action. The opposers of the Sunday-law movement simply ask equal and exact justice for all. Again, by his statement that the seventh-day people, who, as he says, form one per cent. of the population, would have the other ninety-nine per cent. yield their convictions in this matter, he conveys the idea that ninety-nine per cent. of the population of the United. States have decided convictions in favor of Sunday. Now if that were true, they would not be asking for a Sunday law. If ninety-nine per cent. of the pop-ulation of the United States were conscientious observers of the Sunday, the day would be ob-served so strictly that the labor that would be done by the one per cent. would not make a ripple on the surface of society. But let us look at figures for a moment. The population of the United States is about sixty-five million, but the number of church-members in the United States, both Protestant and Catholic, is not more than thirteen million. That is, only twenty per cent. of the people of the United States are even nominally Christian. This is a good deal less than ninety-nine per cent., but not all of these church-members are desirous of a Sunday law. We have in our possession the statements of prominent religious workers to the effect that the larger part of the present disregard for Sunday is due to members of churches. It is repeatedly stated that if it were not for the patronage of church-members the Sunday newspaper could not exist. Cer-tainly, then, the conviction that Sunday should be observed strictly cannot be overwhelmingly strong, even among the small minority of the peo-ple who are nominally Christian. Then there are many thousands of people who conscientiously observe the first day of the week, who are as strongly opposed to a Sunday law as any seventh-day person can possibly be. Mr. Crafts himself only claims ten million petitioners for the Sunday law; but the analysis of the petition presented to Congress shows that only a few hundred people actually signed the petition; and it is making a very liberal estimate to say that the entire num-ber of people in the United States, who are zeal-ous for a Sunday law, is less than a million. So  then we may say that one per cent. of the popula-tion desire a Sunday law, and are determined to have it in spite of the opposition, and the passive indifference, of the other ninety-nine per cent. Mr. Crafts says: "It is a very shallow objection, the attempt to charge that this is at the bottom of a Catholic conspiracy to put Catholicism in this country." We do not know of anybody who makes this charge. We know very well that the Roman Catholics are not at the bottom of this movement. We should not think any the worse of it if they were. We know that there are many Catholics who are opposed to it. All the wickedness in the world does not result from what is called Catholicism, neither is all the goodness bound up in Protestantism. Those who are engineering this Sunday movement call themselves Protestants, but they have not the faintest conception of what Protestantism is. Protestantism derives its name from the protest of the German Princes at the Diet of Spires against religious interference with the Government and the rights of the people. A man is not nec-essarily a Protestant because he calls himself one. When these professed Protestants labor for the very thing against which the German Princes protested, they show that they are not Protest-ants, but Papists, at heart. Mr. Crafts devoted a little time to the consid-eration of the objection that the Sunday law would be unconstitutional. His answer is as fol-lows: "In cases where it has been carried up to the Supreme Court of the State the decisions have been without reserve that such laws are perfectly constitutional. It seems strange that this cry should still be raised, and the curious thing about it is that in the papers that publish these objec-tions there is not the slightest intimation of the decisions of the courts in this matter." A fitting answer to this is the following incident related of that eminent lawyer, Henry W. Paine, of Maine. One day Mr. Paine was riding in a horse-car, Ł reading a sheep-skin-bound volume of law reports. An acquaintance hailed him, and said, " See here, Paine, do you have to study law still?" "This is not law," said Paine. "It is only a collection of decisions of the Massachusetts Supreme Court." So it may be said of the Supreme Court decisions that Sunday laws are constitutional. They are not law. They are not justice. They cannot make wrong right. Just as Chief Justice Taney's decision in the Dred Scott case did not make slavery any more constitutional than it was be-fore. Mr. Crafts claims that the clause of the first amendment of the Constitution, which says that Congress shall not prohibit the free exercise of re-ligion, is infringed in this country. He says: "Certainly it is an infringement of the free exer-cise of religion, when the public service is so managed that hundreds and thousands of em-ployes in the service of the Government cannot have their rightful privilege accorded them. No deeply conscientious Christian man can take an office in the whole Post-office Department. No man who has a strict conscience can either be a postmaster or a post-office tlerk, and I say it is an infringement on the free exercise of religion?' What about the man who has conscience in the observance of the seventh day? He cannot oc-cupy any position in the Post-office Department, because the post-office is regularly open contin-ually on Saturday, when his conscientious convic-tions compel him to refrain from all labor. Mr. Crafts does not expect that this condition of things  will ever be changed. On the contrary, he in-tends to make it even more uncomfortable for them than it is at present. Therefore, according to Mr. Crafts's own statement, he and his followers intend to perpetuate that infringement of the Constitution. We have never heard a Sunday-law advocate admit more plainly that the pass-age of a strict Sunday law would prohibit the free exercise of religion. But as a matter of fact, the keeping open of post-offices on Sunday does not interfere in the slightest degree with the free exercise of a man's religion. Any man who has conscience in re-gard to Sunday will keep it. There is no law compelling him to accept a position under the Government. There are thousands of people who keep Sunday strictly, just as there are other thousands who keep Saturday strictly, who have never dreamed that they were being interfered with,Šthat their religious freedom was infringed by the mere fact that somebody else worked while they were resting. One more point in Mr. Crafts's speech we will notice, and then leave him for the present. He said : " We will now notice the work of the sev-enth-day Christian people who are doing so much in this country to disturb the objects which we seek. I have been criticised for calling this peo-ple Saturdarians. They say that I have viewed that work a little uncharitably; but we claim that they make a fetich of Saturday." If "Sat-urdarians" is a proper term to apply to those who observe the seventh day, then "Sundarians " must be a proper term to apply to those who ob-serve the first day of the week. Mr. Crafts would undoubtedly think us uncharitable if we should apply it to him. Mr. Crafts says that the seventh-day people make a fetich of Saturday. Let us look into this matter. A fetich, according to Webster, is "a material thing, living or dead, which is made the object of brutish and superstitious worship, as among certain African tribes." Now Mr. Crafts charges seventh-day people of making a fetich of Saturday, because they observe it strictly. Sup-pose we look at the other side. Mr. Crafts and his fellow-workers make a great parade of their conscientious regard for Sunday. Now if the sim-ple fact that seventh-day people observe Saturday strictly is evidence that they make a fetich of it, then it must be that Mr. Crafts makes a fetich of Sunday. Indeed, he is a hundred fold more open to the charge of fetichism than seventh-day peo-ple are, for whereas seventh-day people are strict observers of Saturday for themselves only, Mr. Crafts not only observes Sunday strictly, but de-sires to compel everybody else to do so. This is one of the characteristics of fetichism ; for it is well known that nothing will more quickly exasperate the ignorant devotee than to have people lightly regard his fetich. He not only holds it in su-perstitious reverence, but he thinks that everybody else ought to do the same ; and the less worthy the object of his worship is of adoration, the more intense is his desire to have other people give homage to it, and the more intensely is he excited when it is disregarded. Still further may we turn Mr. Crafts's charge upon himself. A fetich, as before quoted, is the object of superstitious worship. "Superstition," as defined by Webster, is " extreme and unneces-sary scruples in the observance of religious rites not commanded." Now there is nowhere in the Bible a command for the observance of Sunday. We defy any individual to produce even a semŁ 