182 AMERICAN SENTINEL. As soon as I am convinced of this, I will retract my error and be the first to lay down my books and throw them into the fire."ŠD'Aubigne, book 7, chapter 8, par. 50. But the conflict is not ended, and the platform upon which the Reformers stood is the platform upon which to stand to-day,Šan appeal to the plain teaching of the Word of God. All the truth was not seen by Luther and his associates, and their teaching can be safely folloWed only so far as it is in harnlony with the principle which they themselves laid down, the appeal to the Word of God. The principle which is openly avowed by the Ro-man Catholic Church ("Tradition is to us more clear and safe "ŠCatholic Belief, p. 45) has received altogether too much sanction in some Protestant churches, and there is need that we "should earnestly contend for the faith once delivered to the saints," and should build only "upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief corner-stone." Dr. Adolph Saphir has well said :Š " If we have the Spirit's teaching in the Book instead of the Spirit's teaching by the Book, men wish to have it extracted; simplified, reduced to a system, methodized. And then, practically speaking, the creed is above the Bible." The following statements by Dr. George F. Pentecost ,are also well worthy of thoughtful consideration at this time The Church at the time of Christ's ministry on the earth had well nigh lost sight of the Scriptures by the accumulation of creeds, glosses, commentaries, and the like, so that they were more given to- creeds and tradi-tions and doctrines of men than they were to the Word of God. We are in the same danger now. . . It is a woful evil to substitute the authority of creeds and con-fessions of faith for that of the Word of God, which is the only rule of faith and practice for His people, and the only writing that is of binding authority upon the conscience. . . Whenever anyone yields obedience to the creeds of the churches, and surrenders the God-given right of personally searching the Scriptures to find out for himself the truth, then he indeed becomes a ;slave. . . Never surrender your conscience to any save God, and that on the sole authority of His Word."ŠIn the Volume of the Book, p. 45. Let every one heed these words, and follow the exam-ple of the "more noble" Bereans (Acts 17:10, 11), who 'searched the Scriptures daily." All teaching is to be subjected to the test of the Word (Isa. 8:20), and only truth received. "Beware lest anynaan spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ." Col. 2:8. "He that saith he abideth in Him ought him-self also so to walk, even as He walked." 1 John 2:6. "If any man willeth to do His, will, he shall know of the teaching." John 7:17, R. V. "He that followeth Me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life." John 8 :12. Are we ready to follow the plain in-struction of the Bible, as interpreted by the example and teaching of Christ, even though it be contrary to creed and tradition? This is the test of our Christianity. A Wrong Diagnosis. ONE of the worst mistakes that can be made in the treatment of disease is that of failing to correctly diag-nose the nature of the malady from which the patient is suffering. The would-be doctors of the body politic should take this fact into careful consideration. That there is some-thing wrong, and that the patient is getting worse in-stead of better, is evident; and the remedy which they propose is that of religious legislation, in order 'to make it, as they say, "hard for people to do wrong and easy for them to do right." In this they are making the mis-take so common to medical practitioners, of treating the 'symptoms instead of the disease.,  They should have wisdom enough to discern that the symptoms indicate a malady too deeply seated to be reached by any remedial power in legislation. There is abundant evidence indicating that the seat of the disease is in the heart, the very fountain of life, and not in thehands or feet. In other words, the malady is working insidiously but with deadliest results in the strongholds of morality, from which come the remedies.-that aim at moral reformation. The Church is striving to reform politics, but she her-self is most in need of reformation. Her representatives are loth to admit this; but many of them see it, and some candidly avow it. Among the latter is the well-known evangelist, Rev. A. B. Simpson, who says:Š ' In my opinion the most discouraging features of the times are to be found in the fashionable religion of the day. .There are too many loose views in churches themselves in regard to the inspiration of the Bible. There is also the all too prevalent habit of permitting the introduction of worldly things into the churches. There are too many entertainments in the churches them-selves to raise fundsŠentertainments which sometimes are little better than theatrical performances." Of those features that are not the "most, discourag-ing," the same writer says:Š " We have missionaries in all lands, so I speak with authority when I say that I am convinced the world is wickeder than ever. As civilization advances, sin spreads. Civilized nations are wickeder than the uncivilized. New -York and San Francisco are more sinful than Pekin and Singapore. I speak from personal observation, for I have been in all four cities. " The desire for novelty is such that all kinds of new inventions in crime are taking place. Within a certain period there were 10,000 murders in the United States, and but 300 executions. Divorces are doubling every year or two. Society is getting worse and worse all the time. Public entertainments are becoming lower and lower in tone. I don't care to discuss notorious things, but society is ripening for judgment just as piety is ripen-ing for the coining of the Lord." Mr. Simpson does not, however, see a remedy for this state of things in legislation. On this point he says:Š " The only measures that I feel called upon to adopt 