- ,-.-- . , N1 u 1 7 ,, IP\ P NN,  ___,  ... Kc,_—...._. "Fang man hear mg worch and be/moo not !judge him norŠJesys chda: , CHICAGO, OCTOBER 25, 1900. 672 THE s8ZNTINEL/: Any one receiving The Sentinel of Liberty without having otdered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have -no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A RECENT' letter from a representative of the International Religious Liberty Association who knoWs whereof he,Speaks says: Ł " The court records Of the' city of-Baltimore, Md., U. S. A., show that from March 16, 1900, to Octdber 2 of. the same year, there have 'been' 503 arrests for Sunday selling andfottrior 'Sunday labor' in that itY.' The :fi.i2t,.6fty of these defendants were de-dared guilty and' were paroled, some on'their own recognizance, others on bond of £ioo each. Five out of this fifty have brOken their parole and have , . been ,fined,, two of' them$25 and costs each, the others .$45:50 each and-  costs. Qne person was fined $5 for, 4  Sunday labor.'," sixtytOe cases were dismissed by the State; seven_. were reconsidered by 'the grand jury: The remainder ofŁthe'original 503 remainsstill on the docket. .9 -" CHRIST'S example teaches us that idleness as well as business is Sabbath-breaking," says the Rev. W. F. Crafts— in the organ of the New England Sab-bath Protective League; and yet Mr. Crafts is labor-ing strenuously, as he has done for years, for the enforcement of the Sunday laws, which would corn,  pel, people to spend the day he alleges to be the Chi'istian Sabbath in idleness. " Sabbath-keeping," he SayS further,' " requires such work as visiting the poor and sick and sinful, to do them good," and yet he would have' the poor and sinful visited on the Sabbath by the police officer and dragged -tci the jail for doing' honest work. It is very true that the Sabbath can not be keptŁ by idleness, but demands activity in Christian work; in this Doctor Crafts speaks truly; but in this position he, is altogether out of harmony with the idea of compulsory Sunday-keeping embodied in the Sunday laws. Honest work is always preferable to idleness, and if the poor  and sinful areŁ to be visited on Sund,--, by all means let it be by some, one Seeking to do them good, and not by the policeman with his billy. .4  .4  THE Rev. Charles M. Sheldon makes the sugges-tion, in the interests of. Sunday enforcement, that in towns and Ł small cities " a corps of workers' froth different churches," or from " different Endeavor so-cieties," "could gather statistics concerning the Sun-day work being carried on" in all department's of labor that could be found in the place," in order to see-  who is doing " necessary " and who " unneces-sary" work on Sunday. The distinetion between necessary and unnecessary labor is to be made" from a Christian point of view." He mentions that in one place where this suggestion was adopted if was found that out of 1,500 persons doing Sund,ay work, "at least 1,200" were doing work that was unneces-sary. The possibilities contained in this suggestion when it is put into effect with a view of suppressing - " unnecessary " Sunday work, are obvious. The courts would speedily be filled with discussions and arguments as to what work is necessary and what is not, and arbitrary lines of distinction between the two would be drawn by court decisions, while question is' one that could never, be satisfactorily settled. Such a question is not one with which the courts of laW can properly or profitably meddle. Nobody wants a church committee to visit him and inform him as to what he may or may not do on Sun-day as a work of necessity; but unfortunately there can-  easily be found people who would be pleased to serve on just such committees. Mr. Sheldon's Stig--gestion will probably bear fruit in due time. .4 .4 THE Springfield Repnblican, one of the most reliable papers published anywhere, says that the death rate , from disease of American soldiers in the Philippine Islands is ,now in the vicinity of thirty-per moo, or nearly double that of 'the British army in India. .4  .4 ACCORDING to a careful estimate made by Mr. Eugene Smith, a New York lawyer, crime costs this country $600400,000 every year. THE continental European press are discussing the probability of the speedy end of constitutional government in Austria. 