66 THE AIVIERICANSENTINELe. Again; the SENTINEL is first, last, and all the time, opposed to the aims of the National Reform Association. That association like-wise proposes to turn this .Government ,into a theocracy, ruled by " the leaders and teachers in the churches." It declares that dissent-ers from National Reform opinions "cannot dwell together on the same continent" with the National Reformed Christianity;`and: that " there is nothing out of hell " that should not be "tolerated " as soon as these. In Sen-ator Blair's proposed National Sunday law and constitutional amendment, both of which are now pending in the United States Senate, the National Reformers see taken the first steps toward making effective their "tolerant" intentions. Now the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union is the closest ally, and the most powerful support, that the National Reform As-sociation has in this Nation to-day. Many of the officers of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union are also vice-presidents of the Na-tional Reform Association. It was the Woman's Christian Temperance Union that first started the petitions for this National Sunday law, which pleases the National Reformers so well, and which so fitly plays into their hands; and the Union went before the Senate Com-mittee with the names of one and a half mill-ion petitioners, and more to follow, in favor of that law which, in more than one of its provisions, is subversive of liberty, and which savors all over of tyranny. (See the judicial decision, in another part of this paper.) It is perfectly safe to say that from the position which she occupies, the present president of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, herself alone, is doing more to spread National Reform ideas and principles than are all the National Reform "District Secreta-ries" put together. And there are other lead-ers of the Union who are not much behind her in this bad accomplishment. Therefore, as we are totally opposed to the aims of the National Reform Association, and as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is the most powerful support of that associa-tion, we are, consequently, totally opposed to that part of the workings of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. And why should we not be ? Nor is this all. We view with grave appre-hensions the encroachments of the Papal power, on its own part, upon the civil institu-tions of this Government. Everybody knows that the Papacy has never wearied of con-demning our public schools because they are not made the medium of religious instruction. The National Reform Association and its al-lies now echo the Papal condemnation, and seek to remove the cause of it, by the pend-ing amendment to the National Constitution, in which the National power is pledged to see that every State "shall establish and maintain " a system of religious public schools. Now to secure this and the co-operation of the Papacy attie same 'time, the National Reform Asso-ciation agrees that the Catholic Bible, and Catholic instruction, shall be established in the public schools wherever "Roman Catho-lics are in the majority," And also in scour- ing and enforeirig.-the pendlog-National Sun-day law, the NatiOnat Reformers pledge them-selves to "gladly join hands" with, the Roman Cathelles, and to - make repeated adVance,s4o secure the no-operation Of the Rcifn4n Catha lies "in any form in they may be4ill- ing to eichilait .:Vherefore the; two points, .the National Sunday law, and; religirin in.  the public tie' WPM an'S Christian Temperance Union is diligently working to secure qcational. religious legisla-tion, are the very points upon which the Na-tional Refoirn Assriciation stands pledged to unite with the Papaey. Now the Woman's Christian,  Temperance Union supports the National Refdrin Associa-tion. The National Reforinr-  Association is pledged to ,Rome. Rome stands, pledged-for-ever to the subversion of every _principle of liberty. Therefore, as we are forever opposed to the encroachments of Rome, so -we are for-ever opposed to that part of the working of the Woman's. Christian Temperance Union which supports the National Reform. Associ-ation,, which is pledged to Rome. ,And why, should we 'not be opposed to it? And why should not everybody else be opposed to it ? We know that there are many of the women of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union who do not favor the political;  nor the theocratical, nor the .NationalReform, aspirations of the leaders of the -Union. We know a number of women, who have sepa-rated themselves from the workings of the Union because of the very things which we have here pointed out. They joined the Un-ion to work for Christian temperance upon Christian principles, and to secure the prac-tice of Christian temperance by Christian means. But when they saw that by the lead-ership of the' Union, political efforts and means were supplanting the 'Christian princi-ples, efforts, and means, they -left it. They did well to-leave it. And so will every, other woman do well to leave it, who .does not want to be sold into the hands of Rome through the political, theocratical, and National Re-form aspirations of the present leadership of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union.  We only pray that the whole body of the Union, leadership and all, may awake to the danger of their position before they shall have delivered the civil power, and themselves and us all with it, into the hands of a religious despotism. A. T. J. Ł THE Christian Statesman has sent us a circu-lar giving reasons why that paper is to be commended. One of these reasons is:Š " Because it advocates a civil as well as a church Sabbath." But there is no such thing as a-civil Sab-bath. The original, supreme, and , only Sab-bath lawŠthe fourth commandmentŠsays explicitly of the Sabbath, that it is "the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God." It is not the Sabbath of any civil government, it is the Sabbath of the Lord. He calls it, "My holy day." Christ has.  commanded us - to render to God that which is sod's, while we render Religious Wickedness. WHILE so many professed Protestants are courting the favor of the Catholic Church, it is timely to consider the logical conclusion to be drawn from such a course, and the true nature of National religion, as represented by the Papacy, and advocated by the Na-tional Reformers of the United States. One of two things is truth, beyond the pos-sibility of contradiction, namely: Either. the Roman' Church is a great apostasy from gen-uine Christianity, and utterly antichristian, or, otherwise, the Reformation under Luther, Melancthon, Zwingle, Calvin, etc., was a schism, an apostasy from the true church, and entirely inexcusable. To advance the idea that the Catholic Church is a truly Christian body, is to openly condemn the work of Luther and his co-laborers. The words of a certain Christian writer of Switzerland, recently uttered, are true: "Prot-estants there are, but Protestantism is dead." As a system, representing a distinct profession of faith, arid represented by nations or large religious bodies, Protestantism has passed away. Fifty years ago Protestants could not have been persuaded that such a change in the religious world could possibly take place in a single generation. But the change has come, and those peoples who have been most determined in their Protestantism, are now most forward to show their zeal in de-fending.the . standing of the Pope and his church. The motto of the SENTINEL is: "Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." Akin to this sentiment we may declare the following : " Perverted Christianity is the worst form of error." The fact has often been noticed that religious wars are the most cruel and sangui-nary ; religious persecution is the most bitter and relentless. If we trace the history of the Romish Church, its Inquisition, its auto da fe, its ingenuity of tortures, we shall find a par-allel to its- barbarities only amongst the sav-ages of the forests. Rome, in its purely civil form, was marked -by its cruelty and thirst for human blood; but under its nationalized Christian form it was still more iron-hearted. But it is not our purpose at present to trace the history of the Papacy, or to repeat the indictment presented by Luther and . others of his time. We only call attention to file kt)  axed  a§lc all to candidly examine to Cesar that which is Caesar's. The Sabbath being the Lord's clay, it is to be rendered to him and not to Cresar. Civil government can never of -right have Anything 'to do with .dire4tingŁ,:  the _observance of the Sabbath. Whenever undertakes to dO so, it 'puts it-elf  rri the place of God, 'and , ustirps,_the au-thority Of God-, both in such legislatiOn, and Ł by invadingt e sacred precincts of t e con-science. The Lord alone " is the Author and Lord of conscience, and no power on earth has a right to stand between God and the conscience. A violation of this divine law written in the heart is an assault upon the majesty of God and the image of God in man." -I, Ł Ł 