"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL, 1886. NUMBER 4. TI2e Ar2e1ica1 Bel2thrl. PUBLISHBD MONTHLY, BY THB PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, OAL. Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. THE Christian Herald is not given to joking, but we can scarcely believe that it had any faith in its own words when it called New York " a Christian city." We do not know the basis of its calculation; but we suppose if Lot could have found ten righteous persons in Sodom, it would be ready to name Sodom a righteous city. On such a basis it is not sur-prising that they think to make this -a Chris-tian nation by amending the National Consti-tution! The standard of Christianity is alto-gether too low now, and there is no need to lower it by legal enactments. If the advocates of the amendment spent as much time to con-vert people to the truths of the Bible, as they do to induce people to enforce the Bible by civil law, they would do far more towards mak-ing this a Christian nation. The Other Side. THE advocates of a Religious AmendmentŁof the Constitution love to refer to the expression of Mr. Abbot, as follows:Š " If I were a Christian, if I believed in Christianity, I do not see how I could help taking my stand at your side." But that expression was very unfortunate for Mr. Abbot. It did not destroy the force of his warning and his reasoning against the movement, but it did show that ho was incon-sistent in his positions. After showing what would be its evil effects upon the nation at large, how it would subvert the liberties of the people, he added:Š " If I wished to destroy Christianity in this country by unscrupulous means, I should en-courage your attempt in every way." And this he said because of the reaction that the attempt will create against Christianity. There are many who aro Christians who can see the dangers ahead just as readily as Mr. Abbot could, and who realize that the reaction will be detrimental to Christianity. Mr. Ab-bot's position implies that, though the dangers attendant upon this movement are very great, and easy to be seen; and though the reaction which it will cause will be fatal to Christianity, yet, were he a Christian, he would favor the movement! Not necessarily. There are many Christians who are not so inconsistent as his words indicate that he Would be. Legalizing Christianity. IN the first number of the SENTINEL, in out-lining the course of argument which will be pursued in its columns, the following remark was made:Š "To carry this amendment into effect, any person who refuses to obey the laws and usages of Christianity must be subjected to penalties for his neglect or disobedience. As no law can exist without a penalty, no institutions or usages can be placed on a legal basis without authorizing penalties for their enforcement. This is undeniable." It may be well to emphasize this point in order to meet the many professions of the amendment party that their movement is harm- less; that it is merely to secure a declaration of the supremacy of Christ and his laws, which cannot interfere with any man's rights, or do violence to any man's convictions. But such a declaration would not carry the force of law, and if that was what they are real y aiming at, it would be harmless indeed. But, as is else-where shown in this paper, that is but the foundation on which they propose to erect "an imposing superstructure." The superstructure includes the placing of the Christian religion, or its laws and usages and institutions, which means exactly the same thing, "on an undeni-able legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." And this means to secure the declara-tion as the necessary step to legalizing Chris-tianity, which means to enforce it by "appro- priate legislation" and the necessary penalties. It has been said, strangely enough, that a penalty cannot with propriety be introduced until the law has been violated. The fallacy of this is apparent; for the penalty is that which alone distinguishes between law and advice. Advice leaves an individual free to act at his own option; while law is the expression of authority, and the only option a person has in regard to it is, to obey or suffer the penalty. But advice has no penalty; to attach a penalty thereto would be to convert it into law. The following strong language was used by Black- stone:Š " Where rewards are proposed, as well as punishments threatened, the obligation of the law seems chiefly to consist in the penalty; for rewards, in their nature, can only persuade and allure; nothing is compulsory but punishment." But it is in the very nature of law to be com-pulsory, and therefore without punishment or penalty, no law can exist. And so, to place Christianity on a legal basis is nothing less than to enforce it by penalties. It was declared by a writer in the Christian Statesman that the religious amendment would  "disfranchise" every "consistent infidel." But that'expression only reaches to the voluntary action of the infidel himself, meaning that if he were consistent he could not support such a Government as the am endmentists contemplate. But of course it would not disfranchise the dis-honorable or inconsistent infidel, because, as we have shown, such a Government would be every way favorable to dishonesty and hypocrisy. If it were calculated to promote morality and up-rightness, it would disfranchise the dishonora-ble and inconsistent, instead of those of better character. They may reply, that they cannot control a person's mind, but.only his overt ac-tions. Very true; and this shows the absurdity, the arrant folly, of placing Christianity on a legal basis, or trying to enforce it by law, for without reaching the mind and the heart you have not reached the seat of Christianity. So-called Christianity without this, is only a mock-ery; and the amendment, at best, would only serve to enforce a mockery of Christianity. The overt actions with which alone human laws have to do, may have no relation whatever to true Christianity. The Christian religion is entirely beyond the reach and scope of civil or human Governments. And we are surprised that every person who has any understanding of the nature of Christianity, and has the ca-pacity to reason, does not at once acknowledge this evident truth. Such a disfranchisement as that of which the writer in the Statesman spoke, resting entirely upon the voluntary action of a man who acts only to preserve his consistency, is no penalty. It would be no part of that which enforces the usages and institutions of Christianity. But to put these usages and institutions on a legal basis, there must be penalties. And these pen-alties, of course, would be for the punishment of those who would not or did not observe the "laws, institutions, and usages," of Christianity! We challenge any man to attempt to trace the facts to a different conclusion. But these "National Reformers" have over and over said that their movement is not for the coercion of any man's conscience, and if successful it will not interfere with anybody's religion. But such an assertion is preposterous. They know better than to say what they do. In order to enforce Christian institutions and usages by law, these institutions and usages must be defined by law. And, in the midst of the interminable differences of religious be-liefs, who shall define them? Who shall de-termine for this whole nation what are the laws, institutions, and usages of Christianity which they are to perform? Or, rather, who 