12 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Studies in French History. Š53. "THESE lettres de cachet were the most unjust, un-reasonable, and cruel documents," began Professor Car-man, "that can be imagined. They were really letters sealed with the king's seal, ordering the imprisonment of any person who had been unfortunate enough to gain the displeasure of some rich man who had, or could pro-cure, with money, influence enough to obtain one. Then the proud possessor of this unholy document could im-prison any man who had offended him; or whom he wished, from any other motive, to get rid of." "I believe that is giving altogether too much power to any man," said Joe Palmeter. "He might be tempted, to abuse such a power as that, and make a tyrant of himself." "This is precisely what was done, Joseph." "When were these documents first made use of?" asked Edna Phillips, producing her note book. "By Louis XI., toward the close of the fifteenth cen-tury." "Why, I dOn't see but any man if he was only rich enough could get as many as he liked of these letters, and imprison just as many people as he chose," said Charlie. "You are right, Charlie; in fact history states that one of the ministers of Louis XIV. gave them away, by the thousand. You see he wanted to be praised and flat-tered by the rich,Šhe wanted to be popular. "But one of the cruelest and most inhuman schemes during the reign of Louis XV. was called the 'famine-bargain,' which forbade any Frenchman selling his grain to any other country. So you will readily see that after a while the French merchants would become so over-stocked that the price of grain would go down very low. Then the Abbe Terray, the originator of this wicked scheme, bought large quantities of grain,Šall he could get,Šand shipped it to other countries, even using for the purpose ships which belonged to the government." "I suppose all he had to do then was to wait until France needed some of the grain back again," smiled practical Jack. "Certainly; then he had it shipped again to the coun-try and sold it at his own figuresŠwhich on account of the great need of the people, he could force them to pay." "But," said Julia March, "I don't see why King Louis ever allowed such a thing, unless it was of some private interest to him." "Precisely; it was of the greatest personal interest to him, for he shared the profits arising from this wicked scheme. Of course no one dared say very much, or utter any protest for fear of imprisonment by a lettre de cachet." "Louis XV. must have been an' extremely selfish man!" exclaimed Milly Brown. "He was selfish and cruel, Milly, and it is recorded .  of him that he admitted that he did not care what be-came of his country when he was gone. So you see he was anything but a patri,-)t. As long as they did not trouble him, he was perfectly willing that those about him, his favorites, should do anything they liked, and spend the people's money like waterŠand this the selfish and grasping Countess Du Barry and others of his favor-ites did, with ever-increasing prodigality. But it was still the same old story,Šonly it was yearly getting worse, as that horrible period of blood and war, the French Revolution, drew near. The poor people were so taxed that life was only barely supported. They were forced by law to buy a certain amount of salt, only for the bare purpose of compelling them to pay the tax thereon. Then, too, the farmers were obliged to leave their crops to spoil in the fields, while they were hurried off to attend to the king's highway." "Didn't France have any one to whom she could ap-peal at all?" asked Max Smith. "Yes; there were the courts at law, and they did all they could for their unhappy country. But Louis, find-ing that they were standing in the way of his personal pleasure, declared these courts to be abolished. So noth-ing was left between the people and utter ruin, but a cruel and eminently selfish manŠtheir once loved but now ab-horred and hated king." "Why, I had forgotten that they ever loved him," said Fred Green. "Yes, they did once," said Edna, "when they named him the 'Well Beloved,' and feared he would die, after a great victory over the English." "Yes, Edna; but this was when he had not fully de-veloped those cruel and selfish traits in his nature, which after a while began to show themselves; and so now, in-stead of fearing the king would die, they only rejoiced openly when they heard that he was sick of small-pox;  and only feared he would recover." "Dear me!" said Milly Brown, "did he really die of that awful disease? I wonder who ever took care of him, seeing everybody hated him. "Not everybody, Milly; for in spite of his wicked life; he had some very devoted and faithful daughters. They took care of him constantly, until he died,Šalthough history states that they had never had the disease them-selves. It is refreshing, indeed, to find once in a while that the black pages of history are relieved and illumin-ated, as it were, by such deeds of unselfishness and de-votion as this." "Please tell me something about the funeral, and what the people said when they found he was really dead," asked Jennie Jacobs. "0, my child," replied the teacher, smiling. "There wasn't any funeral at all, even if he were a king. And not only this, but his coffin was made too small for him, by mistake, and they did not trouble to get another, but tumbled the poor old king in, and hurried him away to his burial, with the horses actually galloping. As for the 