"Rqual and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or Persuasion, leligious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 16, 1893. NUMBER 7. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. IL ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMA  / WILLIAM H. MC KEE. Now that Congress has gone beyond the Constitution on one point, for reli-gion's sake, and has legislated to close the World's Fair on Sunday, it may, for the same reason, go beyond it on any or every point. THE Congress of the United States had no right to put the Bible into its legisla-tion and make it the basis of any legisla-tive measure. The Constitution is the proper basis of congressional legislation, not the Bible. But the Constitution has been ignored and legislation had upon an assumed Biblical basis. To reach this the Constitution has been violated, the word of God has been blasphemed, and a statu-tory misinterpretation of a divine com-mandment has been had. THE commandment says the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord; but in the face of this plain declaration the Sen-ate of the United States has put its own interpretation upon that commandment, and has declared that the statement " the seventh day is the Sabbath " means " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." Thus the Congress of the United States has taken the fourth com-mandment from the Bible and pit it into its legislation, and has put its own inter-pretation upon the divine statute. IF Congress can do this in one case, can interpret the Bible in one point, it can do it in any case; it can interpret the Bible on every point. When Congress went be-yond the Constitution in this, as it did, it put itself and the Government in line with all the Church and State govern-ments that have ever been, and assumed to itself to be the interpreter of the Bible for all the people in the land, and for all who come into the land. More than that, it not only assumed to itself the right and  the authority to interpret and enforce di-vine law as such, but in doing that it put the stamp of its legislative approval upon a given religious and doctrinal belief. It made an adherence to that belief and ob-servance distinctively necessary to citi-zenship under this Government. It built a surer foundation for that line of judicial precedent in religious law for which there has never heretofore been any adequate basis. THIS is not strictly an adequate basis, but it will no doubt be accepted as such, in connection with the Supreme Court decision that this is a "Christian Nation." It may be that the Supreme Court will be called upon during the coming year to state its position upon this definitely, and not in general terms. This may be brought about through the question of State rights, as to whether Congress has any jurisdiction within the municipality of Chicago by which it may enforce the Sunday-closing proviso, or lay any penalty for its non-observance. It may come through an appeal from the lower courts of some case brought under a religious statute or judicial precedent. However it may come it is not probable that the Supreme Court can long avoid the re-sponsibility of defining directly the position which it has taken in the case of the Church of the Holy Trinity of New York. When that point is reached the Supreme Court will face an awkward alternative. It will be necessary either to antagonize openly the First Amendment to the Constitution, and indirectly the Tenth Amendment by assuming for Congress powers which have not been granted to it; or the opinion of Justice Brewer that this is a " Christian Nation," and in which the entire bench concurred, will have to be overruled. THE possibilities, rather even the prob-abilities, of the continuance of the Sun-day-closing contest as regards the World's Fair,Šand of appeal to the highest court of Sunday-law cases on their merits,Šare fraught with much that is uncomfortable to the occupants of the Supreme Bench. Congress took the fatal step in haste last session. In shame at the position in which it finds itself and in fear of the Church party it refuses now to retrace its  steps, or even consider the propriety of so doing. When the Supreme Court is put in a similar position what will be its attitude? Will it refuse to review or antagonize the Brewer decision and allow this revolution to take its course ? The Tennessee Prosecutions for Sunday Labor. THE past week has been an eventful one in the history of the " Adventist cases," as they are familiarly called in Paris, even the Attorney-General using that term when addressing the Court. Prior to last summer, about five thou-sand dollars had been spent in this State in defending persons accused of nuisance by violation of the Sunday laws; but ap-parently nothing was accomplished; and in the cases of last summer, practically no defense was made. The defendants simply made a statement to the Court that they were conscientious in working on Sunday, believing that they had a consti-tutional and God-given right to do so. They were, however, convicted, and upon refusal to pay the fine and costs, amount-ing in each case to about twenty-five dol-lars, were imprisoned in the county jail and required to work upon the streets in the chain-gang with several negroes con-victed for larceny and other offenses against the State. The facts just stated, coming to the knowledge of Prof. Jas. T. Ringgold, a member of the Baltimore Bar and Profes-sor of Law in the Baltimore University, that gentleman proposed to the National Religious Liberty Association, through whose publications he had learned the facts, that if he were permitted to do so, he would appear and defend the perse-cuted men in the present cases. His kind offer was accepted both by the association and by the several defendants, and in order to afford Professor Ringgold every facility possible, Mr. W. L. Carter, of the bar of this place, was employed to assist him in the defense. At this stage of the proceedings, Ex-Senator Tolley, of this State, appeared upon the scene, having been attracted by the notoriety of the " Adventist cases," and by his interest in the principle in-volved. The ex-senator, who, by the way, is a Primitive Baptist, proposed that 