JULY 18, 1895. A 1V111,0 CA X S_18.41N-  1. 229 American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PILESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - - RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION UNDER THE STARS AND STRIPES. Nine Honest Men In Jail. CrimeŠWorking on Sunday. PenaltyŠNearly $40 (Fine and Costs), or Ninety Days In Jail. DAYTON, TENN., is now the scene of a trav-esty on justice worthy the Dark Ages. Nine honest, industrious men,Šall Seventh-day Adventists, save one, and he the son of a Sev-enth-day Adventist lady, a widow, were tried July 1 and 2, convicted, and in default of pay-ment of fine and costs amounting to nearly $40, were imprisoned in the county jail for terms ranging from seventy-five to ninety days. These Seventh-day Adventists, after resting on the Sabbath as commanded of God, went about thei: usual avocations on Sunday. They disturbed no one's private or public worship. They were not charged with disturbing any one; the sole gravamen of their offense was that they violated the statute-entrenched sab-bath of their neighbors, which violation by the courts of Tennessee has been declared a "nuisance"! an indictable offense, punish-able with any amount below $75, in the dis-cretion of the judge, and any sum above that amount in the discretion of the jury. The defendants, following the instruction of Christ (Luke 12: 11, 12), spoke in their own defense. They maintained that the civil law had a right to take cognizance only of acts which infringed the equal rights of others; and that as the keeping of a Sabbath had reference solely to God and the recogni-tion of his claims upon them, to enforce its ob-servance was clearly outside the sphere of human government. The defendants insisted that under the Bill of Rights of the State they could not be legally required to observe any day, and that they had a constitutional right not only to keep the seventh day but to work on the first day of the week, so long as in so doing they dic,. not trench upon the equal rights of their neighbors. The SENTINEL could not secure a steno-graphic report of their defense, and hence tele-graphed the imprisoned men for a statement of their reasons for violating the Sunday stat-ute. They replied as follows:Š County Jail, Dayton, Tenn., July 10, 1895. AMERICAN SENTINEL, New York City, N. Y. According to your request, we write to you to give you a few short reasons why we refuse to obey the Sunday law, and go to prison in-stead. The law of God says: " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God': in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20: 10. The law of the State says the first day is the sab-bath, in it thou shalt not do any work; and since we regard the law of God above the law of the State, it only remains for us to decide what we are to do, and which law we will obey, We therefore follow the law of God. The law of God requires us to regard the first six days of the week as working days, as verily as to regard the seventh day as holy. See Eze. 46: 1; Ex. 20: 9. That is, the first six days of the week must be regarded as working days, and God has always regarded them as such. But the State says that one of these is holy, and commands us to refrain from labor on that day in honor to the law of the State, and that too right in direct contra-diction to the law of God, and hence we can-not obey it. We look upon the Sunday-sabbath as the sign of the papacy,' that power that " exalt-eth himself above all that is called God " (2 Thess. 2: 4), a sign set up by that power in opposition to the Sabbath which is a sign of God's creative power. In complying with the demand that we keep Sunday we would there-fore violate the first commandment which says: " Thou shalt have no other gods before me." We want to be good citizens, and will do all in our power to obey the laws of the State as long as those laws do not require us to trample on the law of God; but when we a: e required by the State to do things that are a violation of the law of God, we can only say: "We ought to obey God rather than men," and suffer the consequences. God gave a law to govern man, and told him to keep that law; but afterward man made a law directly opposed to the one the Lord made, and has put us in prison be-cause we cannot conscientiously obey it. They say they will release us if we will pay a certain fine that they saw fit to impose on us, but we cannot pay the fine, for in so doing, we would recognize the right of man to inflict punish-ment on his fellow-man for his faith, and this we cannot do for we are Protestants. So they have put us in the jail. We are of good courage, and the Lord is with us. We praise him for his kindness to us, and can say from experience that it is good to serve the Lord. Yours very sincerely and fraternally, W. J. KERR, BYRD TERRY, J. M. HALL, C. H. MOYERS, H. C. LEACH, D. C. PLUMB, W. S. BURCHARD, M. A. MORGAN. These points were enlarged upon by Mr. R. T. Nash, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Amory, Miss., at his recent trial at that place for doing farm labor on Sunday, and are here inserted that the reader may further understand the position of these persecuted people. Mr. Nash spoke in his own behalf substantially as fol-lows :Š Mr. Nash's Defense. Your Honor, Ladies and Gentlemen : I hold in my hands two law books. This one (holding up a book) is the Code of Mississippi. It was made by menŠour lawmakersŠit can be changed by them. It has for its authority the people of Mississippi. This one (hold-ing up the Bible) is the Code of the Most High GodŠthe King of the Universe. It was spoken by himself Šhe made it. It can not be changed.. It is like him-selfŠthe same yesterday, to-day and forever. To what it says every Christian says Amen! and so say I. This law book (Code of Mississippi) I honor as a cit-izen of the State of my choice. I honor those who made it,, and his honor who sits here to-day as the representative of the State is held in no more respect by any citizen than he is by me. We are commanded Q. How prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days ? A. By the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of; and therefore they fondly contra-dict themselves, by keeping.  Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church. Q. How prove you that ? A. Because by keeping Sunday, they acknowledge the church's power to ordain feasts. and to command them under sin.Š" An Abridgment of the Christian Doctrine," by Rev. Henry Tuberville: Imprimatur, the Right Rev. Benedict, Bishop of Boston; Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay St., New York, 1853, p. 58. to obey " the powers that be; " but our Exemplar, Jesus Christ, tells us very plainly to what extent we are to do this. You will find this instruction in Mark 12:17: "Render to Cesar. the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." Each of these law books has a Sabbath law, and I want to read them to you:Š Exodus 20:8-11: " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for [this is why he made this law, and as long as the reason stands the law will stand] in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the sev-enth day: wherefore [for this reason] the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Now, I will read to you the sabbath law from the Code of Mississippi:Š " VIOLATION OF SABBATH." " If any person, on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday, shall himself labor at his own or any other trade, calling, or business, or shall employ his apprentice or servant in labor or other business, except it be in the ordinary household offices of daily necessity, or other work of necessity or charity, he shall, on conviction, be fined not more than twenty dollars for every offense, deeming every apprentice or servant so employed as constituting a distinct offense; but nothing in this section shall apply to labor on railroads or steamboats." You see God says the seventh day is the Sabbath, and the Code of Mississippi says the first day is. I am arraigned here to-day against my will and at the instance of Cesar. God says I shall (or may) work six days but shall not work on the seventh day. Cesar says I shall not work on the first day. God says.' may work on that day, for how can I work six days, excepting the seventh, in one week, unless I work on the first day? Which do you advise me to obey? Which will you obey? When God says I may work on the first day of the week the same as he did in creating the world, he thereby clothes me with as) inalienable right that no power can take from me; neither can I ask it nor accept it of any other source without dishonoring God. This law book (Code of Mississippi) says, in its Bill of Rights, that " the enumeration of the rights in this constitution shall not be construed to deny and impair others retained by, or inherent in, the people." This Sunday law does emphatically deny the God-given right inherent in me to work on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. Therefore, your honor, it is unconstitutional. Again, I read in the constitution of Mississippi, Section 18: "No preference shall be given by law to any religious sect or mode of worship ; but the free enjoyment of all religious sentiments and different modes of worship shall be held sacred." Your honor, the highest type of worship is obedience. To worship God is to honor him. We honor him most when we obey him. The same is true all through life. Then there must be no preference shown by any law to any religious denomination in its mode of obedience. It is a part of my mode of worship to obey God by re-membering to keep the seventh day holy and by work-ing on the first day, according to the commandment. Your custom is to keep Sunday and work on the sev-enth day. Question: Does this Sunday law show any preference for your custom or mode of worship? Does it? Any one can see that it does and it is plainly mid decidedly unconstitutional. Again, the constitution of Mississippi guarantees to me the free enjoyment of all my religious senti-ments, but under this Sunday statute where is my liberty? You work on the seventh day and thereby teach to the world that it is not the Sabbath. You rest on the first day and by so doing you say to the world, this is the sabbath day. You have the right to do this. I would not interfere with you in this matter if I could. But where is my freedom to work on. Sunday EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 