616 AMERICAN SENTINEL. gion of his children, because they have attained to man-hood, he may yet be wiser than they, and is certainly more experienced. But what religious wisdom and expe-rience has this elected national father, who retains the control over the churches of Christ? Here, in truth, the analogy between the relation of the state to the churches and the relation of the parent to his children is wholly reversed. In the churches of Christ is collected all the religious wisdom of thd country: in the House of Com-mons there is little religious wisdom. If in political knowledge Parliament may resemble the parent and the nation be like the child, in spiritual knowledge Parlia-ment is like the child while the churches have the wisdom of the parent: and to intrust parliament with the creed, laws, and discipline of the churcheS, is to intrust the control of the parent to the child. But this is not the whole of the absurdity involved in the state episcopate. As no one can teach what he does not know, or will inculcate what he does not believe, an ungodly father cannot educate his children in religion. On the contrary, some ungodly parents have been known so systematically to vitiate the minds of their children,,  that the Court of Chancery has on this ground taken from them the custody of their own sons. The state is under the same incapacity. If the House of Commons be the national father, it is a father so irreligious, that the children should be withdrawn from his control. Six hundred members of parliament, with no more religion than six hundred men taken at hazard from any city or town of Great Britain, whose theological opinions, in-cluding Romanism, High-Churchism, Socinianism, and a thousand other varieties, make up a perfect chaos of irreconcilable contradictions, are not entitled to control the creed and discipline of twelve thousand Christian churches. To complete this view of the absurdity of the union, we must add that, while the father of a family controls the education of his children, because he pays for it, the members of the two houses of parliament, instead of paying themselves for the spiritual instruction of the nation, force the nation to pay for it, distraining on the property of all who refuse to pay: just as if an ignorant and ungodly parent should force his children, when grown up to manhood, to receive a bad tutor from him, and should beat and force them if they would not build a lecture-room, and pay the tutor's salaries themselves. Lord McCaulay an Advocate of Religious Liberty. FOR my part I long ago espoused the cause of reli-gious liberty, not because that cause was popular, but because it was just; and I am not disposed to abandon the principles to which I have been true through my whole life in 'deference to a passing clamor. The day may come, and may come soon, when those who are now loudest in raising that clamor may again be, as they have formerly been, suppliants for justice. When that  day arrives, I will try to prevent others from oppressing them, as I now try to prevent them from oppressing others. In the meantime I shall contend against their intolerance with thearrie spirit with which I may here-after have to contend for their rights. What the Churches Teach Officially, Regarding the Observance of Sunday.Šl. BY CHARLES E. BUELL. THERE are two distinct classes of religionists that seek for the distinction of being considered the exponents of the teachings of Jesus, the Messiah. These will be spoken of as State churches,Šthose which are joined to civil governments; and Evangelical churches,Šthose which are not united to the civil power. The State churches comprise the Roman Catholic Church, the Imperial Russian Orthodox Church, the Church of England, the State Church of Prussia, the Greek Orthodox Church, and the Government churches of Switzerland. The teaching of the Roman Catholic Church regard-ing the observance of Sunday instead of the Sabbath day, is given in the recently published catechism, entitled "A Catechism of Christian Doctrine, prepared and en-joined by the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore,"1890. On page 62 it is stated:Š "Q. Why does the church command us to keep holy the Sunday instead of the Sabbath? "A. The church commands us to keep holy the Sun-day instead of the Sabbath, because on Sunday Christ rose from the dead, and on Sunday he sent the Holy Ghost upon the apostles." The Catechism of the Church of England, as used by the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States, reads very similar to that of the Roman Catholic Church:Š "Q. Why was Sunday made the great day for Chris-tian rest and worship? "A. Because the resurrection of Christ took place on the first day of the week." Then follows the reference to the day of Pentecost. The Pentecost was regarded as a supplement to the Passover, and followed the Paschal Sabbath 'in seven weeks and one day thereafter. In the opinion of leading scholars among the Protestants the Roman Catholic catechism is at;fault in its statement that "on the Sunday Christ sent the Holy Ghost upon the apostles." The late Horatio B. Hackett, D. D., Professor of Bib-lical literature at Newton Theological Institute, etc., a scholar that was well and favorably known, remarks: "It is generally supposed that this Pentecost, signalized by the outpouring of the Spirit, fell on the Jewish Sab-bath, our Saturday."ŠCommentary on the original Text of Acts, pp. 50, 51. 