THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 229 Cooly condenses in a sentence in which they are regarded as a sanitary regula-tion based on the demonstration of expe-rience that one day's rest in seven is need-ful to recuperate the exhausted energies of mind and body.' Is a sanitary regu-lation' a Christian acknowledgment ? The `Sunday' allowed to the President rests on the same basis as a small-pox quaran-tine. Tekel. " The third discovery to be noted is that clause usually termed the oath. I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faith-fully execute the office of President of the United States and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.' This is not a form but the prescribed constitutional form of the oath. A proper oath has a religious character. Web-ster defines it as a solemn affirma-tion or declaration made with an appeal to God for the truth of what is affirmed.' In this prescribed form, there is no such appeal, it has no religious character, and is not properly an oath at all. The Pres-ident may mentally or aloud add so help me God,' or Gambrinus,' if his internal constitution demands it, but he does it on his own responsibility. The Constitution of the United States makes no reference to God or religion. We the people' are the only god of the Constitution. " Another equally important `find' is in Amendment 1. Congress shall make no law respecting religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' A late writer in the Christian Nation speaks of this clause as directly maintaining the sway though free in its exercise of the Christian faith, etc.' This is not complimentary to Con-gress. How can prohibiting Congress from legislating on a subject maintain its sway.' Why did not Blair find out that the way to maintain the sway of edu-cation was to keep Congress from making laws on the subject ? It is not yet too late. " Some have taken religion' in the sense of denomination' which would make the last clause read prohibiting the free exercise' of a denomination.' The exercise ' of a horse is reasonable but the former use of the word may be doubted. The meaning here is the same as in the test clause.' Religion means religion. The framers of the Constitution knew what they were talking about. , This clause declares that Congress shall make no laws respecting religion.' As shown before, Congress cannot legislate on any subject without a grant of power. Where is that grant ? The test clause' pro-hibits it. The treaty quoted shows that it does not exist. Religion meant the same one hundred years ago that it does to-day. " The Constitution forbade Congress to make laws respecting religion. That be-longs to the sphere of State legislation. Cooley says, The making provisions for  education, for the protection of personal liberty, and liberty of worshipŠall these powers were withheld from the jurisdic-tion of the Federal Government, and re-tained by the States.' "A somewhat remarkable religious acknowledgment is claimed to lie in that region known as Amendment VII. The clause in question reads, No fact tried by a jury shall be otherwise re- examined in any court of the United States than according to the rules of common law.' This recog-nizes that in certain cases the common law rules in the courts. Christianity is said to form a part of the common law. Through this means the Constitution re-cognizes Christian precepts as binding on the Government. " This looks plain enough but there are some difficulties to be explained. The common law of Louisiana is largely de-rived, through its early inhabitants, from the Roman law. Heathenism formed a part of the Roman law and therefore of the common law of Louisiana. So if the Constitution through this amendment re-cognizes Christianity it must recognize heathenism as well. The Constitution is not partial in such a matter as religion. The next objection is found in the fact that this gives no `power' to President, Congress, or the courts. It refers only to the latter and is a restriction of power. " If further proof be needed for the statement that this amendment neither compels' nor authorizes Christian legis-lation on the part of the Government of United States, it is found in the fact that the common law is no part of the Federal Constitution. Let it be bound as a front-let between the eyes that the Federal Con-stitution is all comprised in seven articles and fifteen amendments. Here alone is there to be found any grant of power to the Federal Government. The common law is no part of it, common laws belong to the States. Cooly states Each of the several States has a common law of its own, the United States as such can have no common law.' " Concerning the latest and most origi-nal discovery it is stated : Amendments in consistency with the moral principle of Christian precept alone recognized in Sec. IX. clause I., prohibiting the slave trade after 1808, etc.' Surely the wheels of progress have rolled backward a thousand years to find in this grant to slave dealers of another generation of traffic in the bodies of men a moral principle of Chris-tian precept.' To what age does it belong ? But did this cause prohibit the slave trade ? The framers of the Constitution did not know it. Congress did not know it, for it passed in March 1807 a law mak-ing it unlawful after January 1, 1808. The best refutation of the discovery is found in the clause referred to which reads, The migration or importation of such persons as any of the States now ex-isting shall think proper to admit shall  not be prohibited by Congress prior to the year 1808.' " Nigh unto seventy times seven have these claims been reported and as often proved false, yet to-morrow some Amer-ican Archimedes will shout Eureka' and appear with some resurrected claim of Christianity in the Constitution. " It is not the intention of this article to deprecate what is commendable in the Constitution. As a purely secular Con-stitution of government it has no superior among the nations; but its value is not enhanced by, ascribing to it a character which it never had nor was intended to have. The fact remains, that if by some Circean spell the people of this country were suddenly changed into followers of the Prophet of Medina it would not neces-sitate any change in the supreme law of the land.' To the enemies of the Nazarene this is its glory. " With due deference to the explorers of the past and of the future, it must be said that all discoveries of Christianity in our present Constitution are what Ingalls, in a happier time before the Kansas breezes brought to him the winter of his discon-tent,' might have called an iridescent dream.'" .-4.  "IN 1879," said Colonel Shepard to a reporter, " I was in Paris with a party of friends one Sunday; they invited me to go with them to Longchamps to see a re-view of the races. I declined, saying I would rather go to church, and I did. My friends went. The day being a driz-zling one, one of the ladies took sick. . . . Now, the next year in Paris I attended a review of the troops. It was a week day, and a beautiful day it was. . . . I did not catch cold, and I was paid for keeping the Sabbath." These characteristic remarks were with reference to the impropriety of opening the Museum of Art on Sundays. Perhaps no one but the bluff, plain-spoken Colonel would have stated the argument so simply and directly, but there are, probably, many worthy people who are uncon-sciously influenced by somewhat similar reasoning. An immediate interposition of Providence is seen in the ordering of the weather, which is not seen in the ap-pointing of horse-races. The hand of God is in the one, while the hoof of the devil is in the other, Then there follows, to the minds of unlearned but devout persons, a logical connection between the weather and the races, and finally a prov-idential relation between these two hap-penings and the casual presence or absence of the devout person himself. Is not this, too, one of the infinite and protean mani-festations of human vanity ?ŠNew York Sun. Ł THE teaching of religion belongs to the Church, and to the Church only. 