AMERICAN SENTINEL. 155 The Penance of " Lent." A NEW YORK daily refers to "Lent" as a season in which the "poor do penance for the rich," and in explana- tion of the statement, gives the following:Š "From data furnished by experts in trade the Journal gives careful estimates herewith of what the poor will lose and what the rich will gain by reason of all the "self-denial" that will gladden the consciences of the fashion-able between now and Easter. "New York spends $3,000,000 a year for flowers alone. Thorley, the florest, says so, and he ought to know. " The first three weeks of Lent are the dullest of the year,' he said yesterday. Later the trade picks up in anticipation of Easter, but just now it is very poor. In large establishments employes are not discharged, but the decrease of trade affects many who are even less able to stand the loss. The people who gather greens and do rough work, find themselves without employment, and to them Lent means a loss of between $400,000 and $500,000! "At Sherry's, Delmonico's, the Waldorf and other places of fashionable entertainment, the servants are never dismissed when there is nothing for them to do. Lent to them means only a little well-earned rest. To the marketmen, who suffer by less business at these establishments, however, it tells another story. "The wholesale merchants from whom provisions for the big banquets are purchased buy, less, and the raisers of poultry, fruits and vegetables find no buyers for their produce. The thousands of chickens which would be con-sumed in supreme de volaille for cotillion suppers, the partridges, grouse, terrapin, asparagus, lettuce, hot-house strawberries, etc., which would accompany them on the menus, will have no purchasers, and those depend-ant upon the sale of these for support will be obliged to suffer the greatest privation. "To the dressmakers Lent brings sadness. To their assistants, in many cases, it means no work. The same is true of milliners. "The musicians who furnish the music for society's dancing will have nothing to do until after Easter. Their idleness will lose them about $25,000. "Another class of people who will suffer for society's season of penance will be household servants. Many small establishments will do without butlers and foot-men, now that entertaining is ended for a while, and the housemaids will be required to do duty for them. A number of residences will be closed, all the servants dis-missed, and the owners will go South to be fashionable and economic." By the way, what authority is there in Scripture for this annual period of penance? A PASSAGE which invites criticism in President McKin-ley's inaugural address is the following:Š " Equality of rights must prevail and our laws be always and everywhere respected and obeyed. We may have failed in the discharge of our full duty as citizens of the great Republic, but it is consoling and encouraging to realize that free speech, a free press, free thought, free schools, the free and unmolested right of religious liberty  and worship, and free and fair elections, are dearer and more universally enjoyed to-day than ever before." In saying this the President must certainly be in ig-norance of the facts. There was a time not many years since when such a thing as the imprisqnment of honest, conscientious men for refusing to keep Sunday, was un-heard-of,Šwhen people declared such a thing could never be. But what is the situation now? The table of impris- onments given in another column answers the question. It is neither " consoling" nor " encouraging " to the vic-tims of religious legislation to reflect upon the degree of their enjoyment of the "free'and unmolested right of re-ligious liberty and worship." The No-Definite-Day Theory of the Sabbath. "Sabbath Recorder," March 1. IN the question column of the Golden Rule [Christian Endeavor organ], of January 28, is the following:Š "J. H. A., Westerly. R. I. Christ's teachings regard-ing the Sabbath should release all Christians from the formalism that in Christ's own day had so largely des-troyed the spirit of true Sabbath observance. The value of the Sabbath consists not in observing a certain day any more than the value of prayer consists in the way we bow our heads or kneel, or the value of the sermon consists in the dress the minister wears. It is not known when the transfer was made from the Jewish Sabbath to the Christian sabbath, but it was a transfer that un-doubtedly had apostolic authority. It grew up from the instinctive reverence of the early Christians for the day on which our Lord rose from the grave and ascended into heaven, and from shrinking from celebrating the day in which he remained in the grave." Analyze this teaching for Christian Endeavorers. 1. There is no more importance attached to "ob-serving a certain day" as the Sabbath, than there is in the form of dress a clergyman may wear, or the position which the body assumes when one prays. That is cer-tainly no-Sabbathism loose enough for the most liberal. Now Sunday is surely a definite and "certain day," a fixed day of the week, and since Sabbath-keeping need not be associated with any one "certain day," it need not be fixed on Sunday, or associated with it. What an excellent theory to cultivate regard for Sabbath reform on Sunday! 2. It is not known when Sunday was put in place of the Sabbath, but " undoubtedly " it was done by "apos-tolic authority." If the last "undoubtedly" be correct, it can be known easily when it was done. "Apostolic authority" cannot be without the sanction, example or precept, or both, of the apostles; and if It be precepts without example there must be some clear and definite reason why inspired apostles did not follow their own precepts. It happens that the records of the apostolic precepts, and the doings of apostolic men, are confined to a brief period and a plain, uncontested record. The Golden Rule defies logic and history, and "begs the whole 