AMERICAN SENTINEL. 83 ambition too selfish, to be covered, excused or justified by the claim of a divine commission." And as regards affairs of the present day, it con-tinues :- "Commerce is called civilization, conquest Christian-ity, stock gamblers assume the tone of piety,Wall street thanks God, politicians pretend to missionary zeal, and senators talk of dividend-paying trade in one breath and a strategic providence in the next." And the foundation of all this hypocrisy and delusion is the idea that "this is a Christian nation." The Philippine Question in the Light of Mexican History. MEXICO and the Philippine Islands, more especially Luzon, were once both Spanish provinces, and were ruledŠas all Spanish provinces wereŠby the Catholic Church. Out of this similarity in point of government arose conditions from which an interesting and instruc-tive parallel may be drawn; and such a parallel has been drawn by a writer in The Ram's Horn, of January 27. And that writer is John Sobieski, the Crown Prince, by birth, of the kingdom of Poland. Of his credibility as an authority upon the subject with which he deals, The Ram's Horn says:Š "After an honorable career as a young soldier, he went to Mexico chiefly to investigate the popular up-rising which culminated first in the conquest of that country by the army of Maximilian, and later in the overthrow of that usurper. Although Sobieski was, at that time, as he had always been, a devout Catholic, he found his mother church to be the parent of every con-ceivable outrage against the liberty of Mexico, and he gladly took up the fight in behalf of that oppressed people. This experience qualifies him to speak with au-thority on the subject which he discusses; and the par-allel he draws between the course of events in Mexico in the 60's and those in the Philippines in the 90's, will be found no less mournful than striking." "At the close of our [the American] Civil War," Mr. Sobieski begins, "I had determined to go to Mexico to fight in behalf of the republic against the so-called Emperor Maximilian. There was a great deal of sym_ pathy at that time for Mexico, as it will be remembered our Government had never acknowledged the empire, nor received its minister, but had retained Romero, the last minister appointed by the republic. "Not knowing Romero personally, I went to General Hancock, then the commander of the District of Colum-bia, to seek, through him, an interview with the Mexi-can minister. I was very well acquainted with General Hancock, having served with him on the plains before the war. So I went to him and told him my desire, and asked him for a letter of introduction, which he gladly granted, writing a high commendation. I easily se-cured an interview with the minister, who seemed to be greatly pleased at my enthusiasm, and our interview  was quite lengthy. From him I received the whole his-tory which led up to the invasion of Mexico by the com-bined forces of France and Spain. And the story.I now give was afterwards repeated by President Juarez in an interview which he had with some American, English, and German officers who had served the cause of Mexico in the overthrow of Maximilian." We give a condensed statement, following, of the facts narrated by Mr. Sobieski regarding conditions in Mexico and their causes during the period of which he writes. "The Liberal Party in Mexico .had come into power upon the issue of confiscating the church property." The church had come into possession of two thirds of all Mexican real estate. The church was monarchical in her principles and was continually conspiring against the Mexican republic, causing thereby numerous revolu-tions. Upon the triumph of the Liberal Party at the ballot box, the church party appealed to arms, but were as badly beaten as they had been at the polls. Their lead-ing generals, Marion and Majir, fled from Mexico and took refuge in Europe. The Liberal Party then confis-cated the entire church property in Mexico, permitting the church, however, the use of church buildings for worship. Generals Marion and Majir proceeded to Rome and had an interview with the pope, Pius IX., and it was determined to make an appeal to the Catholic powers of Europe, to re-establish the church in Mexico. Spain was willing, but was weak. Napoleon III., emperor of France, was able, but at first not willing. But he was ambitious. So the Mexican church generals arranged an interview with the pope's representative at Paris and the empress Eugenie, and at this council it was de-cided to urge upon the Emperor Napoleon, as a grand idea, that he establish in Mexico an empire which should serve as a breakwater against republican ideas which were constantly flowing out from the great Republic of the Western World. Archduke Maximilian, of Austria, was to be made emperor, and the two great Catholic empires of Europe were by this lofty project to be united against the rising Protestant powers of Europe, Eng-land, and Germany. The scheme pleased Napoleon III., who was to have the honor of founding the new Latin empire, and he heartily joined in the undertaking. The support of Spain was secured by the promise of restoration of the confiscated church property. Next a pretext was found for making war upon Mexico. That country was heavily in debt to French, Spanish, and English subjects, and being unable upon demand to satisfy these creditors, France declared war, and sent an army and fleet to Vera Cruz. This city was bombarded and captured. The French army marched upon the capital, and after a campaign of several months, the republic was apparently conquered. The 