This fine Bible, poStpaid, and the How to Read THE "COMBINATION" BIBLE. The King James Version is the basis, and this version is read straight along from the text, while the Revised Version is read from the text in combination with the foot-notes. These notes give all words and passages of the Revised Version where it differs from the King James Version. To show where these differences occur we make use of two reference letters : RV just before a word or passage shows how the same word or passage is rendered in the Revised Version as seen in theiorresponding foot-note. RO before a word or passage in the "text indicates that the words inclosed in parentheses in the foot-notes are omitted in the Revised Version. The numbers of the verses in the foot-notes correspond to the numbers of the verses in which these changes occur. In every instance where the King James Version is changed, the change in the text, whether an addition or omission, is shown at the bottom of the page. The different foot-notes are separated by dashes, which indicate a returning to the text, which is to be read until a new RV or RO indicates another change which will be found in the foot-notes. Whenever any doubt arises as to where to continue in the text, connecting words (catch words) are used in the foot-notes, so that a foot-note often ends with one or two words common to both versions, which words accordingly are also found above in the text. By this arrangement the reading is made very simple and easy. THE READING EXEMPLIFIED. On this circular we print page 1129 of our Combination Bible, and the following paragraphs show how it is to be read. It is printed from an electro-type plate of this Bible, and shows the large clear type, size of page, etc. The first RV in St. Luke appears in the first verse, before "set forth." In the King James Version the reading is, "set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us," By referring to verse I in the foot-notes, it will be seen that the Revised Version reads, " draw up a narrative concerning those matters which have been fulfilled among us," In the third verse the King James reads, " had perfect understanding of all things from the very first," By reference to the foot of page, it will be seen that the Revised Version reads, " traced the course of all things accurately from the first." In the fourth verse there is an RV before the word " of." The King James Version reads, "of those things, wherein thou hast been instructed." By reference to figure 4 at foot of page it will be seen that the Revised Version reads, " concerning the things wherein thou wast instructed." In the fifth verse there is an RO which denotes an omission. Refer to the foot-notes, and (the) will be found in parenthesis. Every omission is placed in a parenthesis in the foot-notes, and the Revised Verson in this instance reads, " Herod, king of Judea," the word " the " not appearing before "king," as it does in the Old Version. Thus it is seen that the Revised Version is easily read in connection with the King James Version. The system is so simple and so easily under-stood that no reader finds any difficulty in comparing the two versions. AY- We also publish a large type Self-Pronouncing edition containing the King James Version only. Worth more  than  the  price  of it  and  the  SENTINEL together.  448 AMERICAN SENTINEL. This Bible can be furnished in three styles, but all in the same good binding, as follows : With complete teachers' helpS, 40110i 