JUNE 1, 1893. AivrniarCA.N7  171 tinguishing feature of the Papacy is a union of civil and ecclesiastical power. Writing directly upon this point, Dowling says :Š It was owing to forgetfulness or disregard of the important principle that Christ's kingdom is not of this world, that the Emperor Constantine, soon after his remarkable, and as some suppose, miraculous conversion to Christianity in the year 312, took the religion of Christ to the unhallowed embraces of the State, assumed to unite in his own person the civil and ecclesiastical dominion, and claimed the power of convening councils and pre-siding in them, and of regulating the external affairs of the Church. ŠId., sec. 1. The emperor's first mistake was in tak-ing the religion of Christ into " the unhal-lowed embraces of the State;" and the second, that of assuming to rule the Church naturally followed; indeed, this assump-tion on the part of the emperor was inev-itable; having united Church and State, he, as emperor, must of necessity either rule the Church, or allow the Church to rule both him and his empire. Where both Church and State keep within their proper spheres, each may be supreme within its sphere, but when the two form a partnership the one must rule and the other be ruled. INFLUENCE OF THE BISHOPS. Prior to the time of Constantine the bishops of the Christian Church had gained such influence in the Roman Em-pire that the emperor desired to use them to advance his own interests. In fact, he found it necessary to do so, for if their in-fluence were not exerted in his behalf it would be against him, and as he could not destroy it, he had to turn it to his own ad-vantage. In regard to this, Killen gives the following testimony :Š As early as the middle of the second century the bishop, at least in some places, was entrusted with the chief management of the funds of the church; and, probably about fifty years after-wards, a large share of its revenues was appropri-ated to his personal maintenance. His superior wealth soon added immensely to his influence. He was thus enabled to maintain a higher posi-tion in society than any of his brethren ; and he was at length regarded as the great fountain of patronage and preferment. In the third century the chief pastor of the western metropolis must have been known to the great officers of govern-ment, and perhaps to the emperor himself. Decius must have regarded the Roman bishop as a some-what formidable personage when he declared that he would sooner tolerate a rival candidate for the throne, and when he proclaimed his determina-tion to annihilate the very office.ŠThe Ancient Church, pp. 590, 591. It is even so in our own country at the present time. The churches have be-come numerically and financially strong, and those who stand high in them exer-cise a powerful influence in political affairs. This would, perhaps, not be dangerous were this influence exerted by each church separately, for the influence of ono would neutralize that of another; nor is it so hurtful when exercised in the proper direction; but when the influence of several is united and used for the ac-complishment of political objects it be-comes dangerous. This fact was recog-nized in 1829, by the Committee of the United States Senate on Post-offices and Post-roads, to which was referred a peti-tion asking that the carrying of mails on Sunday be suspended. On that occasion Hon. Richard M. Johnson, chairman of that committee, submitted a report in which the following language occurs Extensive religious combinations to effect a po-litical object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of this kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foun-dation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit  of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If admitted, it may be justly ap-prehended that the future measures of the govern-ment will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious des-potisms commence by combination, and, when that influence begins to operate upon the political in-stitutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequences. How such extensive religious combina-tions have been formed in this country, and how they have worked and are still working to subvert our free institutions making the Government, and, through it, the entiye people, subservient to a religious hierarchy, must be told in an- other article. C P. B.  Chicago Correspondence. Sunday Closing at the World's Fair. THE SENTINEL has several times said that the agitation of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair would not cease at the opening of the Fair. The third Sunday of the Fair has now passed and the matter is farther than ever from an amicable or peaceable settlement. The courts have been appealed to; the opinion of the Attorney-General of the United States has been asked and ob-tained. The clergy have given expression to their opinions even more generally than before. The subject has received the notice of the press almost universally throughout the country, and the people are becoming roused, especially in the city of Chicago. Violent and incendiary talk is beginning to be heard. This is not surprising. The clergymen, the National Commissioners, and the Attorney-General of the United States have set them the example in that particular; certainly the people can scarcely be blamed for follow-ing the lead of such distinguished au-thority. The farther the legal aspects of the case are investigated the deeper in the mire of unconstitutionality and improper govern- mental interference does the whole matter sink. The Board of Directors and the National Commission are in hopeless antagonism. * The directors, representing the stock-holders of the World's Fair, the money interest involved, the people, the munici-pality of Chicago, and the State of Illinois, have determined to open the Fair on the remaining Sundays of its continuance. The National Commission, an advisory organization created by act of Congress, is determined that the congressional Sun-day-closing proviso shall take effect at all hazards. The National Commission vir-tually denies entirely the authority of the Board of Directors, and at a meeting of the commission one of its members used the following language:Š I knowŠand I do not fear contradiction in any court in the countryŠthat that corporation [the Local Directory] has no more power in this park, absolutely no more authority within the limits of the territory that was tendered and dedicated by this commission as a site for this Fair, than an Indian in the Rocky Mountains. And for these gentlemen, or anybody, I do not care whether he be a Sabbata-rian or an open Sunday man, to assume that a member of this body, whatever his convictions may be, can be so unmanly or recreant to the sworn duty imposed upon him as to stand by and permit a stranger to take possession of the Government's tenements, I hold is an outrage upon the judgment, the good sense, and the integrity of every commis-sioner here. (Applause.) * After this was written a mere quorum of the National Com-mission virtually agreed by a vote of 30 to 27 to leave the ques-tion of Sunday opening to the Local Directory. If this action stands and the courts do not interfere it means an open Fair. ŠEn. I believe as sincerely as I know that I now live, that there can be no exception in this case to the general rule that obtains in this country, and has always obtained since the Constitution of the United States was adopted and legislation on the part of Congress followed and flowed from it, that the army of the Government always stands ready, and is ready, under the direction of the chief executive, to main-tain the dignity and integrity of the country. (Applause.) The National Commission is upheld in its assumption of superior authority as is shown by a generally published interview of the secretary of the United Society of Christian Endeavor with Attorney-Gen-eral Olney, at Washington, in which he is reported as saying that the Govern-ment would see that the law was enforced in case the National Commission should, at any time, decide to open the gates on Sunday. This, if it properly represents the Attorney-General, shows that he con-siders the Sunday-closing proviso at-tached to the souvenir appropriation not as a special condition attached to an ap-propriation but as a mandatory statute. That this should be so is in complete keeping with the entire history of the growth of religious law in this country. There is no law on the statute books en-forcing the observance of Sunday or any other religious tenet, and no religious precedent in the law reports, which has not been put there through some indirec-tion, more or less apparent. Another legal phase of the question is embodied in a bill, filed by ex-Congress-man Wm. E. Mason as attorney for Arthur Clingman, a citizen of Chicago, representing stock in the Columbian Exposition to the amount of $100,000, praying for an injunction restraining the Board of Directors of the Exposition and the park commissioners from excluding the people from the public park, in which the Exposition is, on Sundays. The plea is made that the act of Congress under which this is done is unconstitutional, conflicting with the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States and in interference with Art. 8, Sec. 3 of the constitution of the State of Illinois. This clause of the State constitution recites, "that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience, and that no pref-erence shall ever be given by law to any religious establishments or modes of wor-ship." The contention is made that this Sunday-closing proviso does give 9, pref-erence to an accepted mode of worship, and is therefore an abridgment of consti-tutional right, and consequently the act of Congress, so far as the Sunday-closing proviso is concerned, is null and void. So far, the hearing of this case has been postponed from time to time awaiting the action of the directors and of the National Commission upon the subject, the judge expressing the hope that the question would soon be authoritatively decided by these bodies. Counsel for third parties, representing the American Sabbath Union, has asked to be permitted to in-tervene in this case but the petition has not yet been granted. A special plea to be made by the counsel for the American Sabbath Union, if he should obtain a hearing, will be that as Congress specif-ically appropriated 5,000,000 of souvenir half dollars, therefore, the return of the appropriation would necessitate a specific performance and the refunding of the Identical souvenir coins received. The language of the section appropriating the souvenir coins and the accompanying de-bate would seem to make it doubtful 