SEPTEMBER 26, 1895. AlOILIEETAC SE1IVICTINT111-40 303 compelled to spend Sunday on the streets or in the narrow quarters afforded by city tene-mentsŠthat is, unless they spent an hour or two at churchŠand this latter is really what the Sunday preachers wantŠthey propose to gain by indirection that which every American constitution forbids, namely, compulsory at-tendance at church. Let no one misunderstand the position of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. We are radical in our temperance principles, and for this reason we insist that the real issue should not be made secondary to Sunday sacredness. Let all laws for the regulation or prohibition of the liquor traffic be enacted and enforced for the protection of the rights of the people and not for the protection of a day held by some to be sacred. The conservation of human rights is the only proper object of human lava. UNDER the heading, " Broke up a Sunday Show," the New York Sun, of Sept. 17, prints the following:Š ST. JOSEPH, Mo,, Sept. 16.ŠWild scenes of rioting occurred last night when the Ministers' Alliance and the police of the city broke up a performance of Pain's "China and Japan." About 4,000 persons paid to see the show, and when the preachers and policemen made their appearance they were hooted, cursed, and threatened by the crowd, Mayor Shepherd appealed. to the commissioners to relent and let the perform-ance go on, but to no purpose. The management announced that checks would be given, good for to-night's performance, but hundreds of laboring people who could not attend to-night made a rush on the box office and demanded a return of their money. When this demand was refused the police had to use their clubs in beating back the mob. There were several broken heads, and the women and children suffered most in the jam. Several were trampled upon and badly hurt. One of the gates was forced open and hundreds rushed out to escape per-sonal injury, not waiting for another admission ticket. Manager Burkholder was arrested on the charge of violating a State law, It is evident that the clericals who are pushing the Sunday-law crusade are determ-ined to have peace on Sunday if they have to fight for it, and to compel other people to keep Sunday if they themselves have to break it to make them do so. Š4.. AN illustration is not an argument. But this fact is overlooked by certain ones who are trying to demonstrate the necessity for Sunday-rest laws by a diagram showing the human sytem in a continuous physical and mental decline through the week from Mon-day morning to Saturday night, and recover-ing its lost force at a single bound by keeping Sunday. The thing works so nicely by dia-gram that it seems quite unnecessary to cite actual experience, past or present, for further proof. But what about the traditional " blue Monday " with which the housewife is so commonly afflicted ? It is quite a common impression, also, that more business is trans-acted on Saturday than any other day of the week, which does not quite harmonize with the supposed state of things as represented by the little diagram. We would suggest that if the diagram be changed so as to represent a downward plunge of the physical and mental faculties on. Sunday, with a gradual rise throughout the week, it would accord much more nearly with the facts. Ł  BOOK NOTICE. how to use our Encyclopaedia,' " says the au-thor, " we shall fail to get from it as muth benefit as we ought." Dr. Baldwin regards the " Britannica" as much more than a mere book of reference. He says: " The 'Encyclopandia Britannica' is a great deal more than a dictionary, and is capable of imparting more knowledge and more enjoyment than all the dictionaries in the world." The author of the " Guide" then tells, in fifty-four chapters divided into three parts, how to extract from the " Britannica" this knowledge and enjoyment. The first five chapters treat of the subjects of special interest to the young. The next fourteen chapters are designed to assist students and specialists in the prosecu-tion of their studies. Thirty chapters are then devoted to showing tradesmen, farmers, teachers, and others how to derive the greatest good from the " Brit-annica." Chapter 19 contains hints for the "family reading circle," and the whole book is replete with valuable helps to the use of a most valu-able work. , Anyone who has the " Britannica" has within his reach a thorough education, and the " Guide" will tell him how to obtain it. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. ROBERT MOFFAT, the Missionary Hero of Ku ru man---By David J. Deane, author of " Martin Luther, the Reformer," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B, Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. SAMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of "Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. NEW HISTORICAL ATLAS AND GEN-ERAL HISTORYŠBy Robert H. Lab-berton. This is the only atlas that has a map for every period. A map for any par-ticular date can instantly be found by any one. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyp tian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and As-syrian Empires. It contains 198 maps, print-ed in colors, 30 genealogical charts, and is complete in one volume. 4to, 312 pages. Sent by mail or express, post-paid. Half law sheep, $2. 75 ; half morocco, $3. 00. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. " A GUIDE TO SYSTEMATIC READINGS IN THE ENCY-CLOLEDIA BRITANNIOA. " By James Baldwin, Ph. D., author of "The Book Lover," "The Famous Allego-ries," " ThefBook of Elegies," etc, Published by the Werner Company, New York and Chicago. The name of this book is descriptive of its character and purpose. "Unless we know CYCLONE WASHER! The Charnravner nit  Machines. It washes in the most satisfactory manner the clothes of farmers, machinists, engineers, and bricklayers, cleaning the dirty collars and cuffs without rubbing. The work is effected by the compressed air forcing the water through the fabric, and therefore without wear to the mate-rial washed. The washing done cleaner, quicker, better, and in half the time. No tired feeling. A child of ten can operate it. Satisfaction guaranteed. Agents Wanted in every county. For particulars and circulars address, COON BROS., 131-137 So. Washington St., Battle Creek, Mich. 