178 TITE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. day the equal rights of all are preserved the same as upon other days. The gov-ernment can not justly do upon that day anything that it could not do upon any other day of general abstinence from labor; it can simply adapt itself to the conditions as they exist upon that day, and leave the people free to spend its hours as they please. So-called rulers are simply the servants of the people; and parks and museums belong to the people. It follows that if the people, wish to resort to these places upon Sunday, it is entirely out of place for those who have charge of them for the people, to say that they shall not use them upon that dayŠthe only day that many have an opportunity to resort to such places. The idea that governments, national, State, and municipal, must close up this and that and the other avenue of pleasure or recreation on Sunday or else be guilty of rebellion against the law of God, is most mischievous. To admit the principle is to admit all that is claimed by the National Reform theorists. But we can never con-sent that religion should be made a ques-tion of majorities; that the Nation might be infidel to-day and Christian to-morrow, simply by act of Congress or even by vote of the people. If the introduction of the Continental Sunday will tend, in any de-gree, to disabuse the minds of certain reform theorists of the idea, that the State is the proper custodian of the morals and religion of the people, it would certainly confer a lasting benefit upon the country, and especially upon the cause of true piety. It is a mistake to suppose that the State can pluck the thorns from the path-way of Christians and send them to the kingdom " on flowery beds of ease," or that it ought to do so if it could. C. P. B. Ł What They Want. REV. W. J. R. TAYLOR, D. D., Cor-responding Secretary of the American Sabbath Union writes thus to the " Pearl of Days " of Sunday in the city of Wash-ington :Š National Sunday legislation for the District of Columbia, which has no Sabbath laws, utterly failed in the hurry and excitement of the close of the Fifty-first Congress. The Sunday rest bills introduced by Senator Blair, of New Hampshire, in the Senate, and by Representative Breckinridge, of Kentucky, in the House, early in the year 1890, failed of action, together with several hundreds of other bills for the District of Columbia, that died with the Congress. Nothing can be done in this direction until the next Congress, and then action will depend on the pressure of public opinion, upon the wisdom of measures proposed, and upon the disposition of the Senators and Reprei5entatives toward any local and national legislation on this subject. ° Washington is among the most orderly of Amer-ican, cities 'on the weekly rest day. The churches of all denominations are well attended, better, indeed, than those of most cities of its rank. The permanent residents embrace a great, substantial, and growing community of worthy people, who would welcome the shield of legal protection of their civil Sabbath against evil workers. The liquor traffic is controlled by the District Commis-sioners, who have been a terror to transgressors of the license laws of the public peace. This it would seem ought to be highly satisfactory to the friends of a quiet Sun-day, but it is not. Secretary Taylor con-tinues :Š What is most needed now is an organized, wise, and persistent citizens' movement, under the leader-ship of a local Sabbath committee similar to those of greater cities, This will command special at-tention as soon as practicable, in connection with public meetings and other local agencies that may be enlisted in its support. This shows that closed saloons and a quiet Sunday are not the objects sought by the Sunday agitators in Washington: they already have both. What they want is congressional action recognizing the sacred character of the day and commit-ting the national Government to the prin-ciple of Sunday legislation. The friends of free institutions should be alert, for they can rest assured that undismayed by past defeats the American Sabbath Union, and its numerous allies, will be on hand with their fraudulent petitions to secure if possible from the next Congress some sort of a law recognizing the religious character of the first day of the week. Should Church Property Be Taxed? I REGARD this a question of principleŠa question of right or wrong,Šand not a matter of expediency or inexpediency. The sacrifice the adoption of the principle might entail should have no place in, the discussion 'of the principle itself. We should not allow the judgment to be swayed in any degree by the passion of self-interest in the consideration of the question. It is solely a question of logic linking itself to divine revelation, and not a question of sentiment or feeling. . . A principle of the gospel ought not to be sacrificed at any price. " Buy the truth, and sell it not" for the whole world. Truth ought to be dearer than money; religious principle, than life itself. . . . The principles of Christ's teaching have cost too much to be sold out by us, to whom they have been sacredly committed, at any price. Ł We need not complicate the discussion of this question with methods and theories of assessment and taxation. . . . That is a matter entirely of the State, and with which the Church as such has nothing to do. Nor is it proper to regard the taxation of church property as a tax upon religion. It is a question solely of property. The church property belongs to the Lord no more than every dollar's worth of prop-erty in the stewardship of the individual Christian. Years ago a church purchased ground and built its edifice. The value of property has increased enormously in the locality. The church property has  not been assessed for the general taxation. The church now sells the property and has made an immense sum, which it takes elsewhere for investment. Any proposi-tion to tax that property would have aroused the cry of "a tax on religion." If the taxation of that property is a tax on religion, is there any escape from the conclusion that the enormous increase in its value is the direct product of religion ? If, in spite of the religious use made of the property, it goes on just as the irre-ligious property in its neighborhood in-creasing in value, then, in all fairness, in spite of the religious use to which it is put, it ought to pay its equitable share of the general taxation, without any sancti-monious whining that some financial con-sideration is due to its peculiar piety. Religion antedates church property. The Christian religion and the Christian church had place in the world before it possessed a foot of church property, or a stick for a church edifice. To have taxed it for its existence in the world would have been a tax on religion. But the taxation of the property it uses for the purposes of worship is essentially a different thing. The enjoyment of the use of property costs the community something. The church paying the taxes is but paying its fair share of what it costs to secure its enjoyment of the use of the property. It costs somebody something to secure to the Church the advantages and protection it enjoys in the use of its property. If this is not paid by the Church it must be paid by somebody else,. Taxes on church prop-erty are paid, but not by the Church. They are distributed among the other property owners in the community. If there is anything in the cry of " tax on religion," the tax is even now none the less on religion; the only difference is, that the irreligious are compelled to assist in paying it. " Serves them right," I fancy I hear the advocates of exemption say, " they ought to be religious; let them pay the penalty." It ought to be clearly understood that equitable taxation is no penalty on the possession of property. It is doubtful if any man living has a better understanding of the principle of taxation than Mr. Glad-stone. Not to speak of his eminent ability and long experience in public life, he had, as Chancellor of the Exchequer, at various times, to make a most careful study of the-whole subject. He declares the " sound general principle that all property ought to contribute to the taxes of the country, which, if they are justly and wisely im-posed, ought not to be regarded as penal-ties on the possession of property, but as the necessary means of rendering property available for the effective use and enjoy-ment of the owner." A clear apprehep-sion of the object of taxation will relieve any troubled mind of its distress at the thought of the taxation of religion. And what, by the way, if it were, a tax 