ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN DEAR MY WORDS. AND RELIEVE NOT, 2.,JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. A.LONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 7, 1897. VOL. 12, No. 39. Single Copy. 3 cents. Me American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ART-Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it Is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE best way to restore Sabbath observance, is to observe it. A good example will accomplish more in this ,direction than law or precept. ŁŁŁ1.- Ł 414. ----- THE Sabbath of the Lord is a gift; the man-made sabbath is an institution thrust upon the people by the force of civil pains and penalties. "-V,- Ł Ł114, THERE are always plenty of men in the world who are willing to become lawmakers for other people and by their zeal in this to atone for their own shortcomings. THE "concert" "concert" of "Christian" Europe will evidently always remain a thing to be, judging from the length of time the would-be participants have been vainly trying to get in tune with each other. THE rights of a Christian do not include the prohib-iting of other people from going contrary to his own reli-gious belief or practice. His rights are not concerned by his religious belief. THERE are a great many more heathen in the United States than there are Christians, determined by the Bible rule that all persons are heathen who do not know the Lord. THERE is a vast difference between being directed by the Lord, and being under the direction of some man who claims to speak for the Lord. We prefer to be guided by the Word of the. Lord, interpreted by his Spirit. A DISPATCH from Rome says that "the pope has in-structed the papal nuncio at Madrid to insist upon the clergy opposing Carlism and to urge the clergy to ear-nestly support the Spanish ministry and present Spanish dynasty." And the pope and clergy of "the church" never have anything to do with politics, no neverŠwell hardly ever, unless the interest of "the church" or something else demands it, and their own inclination justifies it. --ŁŁ11.- -4 IF it be true that the government has a right 'to enact laws for the preservation of morality, is it also true that morality can change with every change of the government and its regulations ? Since every govern-ment on the earth does change (and none more frequently than a republican government), and since morality does not change, how can the latter be properly a subject of governmental regulation? When human laws are altered, is there ever, in any case, an alteration of right and wrong?ŠCertainly not; and this is conclusive evidence that human legislation is not adapted to deal with right and wrong; or, in other words, with morality. Religious Right. RELIGIOUS right is the greatest boon that ever was given, or that ever could be given, to men. That is the truth: and, being the truth, in the nature of things such a boon coull come from God only. Religious right, as generally understood and as con-templated in these lines, is the right of every person to choose for himself in things religious without constraint of any kind from any person or source whatever. This freedom God has given to men, as is declared in the motto of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, in the words of the Lord Jesus, "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not." The right is given by the Lord to men, and is thus recognized by the Lord in men. This is illustrated in the transaction in the garden in Eden. The man was made in the image of God, to glorify 