*Ch. 8.5. d ch. 5. 24. ch. 7. 19. yn.. 78. 12. 135 9. CHAPTER XI. 1 An en/or/4E10n to obedience, 2 by their men etym.!. once of and'e great works, 8 by promise of God's greet blessings, 16 and by threatening, 18 A eareful study it required in cod's words. 26 The blessing and curse is set before them. THEREFORE thou shalt alone the Loan thy God, and b keep his charge, and his statutes, and his judg-ments, and his commandments, alway. 2 And know ye this day : for I speak not with your children which havo not known, and which have not seen cthe chastisement of the Loan your God, d his greatness, e his mighty hand, and his stretched out arm, 3 /And his miracles, and his acts, which he did in the midst of Egypt 14 That t I will give you the rain of your land in his due season, u the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil. 15 ye And I will 2send grass in thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest 2/ eat and be full. 13 Take heed to yourselves, a that your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and a servo other gods, and wor-ship them ; 17 And then b th0 LORD'S wrath be kindled against you, and he c shut up the heaven, that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest dye perish quickly front a the An exhortation Before CHRIST 1451. DEUTERONOMY, XI, to obedience. Before CHRIST 1451. e Lev. 26.4. ch. 28. 12. Joel 2.23. Um. 5.7. Ł Ps. 104. 14. Ifeb.give. ch. 6. 11. Joel 2. 19. 0 ch. 29.18. Job 31.27. a ch. 8.19. &30.17. 5 ch. 6.15. 0 I Kin. 8. 35. 2 Ohr. 6. 26.k7. 13. ,1 ch. 4. 26. , re ch. 10.12. OA 80.16.20. 52001, at WE have only a few Genuine Oxford Teachers' Bibles bound in fine brown levant morocco, divinity circuit, calf lined, silk sewed, Size 5 x inches. Specimen of type. HIHLHS round corners, gold edges. We will mark the name of any person designated by the purchasers upon the outside or inside of the cover, in gold letters, if it is desired, without extra charge, and send post-paid MAY 16, 1895. SIT,N9PINIOILA. 159 THE BIBLE DAY AND THE MEETING AT TROAS. --- A READER asks this question: " What reason have you for saying that the meeting of Acts 20: 6 was held on Saturday night and that a part of Sunday was spent in trav-eling ?" The Bible day, unlike the modern day, be-gins at the setting of the sun. That this is true is shown by several texts of Scripture. In the first chapter of Genesis we find repeat-edly the expression, " The evening and the morning were the first day," " The evening and the morning were the second day," etc. This alone would of course not be conclusive, though it is suggestive. But in Lev. 23: 32 we find the express command: " From even Unto even, shall ye celebrate your sabbath." That the " even " here referred to was marked by the setting of the sun is evident from Mark 1,: 32: " And at even, when the sun did set, they brought unto him all that were diseased," etc. The connection shows that the setting of the sun marked the close of the Sabbath, which, according to the commandment, was and,  is, the seventh day. !The-texts -cited-  establish clearly the fact that the Bible day commences with the even, that is, at the setting of the sun. The meet-ing at Troas was on the first day of the week. It was likewise an evening meeting, for " there were many lights in the upper chamber." But, according to the Bible, the evening of the first day of the week is not what we call Sunday evening, but what corresponds to our Saturday evening. This conclusion is un-avoidable. It follows therefore that " a part of Sunday was spent, by Paul and his com-pany, in traveling," for the record is, that after healing the young man who fell from the window, Paul " talked a long while, even till -hieUlk of day, so he departed." While of Luke and his companions we read: "We went before to ship, and sailed unto Assos, there in-tending to take in Paul; for so had he ap-pointed, minding himself to go afoot." The only reasonable conclusion to be arrived at from a careful reading of the whole account of the visit to Troas, is that arriving at Troas early on Sunday, Paul and his company spent an entire week there. At the close of the Sabbath, Luke and his companions sailed for Amos, but Paul tarried over night, held a farewell meeting with the church at Troas, and then went on foot to Assos, where he met his companions who had made the much longer journey by water. The twentieth chapter of Acts affords not even a hint of Sun-day sacredness, but rather the contrary. The view here presented is not peculiar to observers of the seventh day, but is identical with that presented by Conybeare and Howson, in their " Life and Epistle of the Apostle Paul," so far as the time of the Troas meeting and the Bible day are concerned. THE Evening Journal, of Lewiston, Maine, in its issue of May 7, gives some account of the Methodist Conference at Saco, Maine, in which it is related how the chairman " Rev. Dr. Stackpole, of Auburn, chairman of the committee on Sabbath observance," threw a bombshell into the conference in the shape of certain resolutions touching the observance of Sunday. One of the doctor's propositions was that whereas " the Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sabbath," "whatever ministers to his welfare, physical, mental, moral, and religious, is good," and not to be prohibited. " Recreation," says the doctor, " that brings real rest to the body and soul should not be prohibited." This was entirely  too liberal to.meet the mind of the conference as was also this proposition: " The notion that God is a stickler as to what twenty-four hours of the week should be specially conse-crated to him is belittling to God and man. Custom and propriety commend the Lord's day. . . . Great charity must be used to-ward those who conscientiously differ from us in the estimation of the day and its observ-ance." But this was an application of the seventh-part-of-time theory not to be tolerated in a Methodist conference, and so Dr. Stackpole's resolutions were rejected and others substi-tuted. The Maine Methodists have no char-ity to waste on those who differ from them as'to the day to be observed as the Sabbath. Ł -40- A GENTLEMAN, writing to the Dayton Republican, from Sherman Heights, a suburb of Chattanooga, Tenn., has this to say about the Adventist cases in Rhea County :Š I admire the stand you have taken in the matter of the arrest and imprisonment of the Seventh-day Ad-ventists. I am just as much in favor of law and order, and of the observance and conformity to the law, as any man, especially the obserVance of the day recognized by a great majority of the Christian people as the Sabbath, but this thing of straining at a gnat and swallowing an elephant is disgusting. A man who believes that he is doing no wrong, and in his judgment violating no law of the Bible, goes out and chops a little kindling wood or does some other work that he deems right on the day which he thinks is a week day. What a sensation is created! With what holy horror the saints hold up their hands and cry out, " Crucify him! Crucify him !" While he is at this labor, to him not wrong, along comes a railroad train, thundering and roaring and whistling and jarring the earth, disturbing the worshipers while engaged in their religious duties. Come to Sherman Heights, even, and you can go to the store and buy what you wish on Sunday. Picnics and various other amusements abound. In the large cities theaters are open day and night. On our rivers steamboats are plying their trade. Furnaces run full blast on Sun-day. Why does the law not take hold of them ? The question raised by the correspondent of the Republican is easily answered: the Sunday work of the Adventists is a protest against Sunday sacredness because it is coupled with Sabbath rest. Hence the offense to the moral sentiment of the community. for $5.55. Address, PUBLICATIONS ON THE SABBATH QUESTION, READ the following and see if there is not some publication among them which you desire to read, or which will benefit some friend:Š The Abiding Sabbath. BY A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath "prize essays," one of $500, and one of $1,000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question ; 174 pages ; price, 15 cents. Is Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church, By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says; what Protestants say. A most convincing document; 24 pages; price, 3 cents. "The Christian Sabbath.ﬂ No. 113 of the Library. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what-true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the Religious Liberty Li-brary; 38 pages; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of the Sabbath and first day of the week in religious life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation; 550 large octavo pages Ł price, cloth, $2,00; library binding, $2.50 PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. Oaklan ', Cal. Kansas City, Mo. History of the Doctrine of the Soul, among all races and peoples, ancient and modern, in-cluding theologians, philosophers, scientists, and un-tutored aborigines, carefully brought down to the present time. 186 pp., 12mo., 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. 