gEPTEMBER 2T, 1894. C.AN 303 those cases in which a party or individuals see fit to drag religion into politics and to become the tool of cliques, as un-A merican as they are un-Catholic."-New York Sun, Sept. 20. Joins the Catholic Church. NEW YORK, Sept. 9.-The Roman Cath-olic Church has gained a convert from Episcopalianism in the person of the Rev. Walter Clayton Clapp. The Rev. Mr. Clapp was received into the Catholic Church Friday by the Rev. Father Elli-ott, at the Paulist Church of St. Paul the Apostle. Dr. Clapp, during the time of his con-nection with the Protestant Episcopal Church, was known as a very high church-man. He is thirty-two years old. He was graduated from Amherst College in 1883. He is the son of a New York busi-ness man who is a deacon in the Baptist Church of the Redeemer in Harlem.-Washington Post, Sept. 10, 1894. Rome Wants Statistics. 10f the return of Dr. Burtsell to this country from Rome, the Tribune, of the 3rd. inst., says:---] HE has been appointed agent for the United States of the Society for the Propa-gation of the Encyclical Rerwm Novarum, for the proclamation of that body with his name attached has preceded him. His appointment as the agent of this society is considered by his friends to be a great honor. The Society for the Propagation of the Encyclical Rerum Novarm, of which little or nothing is known in this country, has for its object the promulgation and fos-tering of the principles of the encyclical of the pope on the labor question two years ago. It is one of special interest to the pope, and its president is Cardinal L. M. Parocchi, Vicar-General of the pope. Following is a copy of the proclamation, 'which will be distributed in every diocese for information concerning the working-men's organizations in the United States: Important to workingmen's societies. Society for the Propagation of the Encyclical Reruns Novaruns. His Eminence Cardinal L. M. Parocchi, Hon: Presi-dent. The committee has in hand the compilation of a collection of written opinions on the Encyclical (Reruns Novarson) and on its practical application. Until now, all the crowned heads of Europe, the episcopacy, and the most celebrated men of social sciencs have contributed to the work; and we are able to state that this demonstration of sympathy with his far-seeing views, has gladdened the heart of Leo XIII If by chance you have not taken part, we beg you to regard yourself as earnestly invited by this circular to do so at your earliest convenience. At this moment, more-over, the same committee is engaged in the compilation of statistics of all the practical works for the benefit of the working classes which have either been called into existence by the words of the Supreme Pontiff, or have brought themselves into conformity with the lines of action traced out in the encyclical. Hence, the committee earnestly begs you to second it in this undertaking by kindly writing answers to the ques-tions here enclosed. Then follows a blank form containing these questions, the answers to which are to be appended :- Number, names and location of workingmen's socie-ties, date of foundation, number of members. What percentage of total number of workingmen belong to the societies ? By whom are they managed ? Are there workingmen's banks ? What is the capital of each ? Has the encyclical produced an effect upon these societies ? The document closes with a space for the signature and residence of the sender, with the direction to forward to the Rev. Dr. Richard L. Burtsell, Rondout, New York. It was said that this commission, which has been given to Dr.- Burtsell at  the instance of the pope, may have some influence in hastening his return, for it is likely that the desired statistics should be prepared and transmitted as soon as pos-sible. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY LIBRARY. No. 1. Due Process of Law and the Divine Right of Dissent. A review of Judge Hammond's decision in the King case. By A. T. Jones. 120 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 2. Religious Intolerance in the Republic. A por-trayal of recent persecutions in Tennessee. 16 pages. Price, 2 cents. No. 3. Church and State. By James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar. 60 pages. Price, 10 cents. No. 4. The National Sunday Law. Arguments by A. T. Jones in opposition to the Blair Sunday-rest Bill. 192 pages. Price. 25 cents. No. 5. Sunday Laws in tate United States. By James T. Ringgold. 24 pages. Price, 3 cents. No. 6. The Captivity of the Republic. 128 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 7. Appeal and Remonstrance. 24 pages. Price, 3 cents. No. S. Appeal from the U. S. Supreme Court Decision Making this a "Christian Nation." A Protest. By A. T. Jones. 86 pages. Price, 15 cents. No. 10. Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question. 20 pages. Price, 2y2  cents. No. 11. The "Civil Sabbath;" or Disguised Religious Legislation. 12 pages. Price, VA cents. No. 12. The Columbian Year, and the Meaning of the Four Centuries. 44 pages. Price, 5y cents. No. 13. The Limits of Civil Authority. 12 pages. Price, cents. No. 14. Christ and the Sabbath. 40 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 15. Rome's Challenge: Why Do Protestants Keep Sunday 1 40 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 16. Our Answer: Why Do Seventh-day Adventists Suffer Imprisonment Rather Than Keep Sunday By A. F. Ballenger. 12 pages. Price, 1M cents. No. 18. Christ and the Pharisees ; or, Christ's Faithful-ness in Sabbath-keeping. 40 pages. Price, 5 cents. No. 19. 4 cents. No. 20. 25 cents. No. 21. 1M cents. No. 22. The Legal Sunday : Its History and Character. 260 pages. Price, 40 cents. The same in cloth, 75 cents. No. 23. The Sabbath Question in the Dominion Parlia-ment, as viewed by Hon. G. Amyot, M. P. 12 pages. Price, 1% cents. No. 24. What Do These Things Mean? The true mean-ing of the present unsettled condition of "Capital and Labor," finances, etc. 20 pages. Price, 2h cents. Annual subscription to the Library. $1 Liberal discounts on any of the numbers in quantities and to the trade. P7,&°1PIEIL.E.11EES OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. BY E. J. WAGGONER. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will be Sent Post-paid for $1.00 Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. Apples of Gold ENVELOPE SERIES  Library Tins is the title of a little monthly publication re-cently started by the Pacific Press, and is designed especially for use in personal correspondence. It is printed on thin paper, and one or two numbers can be put in a No. 6 envelope, with an ordinary letter, without increasing the postage. The following numbers have already been issued :- Looking unto Jesus. The Christian's Privile e. The Sure Promises of God. 4. How to Get Knowledge " 5. The Church and the World. (Poetry.) The Elect of God. " 7. How Esther Read Her Bible. The Thief on the Cross. The Eleventh Hour. " 10. Benefits of Bible Study. " 11. Righteousness: Where Is It to be Found ? The Power of Forgiveness. " 13. Responsibility of Parents. " 14. Choose Ye This Day. " 15. The Cross of Christ. Five copies for one year, postpaid, 50 cents; or 12 copies for $1.00. Single subscriptions are not desir-able, for two reason: (1) The numbers being so small they are liable to be lost in the mails. (2) If they are used in correspondence, as recommended, more than one copy would be necessary. Single or assorted numbers of the Library will be mailed in quantities at the following rates: 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand copies. Always order by the NUMBER. The Law of God as Changed by the Papacy Is the title of a large Chart just issued, which shows in a striking manner the blasphemous pre-tentions of the Papal power. The testimony of the Best Catholic Authorities is given, and shows, by quoting their own words, that Sunday is a child of the Catholic Church. These quotations, together with admissions from standard Catholic works, are arranged in parallel columns on either side of this Chart, while the center column contains the Ten Commandments as taught by the Catholic Church. The whole forms a collection of extracts of incalcu-lable value for every Bible student. The Charts are three by four feet in size, and are printed on heavy map cloth in bold type, easily read across the largest room. Price, Post-paid, $1,00. A fac-simile edition on thin paper, size 54- x inches, suitable for missionary distribution, has been prepared, and will be sent post-paid at 50 cents per hundred, or $4.00 per thousand. Any of the above may be obtained post free on re-ceipt of price by addressing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. ; 18 W. Fifth Street, Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond Street, New York City. Works on all phases of Bible truth. Send for catalogue. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - - - $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - - - .75 In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address, Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - ($2) 8s. Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A. You can Bind One Sheet, or three hundred sheets, in ten seconds. The Klip binds loose sheets. pamphlets, or magazines. If you want covers also, you had better send for a Klip price-list-that's free. If you will try the Klip, I will mail a sample dozen, six sizes, and a pair of Klip-Keys to put them on with for seventy-five cents. H. H. BALLARD, 193, Pittsfield, Mass. Protestantism, True and False. 32 pages. Price, Civil Government and Religion. 182 pages. Price, Congress on Sunday Legislation. 16 pages. Price, No. 1. 64 2.  41, 3.  " 6 " 9. 44 12.  