314 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A Conflict of Centuries. Ax editorial in The Outlook, of May 14, presents some interesting ideas relative to the historical signifi-cance of the war with Spain. The writer points out that the present conflict is but the breaking out in acute form of a struggle that has been going on for centuries be-tween Spanish and Anglo-Saxon civilization,Ša conflict involving the destiny of the world,Šthe first great act in which was the attempt of Philip, II. and his Spanish armada to overthrow Protestant England. "The war now being waged," says the writer, "is the end of the campaign which began in the reign of Queen Elizabeth. It is the last act in the great drama which stirred the world when little England faced the immense power of Spain on the high seas, and English pluck, skill, and audacity nobly dared and won, as did American pluck, skill, and audacity at Manila. Between Anglo-Saxon and Spanish civilization there is an irrepressible conflict. The differences are not merely in habit, dress, and taste; they are divergences of principle so funda-mental that they cannot co-exist in the same quarter of the globe. The two civilizations are mutually antago-nistic at every important point in civil, religious, and social ideas; wherever they meet they are compelled by their very nature to close in a death struggle. "That struggle began when America was discovered, and it will be ended only when the last Spanish official leaves the shore of the New World. Martin Luther nailed his theses on the door of the church in Wittemberg in the same year in which Spanish troopers were exploring and conquering Central America. In the struggle for religious and civil freedom which the Reformation inaugurated, Spain stood for merciless and arbitrary suppression of freedom of faith, worship, action, and thought. The im-placable bigotry of the Spanish priest has left an indelible image in the memory of Christendom. England and the Low Countries fought not for their own existence alone; they waged a war for humanity. All the dearest inter-ests of the race were in their keeping; and nobly did they guard the spiritual, and civic life of the future. The heroic figure of Drake stands out, despite his faults, like a min-ister of light against the relentless and saturnine genius of Philip II. "In that struggle for the right to live, breathe, think, and worship, England and the Low Countries fought against great odds. Spain had the treasuries of the New World at her hand, and she set the New World against the Old. When she was driven out of the Netherlands in 1609, she had already taken from this continent hun-dreds of millions in gold and silver, and had spent the greater part of it in the futile endeavor to annihilate Protestantism, and with it civil and religious liberty. The great English sailors saw early that the only way to destroy the power of Spain was to destroy the sources of her revenue, and it is to the foresight as well as courage of such men as Drake that the English speaking peoples in all parts of the world to-day largely owe their freedom and their prosperity. The indomitable admiral 'singed the King of Spain's beard' on both sides of the continent, and his name became a terror in that far Pacific which had until his coming been like an inland sea of Spain. "Out of that deadly conflict Spain emerged crippled and maimed. The Dutch had taken her Eastern posses- sions, and the English had secured the conditions neces-sary for English supremacy on the American continent. For the fate of America hung in the balance when the armada sailed; if Philip had crushed England, no English-speaking colony would have been planted in the Western World. 'The defeat of the invincible armada,' says Mr. Fiske, 'was the opening event in the history of the United States. It was the event which made all the rest possible.' "  ¨ 4 4 Make a Note of"This. ALL advocates of Sunday sacredness; all zealous op-posers of Sunday labor; all who believe and teach that God favors those who show special regard for Sunday, and frowns upon those who desperate it; all who main-tain that God will prosper this nation in proportion as it honors Sunday by enacting Sunday laws, closing all places of secular business, stopping all work in navy yards and other government works on that day; but that on the contrary he will not fight for them in their battles, nor prosper them otherwise unless they do thus exalt the man-made institution of Sunday as a holy rest day, should make careful note of the fact that the most important event and victory for the United States forces in the present conflict thus far, the destruction of the Spanish fleet at Manila, occurred May 1st, on a Sunday. This circumstance would not appear so peculiarly noteworthy were it not for the universal exultation in the victory and praise for the man who led in it, equally by these zealous advocates of Sunday sacredness as by others, and without even a protest heard against such a battle being fought upon Sunday, so long as the victory was ours. Had the issues of the engagement been reversed we, no doubt, would have heard much from these people giving as a reason for the defeat the fact that the en-counter was upon Sunday, and therefore the Lord could not prosper our forces. But the glory of conquest, the spirit of pride and boastfulness over an enemy, for the moment outshine and eclipse .the sentiment of religious regard for the day, whose only sanctity, at best, is that with which man has attempted to invest it. And what could more conclusively show that the glory and honor claimed for and bestowed upon the Sunday is but on a par and of the same character, in principle, with the glory and honor conferred upon the warrior and conqueror in human warfare, viz., the glory in and honor to men? "Thus saith the Lord, Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches: but let him that glorieth glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am the Lord which exercise lov-ingkindness, judgment, and righteousness in the earth: for in these things' I delight, saith the Lord." Jer. 9: 23, 24. E. W. WHITNEY. Boulder, Colo. 