172 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. this discussion is, Is the Sabbath God's, or is it Caesar's? If it is the Lord's, then render it to God, not by Cnsar, or through Caesar, but to God, because it is his. The Sabbath is the Lord's ; then we should render it to God, not because Cesar says so, but because we should render to God the things that are God's, and the Sabbath is the Lord's, and God does not ask Caesar to have anything to do with rendering to him the things that are his. We are to remember the Sabbath day in obedience to the command of God, and Caesar has no right to say whether we shall or shall not render obedience to that command. But the Lord will hold us individually responsi-ble for his claims upon us, and we will have to settle that with God. Therefore, it seems to me that the logical conclusion of the matter is that God does not want us to frame laws that would compel anybody to render obedience to that which he claims as his. "Now let me illustrate : Suppose we take that precept and appeal to the divine law in support of the idea that we should remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy. Now, I ask, what would be the result of it? The result of it would be that the first question to be decided is, What was the intent of the Lawgiver in giving the la*? Cooley, in his Constitutional Limitations,' says: It is the intent of the lawgiver that is to be en-forced.' Then the object of the State is to en-force the intent of the lawgiver when the law was made. Suppose we apply that to the divine law. What was the intent of the Lawgiver in making the law concerning the Sabbath? It was to enforce the seventh day as the Sabbath. Then applying this rule of interpretation in the enforcement of law, would we not be obliged to keep the sev-enth day, as that was, unquestionably, the intent of the Lawgiver when the law was made? But even suppose that the intent of the Lawgiver should be carried out by a civil enactment, com-pelling all people to keep the seventh day, I should as strongly oppose any such an enactment as I would if it enforced the observance of the first day of the week, on the ground that it would interfere with the rights of conscience of those who conscientiously believe they should observe the first day of the week, and that civil govern-ment has no right to interfere with the rights of conscience, or to legislate with reference to religion, or to dictate what a man shall or shall not believe. "If the State has a right to enforce one pre-cept because it is a divine commandment, it has a right to enforce all other religious obligations, because they are divine commandments. It is unsafe for us to appeal to the divine law and make that the basis of our statute laws simply because it is a divine law. Civil laws are the natural outgrowth of the civil relations of man with his fellowman. It is the province of human government, if that be true, to legislate only with respect to these civil relations. Then, suppose we should appeal in the enforcement of the fourth commandment to the divine law, as stated by Brother Gault, why would we not then be at lib,  erty to take another step and appeal to another precept, which says, 'If thy brother trespass against thee, rebuke him; and if he repent, for-give him. And if he trespass against thee seven times in a day, and seven times in a day turn again to thee, saying, I repent; thou shalt forgive him.' Then would we not have an equal right to appeal to this precept and enforce it by civil statute? But if this were done, how could a criminal ever be brought to trial in any court of  justice ? And so when we come to look the mat-ter squarely in the face, in consideration of these facts, we see that the true province of civil gov-ernment, as declared in our Saviour's words, is to render to Caesar only the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Mr. W. P. Gray, secretary of the convention, then said :Š "I for one have made this question very much of a study, especially that topic of it. To appeal to divine authority in our legislation on this sub-ject would be to fundamentally change the law of our land, or the principle adopted by our fathers when they said that all Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. I for one do not believe that, as a political maxim, Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. And I believe with Mr. Gault on this, I think. And so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law. Jefferson was under the influence of French ideas when the Constitution was framed; and than.  had something to do with leaving God out of the Constitution. And I think that the provincial history of this country will compel us to come back to that and recog-nize God in our Constitution. And I see in this reform a providence teaching us the necessity of recognizing something else besides the will of the people as the basis of government." A Significant Proposal. THE feverish, restless spirit of the times, and the tendency of the age towards legislation, which interferes with the individual rights of conscience, are well exemplified in a proposal by the trustees of the Normal College of New Jersey of an amendment to the State constitution "prohibiting the establishment of schools the purpose of which is to withdraw pupils from the public schools." Of course the amendment is aimed directly at parochial schools, but great as is the evil of Rom-ish opposition to our common schools, the remedy proposed by the trustees of the Normal College would be a great deal worse. It is right that the State should require every parent to afford his child an opportunity to acquire a good educa-tion in the common branches of knowledge, but to go farther than that and say that the child must be educated in this, school, or in that, is a most unwarranted invaslorr,of private rights. If Protestants, because they are in the majority, have a right to say that Catholic children shall be educated in the public schools, it must follow that where Catholics are in the majority they have the right to say that Protestants shall send their children to church schools. There are some things for which people are properly answerable only to God, and certainly the matter of giving religious instruction to, or of withholding it from, their children is One of those things. The State may require Catholics, or Presbyterians, or Methodists, and, in short, people of all denominations, to educate their children, but the moment it forbids the es-tablishment of denominational schools, and re-quires that all shall send to the State schools, it strikes down religious liberty, and tramples upon the sacred rights of conscience. " Pur them in mind to be subject to princi-palities and powers, to obey magistrates, to he ready to every good work." Titus 3 :1. Straws Tell Which Way the Wind Blows. THE Freidereker is a German paper published in Milwaukee, Wis., devoted to the interests of re-ligious liberty. In the issue of May 26 are some resolutions passed on Catholics' Day at Vi-enna, during the first week of May last. The document reads as follows :Š In consideration that the general observance of Sun-day rest is of the highest importance in a religious and social view; and, In consideration that the Christian holidays are to the Catholics just as sacred as the Sundays, and that they are the holidays of the by far overwhelming ma-jority of the population of Austria ; Therefore, the Catholics' Day asks that the law pro-hibiting industrial labor on Sundays be carried out more strictly than heretofore, and that the granting of exceptions by means of special ordinances be re-stricted still more by law. 2. That the prohibition of all industrial labor be ex-tended anew to all Christian holidays. 3. That the benefit of rest on Sundays and holidays be extended by law to the employes in public offices, as well as to all private offices not in the service of the Government, and especially as much as possible to the officers and employes of the public institutions of transportation and travel. The language of the above petition is plain, and shows the inevitable drift of all religious legisla-tion by the State. By this straw, although in a foreign country, we may easily forecast the prevail-ing direction of the wind in the United States when the Blair measures shall have been enacted into laws. At that meeting the Catholic loyalties of the entire Austrian Empire were represented by delegates, under the guidance of their priests, bishops, and cardinals, working in the interest of the church. The European powers were urged to re-enthrone the Pope of Rome, and delegates pledged themselves to support and favor the church press and the church schools. With the Protestant churches in America banded together in a "National Reform Associa-tion" to further 'the work of making an image to the Papacy within our own Government, is there not cause for alarm at the menace to our religious liberty. May the American people read correctly the signs of the times. There are breakers ahead. *** Columbus, Ohio. Secretary Foster's Leap in Logic. SECRETARY FOSTER, of the National Reform Association, has a letter in the Christian States-man, of April 18, in which he says:Š " But even on the secular theory, Sabbath laws should be enforced. Mart has an inalienable right to the seventh part of time for rest. The Govern-ment, as the institution of human rights, should secure this right. That would prohibit all common labor on the Sabbath." We pity the intelligence of the man who is honest in such an argument. Secretary Fos-ter, haven't you the civil right to rest on Wed-nesday, if you want to? Is it any of our business, or the Government's business, if you lay aside your National Reform nonsense, and indulge in absolute rest every Wednesday? Don't hesitate; tell the truth, and say, No. Very well, "the Government as the institution of human rights should secure this right. That would prohibit all common labor on" Wednesday. And haven't you the right so far as the civil gov-ernment is concerned, to rest every day if you have money to pay your bills ?ŠCertainly you have, and it is' the duty of the Government to se-cure to you this right. "That would prohibit all common labor" forever. 