a AmignatinAN VoL. 1, No. 0. Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou 'shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made, heaven and earth, the sea, .and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the seventh day, and hallowed it." But who was it that created all things ? ŠIt was Christ. Who was it that rested at the close of the creative work ?ŠIt was Christ. Who was it that pronounced the blessing upon this day ?ŠIt was Christ. Who was it that rehearsed this fact at Sinai, and gave as a reason for the rest that he created the heaven and the earth in six days and rested on the seventh ?ŠIt was Christ. Who was it, then, that pronounced a blessing upon the day, and hallowed it, and sanctified it ?ŠIt was Christ. And for what purpose was it ?ŠIt was as a reminder of the power of God manifested through Christ in creation, that we might be comforted, that we might be encouraged, as we remember that the same power which wrought through Christ in the creation of the heaven and the earth is pledged to work through Christ for our re-creation. It is to point out in a more definite way than we learn from the material universe the redemptive work of Christ. It should appear very plainly, as it does in the Scriptures, that the Sabbath idea is to reveal Christ to the world, Christ in creation, and so Christ in redemption. It is for this reason that, the Saviour said, in Mark 2: 28, " Therefore the Son of Man is Lord also of the Sabbath day." Most certainly, because it was his day. So most appropriate it is that, in Rev. 1:10, John says, " I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day." Most appropriate. This day is to remind us of the creative work of Christ, of the rest of Christ, of the power of Christ in re-creation, that is, in redemption. The Sabbath idea, the Sab-bath institution, is to point out Christ to us, to reveal his power to us, and is de-signed to be an encouragement to every believer in Christ. SPIRITUAL REST. It is important to notice what was done to this day. The record in the second chapter of Genesis, which is the first men-tion that we have of the Sabbath, says, " He rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made." It is ap-parent to your minds at once that the Creator of the ends of the earth, who never wearies, and who never is faint, did not rest on that first seventh day because he had wearied himself in the work of creation. Said Christ to the woman of Samaria, " God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." God being spirit, his rest must be spiritual req. And that is a mattes of no small importance, because we overlook the whole idea of the Sabbath when we 'take it to mean a day of physical rest. Who rested on that day ?ŠChrist, who was the agent in creation, rested on that day. Because he was tired ?ŠNot in any sense. It was a spiritual rest. He rested and was refreshed. He took delight in viewing the works which he had made. That was the rest. Sabbath means rest, and from the very nature of the institu-tion of the Sabbath, it means spiritual rest. Observe the practical application of that idea. If physical rest is the only idea of the Sabbath, man can rest on one  day just as well as another. He can do more; he can divide up his rest during the several days of the week, and he can rest three or four hours each day, as may suit him. He may rest rainy days and work sunshiny days if he pleases, if phys-ical rest is the only idea of the Sabbath. Let it be understood that refraining from work is not Sabbath keeping. It may be Sunday keeping; it may be Saturday keeping; it may be Friday keeping; it may be Monday keeping, but it is not Sabbath keeping. It is not Sabbath keep-ing, because the idea of Sabbath is spirit-ual rest. And in no other way can the Sabbath be kept than as a spiritual rest. It will therefore be seen at once that all theories of Sabbath keeping which rest upon the idea of physical recuperation, are good for nothing. It is true that man can enforce abstinence from labor, but he cannot enforce Sabbath keeping. A man may be forced to refrain from physical work; he may be kept in idleness, but no one can enforce Sabbath keeping. It is a spiritual thing entirely. You will also see the consequence that grows out of this, and that is that all human devices, all human power to compel rest, with the idea of keeping the Sabbath, are wholly wrong. Many a man who has tried to keep the Sabbath, has been unable to keep it; many a man who has longed to keep the Sab-bath, has not kept it. He has refrained from work on the Sabbath day, but he has not kept the Sabbath. We shall see plainly why, as we proceed. Think of the impossibility, nay, more, think of the wickedness, of trying to compel a man to do what he himself cannot do if he wants to; trying to compel a man to do that which he himself has tried to do, perhaps for years, and has been unable to do. There must be something more than human power, there must be the power of God in Sabbath keeping. We shall see that more plainly as we go on. ( To be continued.) "Are We Cherishing a Viper?" UNDER the heading given above, the Christian Statesman of October 23, ar-raigns the papacy asŠ the most powerful organized enemy civil liberty has ever contended against. . . . There is not an offense against human rights and liberties but may be justly charged against the papacy. . . . By her half-heathenish system of Christianity she has held the millions under her authority in the greatest darkness, mental and spiritual. . . . The papacy has not changed. She cannot change. . . . She is so con-structed that she must insist on absolute supremacy over men and nations. . . . What is the purpose of this representative of the pope among us ? We know he has no sympathy with free government. Ł . The government that is warming the papacy is warm-ing a viper that will some day sting it to the heart. . . . Let the American people say to this foe of human libery, " Hands off !" Would that all could read the character and aims of the papacy as the Statesman has presented it. Her history for a thou-sand years is before us, written in the blood of the saints. And just as surely as "the fundamental doctrines of her system forbid" that she change, just so surely is she to-day insisting upon " absolute su-premacy over men and nations." And in order to gain this she is looking to and silently taking captive this boasted land of liberty in which we are living. A cor-respondent of the New York Sun, of July 11, 1892, stated that Pope Leo XIII. " hails in the united American States and  in their young and flourishing church the source of a new life for Europeans." In the Catholic Mirror, of September 30, 1893, a European writer, in an article entitled, " Leo and Cardinal Gibbons," states thatŠ in Europe they say of Cardinal Gibbons as they say of Cardinal Manning. . . He is for many, a religion ; for all, a representative man.. . . At a time when Europe is being transformed, when she is seeking eagerly for examples to imitate and models to copy, this vision is fruitful. From the Catholic point of view, this communion exercises a salutary influence. Is not Catholicity a perpetual communion, and must we not glean the golden ears from all lands ? The church is a veritable ocean, with its flux and reflux renewing life at each instant. Cardinal Gibbons is for us all a power, and model. The Americans will never forget (and especially in the crisis through which they are passing), that Europe has its eyes fixed upon them, and that they have a mission to fulfill. In 1830 we passed the British Channel; since the affairs of the Knights of Labor, we pass the ocean. This is why the feast of the cardinal will be a feast for us all. In the next paragraph the writer states that above all it will be a Roman feast, and that the cardinal is one of those rare ones that understand the pontiff and his profound designs, and then exclaims, " Thus the triumph of Rome is about to become absolute." In the Mirror of September 16, the papal ablegate, Satolli, said that " here in America is the key to the future," and that the pope had especially charged him to speak words of hope, of blessing and encouragement. But the worst of it all is that professed Protestants to-d ay are doing all in their power to bring this very thing about. And just as surely as Judas Iscar-iot was guilty when he asked the ques-tion, " Is it I ? "Šis the Statesman guilty of the very thing it asks. The editors of the Statesman may not realize it,Šwe do not believe Judas did,Šuntil,like him, they will see at last the fatal step when it is for-ever too late. Does not the Statesman, which claims to read the character and aims of the papacy, know the means that was employed in the past by this power to gain this supremacy ? And cannot its editors see that the very means is being employed to-day to restore power to her again, when she will say, " I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sor- row" ? We not only have it upon the pages of history as clear as the noon day sun, but we have the unerring word of God that it was done and will be done again. " In the movement now in progress in this country to secure for the institutions and usages of the Church the support of the State, Protestants are following in the steps of the papacy; nay, more, they are opening the door for popery to regain in Protestant America the supremacy she, has lost in the Old World. And that which gives greater significance to this move- ment is the fact that the principal object contemplated is the enforcement of Sunday observance, a custom which originated with Rome, and which she claims as the sign of her authority." In this movement the Christian Statesman has been engaged ever since it has had an existence. What is the use of arraigning the papacy when at the same time those who make the arraignment are doing the very thing that will bring the papacy into power again? Has not the Statesman said that Protest-ants would gladly join hands with papists if they would cooperate in resisting the progress of political atheism ? And did not the Statesman state in the very issue in which this power was arraigned that in the congresses to celebrate 1900 A. D. Liberals and Catholics could unite without 