AMERICAN SENTINEL. 427 whom religion was unconnected with life, heard the same sound of words, but the words of life fell on deaf ears.ŠThe Oriental Watchman. Sunday Closing in Brewer, Maine. "Bangor Daily News," June V. THERE is a strange condition of affairs in Brewer now, as a result of the effort to have all the stores, ex-cept drug stores, remain closed during Sundays. A petition to the mayor last week, asking that the law against transacting unnecessary business on Sunday be enforced, resulted in City Marshal Fickets making a tour of the city on Saturday and notifying the dealers who have been keeping open shop on Sundays to close up in the future. The dealers didn't like it a little bit, but it was thought that they would obey the order and keep their doors locked on Sunday. They didn't close, however, for there was no time Sunday when a person could not have purchased any-thing that he wished in the way of ice cream, soda, cigars and groceries, and it must be said that manyŠyes, a great many Brewer people availed themselves of the op-portunities, as they have for years past; and appeared glad that the order had not been obeyed. It is understood that the signers of the petition are going to do their utmost to have the law enforced, while on the other hand the business men affected by the order say that they will make a fight. Said one of the business men : "If they make us close our stores on Sunday, which is our best day, we'll take a hand at having the old Blue Laws enforced. They've no right to say that the soda and cigar stores shall be closed, but that the drug stores can keep open. The law doesn't give the drug stores the right to sell cigars and soda on Sunday, while the straight cigar and soda places must close. "Another point if they persist in closing us up, we will see what we can do about closing business of all kinds, stables, drug stores, street cars, milk wagons and bakeries, and I guess we can stop Sunday pleasure riding and walking. "Yes, sir; I think we can be able to give them all the Blue Laws they want." A CIGAR dealer of South Norwalk, Conn., was recently 'fined for selling cigars on Sunday, the judge of the court holding that tobacco is not a necessity of life, and hence cannot be included among the things exempt from the law. In this the judge has struck out one of the absur-dities of the Sunday law,Šthat which allows the sale of tobacco and forbids the sale of breadŠbut the unjust principle of Sunday laws is not made any better by re-lieving them of their incotisidencies. Studies in French History Š29. "Wno was the Duke of Bedford?" asked Charlie White, as the scholars took their places in the pleasant class room. "Rob and I both got a little mixed over that point." "Can any of my girls or boys help him out? if so, don't be afraid to speak," replied the teacher. "I was a little uncertain on this very point, and so I asked Aunt Eunice," said Julia March. "She said that the Duke of Bedford was the man whom the king of Eng-landŠHenry FifthŠbefore he died, appointed to act as ruler in France till the baby king of England grew up big enough." "That is quite good, Julia. I'm glad you care enough about these lessons to ask questions about them. Now we will go on with our lesson about Jeanne Dare, or Joan of Arc, as she is sometimes called. "Charles VII. was an extremely selfish and ungrateful fellow, for he made no effort to do anything for the poor creature who had done so much for him,Šnot even offer-ing a ransom for the devoted maid, who had risked all for love of her country and her king. The English duke dared not put her to death, for he feared as well as hated her. So he did a contemptible thing; he set human blood - hounds,Šthe bishops of the church,Šupon her track." "I don't see what right the bishops had to meddle with the matter," protested Joe Palmeter, indignantly. "They ought not to have had anything to do with it, Joseph, but alas! they did,Šthey did; and they pretended to find some trouble with her religious belief. At least they did not agree with her in every particular, and this was sufficient to send her to the stake." "You don't mean to say, professor, that this is the reason she was burned," said Florence Ray. "They made it an excuse, and over her head the cruel bishop wrote the words, 'Heretic, Apostate, Idolator,' The work of the Maid of Orleans, as she was also called, did not stop at her death," continued the teacher, "but it was taken up by others,Šthe Count of Richmont tak-ing a prominent part, until the country was all retaken from the English, and Charles the Victorious, as he was called, marched into Paris a proud conqueror." "Wlio was the Count of Richmond, professor?" asked Will Palmeter. "You say he acted a prominent part in the retaking of France from England," 