232 AMERICAN SEN THE oppressiveness of the laws against Stundists in Russia is shown by the two following clauses of an en-actment which is still in force: "The children of Stun-dists are to be taken from their parents and are to be confided to the care of such relatives as belong to the Orthodox Church, and if such are not to be found, then the children are to be given into the care of the Orthodox clergy of the place." "Every Stundist who is found reading the Bible or praying with others will be arrested and without further warning will, by 'administrative measures,' be transported to Siberia, or some other dis-tant part of the empire. Every minister of this sect is to be sentenced to penal servitude in the mines." Ł * A GERMAN view of American "expansion" is given in the following from a Berlin journal:Š "The Americans will have a forehead of brass if they celebrate the centenary of Washington's death this year, for they have scattered his principles to the winds, and are annexing one island after another. The English are leading them into a slough." * * * THE Rev. T. C. Iliffe, who is in charge of Methodist missions in Utah, is much exercised over the prospective seating of the Mormon Congressman elect, Brigham Roberts, in the national assembly. To do this would, he declares, "be to throw to the winds the millions of dollars expended by the churches in years of missionary efforts in Utah." * Does this mean that the civil government has power to nullify the missionary work of the Christian Church? If this be so, is not a union of church and state a neces-sity to the success of missionary effort? If this be not the meaning of his words, what do they mean? * * IN connection with the subject of the czar's coming Peace Congress, it is reported that the pope is of the opinion that it would be well to create a permanent Com-mittee of Arbitration as a guarantee of European peace. Russia, it is said, is in favor of the idea; and it is ex-pected that the establishment of such a committee will figure on the program of the Conference. But the pope will not be in favor of any committee clothed with such power unless the majority of the com-mittee shall be Roman Catholics. PROTESTANTISM is reported to be making progress in Austria to an extent which has aroused the attention of the government. A branch of the Evangelical Alliance in Berlin resolved to provide a fund for promoting evan-gelical work in Austria, whereupon the Roman Catholics notified the authorities to enforce the law expelling from the country all foreigners implicated in agitations likely to disturb the public order. The law, applying only to foreigners, did not of course meet the purposes of the Romanists, but they employed it as the best instrument they had for combatting the Protestant work. It is a good illustration-of the use of law to serve the purposes of religious intolerance. In addition to this, the Protes-tants are denounced as being guilty of high treason. * THE pension list will, it appears, be considerably augmented as one result of the war with Spain. For example, the statement is made on good authority that more than two hundred members of the Eighth Illinois Colored Volunteers mustered out of the service recently, intend to file claims for pensions as compensations for physical disabilities. In one company all but five claim to be disabled. They say their health has been ruined ny the tropical malaria, and they are in no condition to resume the positions they held before going to war. * * * THE proclamation issued by the Government to the Filipinos promises them all kinds of desirable things in government. They will have under American rule "an honest and effective civil service," "a pure, speedy, and effective administration of justice," the fullest protec-tion of civil rights and religious freedom, "a sound, economical basis," for "the collection and application of all taxes and other revenues," public funds "raised justly and collected honestly;" and "reforms in all de-partments of the government" and "all branches of the public service" "will be undertaken without delay and effected conformably with right and justice," and "in a way to satisfy" the "highest sentiments and aspirations of the people." * * The American Government appears to have unlim-ited confidence in itselfŠfar more indeed than is war-ranted by existing conditions at home. If these prom-ises to the Filipinos are even approximately fulfilled, the Philippines will have the best civil government on the earth. * * The Filipinos are not supposed to be familiar with civil affairs in the United States; but if they were would they not reply in the words of the familiar proverbŠ"Physician, heal thyself?" * * * WRITING on the subject of "What the Beef Scandal Teaches," Gen. G. W. Wingate, President of the National 