dG Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yefferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 5, 1891. NUMBER 6. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. illoKEE. SENATOR,  CARLISLE says: " It is the duty of the Government to administer public affairs, and the duty of the people to manage their own private affairs." ACCORDING to the Utica Press, Mr. Crafts says that "the European Sabbath is conceded by the rulers in order to appease the,  people. They call it personal liberty, but we know it means slavery." A likely story, that the people clamor for slavery ! ALL questions of political economy and of party politics are insignificant com-pared with the great questions of personal liberty, the maintenance of our public schools and the perpetuation of religious" freedom in these United States.ŠRev. R. S. MacArthur. D. D. A JEWISH . monarch by grasping the holy censer, lost both his scepter and his freedom. [2 Chron. 26 :19.] A destiny as little to be envied may be the lot of the American people who hold the sovereignty of power, if they, in the person of their representatives, shall attempt to unite in the remotest degree, Church and State.ŠCol. Richard M. Johnson.  Ł-Ł-Ł  JEFFERSON'S doctrine was that all men are' created free and equal. Of course he did not mean that the Congo negroes, as we find them in Africa, are equal in abil-ity or attainment, to the Anglo-Saxon as he is to-day. Our understanding of Jeffer-son's declaration has always been, that in political rights and privileges our Creator  had made all men equal, but that human pride and selfishness had made distinc-tions and privileged classes. Jefferson as-serted the essential doctrine of democracy. Stated in other words, it means that every American citizen should have an equal chance as far as our laws affect him.ŠFarm, Field, and Stockman. Evils of Paternalism. MRS. SALLY JOY WHITE has written a book, on cookery in the public school, and a Western paper comments upon the fact as follows :Š Much of the misery and unhappiness in woman's life is caused by her ignorance in the most simple things in domestic life. Mrs. White advocates a kitchen in every girls' school, at public expense. Anything in the public school which will give the child an idea, is commendable. Two thousand girls are receiving training in kitchens now, in Boston. A girl cannot know woman's work if not taught, and as boys are being taught in technical schools to do men's work so should the girls be taught to do women's work also. The world is becoming mere practical, schooling is in keeping with the age in which we live, and to it we must look for a higher grade of morals among the rising generation of both sexes: It is true that ignorance of now to pre-pare healthful and palatable food is de-plorable, but it 'does not follow that the State should undertake to give instruction in cookery. " Boys are being taught in technical schools to do men's work," and very properly so too, but the cases are by no means analogous: Few homes afford the facilities for giving a mechanical and business education, such as is demanded for boys, but every home does, or at least should, afford facilities for giving instruc-tion in common household duties includ-ing practical cooking; and it is in the home and by the mother, or at least under the supervision of the mother, and under home influences, that girls should receive this instruction. There would be nothing radically wrong in the State's giving this instruction, as there would be in its teaching religion. The evil in it is that it is right in line with the mischievous idea, that 'seems to  be rapidly gaining ground in this country, that the parents owe no duty to their children after they arrive at a school age. except to feed and clothe them. Indeed, it is seriously proposed to practically turn the children over to the State at a still more tender age than formerly. A recent number of the Catholic Review notes the fact that "the kindergarten is becoming popular in this country, and a society has been organized in the city of New York to establish independent kindergartens, which may in time become the property of the public school system." " There is," says the Review, " more significance in this movement than appears on its sur-face." And the significance is in the trend which we have indicated. It shows that the tendency of the times is to in-crease the influence of the State upon the life of the child and to minimize that of the parent; to make the State everything to the child and the parent nothing. Judging from present indications it will not be long until the only duty of parents, as such, will be to beget and bear children for the State; teachers in the employ of the State to do the rest. The evil is a wide-spread and growing one, and has obtruded itself even upon the attention of Congress. In a speech_ in the House, January 15, Mr. Clements, a member of the Committee on Appropria-tions, said :Š People come about our committee rooms full of sentiment. They tell us that it is better to provide school-houses and free school books and everything of that kind than to spend money in maintaining penitentiaries and prisons. That is a very beautiful statement. It sounds very well; and it is all right. But so far as I have been able to observe; it does not necessarily follow that because a man or a woman is educated therefore he does not deserve to go to the penitentiary. As a gentleman near me suggests, something may depend upon whether a child is educated at the public expense; for if he has strug-gled individually tc buy his books and find time to go to School and to take care of himself, he will most probably make a virtuous and industrious man. In the same lino we had before the Committee a proposition to establish about ten kindergartens here in the city of Washington. I do not desire to make any criticism upon the estimable ladies who repre- 