cival and E.xect Justice to all Men, of° Whatever state or Persuasion, Religious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, MAY 4, 1893. NUMBER 18. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, NT THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM H. MC KEE. WHAT is the origin of the present de-velopment of human law for the enforce-ment of religion ? Paul asked the Thes-salonians if they did not remember that when he was with them he had told them of these things; that they should let no man deceive them, for there should be a falling away and the man of sin be re-vealed, by whom the mystery of iniquity was already, even at that time, working. THE Thessalonians were to rememberŠand are we to forget that this was said to them ?Šthat God was to be opposed, and there should be one who would exalt him-self above God, and should, from the very temple of God itself, attempt to show that he was himself God. They were told not to forgetŠand are we to fail to remem-ber ?Šthat the iniquitous workings, then begun in secret, should at length be re-vealed, and that which was planned in secrecy should finally be proclaimed on the housetops. THIS subtle deceivableness of unright-eousness which is now working with power and signs and lying wonders is the mystery of the deeds of sin of that wicked one who will be consumed and destroyed by the brightness of the coming of the Lord. This wicked one still works in secret and his deeds are yet a mystery to mostŠbut not to all. That mysterious antichristian influence which has perme-ated the worldŠhas invaded and cor-rupted its churchesŠhas, with consum-mate tact and diplomacy, insinuated itself into civil councils and dominated govern-mentsŠis not now utterly unknown. PROPHECY has pointed out the progress of the mystery of iniquity, and history has recorded the fulfillment and realiza-tion of prophecy step by step, and empha-sized each prophetic milestone by such unmistakable inscriptions that the unlet- tered wayfarer, even, may understand, and all who run the race along life's highway may read. The line of march of the mysterious commander of the forces of antichrist is marked by ever-increasing inroads into the confines of true religion and civil justice; pagan observances, un-holy rites, and idolatries have been added to, or mingled with, the methods of wor-ship, and practiced, until they have be-come the accepted forms; those who have resisted the encroachments of evil, and remained true to the teaching of Christ and the apostles, acknowledging no rival authority, and submitting their lives to no rule but that of God and his word, have, at the behest of this commander, filled the cells of the Inquisition, suffered under its instruments of torture, fed the flames with their flesh, and soaked the earth with their blood. THE same spirit of fraud, and violence, and force, and cruelty, and injustice, is now at work. Its field of operations is not circumscribed; it is not confined to the battle grounds of former campaigns; fresh fields of conquest have opened in this New World. The same tactics which have been so successful in former ages, in forms modified to suit the age, the social and political conditions, are being put into practice in this country. Religious ob-servances, pagan and idolatrous in their derivation, have been ingrafted into the accepted religious formality and they have grown and developed until they over-shadow the real purpose of religion, and take the place in the minds of their devo-tees of true religion itself. The test of a profession of religion has become the ac-ceptance of the popular and accepted forms of superficial and fashionable devo-tion, and a zeal for the legal enforcement of the national religion by pains and pen-alties. The highest development of civil processes yet attained in any government is that now in vogue in the United States. In just that proportion in which it is available for proper governmental uses when correctly applied, in just that same degree, when unjustly and incorrectly ap-plied, may it become an engine of perse-cution and of civil injustice. THOSE now occupy the highest seat in the synagogue who ignore Christ and his teachings, and, while professing to accept the Word of God, deny the authority of its precepts and affirm the authority of the traditions of men. The pulpit has been set in the open doorway of the tem-ple of Janus. While it remains there the doors can never be shut. From such a pulpit only the gospel of force can be preached,Šthe policeman's club, the pris-oner's dock, the common jail. The mis-sionaries from this pulpit are the detective, the informer, and the white cap. Such a gospel does not persuade or convert, it subjugates; it does not convict of sin, it establishes the sinner in a hypocrisy which covers evil with an affectation of good, and imputes evil where good is. Legal Religion Antichristian. THAT civil legislation on religious ques-tions is inimical to liberty of conscience, has often been shown in these columns, but that any interference whatever by the civil power is just as inimical to the work of the gospel itself may be just as clearly shown. The gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ is not merely a code of morals for the regulation of outward con-duct but is the mystery of God for the moral transformation of the human soul, through the divine power that resides in that gospel, and which accompanies it, when carried in humble reliance on that power and on that power alone. The Scriptures teach that the gospel is the mystery of God for the regeneration of the natural, or carnal mind, which, it is declared, "is enmity against God; for it is not subject to the law of God, neither, indeed, can be. So then they that are in the flesh can not please God. But ye are not in the flesh but in the Spirit, if so be that the Spirit of God dwell in you." * This is a most positive statement that all true moral reformation is the work of the Spirit of God; and this the Spirit accom-plishes through the gospel, which is "the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." t And not only has God ordained the means by which moral reformation shall be wrought in the human soul, namely, by faith in the gospel, but he has also *Rom. 8: 7, 8. 1Rom. 1: 16. 