190 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Church Bar. REV. DR. W. S. RAINSFORD, Pastor of St. George's Church, this city, has ad-vanced a novel idea in regard to the solu-tion of the saloon problem. In a recent interview Dr. Rainsford said to a reporter of the Evening Sun:Š You can not stamp out an evil such as saloons. I have never advocated attempting reforms in this way, and I do not believe that they are practicable. What we must do is to provide substitutes which will not be tainted with vice and unwholesome surroundings. In such a thickly populated city as ours to attempt to do away with saloons is simply impossible. But we can do the next best thing, and that is, we as a Christian community can pro-vide the beer demanded by those who want it, and elevate the standing of the saloon to a level which it has never occupied. Business men of the churches can open saloons and run them profitably. I do not mean to give away the beer, but to sell it at good prices with a profit. Let the saloons maintain themselves. They could do so. I only wish that I myself had the money with which to demonstrate that this is the only successful way to deal with this problem. Would I sell whisky in these saloons? No, I don't think that I would, but beer, light wines, coffee, and chocolate, I certainly would. Reading rooms could be introduced and the saloons made an attractive place of resort, without intemper-ance. What is more, I would have them open on Sun-d y during the proper hours, but they would be so managed that they would conform strictly to the laws and in no way evade or break them. OF course "proper hours" for Sunday opening of saloons would be hours that would not interfere with church services. The idea is not likely to become popular, however. To Read or Not to Read. THE Dispatch, of Pittsburg, reports the member of the Pennsylvania Legislature, who, in 1889, introduced the bill for the repeal of certain portions of the Sunday law of 1794 as saying :Š I think my bill could be passed now without any trouble. For one thing, the crusade against the Sunday papers had not yet been inaugurated in 1889, and neither the people nor the Legislature realized the extremes to which the informers were capable of going. Why, I have been a church warden for over twenty years, and at least fairly regular in attendance on service, but I would sooner think of doing without my breakfast on Sunday than without my daily paper. It is a necessity of our civilization, and we can not do without it. THE SENTINEL would not be understood as justifying the reading of secular papers every day in the week. Such papers ought to be banished from Christian homes on the Sabbath ; but that does not justify suppressing them by civil law. True, Sabbath keeping is an individual matter, and the man who keeps the Sab-bath as enjoined in Isa. 58 : 13, will have no use on that day for the secular news; neither will he need a civil law to bolster up his tottering morality. " He that re-gardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord ; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it." A Holiday or a Holyday. THE Christian at Work would have people believe that the matter of closing the World's Fair on Sunday is only " a rest-day matter." It says :Š The question has interest for religious people on religious grounds; but as treated by Congress it is not a religious question but a holiday or rest-day questionŠthat and that only. In some quarters we meet with the statement that Congress should close the Exhibition for religious reasons. But that involves ignorance of the fundamental law of the Nation. If that is all that is involved why is Congress asked to consider anything in connection with the question except the purely business propositions connected with it ? And why do so many " reli-gious " people threaten to boycott the Fair upon all days if it is not closed on Sun-day ? It is the most arrant nonsense to deny that it is a purely religious question. If Sunday were not a religious day nobody would ask to have the Fair closed. The only way to separate it from religion and religious considerations, is to separate it from Sunday, but that would destroy the question entirely, for it is the nature of that particular day that gives rise to the question. This " civil rest-day " plea is most sickeningly hypocritical. When Doctors Disagree. ELLIOTT F. SHEPARD of the Mail and Express, claims that there are in this country fifty millions of people who want the World's Fair closed on Sunday. There are some people who want to see the Fair closed on Sunday, that are either better informed than Mr. Shepard, or have more regard for the truth than he. A Presbyterian pastor, of Chicago, re-cently made the following statement at a Sunday-closing mass meeting. I acknowledge that a majority want the Fair open, but suppose this is the voice of the majority,'  have the minority no rights ? I claim that it is possible for the majority to make a terrible blun-der. . . . Shall public opinion rule in this mat-ter ? I say, no. Sam Small who recently spoke in Chi-cago on the same subject argued thus :Š I say that the people who want Sunday closing in this country are in the majority and the minority have got to submit. When the religious bigot is in the mi-nority he wants his views forced on the majority because his views are right, but when he imagines that he is in the major-ity he demands that the minority submit to his views because the Government is a Government of the people in which the majority rule. Without Natural Affection. THE London Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children recently made a public report which is horrifying to all who have not lost their natural affections. A noticeable feature of the report is that it reveals the fact that the worst and most frequent cases of cruelty are found among the so-called better classes of English society. One woman shut her little daughter, naked, in a dark closet, tied in such a manner that she died of suffoca-tion. This woman is said not to have been an exceptional monster. English parents have been known to put pins and lighted matches in the nostrils of their children. One baby of seven months was bitten until it was half covered with blood. A boy of six years had a rope tied around his neck and he was repeatedly thrown into a canal. The perpetrators of these cruelties plead that they have a right to give their children moral disci-pline for the good of their immortal souls! And yet people imagine we are living in a very intelligent and altogether superior age, when burning, or even imprisoning or whipping people to save them is en-tirely out of the question ! The fact is, that if human nature is undergoing any change, it is becoming worse; and this conclusion agrees exactly with 2 Tim. 3: 1-5. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. NONE are more earnest for the closing of the Fair Sunday than the Chicago saloon keepers. They want to enjoy the society of the visitors that day in spiritous seances. ŠSt. Paul Globe. SENATOR QUAY is working hard to prevent a desecration of the Sabbath by holding the World's Fair open the first day of the week. Perhaps Mr. Quay believes that ought to be sacred to politics. Š Peoria Transcript. THE Rev. Joseph Cook claims to have discovered that the Sabbath day was kept sacred a thousand years before Abraham. Possibly. Neither New York nor Chicago was doing business at that time. ŠNew York Advertiser. IF there is a steadfast, consistent Christian in Congress, that man is Senator Morrill. He declares that if the World's Fair is closed Sundays the work-ing people will be practically deprived of its benefits. Do the Sunday-closing people want the great Expo-sition exclusively for the rich ?ŠIndianapolis Senti-nel. IN their efforts to close the World's Fair Sundays, the good people who are so careful of other people's morals, seem to have temporarily forgotten their own. It occurs to us to inquire whether it would be worse in morals to look at an industrial exhibit Sunday than to concoct and utter falsehoods dur-ing the week.Š Washington Post. IT is a little singular that the saloon men of Chicago are working quite as eagerly as the pious people for the closing of the World's Fair Sunday. Except for the great show, they would obtain a colossal trade from the hundreds of thousands of strangers in the city. The latter, of course, are not in league with the saloons, but their plan would help them all the same. The Fair may close Sun-day but the saloons go on for ever.ŠTroy Times. IF there were any need of an argument against the demand that the World's Fair be closed on the only day when those who most need it can visit it, the petitioners for that act of exclusion have themselves furnished it. The names of the petitioners purporting to come from Michigan, ex-ceed the entire population of the State, men, wo-men, and children, according to the census, by nearly two millions. In other words, the self-elected defenders of what t hey call " Sabbath observance," have deliberately forged the names of some millions of people and tried to palm them off on the man-agers of the World's Fair as genuine names of peo-ple who desire that exhibition to be closed on the first day of the week. It looks as if the edition of the ten commandments which those people study did not contain, "Thou shalt not bear false wit-ness against thy neighbor."ŠDetroit Free Press. A LATE Sunday liquor case before Judge Lippin-cott, of Hoboken, N. J., is thus reported :Š The Judge displayed considerable feeling. He is usually calm and self-possessed, but on this occasion he spoke sharply and emphasized his re-marks by bringing his clenched fist down on the desk. He said in part: " Reilly was absolutely restrained from selling liquor on Sunday. We, the Court and the jury, have taken a solemn oath to enforce the law as far as we can. Of all things in the world, we can not say that we will overlook these things as that would be moral perjury. If the sentiment of the people is against this law, let the people elect rep-resentatives to repeal it. The moment the court and jury overlook the violation of one law, en-croachments will immediately be made, and other laws will be violated. Let us not be led astray by ridicule on the part of some, or by the notion that there is a single law on our statute books which can be violated. "Let it never be said that a court and jury in this 