142 ANIMECJ[CA.N.  SINTrIE1‚112,3r._.1 VoL. 11, No. 18. the public for the sake of gaining votes, but will be honest and open-hearted. He will not sell himself to the whiskey ring nor any other ring for the sake of patronage. He will not sell his Christianity for office. Lastly, what will be the effect upon the of-fice-holder of having this law of love in his heart? It will make him honest; he will not receive bribes; he will hold the rights of others as sacred as he holds his own; he will hold the interests of his country too dear to betray them for selfish motives. That is, a man cannot be a Christian in private life and at the same time a corrupt office-holder. If he has the true spirit of Christianity, is a Christian, it will be manifest in every act of his life. Since it is impossible for the State to set up a standard of religion that would put this law of love to God and man in the heart of a sin-gle individual, without which all profession is vain; and since it is impossible for the State to judge as to who has this law written in his heart, it must be apparent to all that the only way that religion can favorably affect politics is through the heart of the individual. THEY ARE RIGHTŠIF. LEvangel and Sabbath Outlook.] THE earnestness and persistency with which the " Christian Amendment" to the National Constitution is supported by its friends is shown in the following from the Christian Statesman, the special organ of that move-ment:Š The hand of Providence is with us. The Christian amendment has been laid over until next year. This is not defeat. It means that the Christian people of this great land have many precious months in which to agitate, educate and petition. Shall we not now sink all differences of creed and denomination and with one mighty voice declare that God shall be the ac-knowledged Lord of America? Let us roll up peti-tions long enough to reach from the Penobscot to the Golden Gate and back again to Washington, and with each petition to Congress send one up to God's throne asking him to speed this course and give vic-tory to the right. The connection between Sunday laws and the proposed "National Reform" is set forth by the following from the "Field Notes" of Secretary J. H. Leiper, in the Christian Statesman for March 28. It shows that we do not mistake in thinking that the " Civil Sabbath" argument cannot stop, logically, short of the fall " God-in-the-Constitution" theocratic position. Leiper says:Š We meet with no opposition in our special work of sabbath defense, but the most convincing and always accepted argument in defense of the civil sabbath, as we present it, is precisely the central idea of National ReformŠthe moral personality of the State. No one ever takes any exception to it as ap-plied to the duty of the State bearing on sabbath ob-servance; all of which proves that opposition to the Christian amendment with every one except the infidel is prejudice or ignorance. In one thing these amenders of the Consti-tution are right. If the doctrine of a " Civil Sabbath," as it is usually applied to Sunday, is correct, there is no reason why their scheme for bringing the nation to the millenium by civil law should not be forwarded. We com-mend this to the consideration of the great mass of Christians who favor laws protecting and establishing the " Civil Sabbath," but who do not favor the Constitutional Amend-ment. If the Sunday lawsŠoutside the liquor lawsŠcan be sustained logically or theolog-ically, much more the whole God-in-the-Con-stitution scheme; sooner or later these issues will stand or fall together. They are part  and parcel of the same general conception. That conception found full expression in the Sunday law of Constantine, 321 A. D., and despite such modifications as times and circumstances have wrought, the fundamental principle is unchanged. If we may make a " Civil Sabbath" by law, compelling men to idleness because of something which exists, or is supposed to exist, in Sunday, we can compel a " Civil Baptism " a " Civil Good Friday," and, in the end, a " Civil Church membership " in every detail. Certainly, Bro. Statesman, you are rightŠif the first fundamental error of the " Civil Sabbath" idea is accepted. LEGAL HOLIDAYS. [New York Mail and Express.] THERE is a good deal of misconception re-garding the question of legal holidays in this country. As a matter of fact, there is no such thing as a legal national holiday, not even the Fourth of July, Congress never having passed a law creating it such, but it is observed in all the States, as are Christmas and Thanksgiving days, those being the only three which have universal recognition, and in the States of Arkansas and Mississippi they are not upon the statute books. In the case of New Year's day, there are five States which ignore its claims to being a legal holiday, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Rhode Island joining with Arkansas and Mississippi in refusing it supli recognition. Five States, Alabama, Louisiana, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Tennessee, have made Good Friday a legal holiday, and Decoration day is down as such on the statute books of thirty-six States and Territories. Labor day is a holiday the date of which varies. This year, for instance, Pennsylvania will celebrate it on September 5, thirty-three other States on September 7, and three others on Septem-ber 12, October 5 and November 25, the latter being the date fixed upon by Louisiana. In Connecticut, Lincoln's memory is honored by a State holiday on October 15, the date of the Emancipation Proclamation. e.  PERSUASION, OR COERCION; WHICH? BY A. SMITH. " In the town of M , New York, there lived an infidel who owned a saw-mill, situated by the side of the highway, over which many members of a Christian congre-gation passed, every Sunday, in going to and returning from their place of worship. The infidel was accustomed to manage his mill himself; and, having no regard for Sunday, he was as busy, and his mill as noisy, on that day as on any other. It was observed, how-ever, that, at a certain time before service, the mill stopped, and remained silent, and appeared to be destitute of the presence of a human being for a few minutes, then resumed its noise and clatter till about the close of service when it again ceased for a little time. It was next noticed that Dea- con B passed the mill toward the place of worship, during the silent interval. It appeared that the deacon being (as all other good deacons are) regular in his time, the in-fidel knew just when to stop his mill, so that it should be silent while Deacon B was passing, although he paid no regard to the passing of others. On being asked why he paid this marked respect to Deacon B  the infidel replied, ' The deacon professes just what the rest of you do, but he lives also such a life that it makes me feel bad here [putting his hand upon his heart] to run my mill while he is passing.' " Had all other members of the church, like Deacon B , lived up to their profession as he lived, would not the infidel have shown them like respect ? and he might have shut down his mill altogether on Sunday out of regard to the religious element of the com-munity, and, perhaps, himself have become a Christian. An immense amount of responsibility for infidelity rests upon professed Christians themselves on account of their glaringly inconsistent conduct as representatives of Christ. Suppose Deacon B had adopted Na- tional Reform ideas, and, instead of, Christ-like, winning by moral suasion as he did, had gone before a magistrate and sworn out a complaint against the infidel for running his mill " on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, or the Christian sabbath," eic, what would have become of the infidel's re spect for him, or the Christianity he repre-sented ? It is not difficult to see what the result would have been. National Reform religion is a religion of force, of coercion and its tendency is to en-gender hatred of Christ and his religion. Says Paul " Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men." 1 Cor. 5: 11. Says the National Reformer, "Knowing therefore the terror of the Lerd we coerce men." Which is the Christlike method ? Which will best win its way to the hearts and con-sciences of men ? Grandville, Mich. HOPE THOU IN CONGRESS. [Evangel and Sabbath Outlook.] THE address of Rev. G. W. M. Rigor at a Sabbath Reform Convention held Dec. 23, 1895, in Lebanon, Pa., contains the following suggestive paragraph :Š While there are many noble exceptions to this rule, yet the fact remains that the great bulk of Sabbath-desecration in our land is perpetrated by those of for-eign birth, a large proportion of whom are almost totally ignorant of the genius of our American insti-tutions, and further, are loyal to a foreign ecclesias-tical power that seeks to transform the American Christian sabbath into the Sunday of Continental Europe. Our hope is in the United States Congress, and unless it speedily brings relief by enacting laws which will restrict emigration to those only who are worthy and who are willing to become bona fide citizens of our great Republic and act in harmony with our institutions, the most serious consequences may result. Slight analysis of the past is necessary to show that this influx of foreign Sabbathless-ness is only transferring to America the fruits of the popular, yet false, theory that the Sabbath is abrogated and that Sunday is in its place as a day of the church and custom. What Mr. Rigor complains of is the result of the same popular errors which pervade America at the present time. But the point we desire to fix in the mind of the reader is that this representative of " National Reform" along religious lines, this advocate of putting God's name and Christ's into the National Constitution in order to make this a " Christian Nation," reveals the unutterable weakness of that movement when he says: "Our hope is in the United States Congress," etc. His conclusion is logical, 