152 ,411.1VIEML-LICA.N fg3QNFICIIN-10.1Lq VoL. 11, No. 19. NEw YORK, MAY 7, 1896. Or ANY one receiving the AmEaroAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. READ our offer for extra copies of our issue of April 30, on the preceding page. You will be interested in it. THE poem from London Punch, printed on page 150, is apropos to our first-page article. They should both be carefully read. THE Mail and Express exhorts the Vigil-ance League, the American Sabbath Union, the " Sabbath Observance Committee," etc., to cooperate with the police in securing evidence against violaters of the Raines' law. This means an era of religious espionage. A MADRID dispatch of the 30th ult. says that " despite denials from official circles that the Pope, through the Nuncio here, has urged Spain to accept American mediation in Cuban affairs, there is an impression, especially among military men and Cuban representatives, that the report is true." A Lowrox dispatch of the 28th ult. says :Š The Rome correspondent of the Chronicle tele-graphs:Š " It is rumored that the Nuncio at Madrid has ap-proached Premier Canovas with a view to inducing Spain to accept the mediation of the United States on the Cuban question. " The Nuncio has had several interviews with Mr. Taylor, United States minister at Madrid." The only mediation that could do the Cu-bans any good would be mediation that would secure autonomy for the island. MARCH 30, the following was introduced in the House of Representatives by Mr. Willis and referred to the Committee on the Judi-ciary:Š JOINT RESOLUTION To amend the preamble to the Constitution of the United States. WHEREAS the Constitution of the United States contains no recognition of God or his providence; and WHEREAS there is now pending in Congress a joint resolution proposing the following amendment: "We, the people of the United States, devoutly acknowledg-ing Almighty God as the source of all authority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and the revealed will of God as of supreme authority in civil affairs, in order to form a more per-fect Union," and so forth; and WHEREAS the proposed amendment, if adopted by constitutional majorities by Congress and the State legislatures, would change our organic law from a purely secular to a theocratic government, which was  not intended by the framers of the Constitution or any of the States ratifying the same; and WHEREAS no Unitarian, Jew, or Deist, who, never-theless, might be a patriotic and useful citizen, could conscientiously swear to support the Constitution con-taining the said amendment: Therefore, Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled (two-thirds of each House concurring therein), That the following amended form of the preamble to the Constitution shall be submitted in due form to all the State legislatures for ratification : " We, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, trusting in Almighty God, do ordain and establish this Constitu-tion for the United States of America." It is not likely that any action will be taken upon this resolution this session. If adopted, it would probably not result so disastrously as the amendment proposed by the National Reformers, but is just as objectionable so far as making an empty profession is con-cerned. "Julius GUMPEL, the proprietor of a men's furnishing store 533 Eighth Avenue, was charged," says the Sun of the 27th ult., "with violating the Sunday law in Jefferson Market Court yesterday morning. Policeman Lock-wood of the West Thirty-seventh Street sta-tion saw him sell a collar to a customer. "Gumpel said that his store was not opened for business, but that every Sunday morning he visited his place to relieve his watchman. While he was in the store yesterday morning a friend entered and asked him for a collar. He sold one and was arrested. As Gumpel admitted violating the law, he was fined $5. He paid the fine." DR. LYMAN ABBOTT, of the Outlook, makes the astonishing announcement: "The State is a religious, not a secular, institution." " Its functions," says he, " are distinctly re-ligious." The " Standard Dictionary" defines relig-ious as " feeling and manifesting religion; devout; pious." According to the same au-thority religion is " a belief binding the spir-itual nature of man to a supernatural being on which he is conscious that he is de-pendent." It may be, however, that in Dr. Abbott's vocabulary " religious " does not mean the same that it does in current speech. Other-wise the doctor is out-Heroding the Herods of National Reform. IT is announced that the Czar will celebrate his coronation by a proclamation granting " liberty of conscience " throughout the do-minions of Russia. " This rings peculiarly on the American ear," says the Mail and Express, "and affords fresh illustration of the inestimable bless-ings attaching to citizenship in the United States." Ł We very much doubt the truth of the an- nouncement, or that the liberty of conscience " granted " would amount to much even if proclaimed. Russia is too severely priest-ridden for real liberty of conscience. Constitutional or royal guarantees of free-dom of conscience are no stronger than the public sentiment which supports them; for instance, in Tennessee, under a consti-tution which declares that " no human au-thority can in any case whatsoever control or interfere with the rights of conscience," J. W. Lewis lies in prison for refusing to observe the statute-intrenched Sunday insti-tution. It is one thing to profess religious liberty and quite another thing to really guarantee it. " THE Parkhurst circular to clergymen throughout the State, asking them to use their influence with Gov. Morton, in person, by telegram or by letter,' to persuade him to veto the Greater New York bill, will probably amuse rather than annoy the Governor," re-marks the Evening Sun, " and isn't likely to move him a hair's breadth from the course he has resolved upon. It is doubtful, by the way, if the reverend reformer' is regarded as an unmixed blessing by his brethren of the cloth. To many of them he is like the clap-per of an electric alarm bell that goes on ringing because it is out of order." It is as plain as daylight that Dr. Park-hurst aspires to be not only a " moral re-former " but a " political boss " of no small magnitude; but so far the churches do not seem to be so ready to respond to his appeals as he evidently supposed they would. AMONG other items which the Iowa State auditor has taken official cognizance of in his account for the past winter, is one of prayers offered in the State legislature, to the number of one hundred and forty-three. He had decided to allow the preachers who officiated $5 per prayer. This money, of course, means " value received; " but upon what basis the estimate was made, Š whether the length of time employed in each instance, or the amount of the divine blessing thought to have been secured, or the degree of respectability imparted to the legislative proceedingsŠor their value in some other wayŠwe are not told. If the people of the State should de-mand to be informed on this pointŠas they have a right to doŠthe auditor would doubt-less find himself in a position of much em-barrassment. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 76c " 25 and under 50 " " " 1 " - 60c " 50 and under 100 " I. 44 1 it 55o  " 100 or more it"1 500  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 58 Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 