584 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. see them in the deadly guilt of inquisitors, who, in the name of the Lord of love, blackened the blue of heaven with the Tophet-smoke of their bale-fires of,  hell by -burning many a dear saint of God who held the truth which, to their own perdition, they, rejected, and who lived lives transcendently holier and purer than their own. In a milder form we may see the same pernicious results of incompetentreligious arrogance in the fact that some of the best, wisest, most earnest, and most brilliantly gifted divines of our own dayŠmen, such as Professor Maurice, and Charles Kingsley, and F. W. Robertson, and Dean Stanley, and othersŠwere all through their lives the favorite victims of the venomous attacks with which the so-called " re-ligious " press of party church newspapers is rife. Like Wesley and Whitefield, like Luther and Me-lancthon, like Savonarola and many more, these men, owing to the refusal of " priests " to accept the new truths which shake their usurped authority and expose the ignorant baseles-sness of their "infallible" judgments, have stood up, "the very butt of slander and the blot of every dart that malice ever shot." An unprogressive religion is a decadent and dying re-ligion; a religiOn which refuses, new light is a dead,  religion. Such forms of belief will inevitably sink into abject and priest-ridden superstitions or into the cumbersome paraphernalia, of externalism, which thinks that God cares for the murmuring of rites and ceremonies, whereas he has again and again taught us that he requires our hearts, and that without heart sincerity all else is but as the small dust' of the balance.ŠRev. F. W. Farrar, Dean of Canterbury, Eng-land. EMPIRE AND SELF-GOVERNMENT. From the Evening Standard, New Bedford, Mass. Among, the sayings. of Thomas Jefferson recently brought to renewed attention is this: "I am per-suaded that no constitution was ever before so well calculated as ours for extensive empire and self-gov-ernment." The sort of empire that goes along with self-government was the empire that Jefferson, had in mind. He was talking about that kind of empire which the poets tell about when they sing of the empirev,of mind and the empire of affection' and the empire of freedom. Nobody need have any quar-rel with that variety of imperialism. SEE special map offer till October I, page 590. CHRISTIANITY AND ORIENTALISM.ŠII. More of Gnosticism and Its Speculations. Beyond the regions of light, where God and his family dwell, existed a rude and unformed mass of matter, heaving itself continually in wild commotion. This the 'Supreme God would never approach, as it was contrary to his nature. But in the peopling of the, pleroma, since the divine evolutions of life be-come feebler the farther they are removed from the first link in the series, since their connection with the,. first becomes more loose at each succeeding" step, out of the last step of the evolution proceeds an im-perfect, defective product which can not retain its connection with the divine chain of life, and so,  sinks from the world of Ae9ns down into chaos, or, what is the same notion differently expressed, "A drop from the fullness of the divine life spills over into the bordering void." Now first the dead matter, by connection with the living which it wanted, received animation. The wild and heaving mass of matter is reduced to order and beauty and peopled with hu-man beings, and with animals of different species, and, finally, endowed with and enriched by some por-tions of the celestial light or subStance. This builder of the world, who is thus distinct from the Supreme God, they called the Demiurge. He is a being who, though possessed of many shining qualities, is arro-gant in his nature and much inclined to domination. He therefore claims absolute authority over the new world he has built, and that he may retain such au-thority he jealously and by every possible means ex-cludes the knowledge of the Supreme God. Man is composed of a material, and therefore of a vicious body, and of a celestial soul, which is in some sense a, particle of the deity himself, hence the conflict within between good and evil. The nobler part of man is miserably oppressed by the body,'  which is the seat of base lusts. By these lusts of the body we are not only drawn away from the knowl-edge of the Supreme God and induced to render our homage to the Demiurge and his associates, but we,  are filled and polluted with the love of terrestrial objects and sensual pleasures. From this wretched bondage the Supreme God labors to rescue his offspring in various ways; and especially by the messengers he sends to them from the world of spirits. The most powerful of these messengers, and one of the Aeons from the pleroma, was Christ. But this effdrt of the Supreme God to 