612 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Should Japan vote itself Christian, appoint Christian chaplains to every regiment and every ship of war, make a profession of Christianity a test for an appointment to any position in the service of the government, command the observance of Sunday, or what would be a very sim-ilar action, compel the baptism of all Japanese, still the nation would be no nearer a Christian nation than it is now. These are man-made adjuncts to Christianity; they are useless and dangerous expedients at the best; they would be ugly excrescences' on the tree whose leaves are for the healing of the nations. The missionaries in Japan and those who support them there who have been looking for a national Chris-tianity hi Japan, will do well to consider this point. They will now see the necessity of falling back upon the New Testament method- of Christian work. They will need to preach the word, sow the seeds of truth in indi-vidual hearts, water them with prayers and tears, and watch the slowly ripening harvest as the fruit of their work is seenŠ"first the blade, then the ear, after that the full corn in the ear." On the whole there is hope in the situaton. There, was great danger that Japan would accept Christianity in a national manner. Nothing could have been so dis-astrous to the religious interests of, the country. If Japan must have a national religion she would far better have Buddhism. A few wide-awake, apostolic-spirited Christians' working in Japan, with all the power of the government against them, would present a much more hopeful prospect for pure Christianity and the salvation of souls, which after all is the great object of the gospel, than to have the government patronage thrown over a religion of forms and ceremonies in which worldly pol-icy, selfish interests, and pompous display would take' the place of personal faith and holiness of heart and life. A. Source of Discord. "Bible Echo," Melbourne, Aus, THE Hobart (Tasmania) Mercury, of July 29, makes the following very sensible observations on the question of introducing religious matters into State affairs:Š "The introduction of the name of the Deity into the discussions on the Commonwealth Bill can only be re-garded as most unfortunate. Parliament has always recognized that there are certain subjects which it is better to settle in private than to thrash out on the floor of the House, and amongst these might surely have been classed the one in which the feelings and prejudices of members as a body are most involved, the subject, too, which, despite its sacredness, is bound to give rise to most acrid and heated discussion, simply because those who have any interest at all in it' are bound to feel very deeply about it, and to express those feelings, too, when they come into collision with those opposed to them. That this will be the case is shown by the counter peti-tions which those in favor of recognition of the divine name have called forth, the wording of which is at least as dignified and logical, if not as reverential, as those it  replies to; and the indication, therefore, is that those who desire the constitution amended in the way the Adelaide Convention declined to do it should refrain from pressing their views, at any rate in public debate, which will be ir-ritating inside the House, and certainly not altogether edifying to those who read the speeches. Members have quite enough ground for discord without adding the reli-gious one, and a debate of the kind that might surround the attempt to change the preamble of the Federation Bill would probably create enmity that would last the rest of the session, if not a lifetime." Education that was of Little Use. BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. "MosEs was learned in all the wisdom of the Egyp-tians, and was mighty in words and deeds." Acts 7:22. What small value attaches to' worldly education when an individual is fitting for a place in the Lord's work. No doubt Moses thought himself fully competent to take command of the Israelitish forces, to organize them into an army, to march at their head, fighting their way successfully from Egypt and bondage to Canaan and freedom; and when they should have arrived at Canaan, no doubt he imagined that he would be thor-oughly able to frame all such laws and regulations as would be best for the government of such a nation as Israel. Moses had been a successful leader under the Egyp-tian government. Josephus says that Moses had con-ducted Egyptian armies through successful campaigns against the foes of Egypt. He was a statesman too as well as a general; he had not lived till he was forty years old at the court of the Egyptian king without becoming skilled in statecraft, the managing of affairs. He was intended eventually to occupy the throne when the reigning Pharaoh should die, and Egypt was then the very greatest nation in the world. Surely Moses had all in the way of education and scholarship that the wisdom of this world could give.him. And how much of it all did he use? What was it all worth? When God selected Moses to lead, be sent him into the wilderness to keep sheep for forty years. Not so much as a spoonful of the Egyptian lore he had been forty years in acquiring was of any use to him. He must learn to, take care of people, of children, of slaves, just freed from degrading bondage, and they needed simply a wise and patient shepherd. Egyptian statesmanship was entirely at a discount; it was not considered of any value at all. When laws were to be made for Israel, such laws were given them as were adapted to the use of people who served the one true God. The customs of a nation of innumerable idols, the laws of a people who rolled and wallowed in disgusting and lascivious idol worships  could be of no service to Is- 