1$2 A.MVILISCAN frINEL. Vol,. 8, To. 28. shall be bound also in heaven, and what-soever you shall loose upon earth, shall be loosed also in heaven." Matt. 18: 18. Here is the warrant and commission given the apostles and their successors the bishops and pastors of the Church. He received all power in heaven and on earth, and he gave that power to the apostles and their successors, and " sent" them "as the Father sent hirn " (John 20: 21), to bind and loose upon earth, and anything that the Church shall bind or loose upon earth shall be bound or loosed also in heaven. By the power of Jesus Christ her Founder, the Catholic Church, in the plenitude of her infallible power, abrogated Saturday, the Sabbath of the old law, and substituted Sunday in its place, and commanded Sunday to be kept holy in the manner that she commands. We see, then, that not only do all who keep Sunday acknowledge the infallibility of the Catholic Church whether they wish to do so or not; but that to observe it in any other manner than the manner in 'which she commands, if it be observed at all, and yet claim that it is a religious observance, is insensate. OUR SAVIOUR AND " THE SABBATH." The most astonishing statement, prob-ably, that we have seen about keeping Sunday instead of Saturday as the " Sab-bath day," is the following in the Mid-Continent :Š The change of dayŠso-called--was effected in the same way that the Sabbath was originally established, viz , by divine example. After stating that God did not establish the Sabbath on any particular day, he here contradicts himself and aknowledges that God did establish the Sabbath day; but let that pass. He here states that God, by divine example, made a change of day from Saturday to Sunday. The first manifestation of God to man was after he had created Adam, and " he rested on the seventh day," and sanctified it. And if there be any further dispute by Protestants as to what day " the sev-enth day" was from the beginning of man on the earth, the only manifestation of God in the flesh was the Word Incar-nate, and let his divine example be both the test of the " particular day " kept as " the Sabbath " from the beginning of man in the world, and of the validity and binding force of the command to keep Saturday the " particular day." We must ask some Bible Christian to loan this apparently anti-Bible, or at least Bibleless editor of the Mid-Continent a copy, as he speaks as if he had never seen the Bible. Matthew tells -us, as follows, that our Saviour kept the Sab-bath day on Saturday, and that he kept SaturdayŠand not SundayŠholy :Š And he came to Nazareth, where he was brought up ; and he went into the synagogue, according to his custom on the Sabath day; and he rose up and read. . . . And he found the place where it is written: The spirit of the Lord is upon me; where-fore he has annointed me to preach the gospel. Luke 4:16-18. And our Saviour kept Saturday, the seventh day of the week, during all his life on earth as the Sabbath day, and preached the gospel to the people, and in his divine preaching never spoke of any change of day, but, on the direct con-trary, his divine example always was to keep Saturday, the seventh anc last day of the week, the Sabbath day. The divine example of his whole life is for Saturday, the last day of the week, as the Sabbath day. In Matt. 21 : 12, 13,  when he drove the buyers out of the temple where Saturday the Sabbath day was enshrined. In Matt. 23, when he told his disciples to obey the Jewish law-givers, who made them observe Saturday, the Sabbath day. In Luke 6, where he defended the gathering of corn on the Sabbath day, which he would not have had need to do if Saturday was not the Sabbath and a holy day. In other places in the same chapter we find the same divine example. And in John 7 : 7-16 ; 7:10, 14, 22, 23, 37, we find the same divine example. The Catholic Church, of its own infal-lible authority, created Sunday a holy-day to take the place of the Sabbath of the old law, and as Catholics are bound to obey the commands of the Church equally with the commands given on Sinai, Catholics must observe Sunday. But what in the world do Protestants mean by observing Sunday ? Australia. FROM this country we are watching with deep interest the movements in the United States in the formation of the union of the Church and the State, and we are amazed at the frantic efforts of the Church to get control of civil power. But we are forcibly reminded that that spirit is not confined to America. The same movements are on foot in Australia. In forming the constitutions of the colo-nies, and in later legislation these govern-ments have granted to the people consid-erable religious liberty. In some things they have gone beyond toleration and have recognized the people's rights. These acts seemed at one time to please all, but lately a certain class of religionists feel that the governments are too secular ; that they do not attend as much to the reli-gious needs of the citizens as they should, This feeling is manifested chiefly by the organization of various societies for the promotion of religion by the State. In the Colony of Victoria the principal de-nominations have recently formed an organization called, " The Council of Churches." The object of this organiz-ation is to " afford an opportunity for consultation and co-operation on matters affecting the religious, moral and social interests of the community." It will be the duty of this counsel to watch the leg-islation of Parliament; to study every bill to be presented, and when the clergy decide that a bill is not what they think is best for the people, they are to oppose it personally and through their churches, and secure its defeat if possible. On the other hand they are to do all in their power to secure the passage of such meas-ures as they think are proper. This or-ganization can easily make itself felt by working through the great mass of voters who are connected with the churches. Associated with the " Council of Churches " organization, and working under its supervision are two other organ-izations known as " the Lord's Day Ob-servance Society " and the " National Scripture Education League." The mis-sion of the Lord's Day Observance Soci-ety, as its name indicates, is to secure a better observance of what it is pleased to call the Lord's day, namely the first day of the week. The course this society has so far adopted has been to inflict the se-vere penalties of the law upon those who perform ordinary labor on Sunday. It  will be understood by the reader that in this country these religious organizations are not compelled to lose any time secur-ing the enactment of laws to enforce reli-gious dogmas. They find everything ready to hand. Church and State are united although some acts of liberty or toleration have been passed by Parlia-ment. But these go for nothing when the constitution orders otherwise. The National Scripture Education League has recently been organized for the purpose of securing scriptural instruc-tion in the public schools. Some years ago the Victorian Government passed an Education act excluding the Bible and all religious instruction from the State or public schools. The churches have de- cided that this was a very wicked piece of legislation and that it must be undone. Hence the Scripture Education League. Other colonies followed Victoria in ex-cluding the Bible from the schools, and the churches in other colonies have fol-lowed the Victorian churches in the for-mation of special societies to secure reli-gious legislation. In South Australia there is at present a religio-political war over the Bible-in-the-public-schools ques-tion. The Leaguers have traveled over the colony giving lectures, organizing, and securing petitions for scriptural in- struction in the government schools. The general elections are to be held in a short Ł time, and every candidate must pledge himself to work for the introduction of the Bible into the schools or be opposed by the great mass of religionists. Some of the editors and members of Parliament are vigorously defending the present sys-tem. We see plainly that the issue is right upon us, and that the churches are certain to deprive the citizens of Australia of what religious liberty the governments have seen fit to grant them. We feel the force of the following statement written some months since :Š Now, just now, is our time to work in foreign countries. As America, the land of religious lib-erty, shall unite with the Papacy in forcing the consciences of men to honor the false Sabbath, the people of every country on the globe will be led to follow her example. The dark clouds are rising around us and our liberties will ere long be gone. But we take refuge in God who says, " I, even I, am He that comforteth you: who art thou, that thou shouldest be afraid of man that shall die, and of the son of man which shall be made as grass ? " A. G. DANIELLE. Sydney, Australia. The Presbyterians and the President. MAY 19, the President and Mrs. Cleve-land gave a reception to the delegates of the Presbyterian General Assembly, wives, and friends, to the number of 2,500. After the formal introduction of the guests, Rev. Dr. Craig, Moderator of the Assem-bly, addressed the President as follows:Š You know somewhat of the Presbyterian Church. Many of these gentlemen who are here had pre-cisely the same general experience that you had, perchanceŠreared amid the same plain living and the high thinking of that wonderful nursery of strong men. We have common experiences which make us, though we may never have come together before, to be, as it were, friends, because we know the things which have, perchance, made us to be worthy of the esteem of our fellow-men, and made you, sir, worthy to rule, with the confidence of your fellow-citizens gathered close around about you, the mightiest Nation of the world. Let me, sir, congratulate you upon the fact that sturdy Presbyterians hedge you round about and that the sturdiest Presbyterian of us all is at your side, a 