60 A.1MEIEJELIC.,61..NT VoL. 10, No. 8. Here follows the language to which we call the Pilot's special attention (pp. 31, 32) :Š Let us now, however, take a glance at our second proposition, with the Bible alone as the teacher and guide in faith and morals. This teacher most emphat-ically forbids any change in the day for paramount reasons. The command calls for a "perpetual cove-nant." The day commanded to be kept by the teacher has never once been kept, thereby developing an apos-tasy from an assumedly fixed principle, as self-con-tradictory, self-stultifying, and consequently as sui-cidal as it is within the power of language to express. Nor are the limits of demoralization yet reached. Far from it. Their pretense for leaving the bosom of the Catholic Church was for apostasy from the truth as taught in the written Word. They adopted the written Word as their sole teacher, which they had no sooner done than they abandoned it promptly, as these articles have abundantly proved ; and by a perversity as willful as erroneous, they accept the teaching of the Catholic Church in direct opposition to the plain, unvaried, and constant teaching of their sole teacher in the most essential doctrine of their religion, thereby emphasizing the situation in what may be aptly des-ignated "a mockery, a delusion, and a snare." Should any of the reverend parsons, who are habit-uated to howl so vociferously over every real or as-sumed desecration of that pious fraud, the Bible Sab-bath, think well of entering a protest against our logical and scriptural dissection of their mongrel pet, we can promise them that any reasonable attempt on their part to gather up the disjecta membra of the hybrid, and to restore to it a galvanized existence, will be met with genuine cordiality and respectful consideration on our part. But we can assure our readers that we know these reverend howlers too well to expect a solitary bark from them in this instance. And they know us too well to subject themselves to the mortification which a further dissection of this anti-scriptural question would necessarily entail. Their policy now is to "lay low," and they are sure to adopt it. And now we suggest to the Pilot that here is a field for missionary effort. Let the Pilot complain to the pope that Cardinal Gibbons and the Catholic Mirror are abusing Protes-tants. However, we believe that such an un-dertaking would be fruitless. The Cardinal and the Mirror would doubtless insist that they had told the truth and refuse to recant. However that may be, the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL and Seventh-day Adventists will con-tinue to tell the truth about " Romanism " and a Romanizing Protestantism, and we do it with the knowledge that it will result as indicated by the Pilot's utterances, in com-pelling Catholicism and apostate Protestantism to make common cause against us. We have expected this for years. The Pilot's warning is to us a most important sign of the times. HEBREW NATIONAL REFORMERS. Ti is frequently the case that persecution for opinion's sake makes people tolerant of the opinions and practices of others, but it seems that some of the Jews in this city have not learned the lesson. The Sun of the 10th inst. has the following, illustrative of this fact:Š The extreme rigor with which the Orthodox Russian Jews living here keep the Sabbath was illustrated by a trial reported in yesterday's Sun. One of them offended his co-religionists by smoking a cigar in the street on the Sabbath; his brethren remonstrated with him, set upon him, smote him in the face, and wounded him in such a way that his smoking was brought to an end for one Sabbath. His assailants were brought to trial last Friday: he could not prove his case; they were acquitted; and, after their acquittal, as reported in the Sun, "half a hundred or more of the Orthodox gathered around them and kissed them." It seems to us that they interpreted the fourth table of the law of Moses too strictly. We do not see that cigar smoking, or the inhaling and exhaling of tobacco smoke, can properly be regarded as working, or as breaking the Sabbath, or as violating the command to hallow it; and yet we admit that, if the chief rabbi of the east side so regards it, there is an end to the con-troversy, so far as his many followers are concerned. As further bearing upon the subject, we can say with certainty that the original Puritan settlers of New England would have rejoiced over the smiting and flooring of any man who smoked on 'the Sabbath kept by them, which was Sunday. From ono standpoint it seems strange that  a people who have suffered as much from in-tolerance and religious prejudice, as have the Russian Jews, should retain in their practice, or in their feelings even, any of this evil. But we must remember that intolerance is innate in the human breast. It is human nature. It was intolerance that caused Cain to kill his brother; and from that day to this the same wicked thing has been causing men to maltreat, to imprison, and to kill their fellowmen. It was the moving spirit of the Inquisition as it is the inspiration of National Reform and American Sabbath Unionism. THE FUNDAMENTAL LAW OF THE UNITED PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. THE United Presbyterian Synod of Ohio is troubled with heresy. J. K. Andrews of Antrim, Ohio, has come to disagree with the 59th Article of the creed of that church. The United Presbyterian Church has, like most other churches, substituted a man-made creed for the divine Word of God. This creed is known as the " Shorter Catechism of the Westminster Assembly." The following are some of its questions and answers :Š Q. 2. What rule hath God given to direct us how we may glorify and enjoy him 2 A. The word of God, which is contained in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, is the only rule to direct us how we may glorify and enjoy him. Q. 14. What is sin ? A. Sin is any want of conformity unto, or trans- gression of, the law of God. Q. 40. What did God at first reveal to man for the rule of his obedience ? A. The rule which God at first revealed to man, for his obedience, was the moral law. Q. 41. Wherein is the moral law summarily com-prehended ? A. The moral law is summarily comprehended in the ten commandments. Q. 44. What does the preface to the ten command. ments teach us ? A. The preface to the ten commandments teacheth us that because God is the Lord, and our God and Redeemer, therefore we are bound to keep all his commandments. Q. 57. Which is the fourth commandment ? A. The fourth commandment is: " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it. Mr. Andrews believes that this much of the catechism is in harmony with the Bible, but now comes a statement that he believes con-tradicts not only the Bible, but all we have quoted from the catechism:Š Q. 59. Which day of the seven hath God appointed to be the weekly Sabbath ? A. From the beginning of the world to the resur-rection of Christ, God appointed the seventh day of the week to be the weekly Sabbath; and the first day of the week, ever since, to continue to the end of the world, which is the Christian Sabbath. Mr. Andrews believes, and rightly too, that this article contradicts the Bible in that the Bible teaches that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," and does not teach that God appointed the first day of the week to be the weekly Sabbath from the resurrec-tion of Christ to the end of the world. He believes that it contradicts the catechism in that the catechism teaches that " the word of God, which is contained in the Old and New Testaments, is the only'rule to direct us how we may glorify and enjoy him," while this portion of the catechism teaches that to glorify him one must keep the first day of the week, which thing is not only not commanded in that "only rule," but is contrary to it. Mr. Andrews, after reforming his practice to correspond with the " only rule," started  out to reform his brethren, and as a result, was tried for heresy by the session of his church and excommunicated. He appealed to the Presbytery, and was allowed thirty minutes to argue his appeal. He maintained that Christ came to redeem man from the curse of a broken law, and that a law could not be broken before it was made; and since, according to the 59th Article, the law of Sunday sacredness was made since the resur-rection of Christ, therefore Christ did not die to redeem men from Sunday desecration. The Presbytery refused to sustain the ap-peal from the decision of the session, which was as follows:Š WHEREAS Mr. J. K. Andrews believes that the sev-enth day of the week should be kept as the holy Sab-bath, and that there is no Bible authority for keeping the first day of the week, and has so stated his belief in presence of this session And whereas he further states that he feels morally bound in a public manner to advocate his belief, thereby making determined opposition to the principles of the United Presbyterian Church as contained in shorter catechism, question 59, thereby following a divisive course; therefore, Resolved, That faithfulness to the laws of the church [not faithfulness to the law of God] requires that Mr. J. K. Andrews be suspended from the privileges of the church until he cease opposition and consent to follow the things which make for peace. Mr. Andrews then appealed to the synod of Ohio, which recently convened at Wheeling, W. Va. This synod first passed a gag rule allowing Mr. Andrews but three minutes to argue his appeal, and then disposed of the matter, with the following resolutions:- 1. Resolved, That the appellant, by his plea against his own public profession [the catechism], against the public profession of his church [the catechism] and her fundamental law [the catechism], can claim no rights under a law that he has renounced, and can have no standing in this court, or any court of the United Presbyterian Church. 2. That this position can in no sense be construed as an infringement upon the appellant's personal lib-erty or his rights of conscience. Not a single reference to the Bible is to be found in the resolutions condemning Mr. Andrews. No attempt was made to sustain the action against him with Scripture. And this is the course pursued by a church claim-ing to be Protestant. The resolutions declare that this action is not an infringement upon personal liberty or his rights of conscience. Doubtless Mr. An-drews considered his liberty infringed when he was confined to three minutes in arguing his appeal. But the attack on personal lib-erty and the rights of conscience is an after act. The United Presbyterian Church is doing everything in its power to secure the enactment and enforcement by the United States and by the several States, of laws en-forcing the 59th Article of their creedŠSunday observanceŠupon all men, so that after excommunicating a member, they can, like the papacy, hand the offender over to the civil authorities for punishment. Mr. An-drews was refused an appeal to the Assembly, but will appear and enter a complaint. AS THIS EDITOR SEES IT. NEBRASKA and most other States have laws against manual labor on Sunday. The up-holders of these laws usually insist that they are not made in the interest of religion, but in the interest of the physical well-being of the citizen. Recently in Massachusetts a man was fined fifty dollars and costs for sell-ing a half pound of candy on Sunday. The heaviness of the fine is supposed to have been proportioned to the terrible strain to which the man's nervous and muscular system were subjected in selling the candy. Of course there was no religion in it. Oh no! not a bit of it. Silver Creek Times (Silver Creek, Neb.). 