FEBRUARY 28, 1895. ATuabArticA_N- 69 Q. How prove you that ? A. Because by keeping Sunday, they acknowledge the church's power to ordain feasts, and to command them under sin. Cardinal Gibbons has also spoken plainly upon this question. In " The Faith of Our Fathers,". page 111, he says :Š You may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious observance of the Saturday, a day we never sanctify. Such authorities might be greatly multi-% plied, but the testimony quoted is sufficient. Rome is changing her tactics upon the Sun-day question only to catch Protestants. And it is significant that this turn is taken espe-cially by the Paulist Fathers to whom is spe-cially committed the work of making proselytes of " Protestants." Individual Roman Catholics are doubtless opposed to the liquor traffic on general prin-ciples. But Rome, as a church, is not opposed to the traffic, except on Sunday. A very large majority of liquor dealers are Catholics. Rome derives a great deal of support from liquor dealers. She dare not excommunicate the traffic and those engaged in it. The saloon may debauch and impoverish people, may beggar children and enslave wives, and murder husbands and fathers six days in the week and Rome is silent; but when it touches Sunday the church" speaks, demanding that it remain " a day of peace and church-going; and declaring: " We want the Lord's day kept holy." Rome can be trusted to care for her own, and in this thing she is not alone; the so-called Protestant Church is gone after her. TO INCREASE THE FINE. THE following petition is being circulated in Pennsylvania by the compulsory Sunday observance managers:Š To the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Pennsylvania Your petitioners, whose names are hereunto signed, do most respectfully and earnestly request your hon-orable bodies to so amend the Sunday law of 1794 as to make the penalty for the violation of the first sec-tion of said act for the first conviction $25, for the second conviction $50, and an increase of $10 for each subsequent conviction. We earnestly protest against any modification or amendment of the said law, which will decrease said penalty or make it less effective to secure Sunday observance. The writer attended the convention at which this petition was adopted, and the only reason why it 'did not ask for the penalty of impris-onment is because it was feared that it would be asking too much at one time. Imprison-ment will come next and after that the whip- ping post. SOUND WORDS FROM A TENNESSEE LAWYER. WHEN considering Sabbatarianism why ad-vocate a divorcement of religious from civil laws, or a relaxation of their enforcement, upon the theory, as Dr. Rylance has done, that the Mosaic Sabbath is obsolete ? As long as we discuss in what manner the civil law may compel the keeping of a rest day, so long do we concede that right to the State. Is not keeping holy a certain day in the week a reli-gious ordinance, and as much a matter of faith as baptism, as the eucharist, etc.? Is it not a dangerous example, in our popular gov-ernment, for Christians to compel the ob-servance of, their rest day simply because they are in the majority ? The heathen, upon the same principle, would have the right to pro-hibit the keeping of that day, or to change the day, should they become numerically the stronger, And like " the struck eagle " the  Christian pangs would be keen to find that they had " nursed the pinion which impelled the steel." In theory, judging from the organic laws, our country is an asylum for all kinds of faith. Here the Chinese may build his joss-house, the Hindoo his temple, the Mohammedan his mosque, and the Buddhist may rock-hew his tope. In practice it is the country where only the Christian may freely worship, and that Christian must keep Sunday, the first day of the week, which day is not mentioned in the Decalogue nor made holy in the Sacred Canon. What right has the State to make the Moslems, the Hebrews, the Seventh-day Baptists, the Seventh-day Adventists observe a rest day other than that which is in harmony with their faith ? What right has the State to make atheists, infidels, and pagans observe any day ?ŠCyrus Simmons, Knoxville, Tenn., in the World, Feb. 12. Ł -411,  WHAT SOME SWISS EDITORS THINK AND SAY. AN item has lately appeared in La Semaine Religieuse, published in Geneva, Switzerland, which is interesting, as containing in condensed shape the thought and expression of several Swiss editors in reference to Seventh-day Ad-ventists and their publications. The article, as it appeared in La Semaine Religieuse, on February 2, is as follows :Š In the month of December, Le Pays, Catholic organ of the Bernese Juras, published an article in which .it complained vigorously of the distribution in the Cath-olic parishes of little sheets for the propagation of Protestantism, which were, it said, "an artful attempt to excite contempt for the confessional." La Gazette du Valais and Le Courrier de Geneve, journals of the same Ł shade of belief, hastened to reproduce the article, enlarging upon it with many comments. Le Pays denounced especially the little journal, entitled, Les Signes des Te9nps, which is sent, it says, by mail to a multitude of people who do not wish it, and which " calls the eucharist a wafer and the pope anti-christ." It imagines that the expenses of this "paltry proselytism " are drawn from " the well-filled pastoral coffers of Basler pietism." The Catholic organ, then, does not know that the sheet which it denounces is the organ of the Seventh-day Adventists, and that this sect has no better opinion of our Reformed churches, national or independent, than of the Roman Catholic Church. Ł Do they not urge the adherents of all other denominations, Cath-olic or Protestant, "to come out of their Babylon," join these new saints of the last days who observe Saturday in the place of Sunday, and are the only Christians who have not apostatized by receiving upon their foreheads the mark of the beast ? If the liberty of propagandism was not for us a sacred principle, and if our co-religionists had not been trained to free investigation by three centuries of controversy, we should also have as good reasons as the Catholic papers for deploring the importation into our parishes of these " packages of waste paper " which excite in these editors so peculiar a mixture of fear and scorn. This article La Tribune de Geneve reprinted in its issue of February 4, under the title " Intolerance," simply crediting it to its source and making no comment other than that contained in the pithily exclamatory title. The Semaine Religieuse, which has hereto-fore been aptly called the Semaine " Furieuse," describes itself, on its title page, as " Organe dn Protestantisme Evangelique," or Organ of Evangelical Protestantism. It makes itself the mouthpiece of the Independent Church of French-speaking Switzerland, and is edited with a pointed pen and keen rhetoric. This article, which it addresses " To the Catholic Papers,"Šas originally entitled,Šis an inter-esting example of subtlety and acuteness of method. It masses the expressions of three Catholic editors and callsŁ the attention of all Catholic papers to them. Thoughtful care is taken to cull for the benefit of the citizens of Basel that expressive phrase, " the well-filled pastoral coffers of Basler pietism," and thus to canker the gold, with which their coffers  are unquestionably well filled, with the infor-mation of their undesired reputation for evan-gelical and missionary effort. But having administered this bitter draught, as an incentive for the further development of Basler antagonism toward Seventh-day Adventists, it proceeds to inform them all, with a graciousness which is almost a reminder of the sweet suavity of Mark Antony with which he stirred the Roman populace to vio-lence, who it is against whom they should direct their attacks. Thus having stirred them all, at the last, with unexpected and treacherous reverse of its poisonous weapon, upon its comrades of the moment, like the wasp, it leaves its inflam-matory sting to rankle in the sudden and un-looked-for thrust of its last sentence. How many centuries more of controversy would it take to show religious controversial-ists that controversy with individuals or sects rather than with principles, is itself irreligious, and an unquestionable evidence of failure to comprehend the spirit of true religion ? W. H. MCKEE. Basel, Switzerland. FATHER CHINIQUY TO ARCHBISHOP FABRE. WHEN the venerable Father Chiniquy was ill at his home in Montreal a few months ago, several Roman Catholics, including a Jesuit priest, called to see him for the purpose of bringing him back to the Roman Catholic faith. He firmly but courteously refused to be led back to Rome, and when he had re-gained his health he wrote a letter to Arch-bishop Fabre of Montreal, in which he said MONTREAL, 65 Hutchison Street, "December 8, 1894. " To My Lord Fabre, Roman Catholic Bishop of Montreal: "My bodily strength is so perfectly restored that I write you this letter without the use of any spectacles, and my hand does not shake more than when I was only thirty years old, though I am in my eighty-sixth year. " I am cured, perfectly cured, though I have not had a single drop of your waters of Notre Dame de Lourdes, and without going to the good St. Anne of Beaupre! I am cured in spite of the maledictions and excommuni-cations of the bishops and priests of Rome! " And, what will puzzle you the more, I am cured, perfectly cured, without having ac-cepted any one of your medals or scapularies Šwithout even having bought any of your blessed candles which I might have got from yon for five cents! " But, to prevent you from suspecting that the devil alone, or some witches, could have healed such a bad man as I am, I must give you the secret of that cure. May our merciful God grant that you may have recourse to the same remedy with the multitudes of our dear countrymen you are leading in the perishing ways of Rome. " From the very day that I broke the chains which were tying me to the feet of the idols of the pope, I put myself under the care of the best physician the world has ever seen. His name is Jesus. He is both the Son of God and the Son of man. He came from .heaven more than 1,800 years ago to save us from all our spiritual and even bodily miseries. But his condition was that those who wanted to be cured by him should not invoke any other name but his own. For his Apostle Peter wrote in his Testament these very words : There is no other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved.' Acts 4: 12. His Testament is called The Gos-pel.' "These last 1,800 years, all the echoes of 