kBERVABY i804. A,MiaLeacAN SO occurrences in the cities of the East. "Throughout Asiatic Christendom it was the same wild struggle. Bishops deposed quietly; or where resistance was made, the two factions fighting in the streets, in the churches: cities, even the holiest places, ran with blood. . . . The hymn of the angels in heaven was the battle cry on earth, the signal of human bloodshed." In A. D. 512, one of these Trisagion riots broke out in Constantinople, because the emperor proposed to use the added clause. " Many palaces of the nobles were set on fire, the officers of the crown insulted, pillage, conflagration, violence, raged through the city." In the house of the favorite minister of the emperor there was found a monk from the country. He was accused of having suggested the use of the addition. His head was cut off, and raised high on a pole, and the whole orthodox populace marched through the streets singing the orthodox Trisagion, and shouting, " Behold the enemy of the Trinity." II THIS is enough, but it is not in vain to show the difference between barbarism and Christian civilization in the Roman Empire when the Catholic Church had everything in her own hands and was al-lowed to show fully what she could do. And what did she do with the Ostrogoths ? Why, finding she could not corrupt them with her own barbaric religion, she secured from Justinian the armies of the Eastern Empire and swept them not only out of Italy, but out of existence. The Ostro- goths were one of the three nations that were " plucked up by the roots " to give full place to the papacy. Dan. 7: 8, 20, 24, 25. Arid, behold, now she announces to the Government and people of the United States, that what she has done for other nations in the past she will now do for the United States. And there is not the least doubt that she will do all in her barbaric power to fulfill this avowed pur-pose. She will corrupt to the core the whole nation, so far as it is possible for her to do it; and such as she cannot cor-rupt she will do her utmost to destroy. But, thank the Lord, she cannot destroy them, for Grod has promised to all these "the victory over the beast and over his image and over his mark and over the number of his name "Ša complete and triumphant victory over her and all her barbarismŠand these shall stand on the sea of glass before the throne of God. Rev. 15 : 2, 3. WHo of the American, or of the world's people, will favor Rome ? Who will admit her claims ? Who will sanction her pre-tensions ? Who will yield to this mystery of lawlessness ? this synonym of worse than barbarism ? Who will share the perdition that must come, with the coming of this " saviour from the Vatican " ? Who ? It is time to decide. A. T. J. Roman Catholic Religious Liberty. TN "The Faith of Our Fathers," page 264, Cardinal Gibbons thus defines religious liberty :Š A man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right of worshiping God according to the dictates of a right conscience, and of practicing that form of religion most in accordance with his duties to God. But what is " a right conscience " ? and § AL, pars. 21, 22. I lb. what form of religion is it which is " most in accordance with his duties to GOd"? Let the cardinal's own book answer :Š If, as we have seen, the church has authority from God to teach, and if she teaches nothing but the truth, is it not the duty of all Christians to hear her voice and obey her commands ? She is the organ of the Holy Ghost. She is the representative of Jesus Christ, who has said to her ; " He that heareth you heareth me; he that despiseth you, despiseth me." She is mistress of truth. It is the property of the human mind to embrace the truth wherever it finds it. It would, therefore, be not only an act of irreverence, but of sheer folly to disobey the voice of this ever-truthful mother. If a citizen is bound to obey the laws of his country, though those laws may not in all respects be conform-able to strict justice; if the child is bound by the nat-ural and divine law to obey his mother, though she may sometimes err in her judgments, how much more strictly are we obliged to be docile to the teachings of the Catholic Church, our mother, whose admonitions are always just, whose precepts are immutable!ŠThe Faith of Our Fathers, pages 95, 96. In the light of this pronunciamento what does the cardinal mean by " the dic-tates of a right conscience " ?ŠSimply a conscience instructed by the Catholic Church. And what by "that form of religion most in accordance with his duties to God " ?ŠThe Roman Catholic religion, certainly. Then what, in reality, is his definition of religious liberty ?ŠSimply this : "A man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right to worship God according to the dictates of a conscience instructed by the Catholic Church, and of practicing the Roman Catholic re-ligion "!! And yet " Protestants " there are who believe that Cardinal Gibbons is remarkably liberal, that he is in fact a friend and defender of religious liberty! And so he isŠlet him define that liberty. But it is the " liberty " of the dungeon, the rack and the fagot. C. P. B. Ł ID Ł  He Agrees with the SentinelŠ" But." As the following letter is short, and we have the consent of the gentleman who sends it to make whatever use of it we see fit, we print it for comment :Š Chicago, Ill., Jan. 18, 1894. AMERICAN SENTINEL:--A friend handed me your No. 1, Vol. 9, and I have read it with attentionŠagree-ing most heartily with it in its decided hostility to the connection of Church and StateŠnot only hostility to the Established Church systems in Europe, but to any movement in these highly favored free American United States which is made in harmony with the principle of such church establishments. I differ from it, however, in the leading illustration in its col-umns, viz.: that the seventh day is the proper religious rest day of the present dispensation, for I am per-suaded that to all believers in the risen Christ by whom "life and immortality have been brought to light," the first day of the week should ever be to them the memorial day of joy and rejoicing, and especially devoted to his service. But why not regard the law of creation over all mankind as best observed by a seventh part of time for rest ? And this being so, then it is but the duty of all civil governments of com-mon sense to have a day of rest from labor and busi-ness for their people. Thus, in the year of our Lord 1894, let the law of the civil power abide by its legal day of rest. And although those who abide by " the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus " are " free from the law of sin and death," yet none the less as Christian citizens they may support the civil authority in secular affairs so long as it is a terror to evil doers, and a protection to well doers. The many insidious movements towards State-churchism are to-day as cancerous to the fundamental principle of our civil government, as would be similar movements towards the restoration of slavery where local majorities prevail. The politicians of all parties should watch to defend this fundamental principle of the civil government of our country, viz: No Church and State connection. But what can we expect of many among us who inherit the Church and State establishment principle so long dominant in Europe, and who would, if they could, welcome it here ? Such are the Romanists, the Lutherans, Episcopalians, and Presbyterians who may consistently accept State favors; but look at the Daily News Almanac of 1893, and see many others who swallow some of the Indian  school fund. Congregationalists, Friends, Unitarians, and Methodists; all these partake; but old madam Rome got, in eight years, about a million more dollars than all others together I Rome got $2,366,416, all other schools, institutes, and churches received only $1;408,537. But this is only one case of grab! For the exemption of church property from taxes seems to be welcomed by all the denominations. I know of none who reject it (except a Baptist Church in To-ronto). To accept exemption from taxes imposes the amount on the people; but Jesus paid taxes to the civil government and told his disciples to do so, and never accepted nor authorized his Church or apostles to take State payments. To do so is akin to the sin of Achan, who took of the accursed thingŠakin to the sin of Gehazi, who disobeyed his master ElijahŠakin to the sin of Judas, the covetous apostle, whose bag was probably as much in need as the sects in our country. Leprosy and death were the penalties, and so it is spiritually with churches seduced by State favors. The true bride of Christ must keep herself pure, and his soldiers must be loyal to the instructions of their divine Master, the risen Lord Jesus Christ for the conquest of the world. Taos, HODGE, Rogers Park, Chicago. The questions raised in this communi-cation are interesting, and, like all ques-tions pertaining to our duty toward God, are worthy of careful consideration. The query, "Why not regard the law of Creation over all mankind as best ob-served by a seventh part of time for rest ?" admits the existence of a divine law of rest; and that law is the fourth commandment of the Decalogue. But for that law man would know nothing of a seventh part of time for rest, for no people have ever had a weekly Sabbath without first having a knowledge of the divine law. The writer does not believe that phys-ical rest is the primary object of the Sab-bath; it is memorial rather than utili-tarian in character. True it "was made for man," but does that necessarily mean that it was primarily for his physical good ? When was it made for man ?ŠIn the beginning before man stood in need of rest from wearing toil; and we learn from Isa. 66 : 22,23 that it will be ob-served by man in the redeemed state, when " there shall be no more curse," and consequently no wearing toil to render necessary stated periods of physical rest. Regarding the Sabbath as memorial rather than economic, it is at once appar-ent that it necessarily attaches itself to the event of which it is a memorial. In such a case to change the day is to change the reason for its observance, and to es-tablish another institution. Thus we have Sunday observed instead of the original Sabbath because Christ rose from the dead on that day, and not because God rested on that day from the work of creation. It is a different day, observed for a different reason; and is essentially a different institution. But granting, for the sake of the argu-ment only, that the Sabbath is for rest, what do we find ?ŠA very general in-sistence, by those who would make it a subject of civil law, on the proposition that uniformity of observance is essential to rest; that is that all must rest at the same time. It is often expressed in this sentence : " The right of rest for one is the law of rest for all." But this most emphatically negatives the seventh-part-of-time theory; for " the law of the Lord is perfect; " and if that law was designed to give man a Sabbath for physical rest, and if uniformity be essential to such rest, the law must of necessity be definite, not only as to the exact proportion of time but as to the precise portion of time to be devoted to rest. But surely an all, wise God never left indefinite so important a matter as the definite time of the Sab-bath. Viewed from either standpoint, 