96 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH 20, 1890. , NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to hira by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. FOR a living illustration of the influence of ecclesiastics in legislation, please read and inwardly digest the article by our London correspondent, page 91. A NEW edition of the pamphlet ' Civil Government and Religion " is now ready. It contains the new Amendment resolution and the new National Sunday bill, with discussions of them which brings the pam-phlet up to date. Let it have the widest possible circulation, Timm was laid on our table this Week a copy of a German edition, illustrated;  of the pamphlet " Civil GoVernitieht and Re-ligion," We are glad to see it. It supplies a need that has been seriously felt for some time. We hope the friends of truth and good government will bring this to the notice of the German people as promptly and as widely as possible. 229 pages. Price, 35 cents. SUNDAY evening, March 9, there was a Sunday-law meeting held in Bedford Street Methodist Episcopal Church, this city, Colonel Elliott F. Shepard was one of the speakers, and his speech was charac-teristic of himself and of the body of which he is president, as the following ex-tract will show. This is all of his speech Ł that needs to be reported :Š England and the United States. are the greatest Nations in the world because they keep the . fourth commandment. Germany conquered France be-cause she was a better Sabbath-keeping Nation, and by this standard a Nation's greatness may be judged. AT the annual meeting of the alumni and alumnae of Michigan University, resi-dent in Washington, which was recently held 'at Willard's, Representative Allen, of Michigan, made a ringing after-dinner speech. He declared that the University owed much of the marvelous progress which it has made to the fact that it has always maintained the proper distinctions between religion and the State. This great institution of learning has kept an even course, in respect to these queStions, through much adverse criticism, But, by the character of the men Whom it has sent out to participate in, the public councils of the States and of the. Nation, it has proved most conclusively that a noble and intelligent Christianity can be  developed without a distinctive theological training. It is a fact that, in these days of increasing subserviency to man-made theology, and of dangerous tendency to centralization in Church and in State, with a view to future coalition, the broadly educated men and women of such institu-tions as the Michigan University are needed to maintain the social, political, and moral equilibrium of national affairs. Ł 10   THE annual Convention of the National Reforin Association is to meet in Lincoln Music Hall, Washington City, April 1, and continue three days. Rev. Jonathan Ed-wards is announced as one of the speakers, and he is to speak on the same subject that he did in the Convention of 1873. Hon. W. C. P. Breckharidge, who framed the Sunday bill 'for the District of Colum-bia is to preside at one of the sessions and make a speech. Of all days in the year, the first day of April is the only one on which that ASSo= biAti.Ori ban With pbtfObt boiisistbncy meet, N a speech in the United. States Senate;  Mardi. in Opposition to the Blair Edu-dational bill, Senator Plumb, of Kansas, gave expression to an immense truth, and as important just now as it is immense, when he spoke the two following sen-tences :Š Whatever domain Government invades it domi nates. The jurisdiction which it takes it keeps. Let the people attach these two sentences to the Sunday Bills that are now before Congress, then carefully study the whole, and they will get a view of what the re-sult would be if they became lays. By this too, those who favor these measures can see what they ask when they petition for the passage of such bills IN the United States Senate March 3, Senator Spooner, of Wisconsin, very justly remarked that " the tendency of this day is too much to paternalism in government." This is too true. The evil tendency seems to be in the very air. It crops out "here and there and everywhere. It cannot be too carefully watched nor too strictly guarded against. Mr. Spooner further said that " no man can sit in Con-gress without being conscious of the fact that very often petitions come here for leg-islation on Łtopics which are not justly the subject of legislation." Sunday legisla-tion is a sample of this, therefore let the petitions be rolled up by the thousands of names against such legislation. IN a Sunday-law meeting in this city, Tuesday evening, March 11, Rev. R. S. MacArthur, ,pastor of Calvary _Baptist Church, said, as 'to the keeping of the Sabbath, that if he were ire a Mohammedan country he could observe Friday; if in a country where Seventh-day Baptists pre- dominated he could observe Saturday, though he would prefer Sunday; and that in this country, as Sunday is the day ob-served, people ought not to object when required to observe it. Yet he insisted that the Sabbath is of divine and everlast-ing obligation. The same day, in the City Court, a Chinaman, about to be sworn as a witness, when asked what form of oath he would consider most binding, replied :.Š Here in America I believe in the Bible, but in China I would believe in idols and my ancestors. Dr. MacArthur's views of moral obliga-tion match quite well with those of that Chinaman. THE attempt to shut all places on Sun-day except those which are run in the in-terests of religion and the Church, has led an enterprising proprietor in Boston to label his dime museum on Sunday as fol-lows 1----- Eibientifie Oltureh, (strand _Wilbert and lectufa bn bid niaicis seed pkiib-Aght@is: doii@ctioit id mitg, The genuine churches ought to he ashanied ofSUch Company as that. It may be replied that they are ashamed of it. Hardly; if they were ashamed of such company they would be ashamed to create it, as they do by the laws which they demand shall be enacted and enforced. So long as -they are not ashamed to create such company, it cannot be said that they are ashamed of it after they have created it. The Gospel in All Lands for March is one of the best numbers of that monthly which has ever been issued. Mexico is the subject of the "Monthly Missionary Con-cert," which is especially interesting and cannot fail to increase the interest now felt in this country in Christian missions in that republic. "The Jesuit Campaign and Our Danger," by Charles J. Little, LL, D,, should be read by everybody, and the warning which it contains should be heeded. The author truthfully remarks that " the real danger- lies not so much in the Jesuitism of Catholicism as in the Jesuitism of Protestantism," by which he means the adoption by Protestants of Jesuitical practices, traditions, and meth-ods. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, - and the Maintenance of - human rights both civil and religioug. - It will ever be uncOmpromisinglYopposed to anything tending towards *ice of Church and State; either-  in name or in'fact. 'Smoot COPY, PER 'YEAR, POET-PAID, . . . . $1;00. In clubs of ten or more conies, per year, . . , 75e. - To foreign coutatrie.4,' single subscription, post-paid, 4s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL.' , 48 'BOND STREET, NEW.  YDER, 