AMERICAN SENTINEL. 195 THE following speech, which was made in Congress in 1854, by Senator Stephen A. Douglas, in reply to clergymen of Boston and Chicago who had undertaken to rebuke him and other senators for not conforming to their wishes in the matter of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, is by no means out of date to-day, in view of the religious combines which clergymen are to-day leading against the Government:Š "The preservation of our free institutions requires that church and state shall be separated. . . . "I call the attention of the senate and the countryto the astounding fact that any body of men, calling them- selves clergymen or by any other name, in this age and in this country, would presume to claim that they were authorized by the Almighty, and in his name, to pro- nounce an authoritative judgment upon a political question pending before the Congress of the United States. "You propose, through your divinely appointed in-stitution, to apply the test of 'inspired truth' to each of the political organizations, and to their respective conflicts, and 'to reprove, rebuke, and exhort with all authority and doctrine,' in the name of the great Jeho-vah. With all due respect to you, as ministers of the gospel, I cannot recognize in your divinely appointed in-stitution, the power either of prophecy or revelation. . . . "I have wandered over distant and extensive por-tions of the globe, during the past year, where the suc-cessor of Mohammed proclaimed and enforced God's will on earth, according to the principles of inspired truth and obligation, as recorded in the Koran. "But when I set foot on the shores of my native land, under the broad folds of our national flag, and surrounded by the protecting genius of our American institutions, I did not feel like recognizing any such rightful authority of. that divinely appointed institu-tion in temporal affairs, here or elsewhere. "Your claims for the supremacy, of this divinely op_ pointed institution are subversive of the fundamental principles upon which our whole republican system rests. What the necessity of a Congress, if you can supervise and direct its conduct? Why should the peo-ple subject themselves to the trouble and expense of electing legislatures for the purpose of enacting human laws, if their validity depends upon the sanction of your divine authority? Why sustain a vast and complex judicial system, to expound the laws, administer justice, and determine all disputes in respect to human rights, if your divinely appointed institution is invested with all authority to prescribe the rule of decision in the name of the Deity?- If your pretensions be just and valid, why not dispense with the machinery of human government, and subject ourselves freely and unreservedly, together with all our temporal and spiritual interests and hopes, to the justice and mercy of this divinely appointed in-stitution? "Our fathers held that the people were the only true source of all political power; but what avails this posi-tion if the constituted authorities established by the people, are to be controlled and directedŠnot by their own judgment, not by the will of their constituents, but by the divinely constituted power of the clergy? . . . "The will of the people, expressed in obedience to the forms and provisions of the Constitution, is the supreme law of this land. But your office as ministers is not provided for in the Constitution. Your divinely ap-pointed institution is not recognized in that instru-ment. Nowhere in the Constitution or laws of any of the states or of the United States, is there to be found a provision constituting or recognizing you and your brethren the divinely appointed institution for the declaration and enforcement of God's will;' and there-fore, in your character as a body of ministers, you can-not claim any political power under our system of gov-ernment. "The persecutions of our ancestors were too fresh in the memories of our revolutionary fathers, for them to create, recognize, or even tolerate, a church establish-ment in this country, clothed with temporal authority. So apprehensive were they of the usurpations of this, the most fearful and corrupting of all despotisms, whether viewed with regard to the purity of the church or the happiness of the people, that they provided in the Con-stitution that 'no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.' "Still, fearful that in the process of time a spirit of religious fanaticism, or a spirit of ecclesiastical domina-tion (yet more to be dreaded, because cool and calculat-ing), might sieze upon some exciting political topic, and in an evil hour surprise or entrap the people into a dangerous concession of political power to the clergy, the first Congress under the Constitution proposed, and the people adopted an amendment, to guard against such a calamity, in the following words:Š " Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' "ŠCong. Globe, 33d Cong., 1st sess., Appendix, pp. 653-661. This Catholic Nation. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND, who is as well known for his supposed Americanism as for his Catholicism, in a reply to the pope's recent letter on "Americanism," said:Š "The whole episcopate of the United States, in their own names and in the names of their people, are ready to repudiate and condemn those errors. We cannot but be indignant that such an injury has been done usŠto our bishops, to our faithful people, to our nationŠin designating by the word `Americanism,' as certain ones have done, such errors and extravagances as these." "An injury" "to our nation " ; mark the words. The "errors" condemned by the pope's letter as being out of harmony with the teaching and practice of the papacy, do not represent Americanism, says this Cath-olic prelate. To say that they do, is to insult the na-tion. What then is true Americanism?ŠWhy, of course, poses, has escaped taxation to the extent of $200,000 during the past five years. An effort is to be made to collect it. s111-6-4.4 Clerical Presumption Rebuked in Congress. 