250 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Products of the State and for other purposes similar to those to which Madison Square Garden is put in New York. The pulpit won in the debate, but the victory was short-lived, for the building was destroyed by fire last week. If the decision of the managers had been the other way, and it had been determined to continue the Sunday bicycle and horse shows, the moral from a the-ological point of view would be obvious. As it is, no lesson seems to be taught.ŠExchange. All Exhibits Will Be Opened Sundays. A PRESS dispatch from Paris, dated April 9, states the following in reference to the question of opening exhibits at the coming Fair:Š "The French authorities have decided that all ex-hibits at the Exhibition are to be open to the public on Sunday, and the United States exhibits are within this regulation. "The United States National Pavilion is not within this category, and the question of its being opened or closed on Sunday the French officials have left entirely to Commissioner Peck." Spirit of the Times. THE following from an Australian religious journal tells more in regard to the spirit of the times than can be told by all the arguments of the people who proclaim that the world is nearing the millennium:Š "TWO PICTURES. "A few days ago vast crowds thronged the streets of Adelaide to see our troops embark. The send-off was most enthusiastic. It was an intensely hot day, over 100 degrees in the shade. And yet for all that, thousands of men, women, and children stood for hours in our streets oblivious of heat and fatigue. Two days laterŠa SundayŠa very hot day likewise, a correspond-ent in one of the papers declares there were not 500 people in the churches, and he says in the largest and oldest church in Adelaide there were only four people. No doubt the stay-at-home folks of that day would say it was too hot to go to church, and deem this a suffi-cient reason." Settling the Etiquette of "the Court." THE Philadelphia Public Ledger makes this reference to resent difficulties at "thecourt," as the seat of polit-ical and social life at Washington is now termed:Š "A thrill of gladness will be felt throughout the land when it is learned from the court journals that 'the bitter fight which has raged during the winter (at Washington) as to social precedence bids fair for settle-ment,' and that 'the intricate problems have received  the careful consideration of the highest authorities, and the round of social festivals will be inaugurated next season under a simple and easily-comprehended system of rules. The imperative necessity of adjudicating the claims of the speaker of the House and the president of the Senate has compelled the promulgation of a new and regular order of precedence." The Ledger proceeds to state the new rules which have been promulgated as the final decree of the "high- est authorities" in the matter, and after some further remarks, concludes thus:Š "Let no one who remembers the republican simplic-ity, decorum, dignity, and democracy of the official life of our Government during the presidency of Washing-ton or Lincoln cry out against this stilling of the 'hith-erto stormy sea' of court life at Washington; it is quite harmless, as harmless, indeed, as it is grotesque; it isn't a real court which our 'highest authorities' have set up; the court is as sham as a palace of lathe and stucco. It's a petty sham and childish folly; it is merely a bad imitation, an impudent counterfeit of the real thing; it is a Brummageia court of an oride nobility, and rather than rail against a thing so pitiful in its peurility let 'the highest authorities' be congratulated in the briefest manner possible, from Oshkosh to Pride's Corner, that this tempest in the social teapot of the Capital has been settled; as the very least which can be said about it will be the very best which can be said about anything so absolutely absurd and pretentious." The "court" may be absurd enough in itself; but as an evidence of the change that has overtaken the once prominent democracy of the nation, it is not with-out significance "Fast Day" in Connecticut. A NEW ENGLAND CLERGYMAN BELIEVES IT SHOULD BE ABOLISHED. "New Haven Register," April 9. REV. DR. NEWMAN SMYTH, in his service at Center Church yesterday morning, said some straight-from-the-shoulder things regarding the latter day observ-ance of Fast Day as a public holiday. He compared the modern attitude toward the day as a holiday with the meaning of the day when it was established, and said some sharp things about the modern methods. Dr. Smyth read the proclamation, and then sug-gested that the day as a public holiday be abolished. He read the governor's proclamation for the first time in several years. It will be remembered that for the last two years he has refused to read the proclamation for the reasons stated in his address yesterday. Dr. Smyth said that he would read the Fast Day proclamation with the public suggestion that the last year of this century might be a fitting time to bring this custom to a close. The proclamation, he said, con-tained an apology for its own issuance in the statement that it was a custom instituted by a generation which 