DECEMBER 5, 1895 C.AN S1NTIINMIAo 381 world, but to save the world." He is our ex-ample. On the other hand, speaking of those who would think they were doing God's will in persecuting others, Jesus says, " And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me." The spirit of intolerance and persecution is the spirit of antichrist. The secret of religious liberty is the gospel of Christ. That will stand the test. LAW MAKING AND LAW BREAKING. The One Great Lawgiver. [The Present Truth, London, England.] " THERE is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy." James 4: 12. This is absolute. " For the Lord is our Judge, the Lord is our lawgiver, the Lord is our King; he will save us." Isa. 33: 22. God is the only real lawgiver. He is Lord and King over all the inhabitants of the world, " both low and high, rich and poor together." He is the lawgiver for princes as well as peasants, for judges as well as common people. To him they all alike owe allegiance, even as a child does to its father; " for we are also his offspring." Acts 17: 28. " The Most High raleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." Dan. 4:25. "Wis-dom and might are his; " " He removeth kings, and setteth up kings." Dan. 2:20, 21. It is decreed that the nation and the kingdom that will not serve him shall perish. Isa. 60: 12. Hence the exhortation, " Be wise now therefore, 0 ye kings: be instructed, ye judges of the earth. Serve the Lord with fear, and rejoice with trembling. Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish from the way." Ps. 2:10-12. The One Supreme Law. " Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter : Fear God, and keep his command-ments; for this is the whole duty of man. For God shall bring every work into judg-ment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil." Eccl. 12:13, 14. So the message which goes forth " to peoples, nations, tongues, and kings" (Rev. 10: 11), even " to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people," is to " fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come; and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters." Rev. 14: 6, 7. God is the supreme lawgiver, because he alone is able to save. Therefore " the law of the Lord is perfect, converting the soul." Ps. 19: 7. That law, which was once spoken by God himself, in tones which shook the earth, is composed of ten precepts. . . . It was of this law that Jesus said, " It is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail." Luke 16: 17. He said, " Think not that I came to destroy the law, or the prophets : I came not to destroy, but to fulfill." Matt. 5: 17. The law was within his heart (Ps. 40: 8), and he came in the likeness of sinful flesh, in order " that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us." Rom. 8: 4. This law is summed up in two great com-mandments, the first of which is, " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." And the second is like unto it, namely, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." Matt. 22: 37, 39. " Love worketh no ill to his neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." Rom. 13: 10. " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them; for this is  the law and the prophets." Matt. 7: 12. Therefore it follows that the man who faith-fully keeps the law of God, fulfills every obli-gation to man. " Love is the fulfilling of the law," and " love is of God; " therefore he who loves God, must love all men. So to fear God and to keep his commandments is the whole duty of every man. There is nothing that can be required outside of that. No man can serve two masters. Whatever is contrary to God's law, even though it be framed into " law," is lawless and wicked, and must be shunned and ignored by every one who does his duty. There is no danger that this will lead to anarchy; for to love God supremely is the first commandment, and he who does that will necessarily love men. The Seal of the Law. " In six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex. 20:11. At the close of each day's work " God saw that it was good." Each step was perfect as he proceeded in the work of creation. At the close of the sixth day " God saw every-thing that he had made, and, behold, it was very good." Gen. 1: 31. Creation was then both perfect and complete. Then God rested from all his works. A perfect dwelling place was prepared for a perfect people. In Heb. 4: 1-4 the fact that the perfect rest for the people of God was ready from the foundation of the earth, is proved by the statement that " God did rest on the seventh day from all his works." The seventh-day Sabbath is therefore the seal of a complete and perfect new creation. Now note carefully what follows:- 1. Salvation from sin means a new creation. " If any man be in Christ, he is a new crea-ture." 2 Cor. 5: 17. " By grace are ye saved through faith; . . . not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workman-ship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works." Eph. 2:8-10. The gospel is " the power of God unto salvation," and the eternal power of God is seen in the things that he has made. Rom. 1 : 16, 20. Redemption therefore is creation. 2. The Sabbath, being the sign of creation complete and perfect, is the sign of perfect and complete salvation. So God says of his people, "I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Eze. 20: 12. The Sabbath of the Lord is the sign and reminder of his power to save. 3. God is the only lawgiver, because he is the only one who can save. " There is one lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy." He has a right to the service of men, because he is the Creator, and we are dependent on him both for this present life and for that which is to come. Therefore it follows- 4. That the Sabbath is the seal of God's power, and of his authority as lawgiver. To despise the Sabbath is to despise God's author-ity. To substitute another sabbath in the place of God's Sabbath is the most bold and glaring defiance of God that could be devised. The Great Lawbreaker. There is a being known as Satan, or the adversary, who was once an angel of light in heaven, having the name Lucifer, or light-bearer. The cause of his fall from heaven is thus described : " Thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God : I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north : I will ascend above the  heights of the clouds; I will be like the Most High." Isa. 14:13, 14. That which turned him from the light-bearer into the prince of darkness was the exaltation of himself. He set himself forth as greater than God. Having seduced man from his loyalty to God, Satan became " the god of this world." He is such because men have turned " every one to his own way; " and to choose our own way in preference to that of God, is to be ruled by Satan. The way of self is the way of Satan. The full development of this sa-tanic spirit among men is thus set forth by the Apostle Paul, in speaking of the coming of Christ: " That day shall come except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." 2 Thess. 2: 3, 4. " That man of sin," is literally, as rendered by Young, "the lawless one." He is the lawless one because he sets himself against God and his law. So in Dan. 7: 25, we have the same lawless one described as one who " shall speak great words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High, and shall think to change times and laws." The beast of Revelation 13, also answers to the same description, in that " he opened his mouth in blasphemy against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven; and it was given unto him to make war with the saints and to overcome them." Verses 6, 7. That earthly power which completely meets these specifications is the papacy. All men are by nature in opposition to God, and there are many forms of organized opposition to him ; but in that vast system, the head of which is the pope of Rome, we find the most complete development of the satanic principle of the exaltation of self that can possibly be found among men. Of this power it is said in Rev. 13: 2, that " the dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority." Not that the dragon resigned his own power and authority in favor of " the beast," but that all the power and authority which " the beast"-the papacy-has, is given it by the dragon. But the dragon is " that old serpent, called the Devil and Satan." Rev. 12: 9. Therefore the power of the papacy is the power of the devil; and the pope, who professes to be the vicar of Christ, is, on the contrary, the vicar of Satan. The Mark of Lawlessness. The papacy arose through the substitution of the teaching of men for the word of God. The great claim of the papacy to-day is that of infallibility, that it is superior to the Bible, competent to sit in judgment upon it, and to decide what is authoritative and what is not. Now the one thing above all others upon which the papacy depends to show its power and authority, is the substitu-tion of the Sunday for the Sabbath. A few extracts from standard Catholic works are sufficient to show this. From the " Catholic Christian Instructed," sixteenth edition, James Duffy, Sons, & Co., Dublin, we quote the following:- Q. What are the days which the church commands to be kept holy, or observed as days of particular de-votion ? A. 1st. The Sunday, or Lord's day, which we observe by apostolical tradition instead of the Sab-bath. . . . Q. What warrant have you for keeping the Sun-day preferably to the ancient Sabbath, which was Saturday? 