18  CA .NT SIENTIIN.E211- VOL. 8, No. 3. Gompers, of the American Federation of Labor. But when Mr. A. T. Jones ad-dressed himself to that side of the subject, solely, he was listened to, although with consideration yet with evident dissatisfac-tion, and when he attempted to show the character and animus of the influence by which the passage of the present Sunday-closing proviso was secured, he was un-ceremoniously reminded that he was not addressing himself to the point at issue. Mayor Washburne's address to the com-mittee was prefaced with the reading by the city clerk of Chicago, who accom-panied the delegation, of a memorial passed by the common council of Chi-cago, the pith of which was the petition to the committee and Congress :Š That the gates of the World's Columbian Ex-position be not closed on Sunday. That the buildings may be kept open, and that their exhibits may be especially accessible to all classes on the Sabbath day. That suitable accommodations be provided within the Exposition grounds for holding religious serv-ices on the Sabbath day, to the end that all the de-nominations may have worship conducted accord-ing to their several customs, without obstruction or hindrance. Mayor Washburne, after stating that he, and other members of the council, appeared not as individuals, but as repre-senting the city of Chicago, then supple-mented the memorial by an able and pointed address in which he said, among other things, that in this matter a consti-tutional principle was touched; that if this Sunday-closing legislation was had in order to testify to the world that this was the Government of a Christian Na-tion then it was not justified by constitu-tional principle; that religious belief as to days as well as to doctrines should be left untouched; that Congress has just as much right to say that the Mohammedan and the Hindoo should be barred out of the Exposition gates entirely as to say that those gates should be closed religiously on the first day of every week; when asked to close the gates on the first day of the week in obedience to a religious belief, Congress is asked to do that which is con-trary to its required obedience to the Con-stitution. Aldermen Madden and Sexton followed Mayor Washburne in short addresses in support of the memorial as read. Presi-dent Gompers, of the Federation of Labor, then spoke at some length and with much force. Mr. Gompers denied the right of any one to count the wage-workers of the United States as desiring Sunday closing. He read a circular and petition in which it was asked that Congress should refrain from legislating upon this subject which was entirely foreign to it. To this petition nearly three hundred thousand wage-workers had signed their names. The National Convention of Labor at Birming-ham, Ala., had been memorialized by the American Sabbath Union asking it to favor Sunday closing at the World's Fair, and the memorial had been reported and replied to adversely. In reference to a much-heralded plan to transport working-men to and from Chicago between two Sundays, Mr. Gompers said, " Working-men ask the favor of no patent processes by which they may be shipped to Chicago like cattle, but they desire to pay their own way and take advantage of the com-mutation which they may obtain through their own efforts, and have the opportu-nity to see the Fair on every day." Mr. A. T. Jones closed the hearing for the day with a scholarly and unanswer- able plea upon the unconstitutionality of the Sunday-closing law as passed by Con-gress in the beginning, and arguing from that the necessity for its repeal. From the moment in the beginning of his dis-course when Congressman Robinson asked Mr. Jones to what denomination he be-longed, and Mr. Jones replied,Šafter say-ing that was a matter in which the com-mittee could properly have no interest,Šthat he was a Seventh-day Adventist, a growing spirit of derision arose among the listeners,Šwho were mainly members of the American Sabbath Union and their sympathizersŠfinally affecting some mem-bers of the committee even; and culmi-nating, toward the close of the address,Šwhen Mr. Jones referred to the meeting in Chicago when Sunday closing resolu-tions had been voted down,Šin expressions of disapproval and derisive interruptions scarcely befitting the dignity of the place and occasion. W. H. M. Washington, D. C. Developed into a Religious Council. THE second day's hearing before the World's Fair Committee very nearly de-veloped into a religious council. The en-tire time of two hours was occupied by the advocates of Sunday closing. The committee room was crowded, and those present were, with few exceptions, minis-ters of different denominations. Col. Elliot F. Shepard, as president of the American Sabbath Union, had the presentation of the speakers. Those who addressed the committee were, Colonel Shepard, himself; the Rev. Dr. Ramsdell, of Washington; the Rev. Joseph Cook, of Boston : the Rev. Dr. Mott, of New Jer-sey; the Rev. Dr. Fernley, of Philadel-phia; the Rev. Dr. Brooks, of Brooklyn; the Rev. W. F. Crafts, of Pittsburg; the Rev. Dr. Hunter, of Pennsylvania; the Rev. Dr. Hamline, of Washington; the Rev. Dr. McCarroll, of Pennsylvania; the Rev. Dr. Christie, from Asia Minor; Mr. Coffin, of Iowa; the Rev. Dr. Leiper, of Pennsylvania; Mrs. La Fetra, of Washing-ton; Mr. C. C. Evans, of Smyrna, Del. Of the four who did not address the committee in a ministerial capacity, as representing the religious belief and views of the Na-tion, two represented the American Sab-bath Union, and one claimed to represent the farmers of his State, as well; another spoke for the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, of the District of Columbia, which had set apart for itself the four days of the hearing as days of special prayer, that the law prohibiting Sunday opening of the Fair be not repealed, and had asked that all Christian people join with them in daily prayer to the same end; while the third informed the committee he brought with him resolutions signed by eighty citizens of Delaware, demand-ing that legislation to close the World's Fair be not repealed, under the alternative of a boycott. The threat of a boycott of the Fair was sufficient to show that the resolutions came from a religious gather-ing, for none other would have thought of taking that ground, or has. That which the speakers had to say was presented with much fluency and force, and in some cases with marked abil-ity. Every moment of the time was util-ized, and the management of this portion of the hearing exemplified most strik-ingly the facility which these organiza-tions for securing and ePIQrcing  religious  law have for mobilizing their forces, and working together in perfect mechan-ical accord to the same end. That the arguments of different advocates of religious legislation show great discrep-ancies, contradictions, and inconsistencies, when brought together and compared, is well known to all who have paid any critical attention to their writing or speak-ing. They suffered considerably in this hearing from the unavoidable comparison of so many conflicting views placed with such rapidity before the committee. Upon two things, however, there was complete unanimity of conviction and ex-pression, and those were that by decision of the Supreme Court this was a "Chris-tian Nation," and legislation asked by its religious representatives for the further-ance of Christianity, therefore, permis-sible; and that this decision with the ju-dicial precedents, and social customs upon which it is based, made all reference to constitutional principles entirely futile, useless, and quite out of place. Over and over again the subtle flattery was laid at the feet of congressmenŠcombined with a backhanded blow at those who as-sert constitutional principles, that it would seem a reflection upon the com-mittee and Congress that this matter should come up for discussion again at all; and that, the necessity for such a discussion involved a reflection upon Con-gress that it did not know what it wanted and was composed of hypocrites and weathervanes; and that, to say a word upon the unconstitutionality of the Sun-day-closing proviso would be a reflection upon the committee, Congress which passed it, and the President of the United States who signed it. It was also slyly insinuated that Con-gress would not care to acknowledge that it had passed an unconstitutional law, by repealing the Sunday closing clause. If this is not corruption, what is ? To use the graces of practised oratory to lead the legislators of the Nation away from the Constitution, to persuade them that criti-cism of any action they may take is inso-lence, and to suggest to them, that when in legislative error, they should beware of acknowledging it by the repeal of the erroneous legislationŠis this the political teaching of the Church of the United States by the mouths of its accredited representatives ? Such was its teaching at this hearing. In the criticisms of the business pur-pose of the World's Fair managers in de-siring an open Fair, the ministerial ideas on the financial question of the Fair seemed quite at variance. Several con-demned the management of the Fair in the severest language, and without stint, as greedy of gain and forgetful of all else, and careless of all elseŠonly to get gold, Šwhile another argued long and in mi-nute detail of mathematical statistics that there would be a money profit in closing the Fair on Sunday. The early differences between the Amer-ican Sabbath Union and the National Reform Association as to the propriety of the assumed disguise of a civil Sabbath, were still apparent, although the majority of the speakers threw off the cloak en-tirely and spoke as they would from their pulpits. Still, several claimed earnestly that all they asked was a civil Sunday, and proceeded immediately to disprove their assertion by the very language which they themselves used. In closing, letters were presented from 