AMERICAN SENTINEL. 87 power and authority; and all this just in order to still continue to keep Sunday. And of course you would not care to be found in that situation either. Let me lend you these Catholic books, Mr. James, to read in connec-' tion with Dan. 7:25 and Rev. 14:9-10. Mr. James.ŠHere are some customers coming in. Excuse me, Mr. Brown. Hammond, La. Not Fancy but Fact. IT is not fancy but fact that Jesus Christ came into this world to set men free. Nearly seven hundred years before his coming, it was prophesied of him that he was "to bind up the broken hearted, to proclaim liberty, to the captives, and the opening of the prisons to them that are bound" (Isa. 61:1); and early in his ministry he read these very words and said: "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears." Luke 4:21. The mission of Jesus was, first of all, to set men free from the dominion of sin; but there is a close and neces-sary connection between spiritual freedom and physical freedom. In fact, since we are to glorify God not only in spirit but in body, since both are his and all our powers belong to him, soul liberty demands that degree of phys-ical liberty that leaves the body free to obey the behests of conscience. For instance, the three Hebrews in order to preserve consciences void of offense, when commanded to bow before the golden image in the plain of Dura, were compelled by the circumstances to assert the physi-cal right to stand erect while others bowed themselves to the ground in idolatrous worship. Since the worship of God requires not only the service of the mind but also of the body, it follows that the preaching of the gospel necessarily instills into the hearts of men genuine love of genuine liberty of both mind and body. The man who believes with all his heart the words of Christ: "One is your master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren," will not be found exercising lordship over his brethren; neither will he yield his conscience to the keeping of any man or of any combination of men; he will claim liberty of mind and body, of thought and action, as an inalienable right, a sacred gift from God, to be used to his glory. Ł But when Christ came to this sin-cursed earth, liberty of conscience was unknown. Rome ruled the world, not only physically, but mentally. The highest duty of every man was to be "the obedient servant of the state." It was a capital crime to worship any god not recognized by law. It was the midnight of the world. The light which God had given to patriarchs and prophets had been dimmed by bigotry and superstition, and by the traditions of men. The chosen people of God were physi-cally the vassals of Rome, and spiritually the slaves of sin, and yet realized not their true condition. To Jesus Christ they boastingly said, "We be Abraham's seed and were never in bondage to any man." But he replied,  "Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin." And so hopelessly degrading was this spiritual bondage that it made them in a meas-ure insensible to national vassalage and caused them to even glory in their shame, crying out, "We have no king but Caesar." Such was the condition of the world when Jesus Christ came "to proclaim liberty to the captives;" and it was into such a world that he sent forth his disciples to teach the equality of all menŠnot to assail with fire or sword the established order of society, not to enter the lists as military revolutionists or even as political reformersŠbut to overthrow despotism in its original seat, the hu-man heart; to teach to all men the all-comprehensive truth of the fatherhood of God, that they might thereby know also the brotherhood of man; that loving God su-premely, each man might love his brother also. When Christ came into the world paganism was en-shrined in the hearts of the people, was deeply rooted in their social customs, and was entrenched in the laws of the empire, and yet 'within the lifetime of the apostles the new religion, the religion that challenged the supremacy of the Csars, that taught that king and peasant were equally answerable to God for both thought and action, had reached the confines of the then known world; had crossed seas, scaled mountains, traversed deserts, and even invaded the palace of the emperor, making.its con-quests in his household. All this and much more had been accomplished without one civil statute favorable to the gospel; without even once drawing the sword, without the use of either bullet or ballot, without political influ-enceŠin short, without any carnal weapon or human de-vice, but solely by the power of God in and through his word. Well might the apostle, through whose ministry much of this had been wrought, say: "The weapOns of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds; casting down imagina-tions, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ." In less than three centuries, Christianity, single-handed, won the bloodless battle for liberty of conscience, bloodless only so far as the new religion was concerned; for its disciples were destined to "fall by the sword, and by flame, and by captivity, and by spoil, many days." But "the blood of the martyrs was the seed of the church," and the more the religion of Jesus was perse-cuted the more its adherents multiplied, until religious liberty became the law of Rome. But the victory was short-lived. What fire and sword could not do in three centuries was done in much less time by human ambition. The church, no longer persecuted, presently became a persecutor; and once more life-blood was the price of soul liberty. But genuine Christianity was not dead; God had not left himself without witnesses for the truth; Wycliffe, Huss, Jerome and Luther called the church back to the true principles of liberty of conscience. Taught by Luther, or rather by the word' of God ministered by him, 