732 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. saying: "You could stop this revolution at once if you wanted to by taking drastic measures' against the leaders; shoot them on the ŁLuneta, or banish them, and the peoPle will believe you are in earnest in your efforts to stamp out revolt." This is ex-actly'what a Spanish-friar might be expected to say..  It was the tyranny and " drastic measures" of the friars that drove the Filipinos to war in the first place. .4 69 A CONVENTION is soon to meet in Cuba to adopt a constitution which will be the basis of government in -the island. We note on this point some interest-ings words in the Catholic Mirror of November Hi: " HAVANA, CUBA, October 31. -" There are indications of stormy times for the Cuban Constitutional Convention and its breaking up in a row is not an impossibility. It appears now that there will be at least three factions, and it is doubtful if either one will have a very strong working majority. The cause of the trouble and the danger of the failure of the convention lie in the fact that it has virtually become known that the ad-ministration is coaching a clique of delegates with the object of presenting the convention with a con-stitution carefully drafted in Washington. This was suspected from the, first. Whether or not the coterie with the intervening government back of it will be strong enough to carry its point and give Cuba an American-made constitution remains to be seen." There can, of course, never be real self-govern-ment under a constitution which the people have not thethselves made. THE following good reasons for keeping religion separate from politics were given in a sermon de-livered the Sunday before election by a Methodist Episcopal clergyman of Phcenix, Arizona: "We legislate as citizens, not as church members or Christians. Religious convictions may constitute the highest citizenship and the citizen may enter the field. But why not the Christian, as such, enter this field? Because it is _ opposed to the spirit of our institutions, which have been so delicately poised on the question of religion. "The church can not healthfully espouse any political method. First, because political methods are not first in importance, being rather resultant than causative. Second, because the church needs equal evangelical influence over men of all political creeds. It is the mission of the church to save all classes in all parties. " It is unwise.: for; a: church to take any political attitude that would produce a-mong9rganize.d classes any irritation against it.. There is but one step from hatred of a church to hatred of religion. "Whenever a religious organization voice's itself on the, political exigencies it goes,beyond itself and blunders. "The infection is abroad. These are times of. more or less ecclesiastical tinkering with politics. Many of our people are not drawing the line. -There are preachers and churches unconsciously in the double business of politics and religion. A ,non-sectarian state can not exist in harmony with apar-tisan state." The subject of " good citizenship " is making no small stir among religious people of all churches' in that Western city. ot THE past century of British domination in India has been marked by twenty-four famines. SUNDAY REST CONGRESS AT THE PARIS FAIR. From the New York Independent. ONE of the most significant facts of the time is the attention being given in Europe to the question of Sunday rest for employees. Three years ago an.  InternatiOnal Congress on the subject was held at Brussels, followed this year by another in connection with the Paris Exposition. The attention given to it by the Paris journals and the membership indicate the hold the, question has on the public mind. The presiding officer, Berenger, was a member of the French Senate and Institute, and among the dele-gates were representatives of various associations and industries, as well as of several of -the states of Europe. The discussions took up the various phases of the question in relation to manufactures, commerce,. transportation, public service; but the point that oc-cupied far more attention tharr any other in the con-gress was that of legislative intervention for the pro-tection of the Sunday rest. On the one hand,. delegates from Belgium, Germany, Austria, Great Britain, and Switzerland, where Sunday laws are now enforced to a greater or less extent, urged the justice and necessity of such intervention 'to protect the rights of the great majority in any brarich of business against the selfish competition 'of the few,. on the principle so generally accepted in this coun-try that the liberty of rest for each depends upon a 