THE ANIERICAN SENTINEL. 27 wants to rest ? Why, of course; but then, "what rights has my neighbor, that I am bound to re-spect? I'm in the majority." We don't wonder that men become infidels, when Doctors of Div-inity, who profess to be living exponents of Chris-tianity, show such an unrighteous disregard for the rights and feelings of others, The gospel which they teach is one which says, " Whatsoever ye would not that your neighbor should do to you, that do you to him if you feel like it and have the power." We are happy to inform our friends that Chris-tianity has nothing in common with such teach-ing. Christianity leads men to be considerate of others; and if a man is weak and in the minority, that is the very one whom true Christianity would seek out and protect. As we left the meet-ing, musing on the heartleSsness of the men who are clamoring for Sunday laws, we could think only of these words, "0 my soul, come not thou into their secret, unto their assembly; mine honor, be not thou united." E. J. W. Who is the Unfair One? THE Christian Statesman feels aggrieved at what it terms the SENTINEL'S unfair criticisms on National Reform work. In its issue of January 10, it arraigns us in several counts, only one of which we will notice now. It says:Š "The same disposition to impute evil motives appears in the criticisms in the last number of the SENTINEL, on the signatures to the petition for a National Sabbath law, as accumulated and displayed last month at the National Sabbath Convention in Washington. That petition was signed by some millions of citizens with their own hand, and was indorsed officially by the repre-sentatives of many millions more. The supreme judicatures of the churches, the national conven-tions of labor organizations, and other representa-tive bodies, directed their officers to sign it in behalf of their respective organizations. Cardi-nal Gibbons wrote a letter officially approving of the measure in behalf of the Roman Catholic Church. These facts were fully, frankly, publicly stated." Yes; and that was just the ground of our charge. We know that there was no attempt to make it appear that all the alleged petitioners had signed in person. What we found fault with was the "facts" which they so "fully, frankly, and publicly stated." Our accusation was, that their " facts" were not true, and we leave it to anyone who reads the article entitled Ł "That Wonderful Letter," which appears on another page of this issue, to judge if our accusation was not a just one. That letter shows upon the face of it that it was unofficial, and everybody ought to know, what intellegent Catholics freely state, that Cardinal Gibbons had no power to sign any petition in behalf of 7,200,00011Catholics. Yet the Christian Statesman repeats that statement, even while protesting against our charge. We do not accuse it of intentional deception; we sim-ply think it has a wonderful faculty for mis-apprehending facts. We don't like to speak of such things.. We wish the National Reform Sunday-law folks wouldn't do so. But since they do them, and seek to influence legislation by such frauds, we are compelled to mention them, not for the pur-pose of bringing odium on the individuals, but to show- how far from Christian the whole scheme is. If National Reformers use such methods to secure their ends, what may we expect when they once get their "Christian" Government fairly established? The United States Constitution. Is our national Constitution right as it is? or will it not be right until some Such amendment shall have been adopted as is now offered by Sen-ator Blair, and heartily supported by the National Reform Association and its allies? As the amendment is offered supposedly in the interests of Christianity, a Scriptural answer to these ques-tions ought to be not only acceptable but satis-factory. What then saith the Scripture? What are the words of Christ? We quote :Š " Then went the scribes and Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk. We know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth. T.11 us therefore, what thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness and said, Whose image and superscription is this ? They said unto him, Cmsar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Cusar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." In these words Christ has established a clear distinction between Caesar and God, that is, be-tween the civil and the religious powers, and be-tween what we owe to the civil power and what we owe to the religious power. That which is Cmesar's is to be rendered to Cmsar alone; that which is God's is to be rendered to God alone. To say that we are to render to Caesar that which is God's, or that we are to render to God by Cesar that which is God's, is to pervert the words of Christ, and make them meaningless. These words show, not only that there are things that pertain to Caesar alone, and things that pertain to God alone, but that it is our duty as servants of Christ to know what these things are, and in obedience fender to Cmusar that which is Caesar's, and to God that which is God's. As the term Csar refers to civil government, it is apparent that the duties which, we owe to Caesar are civil duties, while those we owe to God are wholly moral or religious duties. Webster defines religion as " the recognition of God as an object of worship, love, and obedience, " and an-other definition is, "a man's relation of faith and obedience to God." It is evident, therefore, that religion and religious duties pertain solely to God, and that which is God's is to be rendered to him, and not to Caesar; it follows inevitably that civil government can never of right have anything to do with religion, with a man's per-sonal relation of faith and obedience to God. In support of the doctrine that civil govern-ment has the right to act in things pertaining to God, the text of Scripture is quoted which says: "The powers that be are ordained of God." This passage is found in Rom.' 13: 1. The first nine verses of that chapter are devoted to the subject, showing that the powers that be are or-dained of God, and enjoining upon Christians, upon every soul, in fact, the duty of respectful sub-jection to civil government. By those who advOcate a religious amendment to the Constitution, it is argued that because the powers that be are ordained of God, they must hal,  something to do with men's relations to God. Is it a sound argument to say that because a thing is ordained of God, it is ordained to every pur-pose and work under the sun ? A minister of the gospel is ordained of God,Šbut for what? To preach the gospel, and not, as too many ministers nowadays seem to think, to. minister the law or politics. No minister of the gospel was ever or-dained as a minister of the law, either moral or civil; and when a minister enters on any such  work as that, he is doing a work that Christ never sent him to do. By reading the first nine verses of the thirteenth chapter of Romans, it will be seen that this scrip-ture is but an exposition of the words of Christ, "Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's." It is God's own commentary on those words ; and in them there is a recognition of the rightfulness of civil government; that it has claims upon us, and that it is our duty to recognize those claims. This scripture in Rom. 13, simply states the same thing in other words: "Let every soul be subject to the higher powers, for there is no power but of God; for the powers that be are or-dained of God." Again, the Saviour's words were called out by a question concerning tribute. They said to Him, "Is it lawful to pay tribute unto Caesar, or not?" Referring to the same thing, Rom. 13: 6 says: " For this cause pay ye tribute." In an-swer to the question of the Pharisees about the tribute, Christ said, "Render to Caesar the things which are Caesar's." Rom. 13 :7 says, " Render to all their dues; tribute to whom tribute is due." We repeat, therefore, that Rom. 13:9 is the Lord's own commentary upon the words of Christ in Matt. 22 : 17, 21. The passage in Romans refers first to civil government; the higher powers,Šnot the highest powers,Šthe powers that be. Next it speaks of rulers bearing the sword and attending upon mat-ters of tribute. Then he exhorts, to render tribute to whom tribute is due, and to owe no man anything, but to love one another ; for he that loveth an-other fulfilleth the law. Then he refers to the last five commandments, and says, "If there be any other commandment it is briefly compre-hended in this saying: "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." There are other command-ments of the same law to which Paul here refers, and he knew it. Why then did he say, " If there be any other commandment," etc. There was the first table of the law containing the command-ments, which say, "Thou shalt have no other Gods before me ;" " Thou shalt not make any graven image;" "Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain ; " "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," and the other com-mandment in which is comprehended all these, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength." Paul knew all of these commandments. Why, then, did he say, " If there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this saying : Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself'?" Answer: Be-cause he is writing upon the words of the Saviour, whlch relate to our duties to civil government. Our duties under civil government pertain solely to the government, and to our fellow-men; and the powers of - civil government pertain solely to men in their relations one to another, and to the State. But the Saviour's words in the same con-nection entirely separated that which pertains to God from that which pertains to civil govern-ment. The things which pertain to God are not to be rendered-to civil government,Što the powers that be; therefore it was that Paul, although knowing full well that there, were other com-mandments, said, "If there be any other com-mandment it is briefly- comprehended in this say-ing : Love thy -neighbor -,as thyself;" that is, if there be anrother,  commanclmel4iNliich comes into the relation.laetween man and govern- ment, it is comprehended- in this saying, That he 