330 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A Great Difference. BY C. H. K. THERE is a wide difference in the preaching of "one of the most influential and eloquent" ministers of apos-tolic times, and that of some "of the most influential and eloquent" ministers of this city at this present time. Samples of sermons that are preached nowadays are given us in the New York World, May 16, 1898, which sermons were delivered the day before. The burden of one of these "influential and eloquent" ministers was to set before his audience, and through them, before the Government of the United States, the course that this nation must follow since the "Philippines have fallen into our hands." One thing that is clear to his mind is that "we shall draw closer than ever before to our mother country." An Anglo-Saxon Alliance, to his mind, would mean peace. Thus he says, "Could the English-speaking peoples stand together, the destinies of the world would be in their hands. When England and America shall say together in the presence of any wrong, 'This must stop,' it will stop. Then from the soul of the English-speaking race which stands for peace will be heard, with the tone of an authority not likely to be slighted, the sacred words of our greatest soldier, 'Let us have peace."'' Another prominent minister preached in a similar strain, his subject being "The Anglo-Saxon Alliance." In such an alliance he.sawthe sure preservation of the whole world and a peace that could not be disturbed. Still another influential speaker took for his subjectŠnot Jesus, the crucifiedŠbut "Helen Gould, patriot." Among other things the speaker said, "I hail Miss Gould's gift as a sublime challenge to all our nation's wealthy families to go and do likewise, and thus to mollify the bitter and discontented feelings of the struggling masses." From the foregoing it appears that entangling alli-ances are the means by which the peace of the world is to be preserved, while the munificent gifts of money would "mollify the bitter and discontented feelings of the strug-gling masses." As reported in the papers there is absolutely nothing said of the gospel of Jesus Christ, through whom alone there can possibly be peace. In contrast with all this, we have the utterances of an "influential and eloquent" minister of apostolictimes, Šone who was called to "fully preach the Word of God," being "separated unto the gospel." He declared, "I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified." And to such an extent did he realize the importance of this work that he exclaims, "Woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel." Paul knew, and so taught, that the preaching of Christ, and its acceptance, was the only solution of every difficulty that could possibly arise. The truth is that this world, like an old sinking ship,  is doomedŠit is going down. And while statesmen and others are seeking to keep together its rotten timbers,. the ministers of the gospel should be lifting their voices with one accord, in the power of the Holy Spirit, inŁ urg-ing the people to get ready to take their departureŁ to the new and better worldŠthe "world to come." If it is seen by politicians and statesman to beŁ neces-sary that the nations should draw near to,  each other in the way suggested, let them attend toŁ that;: but let the preachers adhere to their high calling of persuading the people to draw nigh to God. This is the most important work; for if the people draw nigh to God there is no ques-tion but that they will draw nigh to each other. And this really is the only way in which this can be done. "Nor all is gold that glitters," and not all is patriot-ism that flaunts the American flag. The saloons are making about the most conspicuous flag display just now. THE following from the New York Jatimal, of the 17th inst., presents some questions worthy of serious consid- eration by those who hold to the idea that the war with Spain is a philanthropic one:Š "There is one question which Americans who are not strategists are asking themselves more seriously every day as this war goes on. It is this : What do we expect,  to accomplish by the blockade- of Cuba? "We know what we actually are accomplishing. We are killing off our friends, the reconcentrados, by hun-dreds if not thousands every twenty four hours. We are finishing Weyler's work with a thoroughness that must fill the butcher with ghoulish glee. But what end do we hope to achieve by inflicting all this misery? "It seems to be forgotten in some quarters that this is not an ordinary war. If we had begun to fight Spain on account of some injury to American citizens in Madrid, and if Cuba had been a loyal Spanish colony, there would have been nothing illogical in striking at Spain through the Cubans, either by blockade or in any other way. But Cuba is only nominally a Spanish colony, and as far as we are concerned she is not one at all. We have officially announced that the Cuban people are and of right ought to be free and independent. They are our friends and the enemies of Spain. Is it not a curious policy, then, to strike at Spain by starving the Cubans? "It has been demonstrated that as long as there is any food in Cuba the Spanish soldiers will not starve. Before they go hungry every Cuban within their lines will be dead. To bring about such a result will be to destroy such foreign confidence as now exists in our profession that we have undertaken this war from motives of hu-manity." • 1. Ł 4 4 THE timely suggestion is made by the Christian Citi-zen that as it is likely Spain will kill as many American men before the war is over as the nation can afford to spare, it would be well to take some measures to provide that no more of our boys be killed on the Fourth of July than is absolutely necessary to the proper celebration of the day. 