366 L61..N SEI,'IN 'I' 1N VOL. 10, No. 46 nezzar the king, and of his son, and of his son's son, was simply providential, and came from the people. Take, for example, Victoria, queen of Great Britain. How-did she receive her power ? Simply by the fact that she was the first in the line of succession when William the Fourth died. Through one line she traces her royal lineage to William the Conqueror. Bat who was William the Conqueror ? He was a Norman chief who led his forces into England in 1066, and established his power there. How did he become a chief of the Normans ? The Normans made him so, and in that line it is clear that the power of Queen Victoria sprang only from the people. Following the other line: The house that now rules Britain, represented in Victoria, is the house of Hanover. Hanover is a province of Germany. How came the house of Han-over to reign in England ? When Queen Anne died, the next in the line of succession was George of Hanover, who became king of Eng-land, under the title of George the First. How did he receive his princely dignity ? Through his lineage, from Henry the Lion, son of Henry the Proud, who received the duchy of Saxony from Frederick Barbarossa, in 1156. Henry the Lion, son of Henry the Proud, was a prince of the house of Guelph, of Swabia. The father of the house of Guelph was a prince of the house of the Allemanni, who invaded the Roman Empire and estab-lished their power in what is now Southern Germany, and were the origin of what is now the German nation and empire. But who made this man a prince ? The savage tribes of Germany. So in this line also the royal dignity of Queen Victoria sprang from the people. And besides all this, the imperial power of Queen Victoria as she now reigns is circum-scribedŠlimitedŠby the people. It has been related, and has appeared in print, that on one occasion, Gladstone, while prime minister and head of te House of Commons, took a certain paper to the queen to be signed. She did not exactly approve of it, and said she would not sign it. Gladstone spoke of the merit of the act, but the queen still declared she would not sign it. Gladstone replied, " Your Maj-esty must sign it." "Must sign!" exclaimed the queen; "must sign! Do you know who I am ? I am the queen of England." Glad-stone calmly replied, " Yes, Your Majesty, but I am the PEOPLE of England; " and she had to sign it. The people of England can command the queen of England; the power of the people of England is above that of the queen of Eng-land. She, as queen, is simply the represent-ative of their power. And if the people of England should choose to dispense with their expensive luxury of royalty, and turn their form of government into that of a republic, it would be but the legitimate exercise of their right; and the government thus formed, the power thus established, would be ordained of God as much as that which now is, or as any could be. Personal sovereigns in themselves are not those referred to in the words, ",The powers that be are ordained of God." It is the gov-ernmental power, of which the sovereign is the representative, and that sovereign receives his power from the people. Outside of the the-ocracy of Israel, there never has been a ruler on earth whose authority was not, primarily or ultimately, expressly or permissively, de-rived from the people. It is not particular sovereigns whose power is ordained of God, nor any particular form of government. It is the genius of government itself. The absence of government is anarchy. Anarchy is only governmental confusion. But says the Scrip- ture, " God is not the author of confusion." God is the God of order. He has ordained order, and he has put within man himself that idea of government, of self-protection, which is the first law of nature, and which organizes itself into forms of one kind or an-other, wherever men dwell on the face of the earth. And it is for men themselves to say what shall be the form of government under which they shall dwell. One people has one form; another has another. The genius of civil order springs from God; its exercise within its legitimate sphere is or-dained of God; and the Declaration of Inde-pendence simply asserted the eternal truth of God when it said, governments derive " their just powers from the consent of the governed." It matters not whether they be exercised in one form of government or in another, the governmental power and order thus exercised are ordained of God. If the people choose to change their form of government, it is still the same power; it is to be respected still, because it is still ordained of God in its legitimate ex-ercise,Šin things pertaining to men and their relation to their fellowmen; but no power, whether exercised through one form or another, is ordained of God to act in things pertaining to God; nor has it anything what-ever to do with man's relations toward God. Ł Except in the nation of Israel, it is not, and never has been, personal sovereigns in themselves that have been referred to in the statement that " the powers that be are or-dained of God." It is not the persons that be in power, but the powers that be in the person, that are ordained of God. The in-quiry of Rom. 13: 3 is not, Wilt thou then be afraid of the person ? but it is, " Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power?" It is not the person, therefore, but the power that is represented in the person, that is under con-sideration here. And that person, derives his power from the people, as is clearly proved by the scriptural examples and references given. "To the people we come sooner or later; it is upon their wisdom and self-restraint that the most cunningly devised scheme of govern-ment will in the last resort depend."* THROUGH A FIERY ORDEAL. [Republican, Dayton, Tenn., Nov. 8.] TUESDAY the remaining eases against the Seventh-day Adventists were quickly disposed of, and for the first time in twelve months this religious sect in Rhea County can enjoy the sweets of perfect religions and civil liberty. These people have gone through a fiery ordeal. They have, many of them, literally been imprisoned and made bond-slaves to the State for opinion's sake. But through it all they have maintained an even-ness of faith and a serenity of temper that has challenged and won for them the admiration and respect of all classes of people. At this time we do not intend to point a moral or preach a homily on the evil affects of religious prose-cution. We believe, however, that the peo-ple of Rhea County have received a great light on the question. Certainly a liberal sentiment has been awakened on behalf of religious free-dom; and we hope and believe that never again will the Adventists of Rhea County be disturbed in their inalienable right to worship God according to the dictates of conscience. All methods of honest worship are acceptible to God, so long as they do not conflict with His spiritual and moral laws. Conscientious differences of opinion on how to attain heaven should not set men to fighting one another. * Bryce, American Commonwealth, chap. 24, last sentence. SPEECH OF JUDGE LEWIS SHEPHERD AT THE ADVENTIST TRIALS IN DAYTON. TENN. THE subject covered in this indictment is one of great importance to the people of this community. Inasmuch as the Attorney-General said seri-ously that he was going to insist upon convic-tion— and chose to treat the matter seriously, I must beg the indulgence of the honorable court and the gentlemen of the jury to offer a few remarks. Now, may it please your honor, Mr. Snod-grass and myself have volunteered our services to assist the defendent in his defense before the court and the jury of the county, on the grounds that we believe that he is not guilty; he has violated no law, and that he ought not to be subject to any of the penalties. The law provides that should a man pursue any of the ordinary vocations of life on Sun-day, erroneously called " Sabbath," he can be proceeded against, before a justice of the peace, and the fine be covered by three dollars, I believe. That particular act set forth by the statute does not constitute an indictable offense; though if these offenses are continuŠous in their nature, and so conducted as to become a common nuisance to all, they may be indicted upon common law principles; but there is no statutory law involved in the case. Now in this particular case there is a gen-tleman who followed' the vocation of a student. ('Tis a pity that Mr. Flitcher did not follow the vocation of a student in that college, and spell the words better than they are spelled in this indictment. Now he ought to quit his vocation of attorney-general, and go to some Adventist school and learn how to spell.) Now, may it please your honor and the gentleman of the jury, the act which is sought to be converted into an act of public nuisance, is not an act of publicity, but of charity. How do we know the circumstances around that house where he was nailing on those boards ? There might have been circum-stances that demanded this labor, the neglect of which would have endangered the health of his family. It is sufficient to state, and this honorable court will charge you, that works of necessity are of course excluded. Now, gentlemen, I did not know that a religious question was involved in this case until I heard Mr. Snodgrass; he is quite well posted, as he quotes quite fluently. Reason-ing from the proof, one would not know that sort of a question was in this case at all. But as a matter of public concern, that is just what it is. These people worked on Sunday because they conscientiously believe it is right to so do. Yet it is a matter of such notoriety and concern that we take judicial note of it. I have been a student of the Scriptures of the Almigty ever since my early infancy. We have heard it every day and Sunday too. Before we retired to our beds at night we read a chapter in the Bible. And Sunday after Sunday, from the time we came into this world, we have gone out to the house of God and heard some minister preach, taking the Bible as the light of the world. And we know one thing, that the Almighty estab-lished one thing in this world, and that is our Sabbath. Man has no power to establish any thing of that sort, but God has. And the record that we have in the Scriptures is that God made the world in six days, and when it came to the seventh day, it is said that God looked out on this beautiful world that he had made and he saw that it was good. Then he rested from all his works. And God said that six days of the week thou shalt work and 