 268 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      the way I have looked at it, mama. Ever since we have been studying the principles of civil and religious liberty, a few of us boys have been spending our recess hour in talking things over. In fact we have organized a reli-gious liberty circle, and have been reading the best au= thorities we could find on this question. And, mama, history furnishes plenty of examples of what this kind of interference leads to. Of course, mama, I do not think that the United States would ever be guilty of swaying back to the methods of the Dark Ages; but it is just as well to keep the camel's head out of the tent. Straws show which way the wind blows, and it does seem as one thinks on the demand for religious legislation, that it is time to begin to inquire what it all means. Some one has said, 'Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.'" "Yes, Charlie. But I am interested to know just how you met the demand, and how your refusal to salute was received." "Why, mama, when the rest arose, we simply kept our seats. The superintendent asked us why we did not obey his request, and one after another we arose and gave our reasons." "What did he say, Charlie?" "0, at first he rather ridiculed us, and said that no doubt we were the people, and wisdom would die with us. He used many of the arguments that have met dissenters in all ages, and said it was a strange thing for a few puny boys to set up their judgment against the judgment of authority and wisdom. He intimated that we were trait-ors, and of the stuff that anarchists are made of. "At this Richard Flanders rose up and asked respect-fully if the flag were not an emblem of liberty. "The superintendent had to acknowledge that it was. "Richard then said, 'Very well; in refusing to surren-der that of which the flag was an emblem, we did it the truest honor. He said true patriotism did not consist in a sentimental regard for the flag, but in standing stiffly for what the flag represents. He added that the past had proved that those who did this were its best friends, and the future might have occasion to find out the same fact. As an emblem of liberty long may it wave."' "Why, that was quite eloquent." "Yes; and we all rose and bowed our heads." "The superintendent saw that he was in some embar-rassment, and the students began to prick up their ears. I felt that I must say a few words, and so arose and told them what I thought it meant to give our hearts to God. It meant to obey him, to keep his law, even if the law of the State forbade, to walk in the footsteps of Christ who said to render unto Caesar the things that are Caesars, and unto God the things that are God's. As it was not Caesar's right to demand that I should give my heart to God, I would not render any concession to 'this unwar-ranted demand. To my country I would render only that which my country had a right to demand. As an emblem of liberty civil and religious, the flag should have my profound respect. Then, mama, something came over me, and I felt my face grow white. I said, This is our flag's glory; but it seems to me that there are many who, Judas-like, are seeking to betray it with a kiss. Once let the so-called friends of the flag make it an emblem of despotism, and its glory is departed. "I believe, mama, if the superintendent had not frowned as he did, that the pupils would have applauded. "During noon hour, we had quite an exciting time, and most of us boys made stump speeches for the glory of 'Old Glory.' "Our teacher is a strong Christian Endeavorer, and in the afternoon she had one of her comrades there to speak to us. You know, mama, how strong the Christian Endeavor movement has become. Why, I was reading only yesterday that in Great Britain last year, the mem-bership increased 250,000. It numbers about 5,000,000, I think. It is made up, as you know, from young people, and they are fired with enthusiasm." "Yes, dear, I know. No doubt they have done and will do a great deal of good. They certainly will if their zeal is according to wisdom." "But, mama, they are in danger of being switched off from Christian Endeavor work to something that re-sembles the satanic endeavor that we have seen marked out in the history of nations that have compelled con-science, and turned men into hypocrites and knaves." "What do you mean by that, Charlie?" "I mean that they have allied themselves together for the enforcement of religion. They are talking of 'Chris-tian Citizenship,' and holding out the idea that Christ's cause needs the support of State law." "Is it so?" asked Mrs. Ross. "Yes, it is. The young Endeavorer to-day told of conventions numbering thousands where this theme was the topic of consideration. Of course, mama, it sounds very grand to hear them talk of capturing the world for Christ, of going up in a body, like a company of soldiers, to subject the world to Jesus as King. But it is the method of doing the business that I object to; for the result will be nothing but a sham, and will leave the world worse than before. The old crusade spirit seems to be in the movement. They do not stop to consider that Christ said, 'My kingdom is not of this world,' and that his method for converting the world was by preaching the gospel, and not by appealing to law." "Yes, Charlie; no Christian has a citizenship in this world. Our citizenship is in heaven." "But the worst of it is that these ideas are being brought right into the school. They want us to pledge ourselves to vote for 'Christian Citizenship;' and one thing this means is to vote for Sunday laws. "Now you know, mama, that I'm a temperance boy, and will vote prohibition if I ever vote at all, because li-quor drinking is a menace to men's lives, and liberties; but to enforce Sunday laws would be to take away men's right to worship or not worship God according to the dictates of their consciences. No one has a right to en-force Sunday laws, Of course I have lately begun to ob-serve the Bible SabbathŠthe seventh dayŠand do not 