AMERICAN SENTINEL. 601 Caesar and Christ. TUNE.Š"Suwannee River.- 0 BROTHERS, have you heard the story Of long ago, How Christ, the blessed King of Glory Men sought to overthrow? How Scribes and Pharisees in envy Asked him one day, "Pray, tell us, Master, unto Cmsar Shall we our tribute pay?" 1st and 2nd Chorus: "Is it lawful unto Cmsar To pay tribute due? O Christ, thou mighty Son of David, Answer and tell us true. "We know thou teachest man in wisdom,Š Teach us, we pray; 0 shall we cease to render tribute? Or shall we tribute pay? Come, tell us, that the world may hear itŠ Gentile and JewŠ While Scribes and Pharisees are waiting, Answer and tell ut true." And then the blessed Master answered : "Why tempt ye me? Haste ye and bring me forth a penny, That I may quickly see. Whose image and whose superscription?" "Cmsar's," say they; "Then unto Cmsar, now and ever, Thou shalt his tribute pay." 3rd Chorus: Render that which unto Cmsar Doth belong alone; Give unto earthly kings their tribute, And unto God his own. Strange, strange that men forget this lesson, So just and right; Why seek to join Christ's hand with Cmsar's? Why Church and State unite? Why seek to form a hateful union 'Tween Church and State? Let's build a mighty wall and keep them Forever separate. 4th Chorus: Still adown the weary ages, Hear the answer true : "Render thy tribute unto Cmsar, And unto God his due." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. "IT is said that Admiral Dewey spent part of the night before the battle of Manilla in prayer and Bible reading," says the Christian Endeavor World. The idea seems to be growing that prayer and other religious exercises are a fitting preparation on the part of a military commander for a coming battle. That is the  way it was back in the days of the Roman emperor Constantine. But his religious devotions did not conse-crate his slaughter of his enemies; and it is equally im-possible to make the slaughter and ruin of war any more Christianlike by similar means to-day. Spain and Her Methods.ŠNo. 4. BY MRS. FLORENCE A. BARNES, M. D. IT was Pizarro's intention on his second voyage to steer for Timbez, where he had found such treasures at the first, but head winds baffled him so that he made his first landing at St. Matthew's bay. He then traveled along the coast to the Indian village in the province of Coaque, falling on the natives sword in hand. They fled in terror, and rushing into their deserted homes, the Spanish appropriated everything,Šfood, gold and silver ornaments, precious stones, all. Of everything found, the fifth part was preserved for the crown, and the remainder distributed in due propor-tions among the officers and privates of the company. They pursued such a course wherever practicable; but often they resorted to diplomacy. At last he turned toward the interior, having heard of the war between the two brothers, and probably hoping to be the gainer thereby. The rightful heir to the throne was at that time confined in prison by the brother at Atahualpa. Atah-ualpa, with all his army, was encamped in the valley of Caxamalca, among the heights of the Corderillas. Toward the valley Pizarro marched, feeding his troops from the magazines of the one he intended to subdue. This was really through the natural courtesy of Atahualpa; for he was aware of the whole march of Pizarro, and yet made no attempt to withhold provision or store from him. Pizarro sent him a message, saying he was coming as a friend from a brother king as great as he, thus deceiving him. At last the valley was reached. Looking down from a mountain height, they viewed the encampment of the Incas, covering miles of the valley. So large an army would have wrought dismay to any heart but PizarŁro's. With less than two hundred men to meet that host he was undaunted. He formed his men in three parts, and advanced down the slope to an Indian village, which he found deserted. Entering, they proceeded to make them-selves at home. He sent an embassy at once to the Inca. With great show and parade they obtained an audience, in which they informed him they had come hither to offer their services to him, of whose great victories they had heard, and to impart to him the doctrines of a true faith, and asked that he would visit them in their present quarters. Obtaining his promise to do so, they returned; but first giving a display of horsemanship, which, as the natives had no horses, doubtless had an effect. When night was come, Pizarro summoned a council 