428 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Thel3Oxers and Other Chinese Secret Societies. (By 1VIargherita Arliha Hamm, in New York Independent.) A Chinese riot belongs to the same class of social phenomena as a South or Central American revolu-tion. The chief difference is that it is usually carried on against a local official or administration, and very rarely against a higher authority. Riots against pro-vincial governments occur about once in twenty-five years, while a widely extended riot directed against the central government does not take place more than once in a century. * * * It must be remembered that China is not uniform in its population, language and customs. The Chinese from one vast body, and the Manchus, who constitute the ruling classes, are different in every respect. Two centuries and a half have not yet brought about a coa-lescence of the two nationalities. In his heart the Chinaman proper detests the Manchu, and regards him as a usurper and tyrant. The expression Fan Kwi, or foreign devil, is applied by the conquered race much more frequently to the Manchu than to the European. In fact, its application to the latter enables patriotic Chinamen to express revolutionary senti-ments with comparative impunity. After the Manchurian conquest the conquered pop-ulation formed by degrees a great secret society, look-ing forward to the expulsion of their conquerors and the reinstatement of the Mings upon the imperial throne. With characteristic cunning the leaders of the movement disguised their organization as a re-ligious body, and gave it the title of Wan-Kiang, or the Incense-Burners, the burning of incense at that time as to-day being a religious ceremony of universal use. The Wan-Kiang organized and conducted so many riots in the last century that it was finally prohibited by law. The first edict proving ineffective, subsequent and severer ones were passed under which many terrible prosecutions were conducted by the magistrates. The result was that the Wan-Kiang vanished. Its five grand lodges disappeared, and its very name passed away before the end of the century. But there sud-denly sprang up a new organization, known as the Pih-Lien-Kiao, or Water Lily Society. Like its pre-decessor it had five grand lodges, and a ritual so closely resembling that of the first that many who know the Chinese character feel justified in calling it the same body under another name. This society ran into the present century, and was likewise prohibited by the Council of State. Similar prosecutions were conducted by the magistrates until one fine day the Water Lilies vanished. Around 1820-1821 a new society organized exactly as the Water Lily appeared in the Empire. This was the famous Triad Society, known in the northern prov- inces as the Tien-Ti Hwui, in the Middle Provinces as San-Hoh-Hwui, and in the Southern Provinces as Sam-Hop Wui. This is the powerful body whose members, under the name of the Hung League, were the chief actors in the terrible Taiping rebellion, which raged from 1850-1851 to 1865, a rebellion in which anywhere from twenty to thirty millions of human be-ings were caused to perish. The crushing of the rebel-lion and the terrible punishment meted out to the rebel survivors kept the Triad for a long time in the back-ground. Not until the seventies did it make any ap-preciable appearance, and even then it was under many other names besides the one notorious in the ears of the magistrates. In Fuhkien, a rebellious province, it took the name of Ghee-Hin ; in northern Kwang Tung of Ghi-Hing; in southern Kwang Tung, in Hunan, Hupeh and Honan of Ko-Lo-Wui or Ko-Lao-Hwui. In the eighties it began to instigate riots in China, and incidentally to use Hong Kong as a base of sup-plies. The Peking authorities complained to the Brit-ish Minister, and the result was the passage of statutes compelling the registration of all Chinese secret so-cieties in the Far Eastern colonies of Great Britain, and finally the prohibition of the Triad. As might be expected, the prohibition had merely a nominal effect. In 1888, just prior to the prohibition, the number of members of Chinese secret societies, including those of the Triad, in Hong Kong, Singa-pore and Penang was about equal to the male Chinese population of those three cities, while in 1893, with no Triad society appearing upon the registers, the regis-tration had kept pace with the population, which was thirty per cent, larger than it had been six years be-fore. Between 1891 and the breaking out of the Chi-nese-Japanese war the Ko-Lo-Wui instigated many riots, more especially in the central and southern prov-inces. A careful examination of their work showed that they were organized the same as the Triads and the Water Lilies, the only difference being in the no-menclature. Thus the Triad had five grand lodgesŠviz., Kwang Tung and Kwang Si, Fuhkien, Hupeh and Hunan, Yunnan and Sz'chuen, and Cheh Kiang, Kiang Su and Kiang Si. The five grand lodges cov-ered, therefore, ten of the more important provinces of the Empire. The Ko-Lo-Wui had, and is said to have, five grand lodgesŠviz., Kwang Si and Kwang Tung, Hunan and Hupeh, Sz'chuen and Yunnan, Kiang Su, Kiang Si and Cheh Kiang, and Anhui and Honan, or eleven provinces. The differences are very significant to any one familiar to Chinese political life. The appearance of Anhui and Honan means that the districts controlled by the so-called literati have joined forces with the older revolutionaries, while the elision of Fuhkien simply means that it has joined the grand lodge of Kwang Si and Kwang Tung. 