..... ................ Equal and &xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or 6Per8ua5ion, Jleligious or Political,ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JANUARY 14, 1892. NUMBER 2. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKnE. HE is wise who never attempts to sun-der those things which God hath joined, nor to join those things which God hath put asunder; and he who has this wisdom is he who has been taught of God. IT is not man's physical, but his spirit-ual needs that are to be held in view in the Sabbath commandment. The Sabbath is intended to be a day in which to wor-ship GodŠa day of holy remembrance of him and of meditation upon his works. The day is to be kept holy. If it is not kept holy, it is not kept at all. When the State undertakes to demand the observ-ance of the Sabbath, or Lord's day, it de-mands of men that whiCh does not belong to it, but which belongs only to God. When the State undertakes to secure the observance of the Sabbath, it undertakes that which, to it, is an impossible task, because holiness is not an attribute of civil government, nor has it even the power or the authority to promote holi- ness. .4-.  THE importance to the American citizen at' this time, of definite and correct con-ceptions of the distinct and separate spheres of civil law and ecclesiastical pol-ity can not be over estimated. And yet, never in the political and religious history 'of this country has there been a time when such powerful agencies have been so act-ively engaged in propagating deceptive and erroneous theories upon this question as at the present hour. The weight of the entire body of human precedent is used, and relied upon, to support not only  the propriety but the duty of enforcing religious moralities by legal suasion. This reliance upon precedent has become es-tablished until it is no less an idolatry, in fact, than the ancestor worship of China. The truth is, that the whole assumption upon which they proceed, who are now advocating legal interference, national, State, and municipal, in religious and moral questions, is established upon a purely human basis of blind adherence to the dictum of human authority, without, in any way, subjecting it to test in the crucible of principle. Unalloyed civil freedom in religious affairs is an achievement of religion pure and undefiled, which the unregenerate heart is unable to comprehend. Correct conceptions upon these questions, in their entirety can only come with a regenerate heart. It is not easy then to over estimate the value of proper views upon a problem in the true solution of which lies the se-cret of the truth of God ; while the ac-ceptance of error, in its solution, develops the mystery of iniquity. Sunday Law Interest in the Masses and the Workingmen. THE American Sabbath Union exists for no other purpose than to secure the enact-ment and the enforcement of Sunday laws. This too is solely in the interests of wor-ship, religion and the Church. This is the only method which it employs or knows for the advancement of religion, or for the better observance of Sunday and the forms of worship that belong with it. This is well set forth in their own words, in an editorial in one of their own official organs. The Michigan Sabbath Watchman is " A monthly publication in the interest of the work of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, by Rev. Francis W. Ware," and in this paper for October, 1891, an editorial runs as follows :Š In sustaining the American Sabbath Union the churches are preparing the way of the churches and making their paths straight. Close out the Sabbath  saloons, and make it impossible to run the theatres, shut up the cigar stands, ice cream saloons, and soda water fountains, and prevent baseball playing, put an end to railroad and other Sabbath excur-sions, and the masses will the more easily be turned to the house of God. Break down these sacrilegious but fascinating amusements, and the Church will have the right of way to our masses. This is pretty strong, but in the same paper this zealous editor goes still further in calling for contributions in support of the work of the Union, under the heading " A Good Investment for the Churches," he lays out their designs in the following explicit style :Š If the churches of this State were to contribute $10, 000 this year to assist the American Sabbath Union to push its work, they would in our judg-ment make for themselves the finest possible invest-ment. Money so invested would soon return to them with fine rates of interest. The money now spent in Sabbath desecration by those who are in large sympathy with the churches, but who are led off to the parks, on excursions, and to other places where money is spent freely, by the enchantments of music and scenery, and persons, would, if our Sunday laws were enforced, return to the churches and contribute to their support, and would find it much cheaper to do so than it now is to support the places and institutions they now do. The churches ought to sustain very liberally the Union out of self-defense and they will doubtless do it. This shows just what the " civil " Sab-bath plea of the American Sabbath Union amounts to; and it also shows just what kind of an interest this organization has in the " poor enslaved workingman." Their interest in the workingman is simply " fine rates of interest " on the money which they invest in securing and enforcing " our Sunday laws." Their advocacy of the rights of the " toil-ing masses " is simply the advocacy of the " right of way " of the churches to these same " masses " that " the masses may the more easily be turned to the " houses of the churches, and spend their money there instead of where they now do. And further, in their tender " interest " for the workingmen, they have found that it will be " much cheaper " for them to sup-port the churches " than it now is to sup-port the places and institutions they now do." What verdant and gullible creatures 