114 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. late only to man's duty to God, but the last six present his duty to his fellow-men. With man's duty to God no man has any right to interfere, but Governments exist for the sole purpose of preserving the proper relation of citizens to one another. Second, legislation concerning killing and stealing and bearing false witness is not legislation upon the sixth, eighth, and ninth com-mandments, and does not derive its authority from those commandments.  The Government punishes the murderer, not because the com-mandment says it is wrong to kill, but because the murderer interferes with the right to life and liberty which the Government grants to all citi-zens. This is shown further by the fact that, when the Government punishes the murderer, it does not execute one particle of the penalty for breaking the sixth commandment. The punish-ment which civil government metes out to the murderer does not make his guilt any the less, or leave him any the less to answer for before the bar of God. It is simply a pledge on the part of the Government that the people shall be protected in future from his lawlessness. We might call attention, while passing, to the fact that Sunday legislation has nothing what-ever to do with the fourth commandment, even though it were proper and possible for Govern-ment to legislate concerning the decalogue. A man will search in vain for any reference to Sunday in the fourth commandment. A law in accordance with the divine law of the fourth commandment, such as Mr. Johnston wants, would enforce the observance of the seventh day, or Saturday ; but, although this day is enjoined by the commandment, civil government has no right to enforce its observance. Our correspondent says that " a mule team can make a thousand miles' journey at the rate of six days per week, and come out at the end in less time and in better condition than when worked seven days per week." We do not question that at all, but we claim that it affords no reason for Sunday legislation. Granting that man and beast could do more work if they rest one day in seven, what is there in that to indicate that that day should be Sunday? and what right has the Gov-ernment to specify on which day they shall take their needed rest? We are not, as he imagines, "kicking against a rest-day." We not only be-lieve in the right of every man to rest one day in seven if he chooses to, but we also believe that it is the duty of every man to rest one day in seven, even on the day which the fourth com-inandment enjoins; but we do not recognize the right of Government to say that a man shall do his duty in regard to the fourth commandment, any more than it may compel him to obey the first, and worship God. Then again there is a difference of opinion among men as to what day is enjoined by the fourth commandment; and Government has no more right to decide the question between them than it has to interfere with men's honest dif-ference concerning the age of the earth or the mode of baptism. Every man has reason, and one man cannot think for another, neither can the Government take it upon itself to do the thinking for all its citizens. In line with the statement that " mules will do more work if allowed to rest one day in seven," is the statement that " a rest-day of one in seven is inwrought in the nature of things;" but that does not prove that the Government should com-pel men to comply with that law, neither does it  indicate upon what day that periodical rest should be taken. If we are to fall back upon the law of nature, then we must let nature exe-cute her own laws, or else we must legislate upon everything which the laws of nature demand. We will take a parallel and see how it works. The necessity for bodily rest is inwrought in the very nature of man, and not only so, but nature has indicated when that rest should be taken, by making a regularly recurring period of dark-ness, in which sleep is natural, and work is most difficult. Now, if the State may legislate con-cerning a weekly rest, surely there is more reason why it should legislate concerning a daily rest, because the daily- rest is more necessary to one's physical well-being than is the weekly rest, and nature indicates when the daily rest should be taken, but indicates nothing concerning the time of the weekly rest. If the State may say that all men must rest upon Sunday because it is good to rest one day in seven, then it may likewise say that all men must take eight hours' sleep every night. And just as the State makes no difference even though a man may have rested one day in the week and is not tired when Sunday comes, so it must make no difference even though a man is not tired when the regularly appointed hour for retiring comes. Sunday-law makers say that those who observe another day than Sunday are a very small minority, and that they must submit even though they are inconvenienced and obliged to lose more time than others. They say that the liberty of rest for one depends upon the law of rest for all. Now we will apply that argument in another case. The State, as we have seen, is under greater obligation to compel people to rest every day than to rest once a week, but when it comes to enforcing this law, it finds some men who are employed upon a morning newspaper, and who are obliged to work in the night and to take their needed rest in the day-time. These would natu-rally protest against a law compelling everybody to go to bed at nine o'clock and stay there till five in the morning; but the advocates of the law may claim that the liberty of rest for each depends upon the law of rest for all, and that no discrimination can be made. The number of those who work upon morning newspapers is only a small proportion of the number of inhabitants of the country, and the convenience of the ma-jority must be considered. We think that any-one can see the injustice of titis, and we know that the only reason why they cannot see the gross injustice of the same argument concerning Sunday is because of prejudice and religious big-otry. Later on in his letter, our friend tells about people who have been "downed" in trying to reverse the nature of things; but, as we have shown, we are not trying to reverse the nature of things. We are not protesting against a weekly rest-day. All that we protest against is the as-sumption that, because some men want to take their rest on Sunday, everybody else must be compelled to do. likewise. This is not in the nature of things only as it is man's nature to be selfish; and against such unreasonable selfishness as that everybody ought to protest. It is neither civil nor religious. E. J. w. THE Sunday bill which Senator Tillman in-troduced into the Arkansas Legislature, and pushed through the Senate, failed to pass the House. So the people will have rest for a season.  "Principles of the Christian Religion" According to the National . Reformers. WHEN the Blair Amendment was introduced into the Congress of the United States, the Na-tional Reformers said it was just the thing they wanted, just what they had been working for for years ; that they would " begin without delay the circulation of petitions (to be furnished in proper form by the association), and let an opportunity be given, in all parts of the country, to make up a roll of petitions so great that it would require a procession of wheelbarrows to trundle the mighty mass into the presence of the representatives of the Nation, into the House of Congress." The questions naturally arise to an observer: Why has the National Reform Association always been so persistent in pushing such movements ? Why do they so much want the Blair Amend-ment to pass? What part of it is it they so very much favor? is it the educational part, or some other part ? These questions are all answered, to my mind, by J. C. K. Milligan in the Christian Statesman of July 26, 1888. He says : " True, the pending amendment has its chief value in one phrase, 'the Christian religion.'" Mr. Milligan says that because it will enforce the teaching of the Christian religion, that makes it truly valuable. Then of course without that it has no true value. Now can you answer the question, " Why do they so much want the amend-ment passed?" What does it mean if the proposed amendment should be adopted ? It simply means that a set of rules will have to be culled out, by somebody, and called the "principles of the Christian relig-ion." In other words, the principles of the Chris-tian religion will have to be defined. I could teach the principles of Ingersoll as the principles of the Christian religion, and the law could not stop me, if it did not define the principles of the Christian religion. Some think this kind of reasoning is carrying the matter a point too far, for they say, "Every-one knows what the principles of the Christian religion are." I doubt the statement very much; but to save argument we simply submit the words of the father of the bill. Senator Blair says: "I believe that -a text-book of instruction in the prin-ciples of virtue, morality, and of the Christian religion, can be prepared for use in the public schools by a joint effort of those who represent every branch of the Christian church, both Prot-estant and Catholic, and also those who are not actively associated with either." This he said in a letter -to the secretary of the National Reform Association. Now if a text-book is to be made, I should like to ask, Will not those things which are to be put into the text-book have to be de-fined before they go into the book, or will the amendinentists accept anything, whatever it may be, as the principles of the Christian religion? To ask such a question is to answer it. And since they will have to be defined, how will it be done ?Š" By a joint effort of those who represent every branch of the Christian church, both Prot-estant and Catholic, and also those who are not actively associated with either." It will be quite a mongrel will it not? But since National Reformers are the ones who work up sentiment, and try to get such laws passed, they, of course, will be represented as fully as any other body of the Christian church 