AMERICAN SENTINEL. 227 way bring this about. By leading men in the other party this was denounced as revolutionary and anar-chistic. But how can it be any more revolutionary or anar-chistic for the people generally to present arguments and persuasions to induce a Supreme Court Justice to change his mind than it is for some lawyers to do it? Is it abso-lutely conservative and legal for a number of lawyers to do it, while revolutionary and anarchistic for the peo-ple to do it? And if these lawyers shall succeed in getting one of the justices to change his mind, and so reverse the other decision and commit the United States Government to a directly opposite course from that to which the decision already rendered commits it; and if such a thing is to be accepted by the country as strictly proper, legal, gov-ernmental, and conservative ;Šwherein, then, was there anything else involved in the course of those who last year proposed to have a decision of the Supreme Court reversed and the Government committed to an opposite course with respect to the question of an income tax? We call attention to this matter now solely to em-phasize the point that as a matter of fact, in the practi-cal workings of things, the position which the SENTINEL holds, and has always held, is recognized : that is, that a decision of the Supreme Court is always subject to re-versal; and that there is nothing revolutionary or an-archistic in endeavoring to secure a reversal of a Supreme Court decision. And our contention is, further, that the people of the United States have just as much right to discuss any of these questions and to secure a reversal of a Supreme Court decision as any set of lawyers have. It is no more just to charge as revolutionary and anarchistic any of the people who try to do this, than it would be to charge the lawyers now employed in this railroad case with rev-olution and anarchy in their " hope that some one of the justices may change his view." The people of the United States, on their own part, in their own behalf, are just as much concerned in the principles of the Government of the United States as the lawyers are; and they have all the rights that the law-yers have; for who are the lawyers but some of the people? And cannot a lawyer, as one of the people, in a political Campaign endeavor to get the Supreme Court to change its mind and reverse a decision, with just as much right as he can as a lawyer in the Chamber of the Supreme Court endeavor to get the Court to change its mind and reverse its decision? The sum of the whole matter is, that the American principleŠthe principle held by Jefferson, Jackson, and Lincoln, the principle always advocated by the AMERICAN SENTINELŠthat the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States are subject to review and discussion and reversal if possible, by the people of the United States, is absolutely sound, and is vital to government of the people, by the people, and for the people. A Doleful " Gospel." IN the endeavor to establish "civic righteousness," upon which the religious effort of this day seems to be centering, the Church has addressed herself to a doleful task. It is a doleful "gospel" which she is obliged to preach as its accompaniment. For example, there appears in the Christian States-man each week a column on "Christian Endeavor in Christian Citizenship," conducted by Rev. Chas. Roads, of Philadelphia. This column is filled with accounts of the corruption that exists in certain classes of society and in the sphere of municipal government, and which must be remedied by "Christian Citizenship" methods. In the Statesman of April 3, Mr. Roads dwells upon the evidence of this corruption which was afforded at the granting of licences for saloons by the license court. The plane of morality upon which the judges of the court stood was sadly low. They were "familiar with the slang of the bar-room," and used it for the amusement of the audience. They granted licenses to saloon pro-prietors in the face of "most damaging evidence" of their bad character, given by himself and the secretary of the Law and Order League. They condoned flagrant violations of the license law because they were committed on "election night," or "football night," etc. Previous articles by the same writer have described the flagrant criminality which could be seen on the streets after dark in the neighborhood of saloons and elsewhere, and which the police knew all about, but seemingly made no effort to suppress. This is the familiar story which one reads to-day in "Christian Citizenship" literature, or hears from the pulpit of the would-be reformer, in our large cities. There is corruption everywhere, and plenty of evidence of the same which forces itself upon the attention of even the casual observer. Our great cities are "run" by cor-rupt "rings" or political organizations or political " bosses." New York City,for example, is largely subject to the unrighteous sway of " Tammany Hall; " and both city and State are, in matters of general government, under the Philistinic dominance of "boss Platt." In other cities and States the situation is much the same. And all this must be remedied before "civic righteous-ness" can be established. Many efforts in this direction have been, made, and are being made, but with unsatisfactory results. A few years ago, the Rev. Dr. Parkhurst, with others, under-took the overthrow of "Tammany" and the suppression of municipal corruption in New York City. They stirred the people of the city and engineered an election which "turned the rascals out " in many cases, so that it seemed for a time that the effort was really successful. But the "rascals" who were turned out drifted back, or those who.filled their places became like them, and toTday municipal righteousness is as far away as ever. The Church, however, is preaching that this "right 