Equal and exact justice to all men, of wIlatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE 5, 1889. NUMBER 19. TI2e ArgeFica2 Ber2th2el. PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PPESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, NO. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO ST,., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALoNto T. JONES. MANY who avow opposition to the Church and State scheme of the National Reformers feel so confident that the measure can never be carried in this country, that they look upon all effort to , counteract the movement as superfluous. Herein, to a great extent, lies the strength of the Amend-ment party; and when the wicked work shall have been carried to a successful end, the people will have an opportunity to look back upon their lost liberties as largely the result of apathy and indifference. SUNDAY traffic on the New York Central Rail-road has been reduced about fifty per cent., and . the Christian Union says that "the thanks of the religious community are especially due to Mr. Cornelius Vanderbilt, whose persistent urgency in this matter has at length borne fruit." We fail, however, to see that Mr. Vanderbilt is entitled to the thanks of anybody, for in view of the fact that the change makes a material reduc-tion in the monthly pay-roll, without reducing the business of the road, it seems plain that he was not influenced altogether, if at all, by either re-ligion or philanthropy. We suppose, however, that, he is now eligible to become one of the vice-presidents of the National Reform Association. Ł THE Christian Union of May 9 indulges in the somewhat favorite pastime of giving good ad-vice to the Prohibitionists, especially in Massa-chusetts. It says:Š " One cause of the reaction in Massachusetts has been the endeavor by some -very unwise Prohibition-ists to coerce temperance men into voting against their convictions, by charging them with being the allies of the liquor sellers if they vote according to their convictions. The American people are not easily bull-dozed, and of all the American people the people of Massachusetts are the least subject to bull-dozing." We do not know how true all this is ; but we . do know that the tactics which the Christian Union charges upon the Massachusetts Prohibi-tionists are just the tactics which are everywhere adopted to frighten timid people into the support of Sunday laws and other measures of religious legislation. Indeed, it seems to be "just the thing to do" for these zealous "reformers" to charge that all who oppose them are in league with in-fidels and liquor dealers. "The Secular Theory of Education." THURSDAY morning, April 25, Rev. David Mc-Allister, of Pittsburg, delivered an address upon the above subject before the National Reform Convention assembled at that place. In begin-ning he referred to a paper that had just been read on " The Romish Assault on the Common Schools," stating that his address earns in very appropriately after that topic, for the reason, as he said, that "when this assault is understood by multitudes of our citizens, they can see no way of meeting it except by the secular theory of ed-ucation." He then proceeded as follows :Š " What commands my -respect for the Catholics is this, that they maintain that education cannot be complete when that education ignores religion. They are on the right ground there. Man is a religious as well as an intellectual being, and no scheme of educa-tion, whether by the family, or the church, or the State, is worthy the name that ignores the higher part of man's nature. The only mistake with Ro-manists is this, that the religion which they insist upon is the religion of Romanists. No other religion will they have. They won't accept the principles that are common to Romanism with Protestantism, for there are such principles. They won't allow these to be taught, for they maintain that any system of re-ligion that leaves out what they regard as essential is utterly defective, and heresy is to be condemned, and heretics who embrace it are to be persecuted." There are several points about this paragraph which we wish to notice. We are willing to ad-mit that a man is not perfectly developed whose education does not embrace the moral and the phys-ical as well as the purely intellectual. But that does not prove that it is the duty of the State to educate him in all of these principles. Indeed, it is an open question with leading educators how far the State should go in education on even a secular basis. There are not a few who maintain that the State should teach nothing except the com-mon English branches, leaving all scientific and classical studies to be provided for by the individ-ual himself, or by his guardians. Certainly then the statement that man is a religious as well as an intellectual being,Šthat no scheme of education is complete that ignores the higher branch of man's nature,Šproves nothing whatever as to how or by whom this higher part should be educated. We hold that it is not the province of the State to furnish rdligious education of any kind whatever.; that for the State to get into the business of teach- ing religion is directly opposed to our Govern-ment, in that it involves class legislation. There are so many conflicting views concerning religion, and the public schools cannot by any possibility teach them all, so that if the State should go into the business of religious education it would be obliged to discriminate between a large class of citizens as worthy as those who are favored. Again, note Mr. McAllister's statement that the only mistake with the Romanist idea of edu- cation is that the religion upon which they in-sist is the religion of Romanists. In this they are perfectly consist Aft, and nobody can justly find any fault with them for it. Protest-ants who are worthy of the name must take a similar position, and insist that whatever religion is taught their children, whether by the State or otherwise, shall be none but the Protestant relig-ion. But by this token we know that National Reformers are not Protestants, because they are willing to join with Romanists. It is true that Mr. McAllister wishes to compromise, having the State teach such branches as are common to both Protestants and Romanists; but he might as well go right over to the Cathol:c Church at once; for when he begs the State to teach the principles of the Christian religion, and says that the principles which he desires to have taught are only those which are common to both Prot-estants and Romanists, he shows that' in his mind there are no distinctive features of Protestantism, as compared with Romanism, that are worthy of being held. Now let us see where this will lead to. The Romanist will not consent to any such fusion. He thinks that the principles of his religion which differ from Protestantism are vital, and he will not consent that they shall be ignored. In this he is consistent. The only reason why he re-mains a Romanist is because he regards his re-ligion as superior to Protestantism. But Mr. McAllister, speaking for the National Reform Association, is not so strenuous in regard to his re-ligion. He is willing to drop every feature that is different from Catholicism. The one point upon which Romanists and National Reformers are agreed is that the State shall support re-ligious teaching. Now since the Romanists are decided in their convictions, and refuse to com-promise their religion, while the National Re-formers are willing to compromise, it is very evident that the stronger and more decided party will carry the day. That is, when National Re-formers see that they cannot have religion taught by the State without joining with Catholics, and that the Catholics will not yield, they will com-promise, not simply on those principles that are common to Protestantism and Romanism, but on Romanism pure and simple. That this will be the result is further evident from a statement made in the Christian Statesman of August 31, 1881, by the. Rev. Sylvester F. Scovel, who, speaking of the desire of the National Reformers to secure the co-operation of Roman Catholics, said:Š " We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time has not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churches as such; but the time is come to make repeated advances, and gradually to accept co-opera-tion in any form in which they may be willing to ex-hibit it. It is one of the necessities of the Situation." 