AMERICAN SENTINEL. 713 Secondly, the resolution states that "one day's rest in seven is a natural law." Now the discovery of "natural law" has been going on in the world for centuries, and all the natural laws that seriously affect our lives are well known and susceptible of scientific demonstration. They have mostly been deduced from the observed phenomena of nature. But where in nature is the evidence of a law for one day's rest in seven? Nature does not rest on the seventh day any more than on the sixth or fifth days. All the functions of the body go on as usual, and nature in all her fields is as active then as at any other time. The sun does not stop shining, the earth does not cease revolving, the trees and all vegetation continue to grow, the streams flow and the winds blow as usual, gravitation is not suspended,Šnowhere is there any naturalevidence when the seventh day is reached that it is one which is different in character from the six days that have preceded it. It may be asserted that the physical nature demands extraordinary rest at the end of six days of work; but no proof whatever can be produced that there is any natural demand for more rest then than at any other time. Nature's only indicated time for physical rest is night; and if people would improve the night for rest, as they ought to do, they would not need physical rest at any other time. To make the seventh day a day of physical and mental inactivity would be to make it, from the standpoint of natural law, the worst day in the week. A SUNDAY-CLOSING campaign has been started in Haverhill, Mass., as appears from this item which we note in the Haverhill Gazette:Š "The police began their active enforcement of the Sunday closing law yesterday, when Martin Marsdou-gian was arrested. He runs a fruit store in the 10-footer at the corner of Winter and White Streets. A week ago the police notified all the fruit dealers and candy stores to keep closed on Sundays and not to make any sales. It seems that the dealers had made com-plaints against each other, and it was decided to close all up. The complaints were due to the fact that a few wanted to close, while others wanted to remain open all day. The order for the closing of all was the result. Those who sell papers, however, open, claiming that right. Yesterday a complaint was made against the dealer arrested. He has been selling papers also, but it is alleged that he made a sale of fruit, and the complaint followed." SUNDAY bull-fighting in Havana, which prevailed under Spanish rule, has given place under American rule to Sunday horse racing, and this is with the approval of the military authorities. Some criticism on this des-ecration of Sunday, uttered by the Washington Post, called out this statement from Havana, dated Novem-ber 12:Š "There is considerable editorial comment in the local newspapers regarding some criticism of Sunday racing here made by the Washington Post. The papers here agree that if horse racing is to take the place of bull-fighting as the popular Cuban sport, Sunday is the only day on which the meetings can be held. There is no wealthy leisure class on the island and week day racing would not be supported. The papers approve the action of the American officials in endorsing Sunday racing." Wherever the sport-loving American cannot have horse-racing on any other day, we may be quite sure it will be had on Sunday. FRICTION between church and state has been increas-ing of late in Italy. The archbishop of Sorrento re-cently reprimanded publicly a priest of Vico Equense for urging the young people of his parish to take for their motto, "Religion, Italy, and the House of Savoy." Thereupon the Minister of Public Worship stopped the salary paid by the state to the archbishop. Cardinal Celesia, archbishop of Palermo, has suspended a priest for praising Italian unity and the work of Crispi. Religious Persecution in China. ACCORDING to report received by the American Bible Society, persecutions of missionaries and Bible colpor-teurs are occurring in different parts of the interior of China. In one instance, it is said, "the viceroy was forced to telegraph for troops" to give protection from the mob. A statement sent out by the Bible Society describes the experiences of six Bible colporteurs in one of these interior Chinese towns, where they were seized by the mob and beaten with clubs until they had received very serious bodily injury. Some friends by means of diplom-acy and the payment of money rescued the victims and conducted them out of the place. The account closes with the statement that "it is understood that the agents of the Bible Society will en-deavor to obtain redress from the Mandarins of Lo Yang Hsien, the city in the province of Yan Suh, which rules the town where this disturbance took place." But by this demand for redress, what power will the missionaries identify themselves with in the eyes of the heathen? How can they follow the example of Him whose gospel they have come to proclaim, in demanding redress when they have suffered persecution? Tau Jesuit "fathers" at Manila, to the number of about sixty, many of them old men, have undertaken to master the English language in order that they may not be handicapped by ignorance in endeavors to main-tain their hold on the natives under American rule. 