AMERICAN SENTINEL. 207 Booker ale Darn RecoŁrrirrierld. SAVON A RO LA A graphic ac- count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. JOHN OF WYCLIFFE 0 JACK THE CONQUEROR The life of this great- C And Other Stories est of "the reformers be-  fp fore the Reformation" is Cloth 6oc.; one of intense it.terest, and is here told in such a way as to inspire the c reader to cultivate his opportunities and econ-omize his time. 0 Cloth, 6oc. 41i1,1 t A ; LEFT WITH A TRUST Contains two good stories, the first being C of the struggles of a fa- fp rally, the head of which having gone, according to baby Phil, "Away 'cross the big sea, and 0 perhaps he'd tumble ai out of the ship and det drowned." The second tells of the faithful ef-forts of a boy to sup-port his sister and wid-owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. The first and longest story is that of ten-year-old poverty-stricken Jack Harold. His A fa- ther and mother were V both dead, and his aunt twould not allow him to go to school. How his C ambition was aroused, 0 etc. Well illustrated, C cloth, 6oc. NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA The author, Rev. Henry Rice, spent eighteen years in India, and has written a most interesting description of the social and reli-gious characteristics of Lthe Hindus. The book is illustrated with 0 twelve native drawings. t) Cloth, 6oc. S AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England. It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting. Its illustrations are o f northern scenes and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc. LIFE ON THE KONGO A comprehensive his-t)  tory of that portion of t'  Africa drained by the Kongo and its tributar-C ies, together with nu- merous missionary inci-c  dents and experiences. A The author, Rev. Hol- m a n Bentley, writes • from personal observa- tion, and gives much 7  interesting information 41) concerning this much-Vtalked-of country. O MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reform-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of  Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. POLITICAL SPEECHES AND DEBATES 4) A reproduction of the principal speeches and de- ie bates o f Abraham ,) Lincoln during the 41 years 1854-1861, to-gether with those of  his political antago-nist, Stephen A. Ce Douglas. A fascin-ating volume of over fr 550 large pages. Cloth, $1.75. PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 6%x4% inch-es, 495 pages, 6 il-lustrations. The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 40c. A series of p a m phlets, contain ing 32o pages and 45 beau-tiful stories for children. Following are some of the titles: "Joe B e n - ton's Coal Yard." "This Hand Never Struck Me," The Burnt C) Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer," "The First Lie," "The Tempting Gloves," "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, postpaid. THOUGHTS FROM THE MOUNT OF BLESSING 'a". MAKING HOME HAPPY An entertaining story of how an unhappy home was made and kept happy, together with the influence it had over other homes. Contains 203 pages; cloth soc. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. TWO CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the hands of the natives. Here dwell the Rubiana people, whose mania is the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us,Łthe Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the missionaries found it, the other after its inhab-itants had received Christianity. Cloth, 6oc. A book well calculated to show forth the love of Christ, and to draw the reader into a closer connection with Him. Contain 237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which arc three-color half-tones. Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. c GOLDEN GRAINS An exposition of the Sermon on the Mount. "It can by no means be read with profit at one sitting, but is a book for time of med-itation, as its title in-cates." ŠBaptist Union. Contains 200 pages, 18 half-tone engrav-ings, is bound in cloth at 75c, and half-calf at $5.00. c STORY OF REDEMPTION PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. Ł OAKLAND, CAL. 39 Bond Street. New York City. 