   ,64       This writer then goes on to state that the Huguenots had plotted to kidnap King Charles IX, had "incited whole provinces to rebellion," and had "introduced for-eign hostile troops into France;" that "the French court, in a lying report of the massacre, deceived Pope Gregory XIII, and he, good easy man, thinking that the king of France had been saved from assassination, publicly thanked God;" that Charles IX and his mother, Cath-erine de Medici, were "worthless Catholics" anyhow, and that the latter was not a Catholic, but a "free-thinker." And so it is evident(?) that "religion, either Catholic or Protestant, had nothing to do with the massacre" ! It is rather remarkable that "facts" can be brought to light at this late date which set aside the conclusions reached by the people who lived when this occurrence took place. That these conclusions, as set forth in his-tory, were such as to-day reflect anything but credit upon "the church," is a fact for whidh. "the church" is alone re-sponsible. She had every opportunity at the time, and afterwards, to secure a correct version of the affair for transmission to posterity. "The church" ruled almost supremely in the nations of Europe at the time when such occurrences as this passed into history. Why did she allow history to be written and stand as authentic, which was not only false but unfavorable to herself ? The truth is that the history of those times, as it has come down to us, is essentially true. But in that day the papacy had no wish to change that history; it was not then regarded as of a nature to reflect odium upon her. It was not then deemed, as it is generally to-day, a wicked thing to persecute and put to death "heretics." The ter-rible event of St. Bartholomew's day was regarded as a justifiable and even laudable proceeding, and not calling for any apology. And hence Pope Gregory, "good, easy man," that he was, in giving public thanks and having a medal struck commemorative of the event, did not im-agine he was doing anything which might make trouble for the apologists of "thechurch" in future times. The Jews tell us that they did not crucify Jesus Christ, but that it was done by theRoman, Pontius Pilate. And it is true enough that in that and subsequent proceed-ings of a similar nature against the followers of Christ, the State has been the actor by whose authority and in whose name the persecution was done. 'And this is why it is so convenient to have a union of religion with the. State, and why such a union is always sought by a church which wants power to enforce her religion, and has lost the power which comes from union with her divine Head. It is altogether too late at this date to revise the his-tory of the Middle Ages. The attempt to do so will only expose more clearly the weakness of the claim that "reli-gion had nothing to do" with the tragedies of those times in which the actors were known as papists and Protest-ants-. , The would-be explanations by which it is sought to remove all stigma from "the church," are fitted only for an appeal to credulity and ignorance. What Rome Would 'Do foi 'the Utiitt1 States.  NOT very long ago a prominent prelate of Rome made the statement in public that what Rome had done for other nations where she had had control, she would do also for the United States. In, view of this assertion, which is undoubtedly true, it becomes of interest to Americans'. to note what Rome has done for those other countries. In,brief, this could not perhaps be better set forth than is done in the following words of the illustrious French author; Victor Hugo:Š "Ah, we know you! We knoVthe clerical party ; it is an old party. This it is which, has found for the truth those two marvelous supportersŠignorance and error. This it is which forbids to science and genius the going beyond the Missal, and which wishes to cloister thought in dogmas. Every step which the intelligence of Europe has taken has been in spite of it. Its history is written in the history of human progress, but it is written on the back of the leaf. It is opposed to it all  For a long time the human conscience has revolted against you, and now demands of you, ' What is it that you wish of me?' For a long time already you have tried to put a gag upon the human intellect ; you wish to be the masters of education, and, there is not a poet, not an author, not a thinker, not a philosopher that you accept. All that has been written, found, dreamed, deduced, inspired, im7  agined, invented by genius, the treasure of civilization, the venerable inheritance of generations, the common, patrimony of knowledge, you reject. There is a bookŠa book that is from one end to the other an emanation from above; a book which is fOr the whole world what the Koran is for Islamism, what the Vedas are for India, a book which contains all human wisdom illaniinated by all divine wisdomŠa book which the veneration of the people calls The BookŠThe Bible! Well, your cen-sure has reached even thatŠunheard-of thing! Popes have proscribed the Bible. How astonishing to wise spirits; how overpowering to simple hearts to see the finger of Rome placed upon the Book of God! And you claim the liberty of teaching. Stop; be sincere; let-us understand the liberty which you claim. "IT IS THE LIBERTY OF NOT TEACHING. "You wish us to give you the people to instruct. Very well. Let us see your pupils. Let us see those you have produced. What have you done for Italy? What have you done for Spain? For centuries you have kept in your hands, at your discretion, at your school, these two great nations, illustrious among the illustrious. What have you done for them? I shall tell you. Thanks to you, Italy, whose name no man who thinks can any longer pronounce without inexpressible filial emotionsŠItaly, mother of genius and of nations, which has spread over all the universe all the most brilliant marvels of po-etry and the artsŠItaly, which has taught mankind to readŠnow knows not how to read! Yes, Italy is, of all' the states of Europe, that where the smallest number know how to read. Spain, magnificently endowed Spain, which received from the Romans her, first civilization; from Providence, and in spite of you, a world, AmericaŠSpain, thanks to you, wears a yoke of stupor, a:yoke of degradation and decay; Spain has lost this secret power which it had from the Romans; this genius of Art, which 