224 THE,  AMERICAN SENTINEL,. NEW YORK, JULY 17, 1890., NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL Without having ordered it may know that .it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Catholic Review remarks that " the theory that not a dollar should be spent by Government for the spread of religion is a very good theory, but it does not work, never did, and never will." It is not strange that Roman Catholics should take such a view of this matter, but it is surprising that so many Protest-ants should agree with them. JUNE 17, the Sheriff of Rock County served a writ of mandamus on the School Board of the city of Edgerton, Wisconsin, commanding it to compel teachers not to read the Bible in the public schools. This is the district from which the famous Bible case came, which was decided by the Supreme Court against allowing the Bible in the public schools. Teachers have thus far ignored the decision. " I NOTICED a queer thing recently in Philadelphia," said a New York man the other day. " It was Sunday, and all the street cars ran as usual except that there were no bells on the horses. They told me that was the law there. They have to wear bells week-days, so that people will notice them coming and get out of the way, but Sundays, apparently, it doesn't make any difference whether folks are run over or not. The proprieties are ob-served you see, but business isn't inter-fered with." Ł -4.Ł  Ł THE Union Signal has grown enthusias-tic over Senator Blair, and finds vent in the following piece of sentimental sweet-ness :-- Senator Blair is one of the wisest statesmen in Congress ; the white-ribbon army, the home-folk, the wage-earners, the militant Christians, are proud of his leadership. Though a recreant Senate voted down his Educational Bill by six majority, his plan of national aid against illiteracy is surd to win. More than any other senator of this generation he represents the hopes of the classes that need a champion. He has dared to take up the gauntlet for them; dared to devote himself to their interests, and we humbly trust they may not only dare but have the power to do, that he may yet be President of the United States. Two pillars must be set up between which the processions of the future shall march into America's temple of prosperity and peace. They are National Education and National Prohibition. When put in place these pillars of our moral Hercules will bear the name of Henry W. Blair. We know that the United States Senate is not composed of the highest model of  statesmenship, --but as for Senator Blair, we know that he is not a statesman at all, in any true sense of the word, where American principles are concerned. The legislation which he has originated, and the speeches which he has made in support of that legislation, show that he does not understand the, first principles of the United States Government. It is true that he is the champion of the classes who need that kind of a champion, and it is true that to people who need that kind of a champion, he is the very kind of a champion that they would like; but there are two things about it that are too bad. First, it is too bad that there should be anybody to need such a champion. Sec-ondly, even though there be such, it is too bad that they can find anybody in the United States to be their champion. Ł THE Loyal American plaintively asks : " Shall we- permit priests to deprive na-tive born Americans of a birthright, the right to know the language of their na-tive land ?" Certainly not; neither shall we suffer them to be deprived of the privi-lege of learning the language of their fa-thers if they wish to learn it. The fact is, however, that no priests wish to deprive "native born Americans," or anybody else, of learning the language of their na-tive land; indeed they are anxious for them to learn it, and to learn every thing else that will enable them to become legis-lators, etc., and so rule the country. The Loyal American need not fear that any considerable number of "native born Americans " will grow up in ignorance of the language and customs of the country. IN the article on the Bennett Law in THE SENTINEL of June 5, we said:Š The Lutherans maintain the perfect right of the public school to exist, and willingly pay their pro-portion of the public-school taxes. We have received letters from Nebraska and Wisconsin, stating that this is not true in the localities from which' these letters come. One of the letters coming from the County Judge of Jefferson County, Nebraska, says that to his knowledge the Lutherans pay the public school taxes unwillingly and only because they must do so. Another comes from a trust-worthy citizen of Liberty Bluffs, Wiscon- sin, in which he says the same thing and gives the following facts:Š When I settled in this part of Wisconsin, the German Lutherans were not in the majority, and we had eight or nine months school in the year, and fairly good teachers ; but just as soon as they got a majority of votes in our district, the time was cut down to five months in the year, all in the winter, no summer term; and teachers wages cut down as low as thirteen dollars to sixteen dollars per month. They voted down all propositions to repair school house, purchase maps, dictionary, etc. Finally when this did not break up the school altogether, they voted to have no school at all, and actually had no school for over a year; and if the State Su-perintendent had not interfered, this state of things might have continued. Many other districts that I  know of have this same difficulty, more or less. where the German Lutheran element predominates, especially in rural districts. We made our statements, upon the au-thority of the statements of the synods of the West. The official statements of- the Lutheran body must be taken as the prin-'ciples of the body; and although these facts no doubt exist in the localities named, it is clearly in violation of the principles announced by the body as such in the United States. We are glad to know these facts. We do not indorse the action in the slightest degree, yet from the official statements of the Lutheran body, in our position we cannot hold that body responsible for the action of the Lutherans in these localities. These facts only show that the Lutherans in those localities have gone contrary to their principles; and whether in that place or any other, such action has ever been taken, we earnestly hope that they may reform, and conform to the principles set forth as the principles of the Lutheran body. ' We have no sympathy with any antago-nism to the public-school system. But, the practice of the Lutherans in the lo-calities named, even though it were more general, will not justify, to the least ex-tent, the State in invading private rights, and taking charge of the private school, and putting itself in the place of the parent, as the Bennett Law does. Clearly the Lutherans named by these correspond-ents were, and are, in the wrong; and the State of Wisconsin, in the Bennett Law, is also clearly in the wrong; and the wrong course of the Lutherans does not make right the wrong course of the State. REFERRING to the King case, the details of which are familiar to our readers, the Denison, Texas, Gazette says :Š - The case has been taken to the Supreme Court of the United States by the National Religious Lib-erty Association, a society that admits no person to membership who does not believe in Christianity, but holds that the functions of Church and State are entirely distinct. If the United States Supreme Court does not teach the Tennessee witch-burners a lesson, a majority of the American people will be disappointed. We have had entirely too much of the Sabbath invasion of other men's homes. It feeds prejudice, embitters enmity, fractures Mend-ship, wrongs individuals, and does no manner of good whatever. It is certain that this case is bound to attract a great deal of attention. It is being very extensively noticed by the press of the country. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institdtions, the preservation of the  United States Constitution -as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. Ł 