716, AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE advent of America as a military power upon the scene of European complications in the far East, said Lord Salisbury, the English premier, at a recent speech, "is a grave and serious event, which may not conduce to the interests of peace; though," he added, "I think in any event it is likely to conduce to the interests of Great Britain." These are weighty words, spoken by one who occupies the position of a competent' observer and judge. IN the same speech Lord Salisbury made this refer-ence to the czar's proposition for international peace: "The czar has invited a congress to provide for the dis-armament of the world; but while we offer our heartiest tribute to his motives and are willing to assist and sym-pathize in every way until the happy day when his aspi-rations are crowned with success, we must still provide precautions needful to counteract the dangers surround-ing us." In this statement the English premier has out-lined the position not only of Great Britain, but of all the leading powers of Europe. They all "sympathize" with the proposition in an abstract way, and are willing to lend it such assistance as is compatible with a contin-ual extension of their own possessions and power in the earth, and increase of their military forces to counteract the surrounding dangers. But how long will it take at that rate to reach the sought-for condition of general and lasting peace? WHETHER it is pessimistic or not to speak of the darker side of national or international affairs, it is al-ways best to look facts in the face. That is the only way to be prepared for emergencies and avoid,  being compelled to face still worse conditions. The outlook would be hopelessly dark under all circumstances were it not for the hope of the gospel, and to him who has that hope no circumstances can make the outlook less than bright. The Christian is an optimist, always; and not to be such is to deny the Christian faith. SOME time ago it was announced that the French government had decided to strike off the words "Dieu protege la France" from all French gold and siver coins. It appears that no definite action has been taken on the point up to the present, but now the intention is to be  carried into-effect. A Paris paper, the Gaulois, in mak-ing note of the fact, intimates that Frenchmen no longer have faith in Providence, but view God as being too high and far away, and that- the republic needs protection nearer by. It is but natural, of course, that in view of the calamities that have fallen upon France in recent years. the idea of God as the national protection should have waned in the minds of the people. The false con-ception that the nation, is Christian, and therefore bound to be under the divine protection, leads naturally, under adverse conditions, to the equally false idea that God is too high and too far off to pay much attention to hu-man affairs, especially the comparatively small affairs of a single individual; and thus it leads naturally to loss of faith in God. THE words stricken off from the French coinage were about equally significant with the words "In God We Trust," upon gold and silver coins of the United States. They in fact mean nothing, and hence are only superflu-ous. No nationŠnot even the most professedly Chris-tian oneŠtrusts in God; their trust is in their armies and navies; and to stamp the name of God upon its currency Šwhich itself represents the god of most peopleŠis only to take that name in vain. RECENTLY the Rev. Dr. Burrell, a clergyman well known in this city, preached a discourse on the subject of "The Citizenship of the Christian." In stating some of the duties of this citizenship, he said:Š "Third, cast your ballot. Jesus Christ could not do it. He belonged to a subjugated race, but if he stood here to-day he would say, 'Vote, and vote right.' This is a duty that no Christian man should think of neg-lecting." WHETHER Jesus Christ would or would not say what the Rev. Dr. Burrell says he would on this subject, it is certain that if he gave an admonition to vote, he would tell how that vote ought to be cast. He would not merely say, "Vote right," but he would state what the right vote is. Jesus Christ never left his followers in the dark on any point of Christian duty. He always stated to them clearly what duty was. This was his mission while he walked and taught throughout Judea. OF course, if voting be a Christian duty, the duty is to "vote right." But at this point we get into difficulty. What is the right vote? There are plenty of people ready to tell us, including clergymen; but, they do not all tell the same story. If we follow their instructions on the subject we shall be voting several different tickets; and not being allowed to vote more than one ticket, we can not be sure that we are casting this "right" vote. And 