PACIFIC AMERICAN SENTINEL. 605 coin? Of course not. We are here to strive for great principles, not for any personal fortune; to protect the free institutions of our beloved country, irrespective of the effect of our words on the future of any politicians, or of any aspirant for office. It is in this spirit we de-mand "unconditional surrender" to the forces of liberty and justice.ŠH. Laurence Laughlin, of Chicago Univer-sity. THE Washington Post is authority for the following, which illustrates a point upon which the late "Colonel" Ingersoll held views undoubtedly correct. One day on the cars, says the Post, Mr. Ingersoll met the Rev. Tal- mage, and the following dialogue ensued:Š "Then you would like to live in a place, Brother Tal-mage, where everyone had to be good by law?" "Certainly," said Talmage. "You would like to live where everyone had to go to church regularly every Sunday?" "Yes, that would suit me." "Where no man could get a drink and swearing was not permitted?" "Yes, that's the place for me." "And where every man would keep regular hours?" "That would be heaven on earth," said Talmage. smiling and striking his knee with his open palm. "Well," said Bob, looking over his glasses, "you'd better go up to Sing Sing. That's the way they do there."ŠFrom K. C. Star. THE mayor and bishop of Havana have protested against an order of the Cuban Secretary of Finance, directing that all title deeds of real property must be submitted for inspection by the central authorities. The protest represents the voice of the Catholic church, which, naturally enough, wants to retain all property now claimed by her in the island. But it is a confession that her claim will not in all cases bear investigation. A Cuban paper, Lucha, says :Š "Investigations that are now in progress seem to show millions of dollars worth of property which ought to revert to the State. In many cases the convents and other religious institutions to which the property was originally given no longer exist, and the income is being collected by the Church instead of reverting to the State, as it should have done. In one instance the ecclesiastical authorities have burned their books in order to avoid investigation." A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offeringŁto the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. TO OUR. PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. O. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Drat on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor olany other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or cein is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION® PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Singfle Copy, Per Year $1.00, 4 4 6 4 Six months .50, 4 4 Three months .26 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York, Jesus Died for You. This is the title of the new num-ber (No. 63) of the APPLES OF GOLD LIBRARY written by Mrs. Luella L. Harmon. It is a Christ-filled appeal to sin-ners to yield themselves to Him who died for them. It is well cal-culated to soften and subdue hearts, and to do good wherever circulated. Price, 50 cents per hundred. PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. 18 W. 5th St., Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, California. YAP OF PithESTME. Very Useful for Sabbath Schools, Especially when studying the Life of Christ. Clear and plain. Size 41x28 inches. Printed On Cloth. Price $1.00. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 