AMERICA_N SENTINEL. 491 deuce in the structures used, or in the garb of the teach-ers that would suggest denominational relationship or hint at the remotest connection of church and state. Let national, state, county, and municipal treasuries be jealously guarded against all attempts for the sectarian division of the sacred funds which they hold for the sup-port of common schools. Let all partisan political con-trol be banished from the management of the schools. Let a solemn, if unrecorded, oath of allegiance to our institutions by every loyal citizen embraCe the defense of the American system of free common schoolsŠa defense conducted without malice, without bigotry, without fear, without compromise." The convention also took very positive ground against the opinion of Attorney-General Griggs, by which the anti canteen legislation of Congress has been made of no effect. The resolution adopted was as fol-lows:Š ' "The enormity of the liquor business is, if possible, more apparent than ever before. We congratulate the country on the passage of the anti-canteen act which so accurately represents the will of the American people. Its nullification by Attorney-General Griggs is viewed with painful solicitude and ever-increasing indignation, and we hereby pledge Congress our hearty support in maintaining it against the untenable opinions of a sub-ordinate executive officer. We heartily indorse the union of temperance forces sought by the American Anti-saloon League and urge local, State and national co-operation with all enemies of the rum power." Another question which received not a little atten-tion was that of the proposed unseating of Congressman-elect Brigham H. Roberts, the alleged polygamist of Utah. The resolution adopted by the convention on this subject reads as follows:Š "We regard the election of a polygamist to Congress by the State of Utah as an indignity offered to every American citizen and an insult to the sanctity and pu-rity of the Christian home. We protest against the elec-tion of Mr. Roberts to the House of Representatives and demand that one whose life is so repugnant to Christian principles shall be expelled from that great law-making body. This convention, representing 2,500,000 mem-bers, does also hereby most respectfully and most ear-nestly call upon every member of the Senate and House of Representatives to use his utmost endeavor and to exhaust all honorable means to secure action by the Fifty-sixth Congress proposing an amendment to the national Constitution and submitting the same to the legislatures of the several States, defining legal marriage to be monogamic and making polygamy under whatso-ever guise or pretense a crime against the United States, punishable by the severest penalties, including disfran-chisement and disqualification to vote, or to hold any office of honor or emolument under the United States or any State or Territory thereof. To the imperial policy of the present administration the convention did not commit itself by resolution, though the general tenor of speeches, which in any way had a bearing on this subject, seemed strongly to favor the expansion idea; and the present seemingly cordial  relations between the United States and Great Britain were referred to at nearly every meeting, and every such reference was greeted by most liberal applause. It is fair and just to state in conclusion that the present atti-tude of the Epworth League on present day problems is as follows: in favor of the union of church and state, radical Sunday legislation, the prohibition of the liquor traffic, and modern imperialism; and opposed to polyg-amy, the seating of Congressman-elect Roberts, and the continuance of the army canteen. Compulsory Education. SHOOT him who hauls the flag downŠon the spot! Whether in Yukon cold or Luzon hot. For, we may lower it with dignity, Not even when it's where it should'nt be; Up with Old GloryŠdown with what it meansŠ Freedom and peaceŠdown with the Philippines! When wicked Spain oppressed the Tagal land, The race was noble and its cause was grand, But what a change;  what startling things time does! Patriots against Spain, they're rebels against usŠ Rebels most foul, as rebels always are, Hating our trusty PresidentŠtheir czar. He'll give the people local freedom, when They prove they're fit for slaves, but not till then. He'll teach them then how caucuses are run, Conventions bossed and close elections won; How "slates" are made, indictments quashed, And how the blackest boodlers are whitewashedŠ Till some day they'll become as pure as we, And show the world a Tagal Tammany. Misguided Tagals, kneel and sue for quarter, And then your czar will kindly stop your slaughter. SlaughterŠthe word's too harshŠlet's call this trifle Compulsory education with a rifle. Who heeds the antis and their scornful hooting? We'll teach the young idea to shootŠby shooting; Teach it our methods and our enterprises, And how a Christian nation civilizes; When rapid firing and the highest priced, We have more trust in cannon than in Christ. By trusts our country's fed, and clothed, and shodŠ A trust in everything excepting God. When we betrayed the men who were allies To make their country an imperial prize (Our honor silenced and our conscience hushed), Recording angels wept and Satan blushed. 0, La Fayette, at Yorktown what a chance! You should have seized America for France. We'll win the Tagal's love if slaughter'll win it, If this is method there is madness in it. ŠJames J. Dooling, in "Boston Transcript." "This is the word of the Lord, . . . Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." ŠZechariah. 