AMERICAN SENTINEL. 281 EVENTS which have happened the past week in Pal-metto, Ga., have been the subject of talk and newspaper comment throughout the civilized world. We refer to them here only because of the lesson which they teach. * * SOME weeks ago, at this place, a mob took from jail several negroes accused of stealing, and shot them. The justification of this, as of other "mob law" proceedings against the southern negroes, was that the latter could only be kept within proper bounds by some more power-ful deterrent than was provided in legal measures against crime. They must be restrained by the awful object lesson of mob law vengeance. * Tan negroes of the place were of course enraged; and now the whole country is stirred over the news of a most barbarous assassination of a white man at Palmetto by a negro in his employ, and of the events which followed. The white man was supposed to have been a leader of the mob who shot the negro prisoners. THE negro assassin was pursued, and after some time, was captured; he was charged with and believed to be guilty of a more revolting crime committed in im-mediate connection with the assassination. With this belief in mind, the fury of the people knew no bounds. The prisoner was brought back to the scene of his crime, and there burned at the stake, meanwhile being subjected to every kind of torture that could readily be applied. Another negro whom the assassin had charged with complicity in his crime, was taken by the same mob, tor-tured, and hung, although the only direct evidence against him was the word of a man whom the mob con-sidered not fit to die a legal death.  ages who managed the Spanish Inquisition, is it recorded that they ever carried the spirit of hatred and revenge to such limits. * * * ALL this was done for a reason; and the reason was given in a placard nailed up at the place of execution, which read, "We must protect our white women." Upon this ground the deed was justified by the people. * * * BUT what ground of justification is this? What pro-tection do such proceedings afford? When the negroes were taken from prison and shot, that did not protect he community against further violence. On the con-trary, it only excited a thirst for revenge which led to a greater crime. And what else could be expected? The spirit of hatred and revenge is always a prompter of crime; and when this spirit is roused, the community is in much greater danger of suffering from crime than it was before. The terrible vengeance meted out by the mob to negro criminals may inspire terror in the negro mind, as it is meant to do; but while this may be done, it is certain that it will also develop a spirit of hatred against those by whom it is done. And this spirit will be manifested in deeds of violence whenever the oppor-tunity is deemed favorable to do so. Tars whole matter is one which touches the very foundation principles of government; that is what makes it so serious. It is given out that mob vengeance mus be resorted to in this country for protection. That is the meaning of every act of lynching, and there arc sev-eral hundred cases of lynching in this country every year. That is what the people in many sections of the country are coming to believe. * * * PROTECTION is the very purpose of civil government. As the Declaration of Independence states, all men have certain rights, and "to preserve these rights govern-ments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." But "mob law" is the very opposite of government; it is anarchy. Is anarchy the most efficient preventive of crime? If it is, let it be substituted for the criminal code and the courts of law. * * * , Ł * Tun circumstances attending the death of these ne_ groes are without parallel in the annals of crime; for not only were the most unusual tortures inflicted, but the remains of bone and flesh left by the fire were carried away in pieces by the crowd to be treasured as memen-toes; and such ghastly relics were, it is said, put on sale in Atlanta at a good price. Neither of the aboriginal savages of this or other lands, or the more refined say- IF the mob ever did right in punishing a criminal, Washington, Jefferson, Hancock, Hamilton, and the rest did wrong in founding this Government; for the one is directly contrary to the other. The mob never "takes the law into its hands" without violating the funda-mental law of this Government. If mob methods should be generally resorted to, the Government would cease to exist. 