220 AMERICAN SENTINEL. her in so striking a. manner from all the other states of Greece. Lycurgus was resolVed that the Spartans should be a nation of soldiers: To accomplish this result he placed the complete training of the boys under the control of the state and introduced a system of state fatherhood that overthrew entirely all parental rights over the young. Every child after birth was subjected to a public examination of its physical condi-tion. The weakly and the cripples were exposed on Mount Taygetus. In his seventh year the boy was taken from hismother's care and given over to the state teachers or trainers, who taught the youthful Spartans all the gymnastic games, exercises and movements that were calculated to harden the body and to strengthen the muscles. They were forced to wear the same gar-ments winter and summer, and to bear the privations of hunger and thirst. Literature, eloquence and phil-osophy were to be despised, although the boys were per-mitted to sing martial airs. "A Spartan was allowed to marry when he had com-pleted his thirtieth year, but even then he was still under public discipline, and was not permitted to take his meals with his wife. The men messed together and slept at night in, the public barracks. Not until he had reached his sixtieth year was the Spartan released from public training and from military service. The individ-ual in this system was nothing, the state everything. The individual existed solely for the state. "The Christian theory of statehood is at utter vari-ance with the Spartan view. According to Christian philosophy the state exists for the safeguard of the in-dividual and for the protection of inalienable private rights. The rights of domestic society are not deriyed from civil society,for the individuals composing a state must necessarily exist before the state can have exist-ence. The individuals and the family are certainly prior to the state, and hence it is impossible that the rights of the family should be derived from the state. Now, no society can lawfully claim to control or modify rights which it did not originate. "Bearing this in mind, the question of education resolves itself into this, viz.: To whom does, the child primarily belong? If to the state, then the state should have complete control of education. If to the parents, then to them belongs the sacred right of giving the child that well-proportioned development of his facul-ties which will enable him to secure by legitimate effort his well-being in this life and its happiness in the We to come. The state has its province, and that province is not to go beyond its own limits, and to usurp inalien-able private rights, but to protect the citizen in his home and in his sphere of action." Persecution of Protestants in Russia. NEWS has recently come of a renewed attack by the czar's government upon the Lutheran churches in Fin-land and in the Baltic provinces. The pretext for this attack is that the Lutheran clergy in Finland and Livo-nia are favoring the spread of pan-Germanic senti-ments. A number of recent conversions from the Rus-sian Orthodox Church to the Protestant faith have  inspired a cry of alarm in the clerical and reactionary press. As a result, the Lutheran theological semina-ries, which a few years ago had been allowed to be in St. Petersburg, have now been closed.ŠMissionary Review. 'THE despotic power of the Catholic religious orders in Madagascar, which was exercised against Protestant missionary work in the island at the establishment of French supremacy, seems to be on the wane, and a brighter day for liberty-loving people in that country is anticipated. We note the following on this point in the Missionary Review of the World:Š "The Rev. P. G. Peake reports an enthusiastic wel-come on his return to Isoavina, Madagascar. "'We have had the most demonstrative reception we have ever received from the natives. The first week was almost occupied in receiving parties with the usual presents of fowls, rice, eggs, etc. ' The freedom with which the people come to us indicates that the night-mare of terrorism and persecution has passed away. Most of them, if not all, realize that they now really have religious liberty and tolerance. On Wednesday we had a visit from Governor-General Pennequin. He was very pleasant and seemed pleased with his visit, for he made, a presept of fifty francs to be distributed among the children.' "Similar good news comes from the Rev. J. Pearse, who reports the reinstatement (through the influence of Madame Pennequin) of Rajaofera, one of our evan-gelists, who was banished last year on false charges." AN interesting indication of the reform movement in Russia is contained in the news that the czar is about to decree the abandonment of the Julian calendar in favor of the Gregorian system of reckoning time. The innovation, which will be promulgated in the course of a few months, was opposed with vigor by the more con-servative elements in the empire; and its adoption will be a clear concession to the business men, the manu-facturers, and others who come into intimate touch with Western Europe, which universally recognizes the Gregorian calendar. The nations of the Grco-Catholic confession have ajleep-rooted attachment for the Julian reckoning (the so-called "old style" calendar), which they have regarded as one of the indications of the independence of the Eastern Church from Rome. As the head of the Holy Orthodox Church, the czar of Russia has the authority to sanction the change of calendar which is desired by the advanced men of Russia. Great pressure was brought to bear upon the czar, however, by the ecclesiastics, who regarded, or affected to regard, the question of a system of time-reckoning for the em-pire as affecting the authority of the orthodox church, with an important moral bearing -upon the solidarity of the Slavonic world, which, with the exception of Po-land and Bohemia, has adhered tenaciously t© the 