NOVEMBER 189g. AM:II:MELTE C.AN SMN9rIIVEL. 3/1 to carry some authority, and to be sanctioned by some penalty on those who disregard it; not, indeed, of fine and imprisonment, but of some degree of proscrip-tion, perhaps in public opinion. And does the change in the nature of the penalty make the recommenda-tion less a law of conduct for those to whom it is di-rected ? I do not believe it is for the interest of religion to invite the civil magistrate to direct its exercises, its discipline, or its doctrines; nor of the religious socie-ties, that the general government should be invested with the power of effecting any uniformity of time or matter among them. Fasting and prayer are religious exercises; the en-joining them, an act of discipline. Every religious society has a right to determine for itself the times for these exercises, and the objects proper for them, ac-cording to their own particular tenets; and this right can never be safer than in their own hands, where the Constitution has deposited it.* It is certain that there would be no less true thanksgiving than there now is if this matter were left just where Jefferson left it and where the Constitution leaves it, namely, with the churches and the people. WHAT IT MEANS TO BE A CHRISTIAN. [Christian Leader.] THE attainment of the Christian is to be in the " likeness of Christ." What the devil hates most in man is the image of God in his heart. " Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them that despitefully use you and persecute you, that ye may be the chil-dren of your Father which is in heaven." " Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect." " Be ye therefore followers of God as dear children." " Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven." IT IS FITTING. EVERY Sunday in the year and every hour of every Sunday, the Sunday " law " is vio-lated in New York City by every street car line in the city, both surface and elevated, as it is also violated by the New York Central and Hudson River, and Hartford and New Haven railways. But no orders have been is-sued to the police of the city to make any arrests for these violations of the " law," hence, according to his own theory, that the one paramount duty of officials is to enforce the " law," President Roosevelt is guilty of criminal neglect of his official duty. But we do not so charge. We believe that it would be wrong to attempt to enforce the so-called " law " which we have cited. It is contrary to the law of nature, which is paramount to all human law, and it is because experience has demonstrated this, that the statute is not enforced. The police authorities of New York know perfectly well that the running of street cars and of the elevated trains and of the railway trains and the selling of tickets is all just as illegal and just as much a violation of the "law" on Sunday as is anything else that is done or attempted to be done, and they make no effort to enforce the " law " against these things because they realize that they would not be sustained by the people in so doing, and they know that they will not be sustained by the people because these "laws" are an inva-sion of the rights of the people. And by their failure to even attempt to enforce the "law" in its entirety, Mr. Roosevelt and his fellow-commissioners confess that they do not regard as " more important than even the question of Works of Thomas Jefferson," vol. v., pp. 236, 237. what a law is, is the question of the honest enforcement of the law." They do not regard it as " the paramount duty of public officials to enforce the law." They no doubt regard it really as a paramount duty of officials to serve the best interests of the whole people; at least this is the light in which they ought to regard it. But while they do this in the matter of street cars and railway trains, they seem to lose sight of it in various minor mat-ters. They are pursuing with the "law" the men and women who might otherwise earn a few much needed dimes and nickles on Sun-day, while they close their eyes to the acts of the rich corporations that are reaping rich harvests of dollars every Sunday. But such " enforcement " of the Sunday "law " is fit-ting and ought to open the eyes of the people not only to the evils of all such legislation, but to the character of the Sunday institution itself. SWEARING TO SUPPORT THE CONSTITU- TION. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] EVERY public official, before he enters upon the duties of his office, swears to support the Constitution. In this all are agreed. But right here an important question arises. Lan-guage conveys to different persons different meanings. In fact, by the very nature of things, no person can see material objects exactly as another sees them; this truth is more pronounced when it applies to a mental description of institutions and law, such as is the Constitution. Now the question is, Does the man in taking his oath to support the Constitution swear to support it as he under-stands that it is ? or, Does he swear to sup-port it as he understands that somebody else understands it ? These two views are the only views that can be taken of this much debated question. All are agreed that he must support the Constitu-tion as it is. But how is he to know how it is ? Is he to take John Doe's or Richard Roe's word for it? Or is he to endeavor to make up his mind himself from all sources bearing upon the question according to the best of his ability ? Most assuredly, the latter. If he were not to obey the Constitution as he himself understood it, the oath should read " that I will obey the Constitution as John Smith understands it," or " as the President of the United States understands it," or " as the Supreme Court understands it," etc., which oath would then mean that he would obey the Constitution as he understood that John Smith understood it, and so on. An oath, in law, always means the truth or facts as the deponent or speaker sees them. It is psychologically impossible that it should be otherwise. Whatever is (to me) is what is as I see it; and so when I swear what is, I swear what is as I understand it. Things could not be otherwise. The most notable discussion *ever had on this question was when Andrew Jackson was President of the United States. In reciting this controversy, Bishop, one of the very best legal authorities, lays down the law very clearly. " It will be remembered," says Bishop, "that during the administration of President Jackson, the question of recharter-ing the United States Bank came up for deci-sion by Congress. And the two houses having passed a bill for its recharter, the President vetoed it on the ground, among others, that it was unconstitutional, notwithstanding the  question of its constitutionality had been de-cided in the affirmative by the Supreme Court of the United States. " The veto-message, which was sent to the Senate, contained the following passage: The Congress, the Executive, and the Court must each efor itself be guided by its own opinion of the Constitution. Each public officer who takes an oath to support the Constitution, swears that he will support it as he under-stands it, and not as it is understood by others. It is as much the duty of the House of Rep-resentatives, of the Senate, and of the Pres-ident to decide upon the constitutionality of any bill or resolution, which may be presented to them for passage or approval, as it is of the supreme judges, when it may be brought be-fore them for judicial decision. The opinion of the judges has no more authority over Con-gress than the opinion of the Congress has over the judges; and on that point the Pres-ident is independent of both. The authority of the Supreme Court must not therefore be permitted to control the Congress or the Ex-ecutive, when acting in their legislative capaci-ties, but to have only such influence as the force of their reasonings may deserve.' " As soon as this message was read, a tem-pest began to rage in the Senate, and it raged through the whole country during the suc-ceeding presidential election, and it has scarcely ceased raging now. The very clear and most accurate statement of the law just quoted, was denounced by the political oppo-nents of the President in unmeasured terms, and all the people who could be influenced by them were made to believe it was rank heresy. No one,' said Mr. Clay, who in the Senate followed Mr. Webster in denouncing the message, swears to support it [the Constitu-tion] as he understands it, but to support it simply as it is in truth.' " If we bring the issue thus made up between Jackson and Clay to the test of authority, we shall find the question readily settled; and, as a legal question, it is not one about which there are two opinions. Suppose then, the violation, by the President, or by a member of Congress, of his official oath, is by a stat-ute made punishable as perjury; and suppose a member of Congress, having voted for a measure which he believed to be unconstitu-tional, while the Supreme Court held it to be constitutional, is indicted before a judicial tribunal under the statute, and the facts ap-pear as thus stated. The court, following the decision of the Supreme Court,would affirm the .constitutionality of the measure for which tlie defendant had voted. It would next direct the jury to find the defendant guilty; because, though his vote 'was constitutional, he thought it was not, and for one to swear to what is true in fact, while he believes it to be false, is perjury. " The proposition is that when a man swears to anything, though the oath is in form gen-eral, in matter of law he swears to the thing as he understands it.' This is an old doc- trine, as old as the common law itself, and it has constantly maintained the vigor of its youth, both in England and this country, and at the present day it is as fresh and strong with us as ever. Thus, to go back to the time of Lord Coke, who is the great and over-shadowing law authority, he says: Falsehood in knowledge and mind may be punished, though the words be true. For example, damages were awarded to the plaintiff in the Star Chamber according to the value of his goods riotously taken away by the defendant: the plaintiff caused two men to swear the value of his goods, that never saw nor knew 1  11 Benton's:Debates, 513. a 11 Benton's Debates, 536. 