Equal and axact Justice to all Men, of 'Whatever State or Persuasion, peli8ioua or Political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MARCH 10, 1892. NUMBER 10. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. GOD gives manhood but one clew to suc-cessŠequal and exact justice; that he guarantees shall be always expediency. Deviate one hair's breadthŠplant only the tiniest seed of concessionŠyou know not how "many branches of mischief " shall grow therefrom.Š Wendell Phillips. WE must remember that if we would maintain our free institutions, we must protect the rights of minorities, and insure to them every privilege and immunity that is accorded the majority, and that every man's rights must be protected whether he stands alone or with the Na-tion. We must remember, too, the ten-dency of mankind to enforce upon others their opinions and their customs.Š W. A. Blakely. THE morality as derived from religion which the State needs will be best sup-plied by the confinement of its agency to things temporal and the entire omission Łon its part of any attempt to administer things spiritual. The State can do reli-gion no favor so great as to have nothing to do with it, and itself no favor so great as to let religion alone. The moment the two are put in alliance with each other both are injured.ŠSamuel T. Spear, D.D. GOD is the great moral Governor; to him every soul is responsible; to him every free moral agent must give account. To permit any power whatever to come between the individual and God, would destroy this individual responsibility to  God. If it were the province of the State to enforce the law of God, the individual would naturally seek to know, not the will of God, but the will of the State. And the effect would be to put the State in the place of God, just as the Papacy puts the Pope in the place of God, " so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." But God has no vicegerent upon earth. More Judicial Legislation in Tennessee. THE question of the competency of wit-nesses ig a vital matter in the trial of any case or in the discussion of any subject wherein parties differ. If by any means a witness, whose testimony is necessary to establish a certain line of evidence, can be excluded from giving that testimony, as incompetent to be heard in the witness chair, then from lack of proof of essential facts an unjust cause may be won and a good cause may be lost. Upon the subject of competency of wit-nesses the code of Tennessee, 1884, says :- 4560. Every person of sufficient capacity to un-derstand the obligation of an oath, is competent to be a witness. The succeeding sections of the Article specify certain exceptions wherein persons are or may be held incompetent to tes-tify,Šwhen guilty of certain heinous crimes, and when incapacitated by reason of special family or legal relations to the parties to the suit. But it is not once hinted that religious belief or unbelief enters into the question of competency in any degree. It would therefore naturally be supposed that it would be entirely un-necessary to go any farther in this investi-gation, so far as the jurisprudence and judicial decisions of the State of Tennessee are concerned,Šparticularly as the Consti-tution of the State expressly lays down the broad principle, that no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification for hold-ing office in the State, nor as a qualification for jury service. It would, therefore, be most natural to suppose the same princi- ple must continue of force throughout; and in a court where neither the judge who sits on the bench nor the jury upon whose verdict the life, liberty, or property of the party at bar may depend,Šif they can not be required to be of any specified religious creed, or to have any religious belief at all,Šthen, certainly, it would not be expected that any such discrimination would hold in the case of witnesses who appear before such a court. It would seem that the incongruity of such a dis-tinction would make this impossible, and the evident deduction from such a situa-tion,Šthat the professedly Christian or atheist prisoner would, in asserting his privilege to be tried by his peers, have the right to call for a Christian or atheist judge and jury by whom his case might be tried without prejudice,Šwould cause the ludicrousness of subjecting the witness to a religious test, which the Constitution prohibited applying to judge and jury, to appear so clearly that the possibility of its application to a witness would not be thought of. But the compilers of the code have at-tached a foot-note to section 4560, in which certain references are given thus:Š As to incompetency" on account of want of re-ligious belief, see 2 Tenn. 96; 1 Head, 125; 1 Swan, 411; 2 Heis., 653. Before acquitting the State of Tennessee on this count it might be well to consult these cases. The first (2 Tenn. 96) is that of State vs. Cooper, tried in the Superior Court of last resort, at Knoxville, in Sep-tember 1807. This case must speak for itself. After what has been seen of the spirit of the Constitution of the State on such a question as this and the broad statement of the code that, every person capable of comprehending the obligation of an oath is competent to act as a witness, no other testimony could be believed, which should say as does the caption of this case, " No person can be a witness who does not believe in a future state of rewards and punishments." The case is reported thus :Š In this case, a witness, Captain Buller, was pro- 