318 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Kellglolls Libutil ASSOGiati011 DEGUIRRTION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jeans Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. R. C. PORTER PRESIDENT. A. F. BALLENGER SECRETARY. Church and State in Iowa. A WAR BETWEEN THE METHODIST CONFERENCE AND THE GOVERNOR. <Gs THE Methodist Episcopal Conference recently held at Des Moines, Iowa, passed, among others, the following resolution:Š We protest against the policy of special execu-tive, clemency towards the violators of the prohibi-tory law, and respectfully suggest that it is the sworn duty of our chief executive to enforce said law rather than to wink at its violation and then insist upon its repeal because it is not enforced. In a speech at Tipton, Iowa, September 26, the Governor noticed this, and very fittingly remarked: If it is true, I am both in morals and in law guilty of the commission of a high crime, for which I should be impeached and consigned to a felon's cell, instead of occupying the position of chief magistrate of a great State. It cannot, therefore, be expected that any degree of deference for the profession in which these reverend gentle-men are engaged can close my lips when a charge so serious is made against me. Further along in his speech the Governor said:Š I fully recognize the individual rights of these gentlemen to mix politics with religion if they so elect. I cannot, however, help reminding them that there is a very strong aversion in the ordinary American breast to the mixing of politics and re-ligion. So strong, indeed, that in the fundamental laws of most, if not all the States of this Union, they will find express provisions completely divorc-ing the Church from the State. I think I can safely say that so far as worldly people are concerned they do not believe that our politics and religion can be mixed without convert-ing the entire mixture into politics alone in a very short time. I want to say farther that those who attempt to do this will sooner or later learn that their churches have become political instead of re-ligious organizations and that they must there-after be content to wield such influences over the consciences of men as other political organizations are able to do, and no greater or better. From this it is evident that the only result of this religious conference passing such a resolution is a war between the Church and the State. Let it be observed also, that in this war the Church is the attacking party. By passing this resolution it is attempting to dictate how the State should be run in regard to civil affairs, and the only logical inference is that had it the power it would step into the executive shoes and run the State. But this is, in embryo, simply Church and State united; that is, both the ecclesiastical and the civil power vested in one body. The " respectful suggestion to the Governor by this Iowa Metho-dist Conference is simply a mild threat that if he  does not run things about as they want them run he may hereafter feel the lash of the Church and hear the thunders of her excommunication, and worse than all--lose his office. But in all this they are NOT FOLLOWING THEIR PATTERN. Christ did not come protesting against the policy of the Roman Government under which he lived, and send up " respectful suggestions " to Cmsar that he should do his " sworn duty." He did not come to run the Government, but to call sinners to repentance and show all the way of life. His work was not to regenerate mankind through the power of law, but to lift up the fallen through faith in him; and this work he committed to his followers. However much good a church may have done, or however free it may have been from attempts to ally itself with worldly powers and unite Church and State, there can be no evading the fact that when it begins to dabble in politics and dictate to civil authorities how they should con-duct themselves in civil affairs it steps outside the pale of its rightful domain, and lays itself open to the charge of attempting to marry itself to the State. Its legitimate work lies in another line. W. A. COLCORD. Defends His Vote Against the Sunday Ordinance. IT will be remembered that the City Council of Bradford, Pennsylvania, last July voted adversely upon a proposed Sunday ordinance for which cer-tain of its citizens had petitioned, alleging that the proposed ordinance was unnecessary, as the State Sunday law of 1794 covered the same ground. They also stated in their report that that law was a dead letter, and that it was their belief that such a law belonged to the Dark Ages and should never have been enacted in the great commonwealth settled by William Penn and his Quaker friends. Not long afterward Mr. Crafts visited the place. In his lecture there he characterized the attitude of the City Council toward the law of 1794 as " an-archy," and remarked that over in Chicago "they hang anarchists' Referring to this statement, Mr. John P. Zane, a member of the City Council, in the Bradford Era, of September 1, says:Š Inferentially Mr. Crafts's method of purifying the morals of this city is to hang the members of. the select branch of the Councils. It is true this is a thorough way to silence an opponent, but the " world moves for all that," and moves onward and upward to a better and higher civilization. I plead guilty to voting to kill the Sunday observ-ance ordinance. I never have, and hope I never may, vote to punish or inconvenience any one who differs from my religious or political views. I have always, in my humble way, contributed to all the various churches in the places where I have lived. I believe in every one worshiping accord-ing to the dictates of his own conscience, and am willing to assist him in the opportunity of doing so. I consider the Sunday law of 1794 a relic of the Dark Ages, and in the present it is simply instrumental in religious persecution. No one is any better or happier for its existence, and good people of the Seventh-day Baptists, have suffered wrong by its enforcement. " A Sham Closure." WITH the foregoing title the following appeared in the editorial columns of the Chicago Tribune, September 9:Š The Chicago Herald calls attention to the fact that the pretended closed Sunday at the Philadel-phia Exposition was a sham. It says:Š " The Exhibition was indeed apparently closed, and it was actually closed to the common people. But it was open by official consent and connivance to officials and their families and friends. . So well known was this 'fact in Philadelphia that the thoughtful who, out of mistaken belief, had favored the closed Sunday, freely declared that if another Exhibition were held there it should be open to all the people." There is no doubt that our contemporary is cor-rect in its statement. It is generally admitted that thousands of the persons named enjoyed a nice  quiet inspection of everything within the gates on Sunday, but the artisans were locked out. The Herald and Tribune together would not make and indorse such a statement if there were no ground for it. And so it is clearly seen that when an institution is not enshrined in the heart, means will be found to evade it, either openly or under cover. A NATIONAL REFORM organ publishes the follow-ing from " a gentleman who has had a wide expe-rience in national legislative matters ":Š Those who are opposed to the opening of the World's Fair at Chicago on Sundays have a splen-did opportunity to get a law enacted by Congress this winter positively prohibiting the opening of the gates to visitors on Sunday, if they are ener-getic enough in embracing it. Under ordinary conditions it might have been very difficult to have persuaded Congress to legislate upon the sub-ject, but all difficulty will be removed when the World's Fair management makes its application for a loan of $5,000,000 from the Government. When the bill for that purpose comes before Con-gress it will be easy to offer an amendment thereto making the loan contingent upon the closing of the Fair on Sundays. If this be done and all of those opposed to opening the Exposition on Sun-days will take the trouble to make their wishes known to their Senators and Representatives, the amendment will certainly become a law and there will be no doubt in anybody's mind about the closing of the Exposition on the Sabbath. If this opportunity be not taken advantage of the Board of Managers of the Fair will, in my opinion, sanc-tion the opening of the Fair on Sundays. This opinion is based upon the actions of members of the Board. Attempt after attempt has been made to get the members of the Board to commit them-selves on this question, and there has been such unanimity in their replies to the effect that there was plenty of time and that they would not decide the question until just before the time for the opening of the Exposition, that I have come to the conclusion that they fully intend that it shall be open on Sundays, but do not care to so announce until it shall be too late to prevent it by Congres-sional legislation, which is the only way it can be prevented. There is little doubt that every possible effort will be made to secure from the Fifty-second Con-gress some substantial recognition of Sunday sacredness, a recognition that will serve as a prec-edent for all that is demanded by the American Sabbath Union and kindred organizations. The question is no longer, shall the Fair be closed ? but shall the Government of the United States commit itself to the support of a religious institution ? THE Baptist Association of Austin, Texas, at their recent meeting adopted the following resolu-tion Resolved, That we should organize in connection with all Christians of any or no name, to protect, by our influence and votes, the Lord's day, or Christian Sabbath, against the influences at work for its destruction. An association must think that the " Christian Sabbath" is desperately in need of help, when it is willing to organize with Christians of any or no name. The " mixed multitude " that went out of Egypt with the children of Israel presents to the mind the picture of a motley crowd; but it is left within the limits of the imagination; just what kind of an organization could be effected out of all Christians of any or NO NAME is quite diffi-cult' to imagine. It certainly would make a good crowd in which to develop bigotry and intoler-ance equal to that of the twelfth century. For when principle can be so far sacrificed that men are ready to confederate , with everybody regard-less of what they believe, it is hard to tell to just what ends they will go. It is evidently true that the Austin Association is quite out of harmony with many of the rest of their Baptist brethren. As a people the Baptists have a record for a firmer stand for principle than would be indicated by the foregoing resolution. THE rule of wholesome conduct is freedemeŠEvening Sun. 