132 THE A.NIERICA.N SENTINEL. for every man, when, as a matter of fact, they may be far less qualified than many men in pri-vate life. It is altogether a false assumption by National Reformers and their allies, that the Sabbath is for the purpose of securing to the people physical rest. The only Sabbath law that we know of is the fourth commandment, and that says nothing about man's nature requiring a weekly rest. The Sabbath was ordained for the purpose of worship, and for that alone. Of course, if it is observed, there is a. benefit physically, but that is only a secondary matter in connection with the Sabbath observance; and when professed Christians ap-peal for Sunday laws on the basis of man's phys-ical necessity, they virtually deny the morality of the Sabbath. Our correspondent says he never will support any law that takes from the citizen the right to observe his own Sabbath according to his own convictions of right. That is good, and we hope that after a little further consideration he will say with us, that he never will support any law that takes from the citizen the right to take his rest whenever he feels like it. National Reformers make the very specious plea that seventh-day people will be at full lib-erty to observe their Sabbath, even though a strict Sunday law be enforced. Now here 'is a query. Seventh-day people form a very small minority of the population of this country. Now if the Sunday-law advocates are sincere in their statements that they will lose their rest-day if they do not have a civil law to protect them, and to compel others to rest on that day; if they are sincere in their statement that " the liberty of rest for each depends upon a law of rest for all," how can they say that seventh-day people will have perfect liberty to keep their Sabbath even though a strict Sunday law be enacted ? If the great majority of people, who profess to regard Sunday as a sacred day, cannot keep it without a law enforcing its observance, how can the very small minority of people who regard the seventh clay holy keep that day with no civil law favoring it, but with a law which tends to compel them to use it for labor, by depriving them of one of their regular working days ? We apprehend that no one will attempt to harmonize this. As a matter of fact, seventh-day people can and do observe Saturday strictly with no law to favor them, and even with laws discriminating against them; therefore, it is a self-evident fact that Sunday people may, if they will, observe the first day of the week without any Sunday law. Therefore, it is evident, still further, that the only reason why they desire a Sunday law is that they may compel others, against their will, to keep the clay. Sunday laws are always and everywhere oppressive, immoral, and antichristian. E. X. W. Pagan. Tactics..  IT has been the policy of the promoters of re-ligious legislation in this country to attribute public calamities to our so-called infidel Constitu-tion, and urge as a remedy for storms, earthquakes, yellow fever, and small-pox, that we vote the name of God into our Constitution. A rehearsal of this superstitiois idea appeared in the Christian Statesman of March 7, in which the rain which fell on inaguration-day is attrib-Wed to the anger of God bemuse of the trains  which brought the visitors to the capitol running on Sunday. Does God smile when the sun shines and frown when it rains ? Is he, like mortals, subject to fits of impatience ? and does he manifest his displeas-ure by sprinkling his victims with rain-water? The idea, though apparently harmless, involves a dangerous doctrine, and if acted upon will make some person or class of persons responsible for every public calamity, and thereby bring down upon them the fanatical frenzy of the ignorant and superstitious. A quotation from " Neander's Church History" (page 92), will show how well this doctrine served the purpose of the pagans: " If in hot climates long absence of rain brought on a drought ; if in Egypt the Nile failed to irrigate the fields; if in Rome the Tiber overflowed its banks ; if a con-tagious disease was raging ; if an earthquake, a famine, or any other public calamity occurred, the popular rage was easily turned against the Christians." That an enlightened and Christian people should have recourse to the same tactics is most astonishing. Are the Christian churches annually burned down, blown down, and wrecked by lightning to be considered special objects of God's wrath, and those left standing of his special care? No, it is but one of the many absurd deductions from Na-tional Reform principles, andŁ received its rebuke 1,800 years ago from the lips of the Saviour when he assured his disciples that the men killed by the falling tower of Salome were not to be considered "sinners above all men which dwelt in Jerusalem." A. T. BALLENGER. -•  Ł t_ SundayLegislation. DO WE NEED IT ? AND IS IT RIGHT ? (From the Allegan, Michigan, journal.) EDITORS JOURNAL : As the Sunday-law ques-tion is receiving some attention at the present time, please, permit a few remarks upon it, touch-ing some points brought out in the recent meeting held in Union Music Hall in the interests of the Blair Sunday-Rest bill. It seems strange, indeed, that Christianity in past ages when championed by but few, has been able to maintain and defend its doctrines success-fully, not only in the absence of civil laws in its favor, but in direct opposition to such laws; but that now, with a numerical strength of boasted millions, it is compelled to appeal to the civil law to save, as is claimed, one of its most cherished and important institutions. We are led to inquire if it is the same Christianity. To resort to civil power it would seem is a confession of weakness on the part of the church. In explaining the bill it was stated that its nat-ture and intent were such that should it pass and be strictly enforced the people of Michigan would not know, so far as effects are concerned, that there was such a law. If this be so, we query why it was thought necessary to call a mass-meeting of the citizens of Allegan, to consider the bill and urge its passage. It might be well to call attention to that section of the bill which says : " The same shall be construed so far as possible to secure the whole people rest from toil during the first day of the week, their mental and moral culture, and the religious observance of the Sabbath-day." That will include the people of Michigan. It was also stated that no such thing as relig-ious intolerance or infringement on the rights of conscience is intended by the bill. Allowing this  to have been the sincere opinion of the speaker, the best way to ascertain what it may do is to learn what has resulted from the enactment of similar laws in the past. In the States of Arkan-sas and Tennessee, in the years 1885-86, quite a number of respectable citizens, who, after having conscientiously kept the seventh day, went quietly about their work on the first day, were indicted, fined, and imprisoned, in accordance with the strict Sunday laws then in force in these States. Some were prosecuted for no greater offense than digging a mess of potatoes for dinner on Sunday. Only a few weeks ago a former resident of Otsego, and an observer of the seventh day, was taken up, in Georgia, for splitting an armful of wood on Sunday. So, whatever the intent of the Blair bill may purport to be, laws which permit such intolerance, and the taking of such advantages, are dangerous, and should never be enacted. The bill prohibits certain things " to the disturbance of others." But this is a very treacherous and uncertain qualification. Some people are very easily disturbed. To many the bill may appear quite harmless, but beneath a fair exterior is couched a most splendid opportunity for the exer-cise of religious bigotry, and an open sesame for intolerence and persecution. The Fresno (Cal.) Expositor of January 17 has truly said : "Every despotism that ever cursed the world began in an innocent- way, but the beginning was not the end." Quite a different complexion is given to the ques-tion by those who are leaders in the cause, and have been longer in the way. The Christian Nation of September 28, 1887, said :Š , " Let those who will, remember the Sabbath to keep it holy from motives of love and obedience; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law. We 'have no option." Rev. M. A. Gault, a vice-president of the Na-tional Reform Association, says :Š " Our remedy for all the malific influences is to have the Government simply set up the morallaw, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hands on any religion that does not conform to it." And in a recent speech at College Springs, Ia., he said the means for accomplishing the de-sired object were four : (1) agitation ; (2) petition; (3) the ballot; (4) the sword and bullet. These sentiments more nearly accord with the actual workings of such laws as that which the Blair bill contemplates, where they have been tried. There is nothing in man's physical nature that indicates a needed rest of one day in seven any more than one in six, five, or eight. Night is the time indicated by nature for such rest. A law compelling men to go to bed regularly every night, would be a more reasonable one from a physical standpoint than one requiring them to rest one in seven. The great design of the Sabbath was for a vastly higher and altogether different purpose, of which physical disengagement is but a necessity in the case. The Sabbath command is to remem-ber the day " to keep it holy," not because we are tired, but because " in six days the Lord made the heavens and the earth, . . . . and rested the seventh day." The day, to be of profit, must be employed in religious pursuits. A day of enforced idleness would prove a curse rather than a blessing, for Satan always finds some-thing for idle hands to do. The Christian Statesman of April 4 says:Š " Labor ceases on that day [Sunday] ; wages paid on Saturday are still, to some extent, in the hands of workingmen. The Sabbath is the great opportunity 