THE AMERICAN SENTINEL..: 325 ness represented are to be selected, upon whose cases the law will be tested. This Baltimore Grand Jury has before made recommendations in reference to the enforcement of Sunday laws, but has not rested until it has made for itself a record of being the first Grand Jury in the United States to systematically under-take to revive the medievalism in law which has been permitted to survive upon our' statute books. It will be well that this fact, with all its suggestiveness, should be remembered as this movement progresses. The National Reformers have selected Pittsburg as the point of departure for their efforts, and W. F. Crafts is reported as saying in a lecture there on Sunday, October 11, that " a movement would b® started at an early day that would startle the' citizens of the United States," and that Pittsburg had been selected as the starting point of this reform wave which is to sweep the country." All intelligent citizens should have been startled long ago. It is now "high time to awake out of sleep." W. H. M. A Piece of Sophistry. MANY and ingenious are the sophistries of those who seek to justify the existence and the enforcement of Sunday laws. This was well illustrated in a lecture given by a Sunday-law advocate, at Hillsdale, Michigan, recently. The speaker's great plea was that Sunday laws could be justi-fied upon sanitary grounds. He asserted that " a normal night's sleep does not bal-ance a normal day's work," and that therefore a man must have one full day's rest in seven or he will run behind in his " oxygen." This is pure assumption. It is contrary to reason and common sense. It might as well and as truthfully be as-serted that one day's rest in seven does not compensate for the loss of oxygen in six days' labor, and therefore after every six weeks of labor man must have a week's lay off. On the other hand, if this theory were true, then the man who works very little or none at all would soon have an over supply of oxygen, and the human machinery would become vi-talized to such a degree that it would go to pieces in a short time. But such is not the case. The facts are simply these: While the day, the month and the year are indicated in nature, and the time for physical rest and recuperation by the regularly recur-ring daily periods of darkness which in-duce sleep, there is nothing in nature in-dicating the division of time into weeks. The grass grows as fast, the waves dash as high, the sun shines as bright, the storm beats as fiercely, on the Sabbath as on other days. The Sabbath was insti-tuted by God for worship, for religion, primarily, and not for rest because of  physical weariness. God did not intend that man should work himself to death. Man in his primeval condition no more needed one day in seven for physical rest than the birds of the air or the beasts of the forest. The Sabbath was made for spiritual devotion, to keep in mind the Creator, the true God, and the cessation from worldly toil (for that is the meaning,  of the Hebrew word for Sabbath, " cessa-tion," and not rest) is only a necessary concomitant to that devotion and to the perpetuation of such memorial. No physician onset of physicians ever have demonstrated, or ever can demonstrate that man in a normal condition needs one day in seven for physical rest simply. But were this theory true, there would still be no ground for laws compelling men to take such rest. 'All are agreed that men need nightly rest; but who, would admit the right of Congress or of the State Leg-islature to pass a law that everybody must go to bed every night and take so many hours of sleep? The nightly rest is of vastly more importance than weekly, monthly, or yearly holidays can possibly be. No one can go long without daily rest, and not break down. Why does he not plead for a nightly rest law ? Con-sistency would demand it. But the health of the people is not what he is after. There are many other things that are necessary to man's physical well-being besides rest; such as food, sufficient, air, bathing, recreation, etc. Why does not this lecturer stir up the people to de-mand laws that will require all to inhale so much air, or to bathe so often ? Sim-ply because he is not laboring in the in-terests of the health of the people in his harangue for Sunday laws. What he is after is the religious observance of the day. But his method of bringing this about is wrong. People are not going to be made religious by law. As he said, " You might as well try to put handcuffs on the clouds" as to attempt this. But the attempt has often been made, how-ever, though always with the same result Šreligious persecution. The King case of Tennessee, and others in that State, and the States of Pennsylvania, Illinois, Georgia, Missouri, and Arkansas are con-vincing proofs that the enforcement of Sunday laws is the making of this very attempt. Sunday laws are dead letters only when they are enforced by the de-mands of religious bigotry and intoler-ance. They are most convenient means for one religionist's giving vent to his spite toward another with whom he does not agree. The National Reformer says they are " simply empty aisles between the work benches with no kneeling stools along the side." But no' man, no set of men, Congress, Legislature, or munici-pality has any right whatever to drive men into those aisles. Sunday laws are irreconcilable with civil and religious liberty. And every prosecution under  them is an attempt to make men kneel down on those kneeling stools along these aisles of idleness, of which this Reformer say there are none. But he will find, as has already been demonstrated, that, as in the case of those Hebrew captives which Nebuchadnezzar commanded to bow down before the image he erected in the plain of Dura, those at least who observe the Sabbath enjoined in the fourth precept of God's law will not kneel. With them, they will say to whatsoever earthly power or potentate shall make the demand, " Be it known unto thee, 0 king we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." W. A. COLCORD. "Pity 'Tis 'Tis True." IN making mention of Miss Willard's fifty-second birthday, celebrated on the 28th ult., the Chicago Evening Journal says:Š There was a time, years ago, when the Woman's Christian Temperance Union commanded respect. It devoted itself with singleness of purpose and with pious energy to the extirpation of the liquor-traffic; and whatever opinion people entertained on the liquor-question, they all bowed down before the wonderful earnestness and disinterestedness, the prayers, the tears and pleadings of the cru-saders. ,If the institution had maintained until now the characteristics it displayed then, it is pos-sible that prohibition doctrines might have over-run the whole country. But like everything else human, prosperity has been the bane of this organization. It is now little better than a sorosis. It is a social and polit-ical reform-clique, dabbling in everything from new styles of corsets to female suffrage, but espe-cially and always female suffrage, in Church and State. Its singleness of purpose, its lofty motives and its self-forgetfulness are all gone. Nothing is left but the " canker and the worm " of ambition, intrigue, pride, politics and display. As for tem-perance reform, the ladies. have forgotten there ever was such a thing, except as a pretext for fe-male suffrage. The situation is condensed in an amusing interview Miss Willard had not long since, in Washington, with Cardinal Gibbons to whom she had asked to be presented. "Very glad indeed to meet you, Miss Willard," said the Cardi-nal courteously and innocently, " very glad in-deed. I think I have heard that you felt some in-terest in the temperance question; have I not ?" That -the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union is mad 'tie true ; 't is true, 't is pity; And pity 't is, 't is true. " A foolish figure " Miss Willard cut in the interview with the Cardinal, but the whole association of which she is Presi-dent stands just where she does. The name they bear has become'a misnomer; for the Union is now little more than a woman's club, for political, rather than for Christian, purposes. " The glory is departed " from the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and by their own grasping after political power they have caused " I-chabod " to be inscribed upon their banners. " RIGHT wrongs no man." 