THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. 47 "Do intelligent people think that what they have seen of the nature of popular government Ša thing which cannot rise higher than the average intelligence and virtue of the voting massesŠis such a thing as they would like to confer spiritual authority upon ? Do they really think religious liberty so poor a thing that they would part with it so basely? Instead of elevating our politics by dragging religious administration into them, they will drag down religion to the level of our politics. "Even in the individual affairs of religion, men do not treat it as an abstract element which is to execute itself. They associate themselves and form organizations to interpret its law and to carry it into life. " So a State religion cannot be a mere abstrac-tion. It must have form 'and expression and a corporeal existence. A State religionŠthat is, the declaration of spiritual authority and spiritual duties in the StateŠmust have a State church to define it. In fact, the State must be the church. Those agitators for an amend-ment to confer religious power and duties on the State are not conscious how cheaply they are proposing to barter away the priceless pearl of religious liberty. But they must see that they are laying down doctrines which will make it necessary to keep the political machine in their own hands in order to save their own religious liberty, and thus that they are peril-ing the rights of conscience upon the chances of political control." National Reform Opposed to True Protestantism. THE principles of the National Reform Party are essentially papal. Opposition to that party is essentially Protestant. The success of that party will be the subversion of every principle of the Reformation, and the triumph of the principles of the papacy. The following ex-tract is from the "Augsburg Confession," read before the Emperor Charles V., and the Impe-rial Diet June 25, 1530. It presents the true, Christian, and Protestant doctrine of the posi-tion that should be occupied by the Church and the State respectively. This is not the doc-trine held by the National Reform Party; therefore that party is anti-Protestant. The people must awake to the fact that the conflict between the Reformation and Catholicism, be-tween Protestantism and the Papacy, is not yet ended. "Many have unskillfully Confounded the epis-copal and the temporal power; and from this confusion have resulted great wars, revolts, and seditions. It is for this reason, and to re-assure men's consciences, that we find ourselves constrained to establish the difference which exists between the power of the church and the power of the sword. " We, therefore, teach that the power of the keys or of the bishops is, conformably with the word of the Lord, a commandment emanating from God, to preach the gospel, to remit or re-tain sins, and to administer the sacraments. This power has reference only to eternal goods, is exercised, only by the minister of the word, and does not trouble itself with political admin-istration. The political administration, on the  other hand, is busied with everything else but the gospel. The magistrate protects, not souls, but bodies and temporal possessions. He de-fends them against all attacks from without, and by making use of the sword and of pun-ishment, compels men to observe civil justice and peace. " For this reason we must take particular care not to mingle the power of the church with the power of the State. The power of the church ought never to invade an office that is foreign to it; for Christ himself said: My kingdom is not of this world.' And again: Who made me a judge over you ? ' St. Paul said to the Philippians: I Our citizenship is in Heaven.' And to the Corinthians: ' The weap-ons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God.' " It is thus that we distinguish the two gov-ernments and the two powers, and that we honor both as the most excellent gifts that God has given us here on earth." Liberty-Loving Presbyterians. THE first body of ministers of any denomina-tion, to openly recognize the act of Congress in issuing the Declaration of Independence, was the Presbytery of Hanover, Virginia. At its first meeting after the Declaration, they ad-dressed a memorial on the subject of Church and State, to the Virginia Assembly. The fol-lowing paragraph from that memorial by those liberty-loving Presbyterians, we commend to the consideration of the National Reform Party, whose active public workers so far have mostly been Presbyterians. We should like to see them meet these sturdy principles so well stated by the Hanover memorialists. " In this enlightened age, and in a land where all of every denomination are united in the most strenuous efforts to be free, we hope and expect that our representatives will cheerfully concur in removing every species of religious as well as civil bondage. Certain it is, that every argument for civil liberty gains additional strength when applied to liberty in the con-cerns of religion; and there is no argument in favor of establishing the Christian religion but may be pleaded, with equal propriety, for es-tablishing the tenets of Mohammed by those who believe the Aleoran; or, if this be not true, it is at least impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome. . . "Neither can it be made to appear that the gospel needs any such civil aid. We rather conceive that when our blessed Saviour declareb his kingdom is not of this world, he renounces all dependence upon State power; and as his weapons are spiritual, and were only designed to have influence on the judgment and heart, of man, we are persuaded that if mankind were left in the quiet possession of their inalienable religious privileges, Christianity, as in the days of the apostles, would continue to prevail and flourish in the greatest purity by its own na-tive excellence, and under the all-disposing providence of God. "We would also humbly represent that the  only proper objects of Civil Government are the happiness and protection of men in the present state of existence; the security of the life, lib-erty, and property of the citizens, and to re-strain the vicious and encourage the virtuous by wholesome laws, equally extending to every individual; but that the duty which we owe to our Creator,' and the manner of discharging it, can only be directed by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the universal Judge." " To illustrate and confirm these assertions, we beg leave to observe, that to judge for our-selves, and to engage in the exercise of religion agreeably to the dictates of our own con-sciences, is an inalienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated, and the reformation from popery carried on, can never be transferred to another." The First Six Months. THE time of those who subscribed for the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL for six months, expires with this number, also the time of those to whom the SENTI-NEL was sent in lieu of the Signs Supplement. We trust you are pleased with the SENTINEL and hope that you will send us your renewal promptly. Terms: single subscription 50 cents; or the paper one year and "Marvel of Nations," post-paid, for $1.25. The SENTINEL, in clubs of five copies, to one name and address, for $2.00; ten or more copies at 35 cents each. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Cor. Twelfth and Castro Streets, Oakland, Cal. New Premium Offer. WE will send the Pacific Health Journal one year to any address, and the " Practical Manual of Health and Temperance," post-paid, for $1.00. Or the Journal one year and the two books, viz., " Temperance and Gospel Songs," and "Diphtheria: Its Causes, Prevention; and Proper Treatment," post-paid, for $1.00. SMITH'S DIAGRAM OF PAR-LIAMENTARY RULES, ŠSHOWINGŠ THE RELATION OF ANY MOTION TO EVERY OTHER MOTION, AND ANSWERING AT A GLANCE OVER 500 QUESTIONS IN PAR- LIAMENTARY PRACTICE; ŠTOGETHERŠ WITH A KEY CONTAINING CONCISE HINTS AND DIRECTIONS FOR CONDUCTING THE BUSINESS OF DELIBERATIVE ASSEMBLIES. A work designed for Students, Teachers, Professional Men, all who may be called upon to preside over business meetings, all who ever have occasion to take part in business proceedings, and all who may wish to inform themselves on the important subject of Parliament. ary Rules. 'The subject is here presented under AN ENTIRELY NEW ARRANGEMENT, By which a great amount of information is presented to the eye at once, in a MsaysLorfsvr CONDENSED Foam. By an ingeniously-devised system of diverging and converging lines, all the rules applying to any given motion, and all the motions coming under any given rule, are presented at one view, FACILITATING IMMENSELY the acqui. sition of a general knowledge of this subject, and furnishing to a Chairman instant information on any point upon which doubts may arise. IT IS TO THE STUDY OF PARLIAMENTARY PRACTICE WHAT A MAP IS TO THE STUDY OF GEOGRAPHY. Bear in mind that every member of a deliberative assembly should understand parliamentary rules as well as the Chairman, to avoid the mortification of moving out of order. Size of Diagram, 121 by 61 inches, printed on bond paper. A key is appended to the Diagram, containing full explanations, hints, and directions for conducting deliberative proceedings, printed on fine ealendered paper, with ornamental colored border. The whole is put up in neat muslin covers, embossed in jet and gold, convenient and durable for pocket use. Price, by mail, post-paid, single copy, . - 50 cents. Agents wanted in the Western States. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. 