16 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. RELIGIOUS larliF.'rS4SOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We belleVe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious qUestions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conŁ science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religiouSt legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in ,estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. - OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. C. ELDRIDGE, President. W. A. COLCORD, Secretary. Seventh-Day Adventists and the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association. THAT Seventh-day Adventists are the progenitors and prime movers of the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association should neither be concealed nor denied by any member of the Association or of the de-nomination. There could be no more use in denying this than there could be in de-nying that Methodists took the first step in the organization of the American Sab-bath Union, or in denying that the Re-formed Presbyterians are the originators of the National Reform Association. And what is more, when we come to examine the principles and objects of these differ-ent organizations, we find that so far as the denominations are concerned, there is no more cause for shame in the first case than in either of the latter two; while the principles and work of the latter two organizations named, are directly subver-sive of civil and religious liberty, and, though unintentionally so it may be, tend directly toward a union of Church and State,.the objects of the National Religious Liberty Association are to call the atten-tion of the people to the true principles of civil and religious liberty, and sound a note of warning against the uniting, in this country, of Church and State. Rev. Z. R. Ward, a prominent Method-ist minister, of South Dakota, attempted to criticise the National Religious Liberty Association, in the Parker (South Dakota) Press, of March 14, 1891, in the following manner. He said : It is simply the Seventh-day Adventists carrying on their controversies Under different aliases, as the NatiOnal Religions Liberty Association, The American Sentinel, etc. - To this we replied in the .same paper, under date March 28, as follows That SeVenth-day Adventists are'p.iiine in this Association is true; but it is:-alieltrne that members of Other denentinatiOnS:06aigig connected with' it; and advocate A fetter just received froinVest Sunbury, PelMSYlvania, dated March'12, 1891:Say's '     Last October I sent you one dollar to have my name enrolled as a member of the National Religious Liberty Association, for which I have your receipt, dated October 28. Therefore, I idouwillxntrustr3 w ithl  leaflets literature  forgis- t=on Itincicouddoagoowotin  the  iresbytean Church,  of which I am a member. I was a subscriber to The American Sentinel in Oakland and ever since, and approve its teachings, all but its leaning toward the seventh-day Sabbath. I shall look for literature. Ł As to aliases, we might inquire why Mr. Ward does not come with his full name, and tell us that he is Rev. Z. R. Ward, of the Methodist Episcopal Church [to his articles he- signed himself simply " Z. R. W."], and that that church, in 1888, took the initiatory steps in organizing an association called the American Sabbath Union, the object of which, according to article 3 of its Constitution, is "to preserve the Christian Sabbath as a day of rest and worship," and to seek to preserve it thus by law P Is he ashamed of any of these things ? He seems anxious to bring the controversy into de-nominational lines. But when he does this, he should not forget that he has a denomination of his own to defend. Have not Seventh-day Ad-ventists as much right to form an association to oppose religious legislation as have the Methodists to form one to favor such legislation ? If the principles are sound, the origi-nators and advocates of them need not be ashamed to show their colors. And of the Declaration of Principles of the National Religious Liberty Association, Mr. Ward, in the Parker Press of April 11, is forced to say :Š This Declaration of Principles is quite unobjec-tionable. . . . They are very good. They are just such as all evangelical churches of Christendom believe in. It is just what the Methodist Episcopal Church believes in, and what the American Sab-bath Union is organized to protect and defend. To this we replied:Š Well, we wonder! Then, where is the cause for disagreement ? But let us see. Let us read the fourth Principle: " We deny the right of any civil Ł government to legislate on religious questions." Does Mr. Ward and the Methodist Church indorse this ? If so, why is it they are demanding the civil Government to enact a national Sunday law, and clamoring for stricter State Sunday laws, when such laws are legislation upon a religious question? We think from the above it will be seen that whether the controversy comes be-tween the different organizations as such, or between the religious denominations' which gave birth to them, the question simply narrows itself down to the princi-.  ples and objects of each association, and must, after all, be settled upon its merits. If the objects of the American Sabbath Union and the National Refe7rm-  Associa-tion are bad, they cast just so much re-flection upon the denominations which originated them; and -if, on the other hand, the objects of the National Relig-ious Liberty Association are good, by so much has 'the denomination which gave it birth whereof to be proud. And the fact that members of other denominations can indorse the principles of the National Religious Liberty Association, become members of it, and engage in the distribu-tiOn of- its literature, and that even its avowed enemies-are -forced to confess that those principles are good, speaks volumes in its behalf. W. A. COLCORD. .THE :Supreme Court- of Pennsylvania has 'decided - that Sunday shaving is illegal in that State. Ł THIRTEEN barbers of Philadelphia have been fined four dollars and costs, each, for_ shaving customers contrary to the Sunday ordinance. A MOVEMENT iS On foot to open the Public Library in Portsmouth, Ohio, on Sunday, and the entire ministry of the place are opposing it with all their might. -s. THE police authorities in Buenos Ayres have closed the Salvation Army hall in that city, asserting that the army is not recognized by the Church. The Salva-tionists have appealed to President Pelle-grini, on the ground that the action of the police is a violation of religious liberty. THE ministers of Cincinnati are waging quite a war on Sunday baseball. The Enquirer states that it looks as though there will be no baseball Sundays. Is it possibleŁ for a purely civil law to make anything a crime when done one day in the week, that when done on another day ministers and all can enjoy as perfectly harmless ? This civil Sunday farce is so thin that it can be seen through from all sides. DURING the first month of his summer lecturing.tour for the Sunday Union, Mr. Crafts reports twenty places visited, and says :Š Without an exception, a local Sabbath committee or rest day league has been organized in each place visited. He outlines the remainder of his route, " with variations, somewhat as follows : May, eastern Iowa, northern Illinois, and Wisconsin; first half of June, Minnesota; last half of June, South Dakota, Ne-braska, western Iowa, and northeastern Kansas; July, Minnesota, Wisconsin, and northern Illinois; August, Ohio, Michi-gan, Indiana, western New York and northwestern Pennsylvania; September, New England and New Brunswick; Oc-tober, western Pennsylvania and New York." Ł-Ł-Ł THE editor of the " Pearl of Days " says he asked a distinguished citizen of another State What are some of the chief causes of the non-enforcement of Sunday laws ? And the answer returned was :Š No law will enforce itself, therefore somebody must see that it is enforced. It is unnecessary to say that this obligation is on the executors of the law. But what if they are remiss in their duty ? Then somebody must see to it that the officers of the law do their duty, else step down and out. Who will do this ? The transgressors of the law ? No. The disbelievers in the sanctity of the Sabbath? No. The careless and indifferent ? No. Hence to My mind the chief cause of the non-enforcement of our Sabbath laws is found in the indisposition of Christian people to demand their rights and to give the politicians to understand that the only use we have for them is to see first that good laws are en-. acted, and, second, that these laWs are enforced. This continual insistence upon the idea - that it is the duty of those who wohld be considered Christians to pray and pros-ecute is sure to bear fruit sooner or later. 