AUGUST 23, 1894. 259 sanctification of Sunday. Tho Scriptures enforce the religious observance of Saturday, a day which Łwe never sanctify. In " Catholic Belief," a standard Cath-olic work, published in this city by BOB-;6iger Brothers, and indorsed by Cardinal McCloskey, June 5, 1884, we find this on :page 251, from the Creed of Pius IV. :Š I most steadfastly admit and embrace the apostol-ical and ecclesiaStical traditions,] and all other observ-ances and constitutions of the same church. The daggar refers to a foot-note as follows :Š f That is, I admit as points of revealed truth what the church declares the apostles taught as such, whether clearly or not clearly expressed or not even mentioned in the written word of God: as, for instance, that baptism is to be conferred on infants, that Sunday instead of Saturday (called the Sabbath) is to be kept holy: and moreover, I admit those points of disci-pline which the church holds as established by the apostles, or by their successors as lawful rulers of the church in the early centuries of Christianity, such as points of liturgy or of church government. We have italicized the salient part of this note to call attention to the fatal con-fession which it contains in reference to two cherished dogmas of so-called ortho-doxy. Priest Elliott will have to add this and the cardinal's book to his Index Ex-pwrgatorius. But it will be hard for him to conceal the naked truth. The fact is as it is, and it would be none the less 'a fact if every papist in the world denied it. There is no scriptural authority for Sun-day, and this politic priest knows it. It may have been " bad policy " for the Catholics to tell the truth on this point; but they have told it as their published works abundantly prove. True Protestantism. A CORRESPONDENT calls attention to the too prevalent idea that the term " Protes-tant" applies to "all who are not Roman Catholic," and asks that the SENTINEL aid in correcting that idea. This the SENTINEL is doing and will continue to do. It is true, non-Catholics are not nec- essarily Protestants, but it is also true that many professed Protestants are not Protestants at all. The word " Protestant " as applied to those who oppose the papacy, is derived from the word "protest,"which appeared in the famous document presented by the dissenting princes at the Diet of Spires, April 19, 1629. The Diet of Spires, in 1526, decreed reli-gious liberty, but in 1629 the Roman Catholic princes proposed to annul the decree of 1526 and declare instead that "the-ministers shall preach the gospel, explaining it according to the writings accepted by the holy Christian [Roman Catholic] Church." Against this proposed decree the princes who espoused the Reformation protested in the following noble words:Š Moreover, the new edict declaring the ministers'shall preach the gospel, explaining it according to the writ-ings accepted by the holy Christian Church; we think that, for this regulation to have any value, we should first agree on what is meant by the true and holy Church. Now. seeing that there is great diversity of opinion in this respect; that there is no sure doctrine but such as is conformable to the Word of God; that the Lord forbids the teaching of any other doctrine; that each text of the Holy Scriptures ought to be explained by other and clearer texts; that this Holy Book is in all things necessary for the Christian, easy of -understanding, and calculated to scatter the dark-ness: we are resolved, with the grace of God, to main-tain the pure and exclusive preaching of his only Word,. such as it is contained in the biblical books of the Old and New Testaments, without adding any-thing thereto that may be contrary to it. This Word is the only truth; it is the sure rule of all doctrine  and of all life, and can never-fail or deceive us. Ile who builds on this fOundation shall stand against all the powers of hell, whilst all the human vanities that are set up against it shall fall before the face of God. For these reasons, most dear lords, uncles, cousins, and friends, we earnestly entreat you to weigh care-fully our grievances and our motives. If you do not yield to our request, we PROTEST by these presents, before God, our only Creator, Preserver, Redeemer, and Saviour, and who will one day be our Judge, as well as before all men and all creatures, that we, for us and for our people, neither consent nor adhere in any manner whatever to the proposed decree, in any-thing that is contrary to God, to his holy Word, to our right conscience, to the salvation of our souls, and to the last decree of, Spires. This was Protestantism in the 16th cen-tury, and it is true Protestantism in the closing years of the-  19th century. True Protestantism says: " There is no sure doctrine but such as is conformable to the Word of God." He who teaches or prac-tices contrary to this is not a Protestant. True Protestantism says: " The Lord for-bids the teaching of any other doctrine." He who teaches any other doctrine is not a Protestant. True Protestantism pledges itself " to maintain the pure and exclu-sive preaching of his only Word, such as it is contained in the biblical books of the Old and New Testaments, without adding anything thereto that may be contrary to it." Where true Protestantism is found to-day this pledge is maintained. When the civil power attempts, to pro-hibit the exercise of this great privilege and duty, either in precept or practice, true Protestantism arises in its Christian manhood and refuses either to " consent " or " adhere in any manner whatever," and makes its protest in the face of kings, princes, " lords, uncles, cousins and friends," and " before all men and all creatures." This is trne Protestantism; but it is more, it is true Christianity, and none but a true Christian can be a true Protestant though he may be opposed to the Roman Catholic Church and belong to an anti-Roman Catholic society. We recommend to our correspondent and to all others-who wish to examine this matter further and do missionary work among their neighbors to secure copies of a little thirty-two- page tract, entitled, " Protestantism, True and False," pub-lished by the International Religious Lib-erty Association, and for sale at the SEN-TINEL office. A second edition of this tract has just been issued, which contains three appendixes of valuable new matter. Those who read the tract on its first pub-lication Ought to :get a' Copy of the second edition, price 4 cents, $2.00 per hundred. Acting Like "Protestants" in Maryland. THE Sun, of the 8th inst., had the fol-lowing:Š QUEBEC, Aug. '7.ŠA French Baptist mission has recently been established in this city with its head-quarters in a building on Bridge Street, not far from its intersection with St. Joseph Street. Yesterday's Le Lecteur contained a reference to this mission and erroneously styled it the Salvation Army. Last night a mob estimated at 5,000 persons gathered round the place and began throwing stones at it. Those in the mission at the time were the Rev. Mr. Burwash, of Grande Ligne, general evangelist; Mr. C. W. Grenier, Grande Ligne, ,missionary ; Grrenier, Mlle. Des- jardines, and Mr. Taylor. The attack was a fierce one, and windows and doors soon yielded to the shower of stones. The missionaries were without any means of defense and were held prisoners until after some time a force of policemen came along and cleared the crowd away somewhat. The mob left the Baptist mission and went up to the building at the corner of George and Richelieu Streets, which is now occupied by the French Epis-copal mission. This place, too, was battered with stones, the windows being destroyed. Before the time that the police came up the rioters had moved on to the Salvation Army barracks on Palais Hill, - Another broadside of stones was fired and the prop-erty of the army sustained considerable damage. The girls who occupied the place were obliged to flee. The police again arrived too late to make any arrests, and hearing that the gang had again made for the Grande Ligno mission house on Bridge Street, they started in cabs for that place, where they arrived just in time to prevent a second riot. The streets were cleared as thoroughly as possible and the missionaries were then escorted to their home by the police. A similar disturbance led to serious results a few years ago, To-night's papers say that if the police are unable to cope with the 'rioters and to preserve the peace and protect all law-abiding citizens in worship-ing according to the dictates of their own consciences, they should say so at once, and the military will be called out to do it for them. As it is, the tax-payers will have quite a bill to foot as a result of last night's riots, and not a single person has been arrested. Services will be again attempted at the mission house to-morrow. This is very similar to the way in which certain so-called Protestants in various parts of Maryland act toward Seventh-day Adventists. Is such conduct any less justifiable in one case than in the other ? -0-. Have Protestants Got Out of Rome? WAS the Reformation of the sixteenth cen- tury a true and complete reform in princi-ple, or was it only partial and incomplete in its principles and consequences ? Let the following reflections by Ridpath, in his " Cyclopedia of Universal History," vol. 2, page 615, answer. After stating that the Diet of Augsburg, September 1555, produced a religious peace, which was more than a name, in that freedom of wor- ship and equality of rights before the law were freely and fully granted, he proceeds in the next paragraph as follows:Š It is to modern times, and ever will remain, a matter of surprise, that even in this rather liberal settlement of the religions troubles in Germany, the principles of a true reform, of a genuine emancipation of the human mind and conscience, were still unrecognized. A clause was put into the treaty, that the people should not change their faith until the prince had first changed his ! Thus, in substance, was reasserted by the Reformers themselves that very doctrine which they had renounced at the outset as unbiblical and opposed to reason. As a matter of fact, under the rule adopted, the people of the Palatinate of the Rhine were, in the age following the Diet of 1555, obliged to change their faith four times from Catholic to Prot-estant, and back again, in a vain endeavor to conform to the beliefs of their successive rulers! Such facts as these may well lead us to inquire for a moment into the true nature of the Reformation. The trouble with the reform party of the sixteenth century was that it proceeded unconsciously under one principle of action, and openly avowed another. One motive was, so to speak, hidden in the breast of the movement, and another was given forth as the reason of the insurrection. In fact, the Reformation tended to one result; in its avowed principles to another. The Reformers said that they set themselves against the authority of the Church, only because that authority had become abusive. They admitted the principle of [Church] authority almost as absolutely as the mother church herself. They claimed to fight against the abuses of authority only. But, in fact, the inovement was against the principle of authority. Thus the Reform-ers were soon obliged to disown the logical results of their own work. The actual tendency was to emancipate men from ecclesiastical and dogmatic thralldom ; but this the Reformers durst not allow. They were afraid to admit the doctrine of religious freedom. They denied that their labors were to that end. They affirmed that their work was to substitute a legitimate for an illegitimate authority in the Church. But what was a legitimate authority ? Should the Church decide that question for herself ? If so, that was what Rome had said from the begin-ning, mid Protestantism was already on the high road to run the same career as Catholicism had run, and to arrive at the same miserable end. For, suppose that the Church had declared her authority, and the individual judgment and conscience rejected the deci-sion, what then ? Would Protestantism punish and persecute the heretical ? Her avowed principles de-clared she must, and her practices soon showed that she would. And for more than three centuries the fatal results tZf this false assumption of authority, which in the very nature of a genuine Protestantism cannot exist, has distilled its deadly dews in the world.  a   Asresult of this misapprehension or cowardice on 