138 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. followers, separated themselves from all their former associations and were hunted fof their lives; when they fled to Medina, and-  raised a greater folloWing that pres-ently brought on WarŠwas not that a divis-ion ? And was not Mohammed, with his fdllowers there separated, cut off, from the great body of the nation because of their religious faith ? There was certainly a di-vision. Mohammed by his teachings and influence caused that division. That di-vision was the origin of the Mohammedans and therefore the Mohaminedan.s in their origin were. a sect, and if the Moham-medans were then a sect, they are a sect still: The Mohammedans therefore cer-tainly do form a sect. There may be in-deed, as the Advocate says, -sects among them, but the sects among them would come in much the same way as the sect its-elf came in the beginningŠby separat-ing, dividing, on some points of doctrine. It is the same way with the Jews. We presume that the Advocate uses the term " Jews " to define Israel as a people, and not simply the descendants of Judah. Take them in their origin, beginning with Abraham, did not Abraham separate him-self from his own people in religious things, and did he not separate himself from his own people actually, because of his religious faith ? Was there not a division, and was not Abraham's descend-ants always separated from the peoples and the nations round ? Did not the Lord make them separate ? As surely as they were divided from their own kindred as well as from all the other people around about on account of their religious faith, so surely were they a sect, and so surely are they still a sect. And Christians are a sect. At the origin of Christianity there was a separation, a marked division. The first Christians were Jews, separated, cut off, from the great body of the people with whom they belonged, They were separated from their own parents, their own brothers and sisters, in virtue of a special doctrine which they held. There was a marked division at the day of Pentecost, and for-ward. We might go farther ° back, but from that time the distinction was clear and the division absolute. Christians then certainly formed a sect; in the very nature of things it was so. Christianity therefore was at that time, and in the true sober sense of the word, sectarian. Chris-tianity pertained to those' who were Chris= tians, and these formed a sect. More than this, there is not' a single definite form of religion in the world whose professors do not form a sect, and which is not, consequently, sectarian. The only thing in this respect that is not sec- tarian, is the religious faculty itself. Men' are born with the religious faculty, and if this faculty always manifested itself in every individual on the earth in exactly the same way, and through the same forms of worship, there would be no such thing as a sect, and there would be no sectarian-ism therefore in the world. But this faculty is developed, and manifests itself, in many different ways. And in as many different ways as it does manifest itself, so many divisions there are, consequently so many sects. The Mohammedans are therefore,a sect; the Jews are a sect; the Brahmins are a sect; the Buddhists are a sect; Christians Ł are 'a sect; and the religion,. therefore, professed by each one of these is sectarian. Christianity is sectarian as certainly as Mohammedanism is. Christianity forms a division of earth's people in religion as cer-tainly as does Mohammedanism. Chris-tianity is cut off, separated, from the great majority of the world's people, and from all fellowship with their religious forms and faiths, as certainly as any profession could be. Then as the word sect means something cut off, to separate, a division, it is only a plain, fair use of the word to say that Christians form a sect. And it is no title of reproach at all therefore to accept the true, fair meaning of the word and say that Christianity is sectarian. The trouble is that the bigotry of sects has attached to the word a meaning of re-proach, and it is almost invariably used in that sense and to convey that idea. And from this all the different denominations, the different sects, that is, have become so afraid of the sentiment of reproach that has been instilled into the word, that they dare not preach that which has made them the distinct denominations, the sects, that they are; but must needs confine themselves to mere generalizations, and so have robbed themselves of the strength which attaches to definite truth firmly be-lieved, definitely stated and insisted upon. If there was more love for truth, even the truth in regard to the word sect or sec-tarian, and less fear of reproach, it would be much better for all the sects. But so long as people fear the reproach, more than they love the truth, of what they pro-fess to believe, so long will there be such a dread of anything sectarian as will rob them of all the virtue of the truths which they hold. Undoubtedly Moses was held to be in-tensely sectarian when he chose the re-proach of Christ more than the honors of Egypt. Paul we know, with all his fel-low Christians, was held to be sectarian. They were distinctly called a sect, and rightly so, according to the definition of the word. The Saviour distinctly says that he came to send division. Paul defi-nitely commands, " Come out from among them, and be ye separate." That is sec-tarianism; it is the right kind of secta-rianism too. If there were more of it in this land which boasts so much Christian-ity, those who profess the Christianity would not need to be calling upon the United States Government for help in causing Christianity to be received, and its institutions observed. A. T. J. A Baptist Doctor on Sunday Laws. A BAPTIST Bible Conference was held in the First Baptist Church, at Oakland, April 2, 3, 4. Several subjects were con-sidered, among them being the " Lord's day," Rev. Daniel Read, LL. D., in--tructor. This gentleman is a thorough scholar, having been president of an Illi-nois college for some years, and withal a strict observer of Sunday, so much so, that when he came to California he paid one hundred dollars extra for his con-science, so that he and his family could stop over on Sunday instead' of travelling on that day. His subject in the regular program of the conference dealt only with the relig-ious phase of the question, he of course, holding that Sunday was of divine author-ity. At the close of the lesson the ques-tion was asked, "Doctor, do you believe in a Sunday law ? " The answer came at once," No, sir." " But do you not be-lieve in a Sunday law for the protection of workingmen ?" The reply was that workingmen are already protected. But, it was urged, "Here is a railway which runs on Sunday and employs on that day one hundred men; ought not those men to be protected ?" The Doctor's reply was "They are protected. No one can compel them to work. You have no right to say the railroad may not run on that day, or that people shall not go to picnics on that day, or work on that day. It is a sin for men to break the Sabbath, but with that matter we have nothing to do. They have a right to employ men on the Sab-bath, if men wish to work." The doctor said that his brethren seemed to have wrong ideas about protection. Men are now protected against working on Sunday. The railroad could not com-pel a man to work if the man did not wish to labor. No man could be com-pelled to sin. The railroad men simply give men their choice, work or quit. They could quit and-seek work elsewhere. But, the question was further urged, " Sup-posing it was work or starve ?" " Then," said the Doctor, "let them starve. Men have endured greater things than that for conscience' sake. You would not have Christians a lot of children would you ?" - The doctor went on to show that Sunday law would make men worse, for if they desired now to cease labor to wor-ship God on Sunday, they could do so ; and if they did not wish to spend the time in that way, all that a law would result in would be compulsory idleness; and Sa-tan always finds something for idle hands to do. And then when would we stop this legislation ? We do not believe that the laboring man would get any good at the Roman Catholic Church. The Uni-tarian Church dishonors Christ. Men had better be at work. To be logical we would not _on,ly have to compel people to attend church, but 'would have to compel 