268 AMERICAN SENTINEL. we, the members of this House, do agree to be and ap-pear inotir seats on such occasions, devoutly, and in order to listen, and after a certain time to pay him $500. [This sum was afterward increased.] . . . "'It is, sir, to avert this deleterious example, and prevent the insinuation of religious denominations by sects, into this House, that I urge a reconsideration, that we may not exercise powers not granted, and may prevent a union of church and state.' "Mr. Rice Garland was glad the motion had been made, as it would give him an opportunity to record his vote against the resolution for the appointment of a chaplain. He had keen enough -in this hall to prevent him from ever supporting a resolution for the appoint-ment of a chaplain for this House. He had seen the claims of ministers urged upon this House upon the ground of political predilection, and one had been se-lected upon the sole ground that he was a friend of the President of the United States. "'There is a regular system of electioneering for the office of chaplain, and the general inquiry is, "Does he make short prayers ?" the person making the shortest prayers being the greatest favorite. Besides, while the chaplain is making his morning prayers, a large portion of the members are reading newspapers, or walking about the, hall. In fact, the service is nothing more than a solemn farce, and I trust that the House will dispense with the chaplain.' "Mr. Wise was supported by Mr. Nisbett and Mr. Slade. "Mr. Crabb said he was one of those opposed to the appointment of chaplains for that body. He thought they had no right to appropriate the public money for such a purpose. "Mr. Cooper: 'I ask gentlemen to put their hands on the authority by which they would take the money of their constituents and pay it over to a chaplain. Tell me, where is your authority for appropriating the money of the people in this way? Believing, as I do, that such power would be dangerous, I would be the first man to persuade the people to take it away, and thus sever all connection between church and state.' "Mr. Craig spoke in favor of maintaining chaplains. "On a call for the previous question, but twelve votes were recorded against the chaplains.Š[Cong. Globe, 1st session, 26th Congress, pp. 83 to 85. "But the moral influence of these twelve votes, and of the speeches which had been made in their justifica-tion, was' great, and laid the foundation for stronger op-position thereafter. "In the meantime, tile disgraceful squabble over the chaplainship, in order to secure the $500 per annum, was continued. "On the 7th of December, 1840, Mr. Cooper, in the House, asked leave to introduce a bill to repeal the laws then in force fixing the salary .of chaplains. Leave was refused; but the vote against the chaplains was now in-creased from 12 to 21 . . . Š[Cong. Globe, 2d session 26th Cong., p. 38. "At different times, especially in the 29th Congress, remonstrances were presented against the election o. chaplains. "Mr. Pettit claimed that the chaplain was an uncon-stitutional officer. "Mr. Chapman said whenever he was called on to  act, with the Constitution on one hand, and his personal safety on the other, he had but one alternative. If any gentleman could show him any authority, either consti-tutional or otherwise, to vote the people's money to such a use as that contemplated in this resolution, he was prepared to vote for it most cheerfully; but until then, neither to promulgate the gospel nor any other creed, would he take the money of the people and apply it to any unconstitutional purpose. "He knew very well that in this case precedent might be pleaded, and gentlemen might refer to the uniform practice of the House; but with him precedent did not weigh one straw. The Constitution was his guide; and though it could be shown that the House had been per-petually in the breach of that instrument from the very foundation of the Government, he was ready to take all the consequences of refusing to vote. "He was excused from voting. The resolution was adopted, the House refusing to order the yeas and nays.ŠCong. Globe; vol. 15, pp. 40, 41. "In the House, on the 22d of December,1845, thirteen nominations for chaplain were make. Election on third ballot. "On this occasion, Mr. Pettit made the following protest:Š " 'It is clear by the Constitution of the United States that this House of Congress cannot legislate on the sub-ject of religion. I therefore believe that it is a direct and palpable violation of the Constitution to foster in any form or manner any religion whatsoever; or to pay out one dollar, ay, one farthing of the public money on that object. Believing so, I ask to be excused from voting.' "Mr. Sawyer, of Ohio, desired, also, to be excused from voting, because, he said, he had conscientious scru-ples, and did not believe that he could vote, consistently, with the oath he had taken. Both were excused.Š[Cong. Globe, vol 15, p. 92. "Petitions and remonstrances against the practice continued to be presented. "March 22, 1850, in the Senate, Mr. Underwood, of Kentucky, presented petitions, asking Congress to abol-ish the office of chaplain, and henceforth to refrain from all legislation on religious subjects. A portion of one of the petitions was read. "The petitioners said, among other things, 'I national chaplaincy, no less than a national church, is considered by us emphatically an "establishment of re-ligion."' "In the House, Feb. 28, 1860, Mr. Millson, having offered a resolution to proceed to the election of a chap-lain, stated it was a resolution offered to complete the organization of the House. "Mr. Burnett said: 'I would be glad to know whet* the gentleman from Virginia gets his authority. If there is anything in the Constitution, anything in the laws, anything in the rules of this House, authorizingŁ  the election of a chaplain, and making his election neces-sary for a complete organization of this House, I have never seen it.' `March 5, 1860, in the House, Mr. Millson offered a resolution for the election of chaplain, claiming it as a question of privilege. "Mr. Houston said: 'It cannot be a question of privilege, unless a chaplain is by law a part of the 