AMERICAN SENTINEL. 551 and the committees have printed instructions sent them. So all work harmoniously to-the one end of saving the Sunday institution. To those who will pay five dollars for the literature, five certificates are given, to give to whomsoever the donor chooses; and a cyclopedia of instruction contain-ing 687 pages is superadded. They have laid their plans to carry their work into all towns of more than a thousand inhabitants before the century shall close. More than one hundred workers are engaged directly in the work, and a large majority of those who are un-acquainted with the real nature of the work will aid them among the clergy and the people. What will be the ultimate end of the work of these modern agitators of a state religion? None but the student of prophecy now know. The bishops of the times of Cyprian and Augustine wrought no more earnestly for Sunday laws than these men of to-day are doing. But those bishops, by encouraging religious leg-islation, brought about an age of dark superstition and blood, when to obey God at the expense of disobeying the ruler of the state church, brought down their lives to martyrs' graves. Cruel, indeed, were those times! And shall we resurrect the monster that wrought such evil? Shall we give life to another such religio-political power? Then will we see modern martyrs. Yea, we are seeing them. This work should be opposed by every possible up-right means. I distributed leaflets to the congregation who listened to the abOve lecture, showing the nature of their work, and shall continue to oppose it in this State. Humbug Religion. "SoME students one day disjointed ten or a dozen bugs of different kinds," says Dr. Munhall, "and then artistically constructed one bug out of parts of all the others. The professor of natural history in the univer-sity was old and quite near-sighted. They placed their bug on a table, and, calling him in, said: 'Professor, we have made a most extraordinary find! Here is a bug, the like of which we have never seen or heard about. Can you tell us what it is?' "The professor, adjusting his glasses, took a look, and then said, 'Young gentlenien, this is a humbug.' "But now, some professors who claim to be very learned specialists have, from many sources, gathered numerous theories which they declare are wonderful im-provements upon the religion of the Bible, and when these theories are adjusted we have the most striking and peculiar creature the world has ever seen. And this creature the professors are trying to palm off on their students as an evolution of the religion of the Bible and a great 'improvement of the same, and in order to make it popular they call it 'the twentieth century religion.' But I call it humbug."ŠReligious Review of Reviews. The Young Girl and the Foolish Mother. A NEW ORLEANS judge has decided that a girl in this country is of age at seventeen years, when her choice in a matter is such as will serve the interests of the-Catho-lic Church. The Sun, of this city, gives this statement of the case:Š "NEW ORLEANS, August 31.ŠA curious case,the out-growing of the Cuban revolution, was decided by Judge St. Paul, of the Civil District Court, this morning. It was a habeas corpus proceeding brought by Mrs. Ade-lina Prieto, of Cienfuegos, to get her daughter, Maria Teresa, 17 years old, from the Sisters of Mercy. Mrs. Prieto was a refugee from Cuba in the early days of the Cuban war. She brought her family to New Orleans, where she placed Maria Teresa in the Convent of the Sisters of Mercy. She herself returned to Cuba, recov-ered her property, and became wealthy again. She then sought to recover her daughter, but the girl had become a novice of the order and wanted to become a nun. The question before the court was whether a girl of 17 could decide her own future and abandon home to become a sister four years hence. Judge St. Paul denied the de-mand of Mrs. Prieto and gave the girl to the guardian-ship of the sister superior. An appeal was had to the Louisiana Supreme "eourt." This is as much as any mother has a right to expect who is foolish enough to place her daughter in a convent. It Makes Makes a Difference. WHEN we present the claims of the law of God in the matter of Sabbath keeping, and urge the importance of observing the seventh day "according to the command-ment," we are met with the plea that we are not under obligation to keep the law; that the gospel has nothing to do with law; that the Christian religion is enforced by the power of love, etc., etc. But when it comes to Sunday observance, the appeal is based on the author-ity and power of law, ana mere human law at that. The Bureau of Reforms, with headquarters at Washing-ton, together with most of the organizations for special reform purposes, seek to gain their objects through civil law. They have no other suggestion of reform but by the power of civil government. God's standard of re-formŠhis Holy WordŠseems to have lost its power for good in the estimation of human law reform ers.ŠSigns of the Times. HUMAN wisdom is not as wise as it seems to be. The man who invented a perfect method for the culture of the memory forgot his hat. The man who wrote a book instructing mankind "how -o live a hundred years" died at thirty-eight. The woman who wrote a book to prove that there is no death hasl,uried two husbands. 