A M E RICAN SENTINEL. 361 News, Notes, and Comment. WHEN Mr. Blackstone wrote his famous "Commenta-ries," on English law, the union of Church and State in his country was much closerŠmuch more of a reality, and less of a formŠthan it is now. The conception of mutual agency as a characteristic of the relation between the two was thoroughly implanted in the minds of the learned, as well as the illiterate. It was, indeed, a postulate of thought, everywhere, something not to be debated, or examined into, but to be accepted, as a matter of course, like the changes of the seasons, or the ebbing and flowing of the tides. RARE is the mind that rises above the zeitgeist or "time-spirit" of its age. There was once a Man who did this, and they crucified Him. And years afterward, fol-lowing His teaching and example, there was one Roger Williams, and him they banished into the wilderness, to starve or freeze, as the case might be. Perhaps we should not be too severe on Mr. Justice Blackstone, because to soar into a purer atmosphere of thought and perception than that by which he was immediately surrounded, was a task beyond his powers. None can deny his intellect-ual brilliancy; but moral strength and independence are by no means the invariable accompaniments of high men-tal development. BUT to attack ideas is not ,to vilify or depreciate men. These last are in themselves but instruments whereby ideas are propagated, and commended to the favor of humanity. Men come and men go; ideas, once enunciated, never die; they may affect fewer persons as the ages roll along; they are modified, threshed over, put into new shapes, as circumstances change; they are sometimes apparently ignored for a while, or supplanted by their own progenyŠby other ideas which they have suggested, and brought into effective being; but their es-sential attribute is immortality, and they breed forever and ever. AND, as men are but the channelsthrough which ideas are conveyed to other men, there is no real common measure of value between the man and the idea. In the great Republic of Thought, all men are equal, as well as free. Truth, which is the only law of the mind's domain, is no respecter of persons. Before her august tribunal, every abstract proposition is tried, and stands or falls according to its merits alone. However able and exalted the advocate, however keen and subtle his argument, however clever the disguise in which a fallacious doctrine may be decked out, the remorseless "Roentgen ray" of right reason is turned on, and casuistry is detected and condemned. THIS is not the teaching of Loyola. The great "Saint" Ignatius was fond of his famous theory of "prob-ability." He held that there were many cases in which we might safely accept certain things as true, not because they commended themselves to our individual judgment, but merely because of the source from which the asser-tions came. "You might, yourself, be inclined to doubt this, if it appeared in a book by an unknown author, or if it was told you by a person whose character for dis-crimination and sincerity you esteemed to be lower than your own, or at least no higher; but you will be fully justified in accepting it, notwithstanding your private doubts, as a matter which is probably true, if you get it from a person whom you concede to be more learned and more intelligent than you are, and whose candor you re-gard as unimpeachable"Šsuch is the substance of Igna-tius Loyola's doctrine of "probability," if I apprehend it aright. Now this doctrine of "probability" pervades our ju-risprudence to an amazing extent. It is so rooted in many legal minds that ridicule is the reward of him who questions the conclusions of certain eminent jurists, when he is not visited with the scorn and wrath that "blas-phemy" awakens among men of another stripe. "Who are you, to question the verity of a principle indorsed by such a man as Mr. Justice Blackstone? Who are you, that you set yourself up as a critic, and doubter, when Judge Marshall has made his ruling, or the great Story has formulated his theory of the Constitution? Do you suppose it is probable that you are right, and such men as these are wrong? Are you so vain and presumptuous as to imagine that such a thing is even possible?" I HAVE suffered before now, in my time, from the animus which finds expression in such interrogatories as are here given, and I am afraid lam likely to suffer again. But it cannot be helped. I must insist upon it,, that, if the race is to get any profit whatever out of the continu-ous battle of ideas, it is essential that every proposition shall be analyzed, dissected, weighed, considered, debated, and accepted or rejected per se, and utterly irrespective of the source from which it emanates. There is no qual-ity of intelligence or morals, high or low, about the preacher which affords any final reason for either accept-ing 'or rejecting what he says. A scoundrel may evolve a sound moral proposition; a fool may utter a wise thing; a profound philosopher may sometimes chance to drivel. APPROACHING Mr. Blackstone, then, with all due re-spect for his extensive learning and his remarkably clear and accurate way of setting out his matter, yet with no awe of his grandeur, and no predisposition whatever to adopt his conclusions simply for the reason that they 