if any Man Hear My Words,' and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World.-    NEW YORK; APRIL 4, 1895. NUMBER 14.      Amtrican Sentiol. PIJSIASDED WEEKLY 'BY THIC PAelPlr-PNESS PilaLISHING' COMPANY, ' No. Ł 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entei-ed at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, /. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, EDITORS. A. F. BALLENGER, ASSISTANT EDITOR. THE PAPAL POWER AND THE IMPENDING POLITICAL CRISIS. 'THB Roman'Catholic Church declares that the'World is on the eve of a great political crisis; and she is right. The same church further declares that she is the only force in the world that can pro-nounce-  the "pax vobikum," that- can jaeace,'in!' the-1'6°Mb* stOrin. Is she righty We propose to deal with this matter in a most practical 'way; first, by asking-  and an-swering "the-qubStinn, What is the record of the Roman Catholic Church as regards rioting and 'mob. violence ? The church of Rome was born, both as regards doctrine and supremacy; in riot and bloodshed: The councils that established - her creed. Were scenes of -mob Violence; second only to the French Revolution.' The supremacy of . the church'of Rome was acquired by the cruel, rapacious destruction of the Herulian, Vandal, and Ostrogoth king-donis, by `such' papal champions as' the savage Clovis.' Her creed and supremacy have been perpetu-ated by violence and bloodshed. One of the Many proofs of this 'statement is found -in the murderods marches of Roman Catholic mob's against the Albigenses. We' quote from Cath-olic 'authority: "Innocent [III.] proclaimed a crusade 'or holy war, with' indulgences, against ' Albigensian .heretics, and requested Philip II., the king of France, to put himself at its head.. The king refused, but permitted any 'of his vassals to join it who chose: An army was collected composed largely of des- , 1  For a condensed grouping of the testimony of the stand-ard historical authorities, descriptive of the character and spirit of the early Councili.  which established the creed of the Roman'  atholic Chitroli, see " Two' Repuhlics," chapters 14- 19. Review and Herald Publishing Co., Battle Creek, Mich. 2  See "TWO Republics," chapter 22, and " Thoughts on Paniel'and r:the Revelatien," chapter 7. Review and Herald Publishing Co., Battle Creek, Mich. peradoes, mercenary soldiers, and adventurers of every description, whose sole object was plunder. . . . The war opened in 1209, with the siege of Balers and the massacre of its inhabitants. . . . The war lasted many years and became political; in its progress great atrocities were committed, Languedoc was laid desolate and the provincial civilization destroyed. Peace was made in 1227 and the tribunal of the Inquisition established soon after."' Another historical event bearing on this matter is the massacre of St. Bartholomew. On this occasion, according to the Roman Catholic historian, Bossuit, twenty-five thou-sand Huguenots were butchered by Roman Catholic mobs. And the " infallible " pope, Gregory XIII., stamped the approval of the church upon the fiendish act, for " as soon as ;the news was received in Rome; the can-nons of St. Angelo were fired, a solemn Te Deurn was sung, and the pope struck a medal bearing on the one side his own portrait, and on the other a picture rudely representing the massacre."' With these facts and multitudes more that stain the pages of human history and are patent to all the world, the Roman Catholic Church which the Word of God calls the " mystery of lawlessness,' has the brazen effrontery to proclaim herself the one and only available power that can control the lawless in the soon-coming social revolution. There are those who will attempt to apolo-gize for this lawlessness by saying that it was the result of the times, and that civilization has mollified the church, that the church of to-day, and especially in America, is vastly different from the church of the Middle Ages. For the benefit of such we will narrow the discussion to the Catholic Church in the United States in 1895. Here and now the church is on her good behavior. Here she is by every means in her power attempting to pose as the author and conservator of both civil and religious liberty, and the only power that can save the country from social and political ruin in the approaching crisis. But just at the time when she was so elo- I Catholic Dictionary, "Authorized American Edition," Benziger Brothers, New York; "Printers to the Holy Apostolic See," 1893. Article, "Albigenses." 4  " Schaff-Herzoc Encyclopedia of Religious Knowledge," Funk and Wagnall's Co., New York, 1891. Article, " The Mas-sacre of St. Bartholomew's Day," 6 2 The-s. 2 : 7. (R. V.) quently arguing for these pretensions, an event occurred at Savannah, Ga., demanding an ex-planation. This event was a determined at-tempt on the part of a Roman Catholic mob to kill an ex-priest by the name of Slattery, who was advertised to, speak in that city against-Catholicism, February 26. We know nothing of Mr. Slattery. The Catholic Church gives him a bad name, and says the riot was, due to this fact; but this does not palliate the crime, nor is it an excuse, for the same mob violence has greeted Father Chiniquy both in this country and Canada, and no attempt has been made to brand him as an immoral man before he left the church. The following abridged description 'of the riot is from the Sun, which Roman Catholic's will not remise of misrepresentation:Š SAVANNAH, Feb. 26.ŠFor five hours to-night the city was in charge of a mob and on the verge of a re-ligious riot. The entire white miliMry force of the city, except the artillery, was on duty. There are ten infantry companies in, the militia and the Georgia Hussars, the latter being dismounted. The actions of a mob estimated at 4,000, the greater part being Catholics, caused their summons to duty. . . . For three days it had been apparent that trouble was brewing, because the city was placarded with notices that ex-Priest Slattery and his wife, desCribed as an ex-nun, would lecture here to-night on Cathol-icism. Members of the Ancient Order of Hibernians at once took steps to prevent their appearance here. Petitions were circulated asking Mayor Myers to refuse to per-mit Slattery to appear. . . . " I cannot stop this man from lecturing," said 'the mayor, who is a Hebrew, "but I can prevent disorder and I will do so. If the police have not sufficient force to do so, the military will be appealed to. Riot will not be tolerated." . . The lecturer had hardly begun before bi4Ok-bats and cobblestones began to rain in through the win-dows. The police had closed all the heavy inside shutters, and this saved the audience from injury, only two or three persons being injured by' flying glass. . Before nine o'clock the mob had grown to probably between 3,000 and 4,000 persons. Window after win-dow in the Masonic Temple was smashed. Cries of "Kill him," "Down with Slattery," "Death to the renegade," were heard. Chief McDermott summoned the mayor. . . . The mob hissed at the police and hooted at their orders to disperse. The military alarm, eleven tap§ on all fire bells in the city, was sent in. When' it sounded the mob derided. " Bring on youi military," some of the leaders shouted. " They can't save Slikeli." . . . The military were deployed so as to drive the" InYSrI back and to form a hollow square about the ball. While a consultation between the commanding officers and the mayor was held. Capt. John R. Dillon, one 