AMERICAN SENTINEL. 387 0 Liberty! What Crimes are Charged to Thee! Henry H. Harrison, in New Orleans "Times-Democrat." THE flag our patriot fathers reared, when Freedom had its birth, Is floating now o'er distant lands, halfway around the earth; It waves o'er many a gallant charge where conquered foes go down; It waves o'er many a field of blood, o'er many a blazing town; It waves o'er heaps of wounded men who writhe in mor-tal pain; It droops o'er many a noble heart that ne'er will beat again; It waves o'er men who left their homes to set the Cubans free: 0 Liberty! 0 Liberty! What crimes are charged to thee! It waves where mighty warships rend cities with burst-ing shell, O'er streams where swollen corpses float, unburied, with the swell, O'er piles of torn and mangled dead, amid the jungle's gloom, Where wretched natives stood and died for Liberty and Home. It waves where wives and children fly in terror from the flame; And all this Devil's work is done, 0 Freedom, in thy name! We burn and slay, and waste their landŠthat we may make them free! 0 Liberty! 0 Liberty! What crimes men charge to thee! Is this in truth the Patriot Flag which Washington un-furled, The Red and White and Blue which means Freedom for all the world, The flag that gives a freeman's home to those who lost the Boyne, The flag to which Cornwallis bowed, which waved above Burgoyne? Is this the promise Liberty gave those who hailed her birth? These flames-the light that Freedom gives to a benighted earth? Is this the meek and lowly Christ we preach with torch and shell? And do we serve the Prince of Peace? or work the will of Hell? Would not the men of '76 adjudge such work amiss? Would Putnam or Fayette have foughtŠwould Warren die for this? Was it for this Pulaski came far o'er the Western sea, And Koskiusko and DeKalb, to die for Liberty? Was it for this three hundred died amid the Randolph's wreck? Was it for this Montgomery gave his life before Quebec? Would Greene, Wayne, Schuyler, Stirling, Knox, Mor-gan, or Gates, or Lee, Would Washington have led this host, this war for Lib-erty? Is this to be the end of all for which the Patriots fought? Is this to be the end of all the Friends of Man have taught? Is this to be our loftiest aim through all the coming yearsŠ An empire built with fire and sword, and stained with blood and tears, An empire built of subject lands, a tribute wrung from slaves, A progress marked by bleaching bones, by ashes, and by graves? And shall we leave the path of peace, of human brother-hood, To substitute the reign of steel, the ruthless rule of blood? And Carthage, of the crimson hands, red with the blood she spilt, Seeks to avert her coming fall, to make us share her guilt. The ruthless robber of the world that groans beneath her rod.  Would wake the Yankee lust for gold, the tiger-thirst for blood. Shall we send fleets and armies forth, subject to her com-mands, To help her guard her stolen spoils and plunder weaker lands? Shall pirate fleets and armies bear the flag our sires un-furled, And make the Yankee robbers' name accursed through the world? No! lower the freeman's Stars and Stripes; the Flag of Blood and Gold Would better mark our mission now than that we bore of old. When we, who war in Freedom's name and Christ's, can do these things, Then is it strange that other lands prefer the rule of kings? The strong may trample down the weak, and spoil, and burn and slay, But yet the Tagals' cause will have another judge some day, When they who waste the Tagals' land stand at the bar of God, And answer for each scattered bone, each bloodstain on that sod. .10-+-414  Sunday in Porto Rico.ŠOne who has made a special study of present conditions of life in Porto Rico, as affected by the long rule of Spain and the Catholic Church, writes us as follows touching the bearing of his observations on the alleged necessity of Sunday ob-servance: "Four hundred years of labor in Porto Rica with no day of rest, has not resulted in any physical harm to the people. There is no weakness among them that cannot be directly traced to other causes; and no one has ever pretended to mention the failure to keep 