POINTED PA RAPHS 716 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Theirs not to reason why Theirs not to make reply Theirs but to do and die." This was presented as a parallel to what is expected of the members of the Methodist church to its officers,Šthe bishops, presiding elders, pastors, deacons, etc. As applied to God our Sovereign Ruler, or to Christ the Captain of our salvation, I could admire the illustra-tion; but putting the officers of the church in the place of God, clothing them with absolute authority,enjoining upon the members the surrender of their private judg-ment and their unquestioning obedience, appeared to me like followinein the footprints of the papacy. I could not help contrasting this sentiment with the teaching of Christ in Matt. 20:25-28: "We know that the princes exercise dominion over them and they that are great exercise authority upon them; but it shall not be so among you; but whosoever will be great among you let him be your minister; and whosoever will be chief among you let him be your servant. Even as the Son of man came not to be ministered unto, but to min-ister, and to give his life a ransom for many." "One is your Master even Christ; and all ye are brethren." RODNEY S. OWEN. MAASACITUBETTS. A CRUSADE against -the opening of the barber shops on Sunday has been opened in Boston, and warrants have been issued against three shops connected with hotels for violation of the Sunday laws. This is the result of a united effort on the part of the International Barbers' Union, the Boston Barbers' Union, the United Labor Union, and the New England Sabbath Protective League. Several arrests have also been made in Lynn recently for violation of the law against fishing and gunning on Sunday. The rapid advancement of the Sunday law movement over the country carrying along with it many of the labor organizations, under the deception that they are to be benefited by it, by having their inherent rights curtailed by law, ought to be a cause of serious alarm to all lovers of liberty. Many fail to see the true character of this Sunday movement from the fact that it is covered up under the plea of "The Civil Sabbath," "Humanitarianism,"etc. In conversation recently with one of the leaders of the Sunday movement in New England upon the efficacy of a law compelling employers to give their employes a day of rest one day in seven, which he favored, and which would meet every require-ment of humanitarianism, which is so strongly em-phasized by Sunday law advocates, the question was asked whether if such a law could be passed he would favor the abolition of the Sunday laws. His reply was, "No; their purpose is to maintain ithe Christian Sab-bath." And there is abundant evidence to show that that is the sole purpose of all Sabbath organizations in the country. A law that would meet every demand of a "civil'  sabbath" by giving an opportunity to rest one day in seven, but which does not enforce the observance of any day as a sacred day; is not what the Sunday law advocates want; what they want is to have their own views of what they believe to be the sacred character of a particular day of the week, which they call the Chris-tian Sabbath, enforced by the power of the State upon every one: The right of belief, or choice, is denied by them to every one who does not agree with them. This is intolerance. They cannot tolerate a course of action in others that is not in harmony with their own belief as to the sacred character of the first day of the week. . The rapid revival of this spirit of intolerance in the country bodes it no good, for it will npt be satisfied with Sunday laws alone, but will only be content when the civil and religious rights of the people are entirely subverted. GEO. B. WHEELER. MEn are civilized to the extent that they can dis-pense with arms.ŠBourke-Coehran. FROM all present indicationsthe world will get its fill of bloodshed before the winter closes.ŠLowell (Mass.) Citizen. SOTDEEP-SEATED, so universal is the human passion for liberty that all tyrants have been compelled to cloak their tyrannies behind pleas of defending the lib-erties7of the people. And even a tyrant rejoices at newer of the victory of a people engaged in a struggle for liberty in which he has no personal interest.ŠN. Y. World. "THE belief grows," said the New York Press the other day, "that we shall annex Mexico." Various facts indicate:to that jubilant advocate of destiny "that we shall go on expanding until both continents are ours." Yet whenever some South American' state shows signs of uneasiness over the possible extensionist designs of American imperialists, the great organs of imperialism gravely assure it that its apprehensions are groundless. ŠSpringfield Republican. THERE seems, to say the least of it, something un-dignified in the spectacle of the pope, who claims to be the representative and vicegerent on earth of Him who said; "My 'kingdom [is .'not of this world," sulking by 