742 AMERICAN SENTINEL. eran Church lost 272 members and the Reformed 155, of whom 382 connected themselves with the Roman Cath-olic Church. This still leaves a plus of nearly 3,000 ad-ditions to Protestantism in German Austria for the comparatively short period of six months. In Vienna alone the number of accessions to the Protestant churches was 1,269. These data are furnished by the government itself, which is antagonistic to the Protest-ant agitation, and can be regarded as reliable.ŠThe Independent. "The Pope's Attitude." BY M. W. HEALEY. THE following clipping is taken from the Los Angeles (Cal.) Times:Š "THE POPE'S ATTITUDE. "INSURGENTS WILL RECEIVE NO SUPPORT FROM CATHOLIC CHURCH. By direct wire to the "Times." "WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.Š[Exclusive dispatch.] In support of the pope's attitude toward this country, es-pecially in relation to the Philippines and Cuba, Arch-bishop Keane said to day:Š " 'The pope has accepted the result of the war be-tween the United States and Spain, and has determined that the priests in the islands which passed from Spain to America shall support the American Government in all things. He has no sympathy with the insurgents in the islands, and they will receive no support from the church, any more than they would have been encouraged by the priests in their revolution against Spain. On this subject the pope is firm. He still retains affection for America and Americans. "'Archbishop Chappelle has just been made an apos-tolic delegate to the Philippines, and has announced that the church in those islands must, be brought to conform with the American Church in every respect. The church there is to be brought into full sympathy with the church in this country.'" The pope is a genuine acrobat in changing his atti-tude. At the opening, of the war between the United States and Spain he was blessing the Spanish arms, but in so mild a way that he could easily, in case of need, express great love for the prosperity of the United States; and, notice, "He still retains affection for Amer-ica and Americans." Again: "The pope has accepted the result of the war between the United States and Spain." Since he has every favor shown him by this country it is not at all strange that he "still retains affection for America," though she whipped Spain in spite of his prayers and blessing. It is not very remarkable that he "has ac-cepted the result," seeing he was powerless to help it. But where can one find more audacious presumption than he is represented with in these words? "He has no  sympathy with the insurgents in the islands, and they will receive no support from the church, . . . On this subject the pope is firm." Indeed! What a friend to America to have no sympathy with a revolution which was from the beginning of it a revolution against the intolerable domination of the priests of Rome. For the authority of Spain in Cuba and the Philippines was merely the authority of the church of Rome. Do these dignitaries of Rome think that the people have no knowledge, no intelligence? The prophet Daniel truly said of him that his "look was more stout than his fellows." Dan. 7:20. On a par with these statements from Rome, is one I once herd a priest make in a public discourse on the "History of the Church," that "Rome was bitterly per-secuted by Martin Luther." One would think that an intelligent people with facts of history so fresh before them would give no counte-nance to such statements, and would look with pity if not contempt on parties making them. But it does not seem to be so. Daniel said in chapter 8, verse 25: "And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand." Surely his craftiness prospers; the Gov-ernment and many people of America seem to think the "friendship" of Rome the one desirable thing, though nothing but her own selfish ends prompts her in all this, and she is ready to change positions, or make any state-ments to advance them. Stars, Stripes and Cross. BY ROYAL HUBBELL. OVERZEALOUS religionists are clamoring for a cross in the flag. A country's flag represents the glories of war and conquest; great achievements won by shedding of blood of patriots or hired soldiers; fighting for their idea of right, or for money or for fame. But the cross of Christ represents the shedding of innocent blood for the salvation of men. What common grounds can the cross have with the stars and stripes? The professional soldier's main idea and hope is personal advancement : Christ's teaching, all the way through his life, was personal abasement. Luke 22 :26. " But he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger and he that is chief, as he that doth serve." The stars and stripes go into every one of our coun-try's battles; and stay in the midst of the din and carnage, as long as there is hope of winning. Imagine this flag : " Old Glory," blood smeared and bedraggled, but waving over Uncle Sam's troops as they are about to rout a stubborn enemy. Imagine further, the great general riding furiously up to encourage his men to the final victorious rush. He gazes from the struggling flag bearer to the emblem above his head. Intermingled with the stars.and stripes is the cross of 