AMERICAN SENTINEL. 211 become as little children," trusting the Father in heaven with implicit confidence, as a little child trusts its father on the earth. 1 11 Ł 4 4 The Fate of Arbitration. THE well-meant scheme of securing perpetual peace be-tween two great "Christian" nations by means of a treaty of arbitration, seems not to be proving a success. The proposed treaty in its original form provided that,Š "The high contracting parties agree to submit to arbitration, in accordance with the provisions and sub-ject to the limitations of this treaty, all questions in dif-ference between them which they may fail to adjust by diplomatic negotiations." In the hands of the United States Senate, on March 31, this was amended to read as follows:Š "Any difference which, in the judgment of either party, materially affects its honor or its domestic or foreign policy, shall not be referred to arbitration under this treaty except by special agreement, nor shall any ques-tion as to the continuance in force of any treaty which has previously been made. It is further explicitly speci-fied and agreed that all agreements entered into by the contracting parties under this treaty shall be signed by the President of the United States and receive the approval of the Senate by a two-thirds vote before it becomes binding upon Great Britain or the United States." This seems to leave room for one more amendment to complete the farce to which the treaty is reduced ; and accordingly the Independent (N. Y.) suggests the fol-lowing:Š " Provided that, in the remote contingency that any case under this treaty is decided against the United States by an arbitral tribunal, such decision shall be null and void." The moral of all which is that perpetual peace, whether between individuals or nations, cannot be se-cured without a genuine desire for peace on the part of the parties concerned. And this means the possession and manifestation of the spirit of self-sacrifice,Ša thing which in national diplomacy is conspicuous only by its absence. The Scripture says, "Let the peace of God rule in your hearts." People who will do this will live peaceably; and this is the one and only sure guarantee of the maintenance of peaceful relations. ARE the the majority of the adult citizens of this country Christians? The total church membership is only about 20,000,000 out of a population of 70,000,000 people.  And even admitting that a majority of the people are nominal Christians, can it be reasonably claimed that real Christians are in the majority? Certainly no such claim could be admitted. The religious people of the country, therefore, ought  to realize that any attempt to control this Government in the interests of religion, must be dangerous to them-selves. For this is a government "of the people, by the people ; " and while a majority of the people no doubt have a respect for religion in its present status, an at-tempt to compel the unchristian majority to conform to religious customs and views held to by the minority, can-not but arouse bitter opposition; and in the storm thus raised their own religious temples may be beaten down upon their heads. They may then learn to appreciate better than they do now that provision of the Constitu-tion which says: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, nor prohibiting the free ex-ercise thereof." • -41- 4 IT is an ominous sign of the times that so many people are ready to take it for granted that a thing is good if it is done in the name of religion. The people need to be instructed, lest the Scripture be again fulfilled, which says, "The people perish for lack of knowledge." -41 -4 -1-- Clerical Opposition to Sunday Ball. THE clergy of the city of Cleveland, Ohio, are opposed to Sunday ball playing. They have learned that it is the intention of the management of the Cleveland league club to have Sunday games in that city during the com-ing baseball season, and they have promptly formulated their protests against it. The question was the topic of discourse at the Dun-ham Avenue Disciple church (Rev. Mr. Chalmers, pastor), Sunday evening, March 28. " It was the intention of the speaker," says the Cleveland Leader in its report, "to make his remarks on Sunday baseball only a preface to a sermon on `The Joy of Heaven ; ' but the latter sub-ject was not touched upon, and the question of baseball became the sole topic of the evening." This certainly reveals an unusual interest in the ques-tion on the part of this representative of Cleveland's clergy. It would seem that he considered a discussion of this subject to be equivalent in value to his congrega-tion to a presentation of the gospel of God. Or can it be that he believed he was presenting the gospel in his remarks upon the impropriety of Sunday games? The latter inference can hardly be allowed, since the speaker declared that he was presenting the subject from the standpoint of its legality, and not from that of its morality. Alluding to an interview had with the manager of the Cleveland ball club, the Rev. Mr. Chalmers said :Š " I gave him to understand that I would fight to the end Sunday baseball, not as a preacher, but as a citizen; not with the Bible in my hand, but with the American flag." Here is a mystery. Why should this minister of the gospel, in opposing that which he believes to be wrong. lay aside his Bible and take up the American 