278 AMERICAN SENTINEL,. the automaton behind the bar slings the glasses, so that -this little exchange of coin and whiskey that seems to be so necessary to the life of the nation may go on and hurt nobody. We will grant its necessity for the sake of peace if you will only have it done by machinery and spare our boys." Liberty's Acrostic.* BY FRED PARDEE HANCHETT. "We, the people,"Šsons and daughters of patriot sires,Šshould Hold firmly to the vital truths which they upheld of yore. These principlesŠmaintain'd through many tribulations, are Truths born of !leaven, and are older than the hills. The right To have, and to enjoy liberty, to gain knowledge, to Be free!Šfree to think, to speak and to act!Šsuch, in-deed, is Self evident liberty! Such liberty is ours by That law which says: "There is no respect of persons with God." All are born free and equal. Despotism was unknown till Men sought to establish religions of their own. In such Are the seeds of priestly assumption and intolerance. -Created as we are, with a free moral nature, with Equal rights in earth and the Heav'n to come, it is not well That men should order the ethical bearing of others. They that assume the prerogative to such a calling, Are ever obnoxious to all thoughtful Independence. Endowed by Omnipotence with those qualifications By which men are enabled to judge the right and the wrong, Their claim to office, or assent to plain untruths, mock the Creator who, in His great wisdom, saw fit to bless all With individualityŠwith sacred "rights" which a Certain justŠperhaps inspir'd soulŠchose to designate as "Unalienable," because of divine origin. Those "Rights"Šunder church rule, live not. No slav'ry so ab- ject as That 'neath ecclesiastical despotismŠan evil Among other evils, now threat'ning the precious weal of These United States. It is clearly assur'd us that we Are "created in Jesus Christ," the all-potent Source of Life, True Light and Liberty. Then let us "stand fast in that Liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free;" and, by all just And valid means, endeavor to render innocuous The efforts of would-be religious legislators. In Pursuit of that liberty warranted to citizens Of this Union, one should not forget that the basis of Happiness lies in the freedom of a soul's convictions: That Bigotry, Ballots and Bullets can never dictate To Conscience a prescrib'd course of spiritual action. Secure, heretofore, in the full and free enjoyment of These rare blessings, men see not the threat'ning evil; yet their *Copyright, 1898, by the author. Publications are free to copy--giving Łdue credit. Rights are in danger. Is the pow'r of God declining, that Governments assume the execution of His laws? What Are the duties of a just and progressive government, Instituted for the general good? Are they to raise Among the people, inquisitorial fires in which Men and women shall again die for their faith? Are they Deriving incomes from excesses of the people? Does Their dutyŠthe government's, rest in makingmen loyal, Just, pious, by law, and pronouncing judgment on sin? When Powers of earth pretend to such Divine authority, From whom is it deriv'd? What does it signify? Away The union of church and state! No true American will Consent to such ignoble slav'ry. Sanctification Of man through compulsion, must nauseate e'en man himself. "The law of the wise is a fountain of life;" and to be Govern' d wisely, is to live at most "perfect" liberty. San Francisco, Cal. A Solemn Warning.ŠNo. I. BY C. H. KESLAKE.  "ANn the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indig-nation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb: and the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever re-ceiveth the mark of his name." Rev. 14:9-11. Such is the message that God gives against the wor-shiping of the beast and of his image, which is brought to view in chapter 13. The beast, as has been abundantly shown in previous articles, is the papacy. The essential feature of the pa-pacy is the union of church and state, with the church using the power of the state for the furtherance of its own aims, and with a man at the head of the church sitting in the place of God. Also it has been shown that the "two-horned" beast (verse 11) represents the United States. That being so, it will be seen that this Government is to make an image to the beastŠor papacy. See verse 14. An image to the papacy would be a union of church and state, with the church predominant. Furthermore, it has been shown that Sunday is the mark of the papacy. It is, therefore, against these things that the Lord solemnly warns his people. Not a few doubtless will turn aside from these things ' and treat them with derision. Every reform of gospel work has been treated thus. But the supreme danger that this will be done lies in the fact that Sunday has been so long observed as the "Christian Sabbath," that to the minds of many it would 