186 AMERICAN SENTINEL. WHILE it is true that some protection would be af-forded by a law of this kind, that is not the protection which seventh-day observers most need. The great thing against which they need protection is the enforced observance of Sunday. Such Sunday enforcement inter-feres with the observance of the seventh day as the Sab-bath, no less truly than does a legal process summoning a seventh-day observer before the courts on his day of rest. Their conscience binds them to the sanctification of the seventh day; the Sunday law compels them to sanctify the first day. They cannot do both, for the very essence of the sanctification demanded by the Sab-bath law which binds the conscience, is in setting apart the seventh day from all other days of the weekŠmaking it different from the other six days by refraining from weekly labor. EVERY Sunday law thus strikes directly at the re-ligion of those who feel in conscience bound to observe a different day. Sunday in Colorado. A SUNDAY bill has been for some time pending in the legislature of Colorado. The provisions of this bill are:Š "SECTION 1. That the first day of the week, com-monly known as Sunday, is hereby declared to be a legal holiday, and as such, a day for the rest, recreation, and amusement of the people. "SEc. 2. All places of moral amusement may keep open on Sunday the same as any other day of the week; provided, that the provisions of this act shall not apply to saloons or other places where spiritous, vinous, or malt liquors are sold. "SEc. 3. Any person or persons interfering with the privileges and rights of the people as conferred by this act shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in a sum of not less than fifty dollars ($50) nor more than five hundred dollars ($500), or may be imprisoned in the county jail for a period of not less than ten nor more than ninety days." The present Sunday law of the State forbids any person to "disturb the peace and good order of society" on Sunday "by labor or amusement," "works of necessity and charity excepted." As this can only be construed as a general prohibition of labor and amusement on Sunday wherever there are people whom Sunday labor and amusement would "disturb," the proposed bill aims at a decided modification of the present law. It also aims to discourage arrests for Sunday breaking, as is evident from section 3. The proposed measure has elicited numerous pro-tests, and the prospects for its passage are not favorable. LET governments talk of alliances; but let Christians talk of the "unity of the Spirit." Will Run Sunday Trains. THE Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railway has decided to run Sunday trains. This, decision rep-resents an innovation upon the policy and practice of this road which has been in effect for more than thirty years. It is the result of a change in the presidency. " While Samuel Sloan was president of the line," it is stated, "he always held that to work on Sunday was wrong, and no one in his employ ever had anything to do on that day." The new president, W. H. Truesdale, stands for a different policy, and has given orders accordingly. Many petitions, it is said, have been, presented at times asking for the running of Sunday trains on this road, but all were "freezingly denied" by Mr. Sloan. "Once the commuters declared to Mr. Sloan that they wanted the trains so that they could go to and from the city churches on, a Sunday; but this argument was ex-ploded by the New Jersey Clergymen's Union, which showed that its members dispensed just as good gospel as could be had in the city." Railroads should be run to meet, not the religious ideas of the man who may be president, but the wants of the traveling public. In this.as in all other things, the rights of the people should prevail. Catholic "Unity." THAT all is not harmony in the Church of Rome, despite the apparent, unity to which Rome is wont to point as evidence of her divine character, is a fact which often crops out upon the surface of events, and is evident just now in the controversy which has arisen over "Americanism." An article in The Outlook, by the Abbe Victor Charbonnel, throws much light on the con-ditions existing in the church of Rome from which that controversy arose. The Abbe recently left the papal church, where he had enjoyed the confidence of Cardinal Gibbons and other high prelates in this country. He is therefore prepared to speak with authority upon this matter. In his article the Abbe says:Š "Personally, it would be easy for me to make known Cardinal Gibbons's private opinion as regards the ex-cesses of ecclesiastical authoritativeness. I had an in-terview with him, three years ago, when he passed through Paris. The Congress of Religions was then being agitated. Our talk was very free and candid. He told me how difficult all initiative and courageous inno-vations became when one needed constant assurances from Rome, and had to seek supporters amid the most complex and inert administration of affairs that one can possibly find anywhere, and to move forward only by intrigue alone. Then, as if summing it all up, he suddenly exclaimed: 'The church is a bureau of admin- 