AMERICAN SENTINEL. 681 "On religious grounds" means the spread of reli-gion; and spoken by a Catholic archbishop, the phrase means the spread of the Catholic religion. So the arch-bishop has said that the United States Government ought to do a great and arduous work for the spread of the Catholic religion; and no doubt this is exactly what he thinks. The people of the United States are, the great ma-jority of them, Protestants. Upon what conceivable religious grounds can they see that the United States ought to absorb several millions of Roman Catholics? But even though the Philippines were peopled with Protestants, there would still be no religious grounds upon which the United States could properly base any action for annexing the islands. "Religious grounds" are not grounds that the civil authority can consider in any way. That is the Protestant and American princi-ple which applies in this case. THE following instructive incident is told by the Rev. Peter MacQueen, who has lately returned from the Philippines:Š "I was on the dock at Manila when the first colored regiment landed, and talked with some of the negro sol-diers. With one young man I engaged in conversation, and he at once told me that it was his firm determina-tion not to kill or wound any Filipinos that he could help. He said: `Dese hyar folks iz jes' der same as our kullud folks was befo' de war. I doan believe in fightin' dese poor critters. I'se goin' to do my duty as a soldier and shoot when I'se tole, but I ain' goin' to aim, you bet, unless to save my own hide.' Just then the lieuten-ant ordered 'Company F, fall in,' and my colored friend lifted his heavy knapsack and shouldered his gun. As he went away thus burdened down with the appurte-nances of the civilized soldier I heard him remark to one of his comrades, `Dis hyar white man's burden ain all it's cracked up to be.' " Sunday Closing Notes. SEVENTEEN saloonkeepers at West Hammond, Ill., were arrested recently for selling liquor on Sunday. ALL through Rhode Island, it is reported, the police are particularly active in suppressing Sunday opening of the saloons. DRY GOODS merchants, real estate dealers and other business men in Minneapolis, Minn., are urging the Mayor to enforce the law for Sunday closing. THE Indiana appellate court has held that a con-tract for sending a telegram on Sunday is illegal unless  it comes within the definition of "work of charity or ne-cessity," also that the company is not even liable for damages for failure to deliver humane messages, unless notified of the exceptional circumstances. A SUNDAY CLOSING movement has been started in White Plains, N. Y., the particular object of centroversy being the post-office. The agitation started, it is said with a request to the Postmaster-General at Washing-ton that the White Plains post-office be kept open Sun-days. The church people are opposing this request, and Protestants and Catholics find in this a point where they can stand together. And this is one characteristic of the Sunday closing movement,Šit brings Protestants and Catholics together, but does not bring the Catho-lics any nearer to Protestantism. Fined for Shaving on Sunday. PASSAIC BARBER THREATENS TO GET EVEN BY STOPPING TROLLEY CARS ON SUNDAY. PATERSON, N. J., October 24.ŠA new phase of the Sunday-closing war, which has been conducted for sev-eral weeks by the barbers of this county, has just devel-oped in Passaic. Barber Joseph Zimmerman, an old man, refused to close on Sunday. He was arrested under the old blue laws and fined $5,98 yesterday by a justice of the peace. "My family will starve," he declared as he left the court. "I cannot pay the fine and must go to jail." A constable was sent after Zimmerman and found that his family was really in a state of destitution. Zimmerman has not yet been rearrested. He declares that if he is to be interfered with in earning his living he will use the same blue laws for retaliation. "How about ball games, bicycle races, saloons, and trolley cars?" asked the barber. "Do I do as much harm as they do? If I cannot shave in Passaic on Sun-day no trolley cars will run in Passaic on Sunday."ŠN. Y. Sun. The Archbishop's Vindication of the Friars. SOME statements derogatory to the Catholic friars in the Philippines have recently been made by General  Funston, who has gained fame in the Philippine cam.. paign. Replying to these, Archbishop Chappelle, of New Orleans, says in vindication of the friars:Š "Whatever the natives are or have they owe to the friars. By them they were lifted out of savagery and brought under the blessed and rE finin g it flm-  nee s of Chris-tianity. By them they were educated, not only in the schools, but in the fields and the wcrksbops were taught by them the very industries which are now the source of th eir prosperity." 