90 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. What are the real questions at issue, and where may they be found? Are they contained in your platform of principles, in the speeches made in your conventions, and in the edito- rials and communications in the Statesman ? These we have noticed, and at considerable length. If we have not touched the real ques-tions at issue, it is because your party has stu- diously concealed them. We have pointed out 'the unavoidable consequences to follow the le-gal enforcement of the usages of Christianity; the tendency of their demands that religious tests shall be made qualifications for office, and that the First Amendment of the Constitution shall ,be repealed. We have even gone so far as to notice at some length the statement of "the Rev. M. A. Gault" himself, that it may cost us another war to blot infidelity out of our Constitution! And all this, he dares to assert, does not touch the real questions at issue. We can but repeat the question at the head of this articleŠIs it blindness or duplicity ?. Now if, in their platform, their speeches, and their publications, we have failed to find the " questions at issue," then we ask him to frankly state some of these questions, and we promise to promptly notice them. But again he says:Š "It may be exhilarating for the editor of the SENTINEL to stand on his head and turn hand-springs before the public upon so serious and important a question; but as his true friend we beg of him, we implore him, to keep out from under the wheels of the National Reform move-ment." Now that sounds better, and is much more consistent than what he said before. True, his figures are rather low and unseemly, but his exhortation is pathetic and touching! We ad-vise him to hereafter confine himself to exhor- tation altogether. As an expositor of the Bible he has proved himself a sad failure. His refer- ences to history are a series of blunders. Only in exhortation does he seem to have any chalice of success. Yet even in this line it may be well for him to direct his efforts to those who have not studied the subject of "National Reform" as we have, and who have not yet so fully dis-covered its fallacies. We are far from being convinced that there is any danger in getting " under the wheels of the National Reform movement." In that stage it is not dangerous. But if they ever get the power they covet, to control this Government, and through it to enforce by law their theories of religion, to the exclusion of those of others who are as honest, as conscientious, as well versed in Scripture, and every way as worthy as they, then we may well fear, for somebody will surelyŁbe crushed under the wheels of their modern Juggernaut. J. H. W. THE Christian Nation greatly prides itself that it was enabled lately to present an article on National Reform, which was written by a boy of fourteen years. But in this it has not much to boast of, for if the National Reform arguments generally, be judged by any real merit that they possess, or the knowledge of the principles of government which 'they dis-play, they might well all be thought to be ex-cogitated by boys of fourteen years of age. Infidel Views of the "Logic of Chris- THE following letter was received at this office September 29. As the SENTINEL aims to do full justice to National Reform, we insert the letter entire. SPARTA, Ill., Sept. 20, 1886. THE SENTINEL EDITORSŠGoits: I have re-ceived several numbers of your journal. I do not intend to become a subscriber. I have met With your best arguments before, in the contest with infidels. When I want to refresh my mind I will send for the-Boston Investigator, or some paper of that class. I would rather have the strong statement of the infidel argument as in-fidels put it, and not the feeble statement of infidelity as made by Christians. You are in the wrong company. You are fighting your own side of the cause. Abbott, of the Index, said in my hearing, " The logic of Christianity is under your movement. If I were a Chris-tian I would be with you, but as I am not, I oppose you with all -my might." (I give his words from mom )ry.) In the judgment of most Christians you are on the wrong side; so also in the judgment of honest infidels. Better shinny.  on your own side. But if not, I prefer to get the Simon-pure infidel arguments against national Christianity. You can add nothing to them, so please stop the paper. I have had samples enough. Yours respectfully, D; 0. FARIS. Mr. Faris is, of course, a National Reformer, and thinks, even as he says, that we are the wrong company." And to prove that we are in the wrong; he quotes Mr. Abbott's state-ment that " the logic of Christianity " is behind the National Reform movement. The value of Mr.. Faris's proof can be better appreciated when it is understood what Mr. Abbott consid-ers the logic of Christianity. According to Mr. Abbott's estimate, then, what is the logic of Christianity ? Everybody who is at all ac- quainted with Mr. Abbott's opinion of Chris- tianity, knows that what he holds to be the logic of Christianity is the destruction of all liberty, cruel oppression, and persistent and bloody persecution. With such a view as this of what the logic of Christianity is, we say that Mr. Abbott is literally correct when he says that the logic of Christianity is behind the National Reform movement. This, all oppo-nents of that movement will realize as surely as the movement shall prove a success. But the Christianity which Mr. Abbott sees is not the Christianity of Christ, nor that of those who follow Christ: the Christianity which Mr. Abbott sees, in common with Colonel In-gersol, the Investigator, and all other of Mr, Faris's " honest infidels," is the Christianity (?) of Romanism, of the Inquisition, of the torture- chamber, of the thumb-screw,the rack, and the stake. Everybody knows that this is the Christianity, and that this is " the logic of Christianity," which these "honest infidels" never weary of holding up ,before the world. That such is the view that Mr. Abbott holds in relation to what Christianity is, we prove by his own words, in the very speech to which Mr. Faris refers. The speech was made at the Cincinnati National Reform Convention, Feb-ruary 1, 1872. We quote from the record. In that speech Mr. Abbott said:Š " The reaction you will create will open the eyes of millions to the fact that Christianity and freedom are incompatible." With such views of Christianity we do not wonder at all that infidels say that if they be- lieved in Christianity they would take their stand by the side of National Reformers. If we believed that " Christianity and freedom are incompatible," and then believed in Chris- tianity, we should instantly take our stand by the side of Mr. Faris and his fellow-" reform- ers; " for the utter destruction of freedom in free America is the logic of National Reform. Now, if National Reform represents Christian- ity, then "the logic of Christianity" does lie behind the National Reform movement. If Mr. Faris accepts Mr. Abbott's definition and views of Christianity, he is at perfect liberty to do so, and we freely yield to him and to National Reform all the comfort they can get from such Christianity, and from Mr. Abbott's hypotheti-cal. Christian indorsement of the National Re-form movement. As for us we accept no such definition, nor any such views, of Christianity, nor of the logic of Christianity; and because we do not, but believe in Christianity with all our heart, we oppose National Reform with all our might. Nor do we expect to fall into the mis-take into which Mr. Abbott seems to have fallen, of confounding Christianity and National Reform. Further, Mr. Faris kindly informs us that, "in the judgment of most Christians" we "are on the wrong side." Mr. Faris may be correct in his estimate of "the judgment of most Chris-tians." But that is nothing to us. We are not trying to shape our course according to the judgment of the multitude, even though that multitude be composed of "most Christians;" that would be contrary to the principles of both the Bible and sound journalism. "The judgment of most Christians " is not the final judgment. Our sole endeavor in all our work and in all our ways, is to so conform to the word of God that we may at the last receive the approval of the judgment of God. Besides this, we know full well that "in the judgment of most Christians," William Lloyd Garrison was "on the wrong side" when he declared that slavery was wrong and should be abolished. " In the judgment of most Christians" John Wesley was on the wrong side. " In ,he judgment of most Chris-tians" Martin Luther was on the wrong side. "In the judgment of most" of the popular and powerful religionists of the day, the apostles of Christ were on the wrong side, and were com-manded " not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus. But Peter and John answered and said unto them, Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we cannot but speak. the things which we have seen and heard." And so say we to Mr. Faris, and to all those' whose "judgment" he seems to be empowered to express. Ł And, too, our correspondent courteously in-vites us to " stop the paper." This paper was started expressly to expose the iniquity that lurks in the National Reform movement, and to awake the American people to the danger that threatens'their liberties should that move-ment succeed. The paper has now been running but a year, yet it has had a total circulation of more than 136,000 copies, and we are happy to know that its influence is being felt even in ti an ity." 