672 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 26, 1899. FROM a political point of view, from any worldly point of view, the prospect is not bright. But from the Christian point of view, the prospect is altogether glorious. The Chris-tian has no cause for discourage-ment in what he sees around him; and while he may point out these things, he does not imply by that that he is a pessimist. It is from this standpoint that the SENTINEL would call attention to existing wrongs and dangers. wC -HoN. Joseph Chamberlain, speak-ing for Great Britain, says that the latter must be the "paramount" power in South Africa, and anything that would interfere with this must be put doWn. It is annonnced fur-ther by the British government that the South African republics will at the conclusion of the war be made over into a British province fash-ioned somewhat like the Dominion of Canada. And this is only a plain statement of what has been the real issue from the firstŠthe survival or disappearance of these republics from the map of Africa. THE SENTINEL has appealed to the civil authorities in behalf of religious freedom, upon the basis of the Dec-laration of Independence, which af-firms that all men have equal rights, and that government must be by consent of the governed. If this great American document is set aside, that basis for an appeal for religious freedom is gone; and if the SENTINEL allows it to be set aside without protest, it in effect surren-ders the doctrine of rights which the Declaration affirms. But that doc-trine is the only basis upon which a plea for religious liberty can be made that will stand against all the  assaults of sophistry and worldly logic. We cannot surrender the basis of eternal truth. WRITING on "Religious Liberty in thePhilippines," in The Independent, of October 19, Rev. N. H. Harriman, who spent some weeks there under circumstances exceptionally favora-ble for getting at the truth of the subject, says that under American military government the Catholics will "get a mighty start of all other bodies," and that "If Protestants do not stir themselves, according to the present trend of favor shown to Catholics and withheld from Prot-estants, their task will be well nigh impossible at the close of the war." This partiality shown to the Catho-lics is due to the political influence of Catholics in the United States, and is in the same degree an injury to Protestants, contrary to the prin-ciples of government by which the nation is bound. THE New England Sabbath Pro-tective League announces through its organ, The Defender, that its purpose is to defend "the Sabbath against the persistent encroach-ments upon its sacredness by busi-ness and pleasure" (Italics ours); and in the same connection adds "Therefore this League aims to de-fend and secure such legislation as will maintain a proper observance of the Lord's day." What is this, therefore, but a statement that the League wants legislation to main-tain the sacredness of the Sabbath! And what power is there in legisla-tion to preserve the sacredness of a divine institution? The rest day which God instituted is sacred, and its sacredness is alto-gether independent of human, legis-lation. No legislation can therefore affect the sacredness of the Sabbath day itself. The resting of God upon the seventh day, which remains a fact, and his blessing, which remains on the day, maintain its sacred-ness. But may not legislation enforce  sacred conduct on the part of the people in Sabbath observance, so that in this sense it may be said that legislation will preserve the sacred-ness of the day? The answer must still be, No. Legislation can affect only the outward conduct; and the outward conduct of the man who does not in his heart keep the Sab-bath holy, amounts to nothing. It is not sacred at all, and if it appears to be such' is only a pretense and a cloak for hypocrisy. Having neither the power to make the day itself sacred, nor to compel any person to observe it sacredly, how can legislation possibly do any-thing to preserve the sacredness of the Sabbath? A FRIEND Of the SENTINEL advises us that we should be careful to say nothing against imperialism by name. But how can we talk against the thing, so that people will know wliat we are talking about, and yet will not recognize the thing by name? This requires a skill in which we confess to be lacking. And if people are not to recognize what you are talking about, what point will they see in what you say, and what use will there be in saying it? THE famine now prevailing in In-dia affects about 30,000,000 people, of whom about 250,000 have been helped by the relief measures of the government. ‚,4  THERE can be neither self-govern-ment nor religious freedom where the doctrine is denied that rightful government is by the consent of the governed. ot IT is manifestly true that nothing can be forced upon the Lord; and therefore no individual can be brought to the Lord by force. When force is used upon an individual in religion, if he yields to it at all, he is always forced further away from God. 