376 THE AlVIERICA.N SENTINELeŁ Vol. 4, No. 47. TI-2e An2eFical2 ge12tii2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER 18,1889. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent —by the publishers of the AMERICAN 'SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. After January 1, 1890, this paper will be published at 45 Bond Street, New York City. Our e,occh,arŁges, ad-vertisers, and correspondents will please make a note of this fact, and send all papers and direct all cor-respondence, to reach us after December 15, to °um new address. Ł Ł Ix his pastoral letter before the centennial cel-ebration Catholicism in America lately held, Car-dinal Gibbons said that the Catholic population of the United States is "about nine millions." This we refer to the American Sabbath Union; they can enlarge their petition for a national Sunday law by two millions, in less than a min-ute, if they still continue that business in the same old way. THE New York Independent says that Dwight L. Moody believes in prohibition but not in the third-party prohibition, and then adds that "this is another testimony of the large common sense attributed to the great evangelist," to which we add our hearty assent. We hope that all such persons will remain thus sensible to the last. As great an evil as-the liquor traffic is, it is not so great as would be a system in which the princi-ples of the third-party Prohibition party should dominate. OUR good National Reform friend, Rev. N. R. Johnston, does us the kindness to announce to the readers of the Christian Statesman that the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL is to be moved to New York City as the place of publication. When the SEN-TINEL reaches New York City, Jan. 1, 1890, and thenceforward, we shall show our appreciation of Mr. Johnston's kindness by making the columns of the SENTINEL as interesting as possible to the readers of the Christian Statesman. And being then so much nearer to the seat of the Statesman, we hope to make these things proportionately in-teresting and profitable both to the Statesman and its readers. Łivp  THE Christian Nation says: "This nation can never become a Christian nation in any true sense of the word until the men who carry on the government are honest and trustworthy." We do not believe that the men who carry on the government are either dishonest or untrustworthy. We believe that the men who carry on the gov-ernment are as honest and trustworthy as the men who carry on private enterprises. It must be so, because the men who carry on the government are chosen from the people, that is, from among those who carry on private enterprises; and we do not believe that those who are so chosen nec-essarily become dishonest and untrustworthy by the fact of being called to carry on the govern-ment. But even though they were all dishonest and untrustworthy, as the Christian Nation argues, it would still remain true that the-principles of the Christian Nation and its party are utterly false and untrustworthy, because an amendment to the Constitution declaring that this is a' Christian nation would net make the men who carry on the government either honest or trustworthy.  Men cannot be made honest and virtuous by law. Nothing but the gospel of Christ can accomplish that, and the merits of the gospel are not made available by political methods. THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union still goes on with its idea of a theocracy in this land. It sets forth now that God is the proprie-tor of all the land in this country; that he "in-tended the land for the people;" and indorses " the ntovement for restoring to the people their divinely intended heritage in the land." But it is only the Lord's people who inherit the Lord's land. Then if the Lord is the proprietor of all the land, all who have a share in it will have to be the Lord's people. To make this a fact, how-ever, presents no difficulty in the case, for do they not intend to have a constitutional amend-ment declaring that this is a Christian nation and the kingdom of God ? IN the latter part of October the leaders of the Catholic, Methodist, and Lutheran Churches of Jasper, Dubois Co., Ky., banded together and presented a petition to the town authorities to enact a Sunday law for that place. Accordingly, the authorities adopted an ordinance requiring all the saloons, confectioneries,- and bakeries in the place to remain closed on Sunday.. This was not according to the_ wish of the majority of the citizens of that place, and they resented the action by staying away from church. As a con-sequence, for three successive Sundays the congre-gations were exceedingly slim. In fact, the re-port says that the preachers were compelled to talk to empty benches. Before the fourth Sunday came around that Sunday law was re-pealed. Query: Did those leaders of the churches have anything to do with that repeal ? Echo' answers, Didn't they ? IN his speech everywhere for the last six months the secretary of the American Sabbath Union has spent a goodly portion of his time in denouncing Seventh-day Adventists as the chiefest opponents of the national Sunday law for which he is working. Now it is a fact that at the Washington City Convention of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union last December, and at the hearing before the Senate Committee at the same time, the Seventh-day Adventists were not referred to by a single word in naming the opponents of the Sunday law. So far as any of the statements of the union went on either of the occasions referred to, nobody could suspect even the existence of any such people, and yet within six months from that time they are every-where denounced as the chiefest opponsute Of the Sunday bill. Now did these Seventh-day Adventists come up, like Jonah's gourd, "in a night"? Did they all spring into existence since December 13, 1888? or di'd the American Sab-bath Union intentionally- ignore them at the Washington Convention and at the hearing be-fore the Senate Committee? Will the union tell how this is ? THE Union Signal of October 24 complains because the South American delegates to the congress of American powers spent four days in Chicago and didn't visit Evanston, and u the home of Miss Willard," to "look. upon,her home, and herself,`then carry the story to the women of their home land." Yes, what a wonderful story it would have been if these delegates could only go back to their _home-land and report that  they had seen a woman and the house that she lives in. It is altogether likely that every one of them would have been promoted to the very highest honers in the gift of their several States. This no doubt —was the supreme moment in the tide 'of their affairs, which, .taken at the flood, would have led on to fortune. But woe worth the day that they should be so lost to all sense of the importance of opportunity as to miss the crit-ical moment-and so be left high and, dry, stranded, amid the wrecks of time, an awful warning, etc., etc. !! It is barely possible, however, that the gentlemen referred to have not yet joined the Mutual Admiration Society to which the Union Signal belongs. A LEADING Catholic paper notices the fact that the tables have been turned in Boston upon - the matter of text-books. It seems that now Protestants are dissatisfied with a school history which they think is unfair. It would certainly be a relief, not only to Boston but to the people at large, if the good folks of that city could only agree among themselves to run their public schools upon a proper basis, that is, to teach the arts and sciences alone, and leave special religious instruction for the private schools, for the church, and for the home. Religion has no business with the public schools, because when once ad-mitted somebody must decide what religion shall be taught. Then there is trouble. Ł  WE object to the teaching of religion in the public schools, not because religion is not a good thing, neither because it is not a necessary thing, but because it is not necessary that it should be taught in the public schools, and because from the very nature of the case it cannot be so taught. In the first place, before any religion can be taught it must be embodied in a creed. That creed will of course reflect the opinions of the majority. But while majority rule (not ma-jority creed) is the correct principle, that which the majority decrees is not always right, it is not always justice. Many examples of this might be cited. Majorities have no - right to .interfere where God has left man free. Every man- has certain inalienable rights; among them are life, liberty, and the pursuit of .happiness. To inter-fere with a man's religion is to deprive him of these rights. God has set before men light and darkness, life and death, and has left them free to choose. It is not for others to say what they shall choose, and every parent has a right to say in what religion his children shall be instructed. Therefore it is not the province of the State to teach religion, neither indeed can it be. .1. Ł I. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, which has for years been published-  at Oakland, has removed to No. 43 Bond Street, New York. It is a great loss to Oakland, for its large circulation was a great advertisement for the town.ŠMorning Ł Times. THE AMEFiICAN SENTINEL, AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, ani: the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AlVIERIGAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond St., NEW YORK, Ł 