F gialrigEg Equal and axact Justice to all 1L'Ien,Ł or Whatever State or cer5uaBion, religious or colitical ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 25, 1892. NUMBER 8. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. CHRISTIANITY is a most benign thing. Christ ever rebuked the spirit that would call down fire from heaven to devour his enemies, and it is only when his followers have departed from him that they have invoked the sword of civil power to co-erce men in spiritual things. KNOWLEDGE of good and evil affords no assurance of a greater love of the one or of a greaterŁ hatred of the other than would exist in ignorance. Our first par-ents no doubt found the devil well enough informed. The archangel Michael and the arch-devil Lucifer may have the same intellectual ability and the same intellect-ual attainments, but the fidelity of the one and the disobedience of the other make heaven and hell. Unless knowledge rip-ens into moral force it becomes the tool of selfishness and sin. ŠRev. E. P. Marvin. ACCORDING to the word of Christ, the civil power has nothing to do with either God or religion, or with offenses against God or religion. Religion is defined by Webster as "the recognition of God as an object of worship, love and obedience." Another definition, given by the National Reform Association itself, is " man's per-sonal relation of faith and obedience to God." If he has no faith at all, and makes no pretentions to obedience to God, that is nothing to the civil government, so long as the man conducts himself civilly. Neither has civil government anything to do with offenses against God; the Lord himself can attend to that, A  man is responsible alone to God for the offenses which he commits against God. Civil government has no business to estab-lish a religion, and then make offenses against it criminal; nor has it any busi-ness to put itself in the place of God, and presume to declare that an offense against the governmental idea of God is an offense against God. How is the civil government to know whether an act offends God or not?. The fact of the matter is, that just as soon as Sunday laws are investigated at all in the light of truth, or justice, or law, it is found that they are inseparable from an established religionŠinseparable from a union of Church and State. Derivation of Tennessee Sunday Laws FROM evidence adduced in previous articles on discrepancies in the Constitu-tion of the State of Tennessee, and incon-sistencies between its Constitution and code, it is clear that the Constitution of that State is divided against itself, and that statutory precedents have there pos-itively antagonized constitutional prin-ciples. Natural justice is eternal and invariable, its expression will be found in abstract principles, axiomatic in form and unvary-ing in application. These principles are not the development of a native sense of equity natural to the human mind and heart. Except for the gospel of Jesus Christ the concept " All men are created equal," and its necessary correlative of natural justice, could never have devel-oped into a potent force in human affairs, but would only have existed, if at all, as a dormant philosophic abstraction. Through the gospel came the first ray of hope to the downtrodden, oppressed, and persecuted. It was the gospel which first forced upon the minds of the ruling classes the com-prehension of the fact, that liberty was something else than the privilege of the strong to oppress the weak, and compelled them to realize the universal application of the principle of natural justice. But the first advent of Christ and the  preaching of his gospel did not usher in the reign of equal rights for all men, neithe-Ł has it yet eradicated from the human heart the proud arrogance of do-minion over his fellows in which man most nearly emulates that Satanic character-istic through which the angels fell; neither will it have done this until that day when His will shall be done upon earth as it is in heaven. The doctrine of the enforcement of the precepts of religion, by human enactment, has been one of the subtlest deceptions of that hypocritical Spirit of all evil, and by which he has "shed the innocent blood of almost all the host of martyrs who have laid down their lives for conscience' sake." Not this, doctrine but its antithesis will be found in the fundamental law of this land of prophecy, the latest born of the nations, and the last. If then the State of Tennessee has embodied in its statutory law the doctrine of the enforcement of religious precepts.  by the police power of the State, under authority of civil en-actment, it has not derived this doctrine from that bill of rights in which the eternal principles of natural justice are expressed, in language so complete that nothing need be added to it and nothing can be taken from it. If then Tennessee did not derive its religious laws from the gospel prin-ciple of governmental law which forms the nucleus of the Constitution of the United States, and with which every one of the children of that Constitution has been endowed, in their bills of rights,Šso stated in every case as to be unequivocal in meaning,Šthen from whence did they arise ? These religious laws are of foreign birth; the unmingled equity and justice of American institutions were a later birth and indigenous to American soil. Ten-nessee derives the treason to God, to human justice, and to native land, which poisons her statutes, by direct inheritance, through the charter of 1584, which marked the initial step in the colonization of America, by which " Elizabeth, by the Grace of God of England, France and Ireland Queen, defender of the faith etc.," granted to Sir 