ated4w  44,07, 252 THE ANISRICA.M SENTINEL. Before I had time to reply, I received also, by postal card, the following :7  I have hit upon another plan for having the debate in Chi-cago in the autumn, on same general plan as I wroteŠof which I will write you when it is arranged, if others concur in it. Probably it will be a month or more before I can arrange it when in vicinity of Chicago in person. W. F. CRAFTS. Fm route 1.45-89. Address always, 74 E. 90, N. Y. To these I replied in a letter, which Mr. Crafts has sworn "is an abusive private letter." Here is a verbatim copy of this "abusive letter" :Š OTTAWA, Kansas, May 3, 1889. Dr. W. F. Crafts, New York CityŠ DEAR SIR: Your card of April 25th received at this place yesterday. I was about to answer your other card anyhow. Your plan of having the debate in Chicago =in the autumn is satisfactory if it shall be made definite and carried out. You speak in your card of writing to me about it "when it is arranged, if others concur in it." I fail to see what the concurrence or non-concurrence of others can have to do with it. I was not challenged 'by any others than yourself to debate; I had no others in view to debate with when I accepted your challenge. The challenge has come from yourself; the proposition, the division of time, and all other suggestions in regard to the debate, have come from you, and have been accepted by me. And the an-nouncement has been made by you in the East that it was to be. The Christian-Statesman and the Herald of Reform have announced it; and I count it wholly an inadequate reason for your declaring the debate off, as already arranged for Chicage, June 12, 13, 14, that the Illinois Sunday Association decline to have any part in it. The obtaining of the hall, advertising, and other local arrangements for the discussion, were not wholly dependent upon pr. Mandeville, and the executive committee of which he is chairman ; there are other people in Chicago besides these, who cer-tainly could attend to that just as well as they. And, I repeat, their declining is no valid excuse at all for your setting aside your own challenge, your own propositions, and your own appointment of dates, which I had accepted without qualification. Yet all this I am willing to pass by if you will within a reasonable time appoint a date to which you will certainly stand. I care nothing for the concurrence or non-concur-rence of others; but unless some date is definitely settled, as above suggested, I shall hold you to the date already fixed, and hold you alone responsible for the failure of the debate to come off upon the date specified, June 12, 13, 14. It certainly is an unusual thing for a challenger to declare a meetinc,  off simply because certain third parties decline to haveanything to do with making arrangements. Such proceeding is too much like trifling, to much like child's play, for me to look upon it with much favor. I hope you may soon be able to fix a definite time, Whenever it may be; but I cannot promise now to accept whatever date you might name, because cer-tain important arrangements have been made for my work in the fall, which would, in a certain meas-ure, have to be conformed to; but this will not be much of an interference, because we can surely fix upon a date without much difficulty. 'Hoping to hear a favorable report from you soon, I remain, Very respectfully yours, etc., ,A.LoNzo T. JONES. Now I am willing to submit to any civil or church court to decide whether this is an abusive letter or not. In answer to that letter I received from Dr. Crafts, by postal card, the following :Š ADDREss 74 E. 90TH Sm.,-N. Y. 5-8-89. I do not like the tone or wording of your letter. I have never accepted challenge except on condition; in the first case, that Kalamazoo pastors would arrange in my behalf,,and when you wished a change, that Illinois Association, in whose field you wished to have it, would see that my interests were fairly at-tended to. By referring to my letters you will see that I have kept to my agreement. I cannot allow you to arrange the de-bate, nor are there others in Chicago to whom it would be proper for me to turn. W. F. CRAFTS, Field Secretary American Sabbath Union. I am doing all I can to arrange for the debate. There is a point here worthy of particular notice. In the second sentence he says, "I have never ac-cepted challenge except on condition,' etc. In this he deftly turns the whole case around, makes him-self the challenged party, and, of course, in that event makes me the challenging party. This opened the way for him to decline the challenge, as I found announced by Dr. Nelson when I reached Oakland. But it is just about as unusual a thing for a man to decline his own challenge, as it is for the challenging party to declare a meeting off because certain third parties will not help make arrangements. It is true that on that card-he said he was doing all that he could to arrange for the debate; but as I had told him plainly in my last letter, that unless some date to which he would stand was soon defi-nitely settled, I would hold him to the date already fixed; and would hold him alone responsible for the failure of the debate to come off at the time specified ; as there was then more than a month before that time should come, and as I have received no com-munication from him since, I yet hold him alone responsible for the failure of the debate to come off at the time appointed by himselfŠJune 12, 13, 14. I further hold that the failure was without valid ex-cuse on his part; and that the record fully sustains me in so holding. And yet after all this he had the face to stand up in open convention in San Francisco, August 16, and tell the audience that "Professor Jones has been wanting to debate with me;" inten-tionally conveying the Impression that 'I had been  the aggressive party, and' that he was the noble one who had the virtue to decline. Yes, he did decline to debate, that is a fact; but it was his own challenge that he declined. And we freely allow him all the credit, and grant him all the honor, that attaches to such action in the minds of honorable men, Mr. Crafts further says that as late as June 9, at Milwaukee, he told Rev. Mr. Corliss, of Battle Creek, that he was "hoping to have the debate in Califor-nia, or at Battle Creek." He says also that, "two days before" he said the same thing to somebody else whom he "met in Chicago." But what was all that to me? He did not say anything of that kind to me, neither at that time, nor up to this time-. Mr. Corliss was not acting for me. Whether I could debate or not did not depend upon the con-currence of somebody else. My acceptance of Mr. Crafts's challenge was not subject to the approval of Mr. Corliss or some unnamed, and perhaps unknown person, whom, Mr. Crafts happened to meet in Chi-cago. I was Conducting my part of the controversy myself, and supposed Mr. Crafts was capable of do-ing the same thing for himself. In that supposition it seems I made a mistake, for which I humbly beg his pardon. It is thus clearly demonstrated by every count that Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, has positively sworn to things which are not in any .sense true. Yet even though all this he has done, I do not accuse him of "willful and malicious" false swearing. I only say that Mr. Crafts, failing to keep copies of his letters, forgot what he had written, and then swore to what he had not written. He ought to be more careful of his letters, and much more careful of his oath. Yet if such is the case with Mr. Crafts' unqualified oath, with what confidence can the people receive his unsupported word ? And if he is so reckless of a solemn, deliberate oath, how careful is he apt to be of common running statements? It is well known by all who have heard Mr. Crafts speak on the Sunday-rest subject, that he takes great delight in displaying, as an emblem of The Sunday-law movement, an Oriental saw that works only on the back stroke. In view of the evi-dence which we have presented in this case, we think it may be unanimously agreed that that back-wards saw is a most fitting emblem for Mr. Crafts to display. We would suggest that he have enough of the same pattern made so that he and the members of the Executive Committee of the Illinois Sabbath Association, can each have at least one to wear con-stantly. Having now fully proved that the SENTINEL stated the facts, it is but just to the editors of the SENTINEL to say that neither of them wrote the article in ques-tion. Both the editors of the SENTINEL were in the State of New York when that SENTINEL was issued, and did not know that the article had been written until after Mr. Crafts had published his sworn state-ment, when each of the editors received a copy of Mr. Crafts's affidavit and a copy of that number of the SENTINEL in the same mail. There are words used in the article that neither of the editors would have used. There is a tone to the comments upon the fact which neither of the editors of the SENTINEL would have put into an article. For these things, SECRET 41  rt noTsrr? Ika Ave etAGGet?2:d 014- -e)4-; Lyi-1-44 ‚4s4.rk 4,7;Z  American Sa Unicio o—, extv2A..4.4,, 1441. figc-0-7%) 