AMERICAN SENTINEL. 715 stir men's souls. What does the preacher stand for, if not for salvation? Whatever his culture, his brilliancy, his smartness, he will in due time preach out his congre-gation, if he fails to appeal to this deepest need of hu-man souls. The Irony of "Civilized War." New York "World." THE Boers kill General Symons, and the leader of the Boers at once sends a telegram of condolence to the widow. Joubert finds that he has not ambulances enough to carry off the wounded after the explosion of British shells, so he sends over to the British and bor-rows ambulances: Briton and Boer spend the day in slaughtering one another, and late in the afternoon sit down to "swap" medicines, nurses, and other ameliora-tions ofxarfare. What could be more supremely ridiculous? Does it not reduce warfare among civilized peoples' to the ut-terly absurd? Does it not show how completely the masses of mankind have outgrown the instinct for the "man-hunt?" To stab one's enemy and then put one's arm about him and fall to with the medicine bottles and the surgi-cal instruments to undo what one has done, weeping the while and saying, "Poor fellow! so sorry! It breaks my heart!"Šthen, as soon as the poor wretch is able to get upon his feet, to fall upon him with knife and pistolŠ Really, the human animal has only a surface sense of humor! Why? From "The Broad Axe," St. Paul, Minn,. IF the United States flag stands for freedom, why does it wage war on the Filipinos who are fighting for freedom? If Aguinaldo represents only a small minority, why not let the Filipino majority crush him? If the Filipino war against Spain was unjust, why did we stop Spain in her efforts to crush it? If the Filipino war against Spain was just, why isn't their war against' us just when we take Spain's place in the fight? If the Constitution gives Congress the sole power to declare and prosecute war, why does Mr. McKinley vio-late the Constitution by an executive war instead of calling Congress together? If McKinley establishes the precedent of an executive war, why won't other presidents have the same right? If the Filipinos are not fighting for freedom, why do they fight? If they are fighting for freedom, why isn't their flag a flag of freedom? If their flag is a flag of free-dom, why does a flag of freedom oppose it? VERMONT. WHILE there has been no real outbreak against religious liberty in Vermont, yet it is As plain as can be to a close observer that the spirit of Puritanic intoler-ance lingers here in the hearts of many. That spirit of persecution is a smouldering fire, which only awaits the opportunity to be fanned into a blaze. We hear a few murmers and threats against those who believe in the "divine right of dissent" from the religion of the major-ity; still no arrests have been made of late for violating the Sunday law. GRANT ADKINS. MAINE. THE year 1899 has marked a new era in the history of the "reform" movement in Maine. In 1897, the Christian Civic League of Maine was formally organized as a means of uniting the churches and all other"moral" forces throughout the State in an effort to promote "civic righteousness." The "reform" forces have been falling into line, auxiliary leagues have been formed in various communities, and in May of this year, the League had acquired sufficient strength to put a secretary in the field. So popular is the movement that the secretary o the League declares that he "is constantly busy respond ing to invitations to give addresses in all parts of the State." The churches,the Roman Catholic not excepted, are promoting the work of the League in a public manner. The leading educators of the State give the plan their support, letters of indorsement having been given by the presidents of four colleges of Maine, and the press is, of course, giving the prospering movement its sanction. The League has instituted a vigorous campaign for educating the people in a "reverence for law," and for enforcing present laws relating to Sunday. H. E. OSBORNE. MISSISSIPPI. CoLumnus.ŠOn a recent Sunday I listened to a sen-sational sermon from the text "A good soldier." The speaker described a soldier in the United States regular army. He surrenders his will to the Government and promises to obey the orders of his superior officers. Several illustrations were given of the implicit obedience of true soldiers in the army, such as "The Charge of the Light Brigade," as described by Alfred Tennyson, quot-ing the words:Š 