AMERICAN SENTINEL. 325 of temperance women, who, depressed by the reaction of the crusade, bewildered by the overwhelming evils of the world upon which they had just opened their eyes, were unconsciously waiting a leader. In October she accepted the presidency of the Chicago Central Union, and at the Cleveland Convention in Nov-vember, was elected corresponding secretary of the young National. In the following December ('74) occurred the first meeting between us. We had corresponded. She was in deepest sympathy with the evangelistic phases of the work, and as this was my work, being the one and only line in which I had then, or have ever been led out, it was through the hallowed medium of a gospel practi-cally applied that we formed our acquaintance. That no one may by this misunderstand my relation to the general plan of departments, I will explain that I have always held that any line of work that was not a means of evangelization had no place in the Woman's Christian Temperance Union; and, although we might not all agree as to just what was "gospel," each woman from her own standpoint, would agree with me in this view of the case. At her return to Chicago from the Cleveland Conven-tion, Miss Willard wrote asking me to come for a month at least, to assist her in organizing the work along these practical gospel lines. I took leave of absence from the home field to answer this call, and met her for the first time in a basement room of Dr. Goodwin's (Congrega-tional) church (at least I am quite sure that was the place), where a meeting of Chicago women had been ap-pointed to consult together about the most direct methŁ ods of saving lost men. The memory of that month of labor with Miss Willard is to me among the most precious of all the years. We were necessarily associated in the closest intimacy, and under circumstances which brought to my knowledge that rare strength and sweetness of her nature, which later on, as she came to her world-wide fame, gave her such a hold upon an all but universal sympathy. Upon my return home we were in constant corres-pondence, and when I wrote concerning the crisis which led to the organization of the Cold Water Army. she at once responded with the keenest appreciation of the situ-ation, and signified her intention of coming to Rockford to see us. As our plans for the Fourth of July developed and I acquainted her with them, she wrote saying that she was going to "drop all" and come. Accordingly we had her name on the program with that of the three cap-tains of the companies, who each were to make a speech as well as one of our girls who led the "Sisters of the Regiment." Miss Willard as the platform queen, was at that time unknown; but it did not require a prophetic gift for any one who once saw and heard her to know that she had a large mission in a wide field. The army did honor that day to all the teaching and drilling which had been given it. Miss Willard nd I sat together in the carriage as the "troops," uncovering and  saluting us in fine style, pass41 in review; and it was then, I am quite sure, that she first made that epigram-matic utterance, which with slight modification has be-come the watchword of the L. T. L. of the world. "Trem-ble King Alcohol; these will grow up!" As my own two little boys passed us in the parade she said with the most sympathetic quaver in her voice:Š "Just look at them! those dear little legs; bound to keep up. Anyone can see how you came to get hold of this splendid idea. If I had only had some boys of my own I might have got in ahead of you, though, SMI dear. It was the boys as did it." In driving to the ground chosen for the celebration, we kept the army in sight, for neither of us could keep our eyes off of those dear little men. 0 how much they meant to us! And all the way we exchanged plans and hopes and prophecies of the future of the work which began to loom up greater than we had ever dreamed. "I tell you, SAL" said Miss Willard once, "this is the right end to begin at. Nothing is so discouraging as a hopeless man, and nobody that I know of comes so near being that man as a drunkard; in my short expe-rience I've found that out. We must grow a crop of HopefulsŠthat means men chuck full of hope; and this is the way to commence. We must have this down at our convention at Cincinnati in November. You must come; bring a boy, gun, togs and all, and we will make him national." The Seed of Popery. "Present Truth," London, Eng. "LET us not be desirous of vainglory, provoking one another, envying one another." Gal. 5:26. That is to say, Let us have done with emulations and strife. Emu-lation and strife is the natural outgrowth of self-right-eousness, the exaltation of self above God's law. This is the very essence of popery. If there were no emulation, no strife, there would be no pope. The papacy,Šthe existence in the world of such a thing as a pope,Šis the result of the strife for the supremacy among the early bishops. At first all bishops or elders, or presbyters, or pastors, for all mean the same thing, were equal. "All ye are brethren," said Christ, and for a little while they lived as brethren. But soon there waŁs a strife as to who should be the greatest, and the streets of more than one city, Rome especially, ran with blood which was shed in these contests. The final result was the recognition of the bishops of Rome as supreme. "But how can it be that so many acknowledge the pope's supremacy, if the popish spirit is inherent in hu-man nature?" Thus : when the popish principle is ad-mitted, some one must be chief, or else there will be a war of extermination. So the others unite in homage to the fortunate one, in hope that their turn may come next, or in the knowledge that they will at least be popes of lesser rank, exercising lordship over those who are beneath them. 