42 AM Ent C_A.N SilinsvriNk:uu.. VOL. 11, No. 6 The truth is, that the State has no concern with morality, as such. The true American doctrine of the proper office of the State is set forth in the Declaration of Independence, where it is held as a self-evident truth that men " are endowed by their Creator with cer-tain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; " that governments are instituted among men to preserve these rights. The State, there-fore, by this doctrine, considers an act not with reference to its morality or immorality, but as being either subversive or not subver-sive of human rights. And when it cuts loose from this doctrine, and proceeds to deal with questions of morality, religious legislation soon follows, and despotism is the inevitable outcome. Let the State keep upon the safe ground marked out in the Declaration of Independ-ence, concerning itself only with that which relates to the preservation of the rights of its citizens, and leaving religion wholly free to do its work of uplifting and regenerating mankind. -414- 46- A DEMORALIZING SYSTEM. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL does not hold that it is the duty of government to teach morals in the proper acceptation of that term. But while this is true it is certainly the duty of government not to foster immorality by putting a premium upon those things which are demoralizing. We are living in an era of " reform " when the " better classes" are demanding " decent municipal government." New York City has been living under a " reform" regime for something over a year, and much good has certainly been accom-plished; and for this all good citizens ought to be thankful. But while some good has been done not a little evil has likewise re-sulted. The zeal of the police authorities to execute the excise and Sunday statutes has led them to acts that are more demoralizing than the things they have sought to suppress. A few facts will illustrate this matter. As recorded in these columns a few weeks ago, a policeman, zealous for " reform," and inci-dentally for promotion, went into a tobacco-nist's where cigars were sold from one counter and stationery from the other. The " law " permits the sale of manufactured tobacco on Sunday, but does not permit the sale of paper or other stationery. This officer professed to be very anxious to write a letter, and induced the clerk to sell him a sheet of paper and an envelope for three cents, and then arrested the young man and dragged him off to the police station for violating the Sunday law! Another police spy secured admittance to a small store on Sunday, and by representing to the proprietor that his wife was without a pair of stockings to go to meeting, as she hap-pened to have none clean, induced the trades-man to sell him a pair of hose. Of course the accommodating merchant was arrested. These particular arrests were made some time ago, but they are only samples of cases that are occurring all the time. No longer ago than the small hours of the morning of the 26th ult., a policeman, disguised as a sewer workman, with rubber hip boots, an old sou'wester, and a dirty rubber coat, induced a watchman to let him have a drink of whiskey from his private flask, and finally to sell it to him, on the ground that he was sick and suf-fering from a chill and stood very much in need of the stimulant. No sooner was the transaction finished than the watchman was  arrested on the double charge of giving away liquor and of selling it contrary to law. The AMERICAN SENTINEL has no sympathy whatever with the liquor traffic nor with the use of intoxicating liquors as a beverage. Nor have we any sympathy with the idea that a man needs whiskey because he chances to feel a little cold. Nine times out of ten a cup of hot water or a little lively exercise would do much more good. But the question of the man's real need does not enter into this case. Whiskey is supposed by many to be a panacea for nearly all the small ills and discomforts incident to humanity; and it is certain that this sale of liquor was made by this watch-man not with any intent to violate any law, but only at the earnest solicitation of a "man" who represented himself as being in a suffering condition. The watchman was held for trial for viola-tion of the law r The disguised policeman ought to be discharged in disgrace from the force. The man who induces another to com-mit crime is himself a crithinal; if not always in the eyes of the law, he certainly is in fact and in justice; and a guardian of the peace who will stoop to such means to " detect " crime in order that he may arrest the " crim-inal" is certainly not a man to be trusted to guard the lives and property of the people. Such work is more demoralizing than would be the real crime which the law is designed to prevent. One of the worst features about this latter case, is that the officer is said to be quite " pious." And as this procurer of " crime " professes faith in the Bible, we earnestly com-mend to his attention the text which says, " All liars shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death." And also that other text, which, describing the New Jerusalem, the city of the redeemed, says: " There shall in no wise enter into it anything that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie." The New York police force cannot be purged of such creatures too soon, nor will the civil atmosphere be fit for honest men to breathe until the system which puts a premium upon such "detective" work has given place to one which will tend to preserve the self-respect and manhood of the guardians of the peace. PLAUSIBLE AND DANGEROUS TEACHING. IT may seem to some readers of the SENTI-NEL that its efforts are largely, expended in fighting a dragon of straw,Šin pointing out and opposing sentiments and purposes which are not seriously entertained by men of prom-inence and influence among the people. It is this ignorance on the part of so many that constitutes one of the gravest features of the situation. While the custodians of liberty sleep in the fancied security of their treasure, insidious foes are rapidly doing their work of invasion and spoliation. Counterfeit princi-ples are being everywhere put in circulation, which are accepted by the people as the true principles of liberty and justice. Already the logic of propositions, "laws," and judicial decisions in which the people seemingly ac-quiesce, demand the surrender of the birth-right liberties of American citizens. Some propositions which show what is being widely taught and accepted as sound doctrine concerning things which have to do with the liberties of the people, occur in an article by Rev. Christopher G. Hazard, in the Evangelist (New York) of January 23, entitled, " Why Does Society Enforce the Sabbath ?" We present them for the reader's consideration. " It is the State," says Mr. Hazard, " that has made sabbath law, and it is the State that is enforcing it. The State has deliberately adopted a large part of the Decalogue, and the fourth commandment has been included in that part adopted. To this extent society has set up the Hebrew State, and is resolved to maintain it." If this be true, it is time that the people should fully understand the fact, and its significance. Can the State rightfully adopt and under-take to enforce a part of the Decalogue? Can the civil power properly undertake to enforce a spiritual law ? " We know," writes Paul, " that the law is spiritual." Rom. 7:14. The Saviour in his sermon on the mount showed in commenting upon the command-ments forbidding killing and adultery, that they reach even to the thoughts of the heart. Hence if the State is to enforce this portion of the Decalogue, it must have some ans of getting at the thoughts of a person's heart. And this the civil authorities tried to do back in the Dark Ages by means of the rack, thumbscrew, and similar instruments of the " holy Inquisition." Are we ready to grant that the State is authorized to pursue a similar course to-day ? But it may be answered, no one claims that the State laws against murder and adultery are violated by mere thoughts in such direc-tions, but only by overt acts. Very well, then, such State laws are not a portion of the Decalogue. In other words, they are not laws against sin, but against crime. They forbid the overt act, as a violation of human rights; while the laws of the Decalogue forbid. both the act and the thought that is back of it, as a sin against the Creator. As concerns the fourth commandment, that precept of the Decalogue is certainly no less spiritual than are the sixth and the sev.  enth. Like them, it cannot be kept by mere outward conformity to its requirements. And so far from having power or authority to en-force this part of the Decalogue, the State has no authority even to enact a law of its own against Sabbath breaking. It has no authority even to define what the Sabbath is. If it has such authority, then it can also define what constitutes baptism, or the cele-bration of the Lord's supper. But we are told further by the above-named writer, thal "as moral law, the Sabbath has civil value. It has been well said, that where parents are dishonored, society cannot con-tinue, and that therefore no man's days can be long in the land; and to this may be added that where the Sabbath is dishonored, moral-ity cannot continue, and the prosperity of the State cannot follow." This sounds plausible, certainly; but there is nothing in it beyond the sound. It amounts, simply to this: Mo-rality as a featurn of individual character has a civil value. Certainly it has; but does it follow from this that the State should under-take to enforce morality? ConversionŠmaking a bad man goodŠhas a very high civil value. Converted, the thief ceases to steal, the violent man to assault and murder, the forger and counterfeiter to cause financial loss and dis-order; in short, if all the bad men were only converted, and would remain so, we would not need a police force, society would be safe, and incalculable trouble and loss would be avoided. But does it follow that the State can properly undertake the work of changing men's hearts ? The psalmist said, after he had grievously sinned, "Create in me a clean heart, 0 God." Ps. 51: 10. That is what conversion is, and only He who has creative power can do it. The State cannot compel children to honor their parents, save in appearance, and that 