86 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Glimpses from Afar. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. ONE has only to read Catholic literature to be con-vinced of the truth of the extreme vanity and presump-tion of the papal church. Their eternal boast is, that Catholic civilization excels the Protestant civilization, in the same measure as the light of the sun supersedes that of the stars. Right here in the Argentine Republic one has plenty of opportunities to study the veracity of this claim; and one or two proofs which we shall quote will be suffi-cient to show how void of truth is this Catholic boast. According to carefully-gleaned statistics, there are in the Argentine Republic, Paraguay, Bolivia, and the Chilian Republic, more than 3,500, 000 Indians. Should one come in contact with these IndiansŠas I myself have doneŠhe will find that 95 per cent. of them carry the seapularyŠwhich all good Catholics' carry upon their bosoms. The majority of them have been "bap-tized" by Catholic priests. Eleven years ago a certain Indian tribeŠvery fero-ciousŠwho wandered about in the national territory of the Gran Chaco, were invited one day to a conference by an Argentine military commander. Upon the arrival of the Indians near to the military encampment, the soldiersŠby order of the mayor in commandŠtook hold of the "heathen" Indians with iron grasp, and held them thus, much against their will, while a benevolent Roman Catholic clergyman made "Christians" of them by means of the drops of "holy water" which he sprinkled upon their heads. Thus was a savage tribe "converted" to the Catholic religion in one and a half hours. The Catholic Church for the last three hundred years has boasted of her wonderful missionary enterprises in South America. In the whole of this vast continent she has held full sway in matters of religion for three centuries and a half, since no Protestant missionary was permitted to preach in any of the South American republics, until thirty or forty years ago. Can the papal hierarchy show us an exemplary republic as the result of their absolute religious domination for the last three hundred years? Unfortunately for them they can-not. The more one penetrates into the interior prov-inces of this tremendous continent, where the Catholic power even now holds sway, the more ignorance, im-morality, treachery, fanaticism, and bloodthirstiness will he see exhibited among the people. Sure signs are these of papal rule. Yet the papal church desires to do for the United States what she ;has done for other Catholic nations. Would that Protestants would open their eyes to the falsity of the Catholic pretensions, and not be blinded by claims which cannot bear the;slightest§nvestiga-tion. What is more cruel, more ferocious, more abomina-ble, than the well-known bull fight! The human mind can scarcely imagine a more barbarous exhibition than that of a bull placed in a circus, to be the, victim of fiends in human form, calling themselves "toreros," "picadores," "banderilleros," whose highest pleasure is found in slaughtering the poor animal by such slow yet savage means, as to show that they are more brutish than the brute they have determined to kill. Yet one never hears of a bull fight in Germany, England, or any other Protestant nations; no, for such is one of the fruits of the Catholic religion. Wherever the papacy reigns supreme, there you will be sure to find such fiend-ish exhibitions as the above. For many years the bull fight has been prohibited in the Argentine Republic. Recently diplomatic rela-tions were re-established between the Vatican and the Argentine government, and scarcely had the papal nuncio arrived upon our Platine shores, than a certain Spanish company began to give "exhibitions" of bull fights, in the city- of Rosario, killing from two to four bulls every evening. Nearly all the secular journals clamored against such cruel exhibitions, appealing to the government to pnt a stop to them; but it is worthy of remark, that not a single protest was raised against them by any one of the official Catholic organs of the country. The education and civilization developed by the gospel is of a different character; it exalts the citizens of a nation by uprooting from their hearts all debasing and sanguinary inclinations. They who, learn in the school of Jesus can have no pleasure in exhibitions of cruelty such as I have mentioned. Hence we see the dif-ference between the Protestant civilization and educa-tion, and that of the Catholic Church. We leave you to judge, dear reader, which of the two disputants presents the best results. Buenos Ayres, Argentina. The Truth About Army Chaplains. From "The Lutheran Witness." THE agitation for more army chaplains is to the fore again. Here is what one of our exchanges has to say about the matter:Š "That the chaplaincy is not what it ought to be, has been evident for years to those who are conversant with the subject. What has been done by Congress in insti-tuting it was merely a small concession to the religious sentiment of the nation. It is not the result of a careful and studied effort to provide for the moral and religious improvement of the army. It is the result of a half-and-half policy; a regard on the one hand for an extreme interpretation of the doctrine of the divorcement of church and state, and, on the other, an acknowledgment of the fact that the American people are Christian; and that, as such, there should be some recognition of it in 