THE AIVI,ERICAN:SENTINEL. 7 the report says: "Mrs. Foote led the opposi-tion forces, and shoWed herself a fearless sol-'dier, full of fire and spirit. In fact, She got mad, . . . and for a few minutes it seemed quite like a masculine assemblage." Yes; we have no doubt that it did. Women, fearless and soldierly, full of fire and spirit, and mad, at that, are not apt to appear very feminine-like. But says the excellent reporter: "10;kw some people might think this little fray not a very proper thing, but I don't see why. It shows they are not afraid to do their own thinking, and although they are excellent women, they are very much like the excellent menŠsome-what human." Yes, that is just the trouble. It shows they are rather too much like the, not very, excellent men. And the observa-tihn which we would here make upon it is this: One of the principal reasons upon which these excellent women base their claim of the franchise and political equality with the men 'is that 'politics will be purified and all its methods elevated. But if this is the way in which the Christian women of the country act in a convention exclusively their own, and wholly separated from political strife, what would -be the result in, mixed, assemblages, where not only these, but un-Christian and ,anti-Christian women as well, should have free scope for their activities equally with the men, and all together .stirred with all the ele-ments of political strife? Hitherto we have been somewhat unsettled in our opinion in regard to woman suffrage, but nowŠwell, we don't know. This repOrt 'was written by Virginia Sharpe Patterson. A. T. J. Entirely Too Familiar. .The Christian Advocate says:Š, "An ill-constructed school-house in New York City collapses before its ,completion, :burying its builders in its ruins and causing much -of death and suffering. The Rothan Catholic priest for whose parochial uses it - was being erected is among the victims. Blame: is laid on the ',building inspector,' by whose connivance or oversight illegal expe-dients were resorted to, which brought about this terrible accident. What is his defense? Simply this : He knew the priest had suffi-cient political influence to obtain a permit for any constructive irregularities he might Choose to indulge in. Whether this be true or not is of less importance than the appalling ;factŠwhich none will denyŠthat such a charge may be brought against a priest with-out astonishing anyone. Roman Catholics justify the employment of all forcesŠmoral and immoralŠfor the advancement of the church ;' and Protestants are so familiar with the intermeddling of Rome with politics that they are no longer shocked by them." Yes, Protestants are- becoming entirely too familiar with the intermeddling of Rome with politics. In California one of the foremost preachersee of the Methodist Church on the Pacific Coast-:-;--C. C. Stratton, D. D.----goes on mission to Archbishop Riordon, to gain the co-operation of the Catholic church inia Mat-ter entirely political. In New York City the leading Protestant divines organize, for polit-W13,rk,,-and propose to ask Archbishop  Corrigan to serve on the committee which they appoint, to make their move politically effective. In the same State the fashionable watering-place preachers gathered at Saratoga, get together in a meeting and pass a motion commissioning the National Reform Associa-tion to secure if possible a basis of agreement with the Roman Catholic authorities, by which the public schools of the nation shall be given into the control of the Roman Church wherever the Catholics are in the majority. Yes, indeed, Protestants are becoming decidedly familiar with the intermeddling of Rome with politics. As greedy as these Protestant leaders are of political power, it is evident that they will be apt pupils, and un-der the tutorship of Archbishop Riordon, Arch-bishop Corrigan, Cardinal Gibbons, and the "Roman Catholic authorities" generally, we may rest perfectly assured that this familiar-ity will be rapidly and vastly increased. Nor does this familiarity at all seem to breed contempt on the part of these Protestant preacher-politicians; it seems rather to in-crease their admiration for the " well-favored harlot." Not the Church's Business. SOME time ago a prohibition paper quoted a lot of statistics concernhagthe last presidential election, and made the following comment and calculation:Š " There are in the United States 15,210,141 church members. The vote for President in 1884 was . . . St. John, 151,809, or about 10 to 1,000 church membership. Had the church-been united on the question of prohi-bition it might have polled instead about 3,042,028 votes:"  To this the Interior, in its issue of March 24, 1887, responded as follows:Š " This is very pretty arithmetic, no doubt, but it .offers "no help to prohibition. When telegraph wires can carry merchants' circulars with samples of goods inclosed, then may the. church' be expected to bear the bur-dens of statesmanship. The church' is so handyŠfor tired people to growl at. Every energetic soul with a scheme for the public good on hand, wants the church' to load up with his particular cargo. The church wasn't made for this sort of business. As well might the victim of pneumonia ask his heart,  to'pull him through by doing his breathing for him, or the bankers in time of panic whine because the public-school system does not go to work to restore public confidence. A pretty mess these well-meaning but incon-siderate reformers would make of itŠmixing up the nation's brains and howels in this fashion! 'The church' has one business in relation to the commonwealth, and one only Što produce a high type of manhood. States-manship belongs to an entirely different de-partment of public effort. We sympathize deeply with the temperance cause, and we spare no pains to advocate prohibition; but we are bound to say that a census of church members' votes in any particular issue is a piece of intolerable impertinence; and it will be a cold day both for the church and for pro-hibition when the church can be counted as solid for any prohibition candidate or party organization. We propose to reach the pro-hibition goal, but we are not going to do it by fetching our heels and head together 'and  turning ourselves into a rolling hoop for dem-agogues to drive with their little sticks." We like the style of the Interior's remarks. They are refreshing, and will do to refer to at some future time. Nevertheless we are mor-ally certain that the Interior will erelong per-form the very gymnastic feat which it now scouts. A little time will work great changes. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, AN EIGHT-PAGE IJONVIILY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO THE DEFENSE OF AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS, THE PRES. ERVATION OF THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION AS IT IS, SO FAR AS REGARDS RELIGION OR RELIGIOUS TESTS, AND THE MAINTENANCE OF CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS RIGHTS. It Will ever Be Uncompromisingly Opposed to Anything Tending Toward a UNION OF' CHURCH AND STATE, Bilker in Name or in Fad. It will discuss subjects'of the deepest interest to all American citizens, and every position taken will be fortified by sound argument. Terms: Fifty cents per year, post-paid ; sample copies free. If you will send us the names of two new subscribers at fifty cents each, we will send you the paper one year free, or in clubs of five or more copies we will send the papers at the rate of thirty cents each per year. We will send the AMERICAN SENTINEL one year, and any book mentioned below, post-paid, for the price named opposite the book. Or they can be obtained from any State T. and M. Society. "Practical Manual of Hygiene and Temperance," - -"Revised Version of the New Testament," - - - " The Life of Christ" (800 pp.), by C. Geikie, D. D., - - " The -United States in Prophecy," - - - - - - "The Coming Conflict in this Country,"  "The Constitutional Amendment, the Sunday Law and the Sabbath Question,"  1 25 "The Atonement in the Light of Nature and the Reve- lation," by J. H. Waggoner,  1 25 "Our CountryŠthe Marvel of Nations," its Past, Present, and Future, by Uriah Smith,  1 35 The Pacific ifealth Journal, a 32-page monthly magazine of Hygiene and Temperance, one year, - - , - - 1 35 " The Great Controversy between Christ and Satan," over 20 full-page illustrations, popular edition, - - 1 75 Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, 1059 Castro St., Oakland, Cal. ITEALDSBURG COLLEGE, HEALDSBURG, CAL. A MODEL EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION;  ESTABLISHED IN 18$2. FIVE YEARS OF GREAT PROSPERITY BECAUSE FOUNDED ON"SOUND PRINCIPLES. LABOR COMBINED WITH STUDY. FOUR course: of instruction, classical, scientific, biblical, and normal ; also preparatory instruction given in a primary and a grammar course. Instruction thorough and practical, not only in the collegi-ate courses but especially so in the preparatory courses. Discipline rigid, yet parental, combined with strong moral and religious influences. Expenses moderate. The whole cost to the student for tui-tion, board, lodging, lights, washing,Šall expenses except for books and clothes, from $16 to $22 per month of four weeks. Spring term begins January 3, 188S. For descriptive cata-logue and further information address the principal, W. C. GRAINGER, Healdsburg, Cal. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. THIS package contains thirteen tracts treating upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as followa :Š NO. PAGES. 1. Religious Legislation,  8 2. Religious Liberty,   8 3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscienee,  16 4. The American Papacy,.  16 5. Bold and Base Avowal,   16 B. National Reform is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,  8 8. The Salem Witchcraft,  8 9. What Think Ye of Christ?  8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,  24 11. The Republic of Israel,  8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism,.  32 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurdity,  16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Afidressi AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, 01114 $1 00 1 00 1 00 r oo 1 00 