222 THE AlViERIGANT incite or compel those internal and voluntary emo-tions which shall induce it ; and human penalties, at most, could only enforce the observance of idle ceremonies, which, when unwillingly performed, are alike valueless to all the participants, and de-void of all the elements of true worship.ŠConsti-tutional Limitations, X 469, 3. To state the proposition in another form, Macaulay, in his review of Gladstone, " Church and State," says :Š Now here are two great objects : one is the protec-, tion of persons and estates of citizens from injury; the other is the propagation of religious truths. No two objects more entirely distinct can well be imr,g-ined. The former belongs wholly to the visible and tangible world in which we live ; the latter belongs to that higher world which is beyond the reach of our senses. The former belongs to this life; the latter, to that which is to come. Men who are per-fectly agreed as to the importance of the former object, and as to the way of obtaining it, differ as widely as possible, respecting the latter object.ŠPar. 13. There is one prominent doctrine set forth in the foregoing quotations to which there must be a general agreement : that is, that the Christian religion is de-signed to do a work which civil govern-ment is in nowise qualified to do. The former accomplishes its mission, and saves the transgressor of God's law, by offering mercy to all who confess their guilt. The latter restrains crime only by the rigid ap-plication of its laws, which can in no way change men's hearts. There is no mercy in law, not even in that of Jehovah. True, the word " mercy " occurs in the moral law, but its use there in no way sig-nifies that there is mercy in the execution of that law. Neither could God make men good and save them by the moral law after sin' had once entered the world. It was therefore necessary that an atoning sacrifice be offered in behalf of man, and thus the gospel was established, by which all who choose may be eternally saved. The gospel, thus necessitated, was commit-ted to the Church to be proclaimed and administered ; but never to the State. In the hands of the Church, it is God's su-pernatural interposition for the salvation of individual sinners. The State having no gospel, nothing but law, and that only of human enactment, cannot, from the very nature of the case, be qualified to in-struct in matters of faith and conscience. J. 0. CORLISS. SOME of the provisions in the Sunday laws of New York, are worthy of having emanated from the Sunday Union itself, instead of being, as they are, a survival of the blue-law code established by the Church and State union of Colonial days. The Ellicottville (N. Y.) News, makes this jocose suggestion: " Hunting on Sunday, subjects the offender to a fine of twenty-five dollars. One half of the fine goes to the prosecutor. Here is an opportunity for some one to make money without very much hard work." How long will it be before this will be adopted, together with the grab-bag and the church-lottery, as a legitimate means of assisting the church and Sunday-school treasuries ? What We May, Expect. THE Washington Baseball Club has been prevented from filling an engage-ment for a Sunday game at Atlantic Park, Washington, by the Commissioners of the District of Columbia. District Commissioner Douglass thus states the law and the gospel of the case, as reported in the Washington Evening Star:Š " Commissioner Douglass in an inter-view with a Star reporter upon the sub-ject said: ' I thought it would shock the country to learn that such a thing as Sunday baseball was permitted at the national capital. If we had been unsuc-cessful in finding a law I should have done my utmost to manufacture one.' " " You found a law then ?" queried the Star man. " Yes, we did, the old common law of England held that the Christian religion was part of the,  common law, and when the first settlers came to this coun-try they brought the common law with them. You know that it's against the Christian religion to play ball on Sunday, for on the face of it, it's a violation of the fourth commandment. That is the law we operated upon in this case." So the time has already come when the Commissioners, having in charge the ad-ministration of the local government of the national capital, search the statute books for an authority, however obscure, to uphold them in enforcing a religious requirement; and openly assert their readiness to manufacture a law to suit if none shall be found. So far as its applicability is concerned, that is just what they have done,Š man-ufactured a law. Blackstone says, in Book IV, page 58 (Cooley's Blackstone) : " These are offenses punishable at common law by fine and imprisonment, or Other infamous corporal punishment; for Christianity is part of the laws of England." Commis-sioner Douglass is no more endowed with authority to decide what is a " violation of the fourth commandment," or with power to enforce such a decision, than is the chief executive of this Nation endowed with political perfection, because Black-stone says, in Book I. page 245 (Cooley's Blackstone), " The law also ascribes to the king, in his political capacity, absolute perfection. The king can do no wrong. . . . The king, moreover, is not only incapable of doing wrong, but even of thinking wrong; he can never mean to do an improper thing : in him is no folly or weakness." One of these political dogmas is just as sound as the other, and if one may be applied as binding now and here, the other may be also, for the same reason. The Christian religion is a part of the law of the land; the President (and Com-missioner Douglass) " can do no wrong, neither think any wrong, in him is no folly or weakness." This is the perfection  which the Commissioner has arrogated to himself in assuming to decide that to play ball on Sunday is a violation of the fourth commandment, and then, as he says, " to operate upon at law." The Commissioner decides that when Jehovah wrote, on Sinai, "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou shalt not do any work," etc., he intended to have written, " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, is the rest day of a Christian nation, in it thou shalt not play baseball," etc. ; and having so determined, the Commissioner by virtue of divine right of authority as the repre-sentative of the chief executive, who can do no wrong, constitutes himself the vice-gerent of God to enforce his law. This is the common law precedent upon which the Commissioner has seen fit to take summary action as a public official of the capital city of the United States. It is well to look through that chapter of Blackstone on " Offenses against God and Religion," from which the Commis-sioner obtains his " law," that we may know what to expect in the future. (See Cooley's Blackstone, Book IV, pp. 41-64.) In this chapter Blackstone enters into the consideration of those offenses " which are more immediately injurious to God and his holy religion." I. Of this species (of offenses) the first is that of apostasy, or a total renunciation of Christianity, by embracing either a false religion, or no religion at all. This offense can only take place in such as have once professed the true religion. . . . II. A second offense is that of heresy, which consists, not in a total denial of Christianity, but of some of its essential doctrines, publicly and obstinately avowed. III. Another species of offenses against religion are those which affect the established church. And these are either positive or negative: positive, by reviling its ordinances; or negative, by non-conformity to its worship. IV. The fourth species of offenses, therefore, more immedi-ately against God and religion, is that of blasphemy against the Almighty, by denying his being or providence; or by con-tumelious reproaches of our Saviour Christ. Whither also may be referred all profane scoffing at the holy Scriptures, or ex-posing it to contempt and ridicule. These are offenses punish-able at common law by fine and imprisonment, or other infamous corporal punishment; for Christianity is part of the laws of England. . . . VI. A sixth species of offense against God and religion of which our ancient books are full, is a crime of which one knows not well what account to give. I mean the offense of witchcraft, conjuration, enchantment, or sorcery. . . . VII. A seventh species of offenders in this class are all religious impostors; such as falsely pretend an extraordinary commission from heaven; or terrify and abuse the people with false denunciations of judgments. These, as tending to subvert all religion, by bringing it into ridicule and contempt, are punishable by the temporal courts with fine, imprisonment, and infamous corporal punishment. . . . IX. Profanation of the Lord's day, vulgarly (but improperly) called Sabbath-breaking, is a ninth offense against God and religion, punished by the municipal law of England. . . . And therefore the laws of King Athelstan forbade all merchan-dizing on the Lord's day, under very severe penalties. And by the statute 27 Henry VI., chap. 5, no fair or market shall be held on the principal festivals, Good Friday, or any Sunday (except the four Sundays in harvest), on pain of forfeiting the goods exposed to sale. And since, by the statute 1 Car. I., chap 1, no person shall assemble out of their own parishes for any sport whatsoever upon this day; nor in their parishes, shall use any bull or bear-bating, interludes, plays, or other unlawful exercise, or pastimes; on pain that every offender shall pay 8s. 4d. to the poor. These are some of the provisions of Chapter IV. Book IV., Blackstone's Com-mentaries, from which the Commissioners of the District of Columbia obtain their law for the ordering of the civil affairs of the capital of this free and enlightened country, just entering upon the last dec-ade of the nineteenth century, and after more than a hundred years of supposed separation of Church and State. W.H.M. 