178 VoL. 11, No. 23. almost wholly sun worship, or nature worship, which is the same thing, as the sun plays so important a part in all the processes of nature.' All pagans were polytheists, but the chief deity everywhere was the sun, or, as we have already explained, some real or fancied power of that great luminary, and all others were honored because of their fancied relation to him. Ammon-Ra. One of the gods of Egypt was Ammon, which name " is said to have meant, etymologically, the concealed god;' and the idea of Am-mon," says Rawlinson,' " was that of a rec-ondite, incomprehensible divinity, remote from man, hidden, mysterious, the proper object of the profoundest reverence. Practi-cally, this idea was too abstract, too high-flown, too metaphysical, for ordinary minds to conceive of it; and so Ammon was at an early date conjoined with Ra, the sun, and worshiped as Ammon-Ra, a very intelligible god, neither more nor less than the physical sun, the source of light and life, the lord of existences, and support of all things.' " The Greeks worshiped the sun under various names, among which was Adonis. The same name was also applied to the sun by the Babylo-nians by whom it was associated with Tammuz.' But both were sun gods, the former being the father of the latter. Tammuz was the " sun when obscured by night or in winter." That is to say, Adonis was the sun shining in his strength; Tammuz, the same luminary, wholly or partly obscured. Hence the cus-tom of weeping for Tammuz and rejoicing at his " resurrection." A similar relation was by the Egyptians supposed to exist between Ra and Osiris, namely, that of father and son. The Feast of Tammuz. The annual festival of Tammuz, " which celebrated his supposed death and resurrec-tion, was a time of mourning followed by one of joy."' It was one of the most abominable .of festivals, being a season of prostitution as a religious rite. It was upon the occasion of the celebration of this festival that Babylon was taken by the Medes and Persians, as re-corded in the 5th chapter of Daniel. Refer-ence is also made to this most abominable of religious customs in Ezek. 8: 14. Sun worship always involved a multitude of gods. Probably no people ever exceeded the Egyptians in the number of their objects of worship, but they were all more or less re-motely connected with sun worship. Like other nations of antiquity the Egyp-tians attributed to the sun life-giving, or reproductive power, and like the Babylon-ians, some of their religious rites were too vile for description. They worshipped both the male and female principle in nature, the former residing in the sun and derived from him; the latter belonging to the earth, moon, etc. The most sacred symbol of divinity was the bull-god Apis. This beast was kept at Memphis and was attended by nude women. But Ra or Ammon-Ra was pre8minently the sun-god of the Egyptians " and was,"  says Rawlinson, " especially worshipped at Heliopolis. Obelisks, according to some, All paganism is at bottom a worship of nature in some form or other, and in all pagan religions the deepest and most awe-inspiring attribute of nature was its power of re-production. The mystery of birth and becoming was the deepest mystery of nature; it lay at the root of all thought. ul paganism, and appeared in various forms some of a more nnocent, others of a most debasing type.ŠEncyclopcedia Britannica, Article "Christianity." Ancient Religions," p. 17. See "Encyclopedia Britannica," Vol. III., p. 103, "Schaff-Herzog," Vol. IV., Art. Tammuz, 1 4, Ancient Religions," p, 20, represented his rays, and were always, or usually, erected in his honor."' Osiris was a form of Ra, and corresponded in some respects to the Babylonian Tammuz, the Roman Hercules and the Greek Adonis. " He was the light of the lower world," says Rawlinson, " from the time he sinks be-low the horizon in the west to the hour he reappears above the eastern horizon in the morning. This physical idea was how-ever, at a later date modified, and Osiris was generally recognized as the perpetually pre-siding lord of the lower world, the king or judge of Hades or Amenti," ° hence was spec-ially worshiped by penitents. A Roman at the Altar of Osiris. Our illustration is a scene in the temple of Osiris at Abydos. The visitor from the city of Romulus, finds in the Egyptian Osiris simply another phase of Hercules, and having offered his petition to this god of Kern, he receives with all the humility at the command of a Roman, the blessing of the Egyptian priest ministering at the altar of " the lord of the lower world." Sun-worship has left its indelible mark upon the civilization of the race. Even modern Christianity is largely influenced by some of its customs. At a very remote period the days of the week were dedicated to the principal heavenly bodies. The sun being regarded as the source of all things was honored with the first place; and his day, identical with the modern Sunday, was es-teemed the most sacred of festivals. It was not however, a period of rest but one of festivity; nor was it until the early centuries of the Christian era that it came to have any sabbatic character whatever, which was first attached to it by Gentile " Christians" in opposition to the Sabbath observed by the Jews. The Sabbath of the Hebrews was the sev-enth day, and was given to them by the Jehovah as a memorial of the finished cre-ation. Sunday was the sign, rather, of the continual activity of the sun, and was by the pagans contrasted with the Sabbath rather than likened to it. The Sabbath testified that "the works were finished from the foundation of the world"; the Sunday, that the creation was still in progress under the divine energy of the Sun. The two days were the signs of rival systems. Reason for Sunday Observance. When the early Christians, from reasons of expediency, adopted the Sunday of paganism in lieu of the Sabbath of the Lord, they adopted likewise the pagan reason for its observance; conjoining it, however, to some extent, with reasons for the true Sabbath, and of course ascribing the work which it was supposed to commemorate to Jehovah instead of to the sun, as did the pagans. For instance, Justin Martyr, in his apology for the Christians, addressed to the Emperor of Rome, said: " Upon Sunday we all as-semble, that being the first day in which God set himself to work upon the dark void, in order to make the world." Of course, to the pagan the sun was God, and the reason as-signed by Justin Martyr was the pagan reason for honoring the sun's day. It will be seen that Sunday in its every phase is opposed to the Sabbath of the Lord, and it is for this reason that Sabbatarians uniformly refuse to pay it any regard. In-stead of being the Christian Sabbath, it is, and always has been, the symbol of a false god and a false and debasing worshipŠa wor-ship the most hateful to God of any form of idolatry.° (See 8th chapter of Ezekiel.) SPIRITUALISM IN BALTIMORE. THE Catholic Mirror, of May 23, devotes a column of editorial comment to the preva-lence of Spiritualism in Baltimore. " Every morning," says the Mirror, " in the [Balti-more] Sun, we find half a column of an-nouncements of where wonderful mediums are to be seen and s4ances are to be held, and all over town one hears of signs and wonders. Last week Spiritualism even figured in a murder trial, and at least one juryman was governed in his contribution to the verdict by his belief in the reality of certain incidents that were sworn to as having occurred at a sitting where spirits were called up. . . " Everybody, it is said, attends these s4-ances, and many do beyond doubt; otherwise the mediums, who, while dealing in unsubstan-tial things otherwise, handle only hard cash, would not flock here in such numbers. Some of them are declared to be coining money, and in their waiting rooms, as described to us, are gathered, morning after morning, crowds of visitors of all classes, the scene' not unlike that at some fashionable physician's." What seems to have called forth this com-ment from the Mirror, is the fact that Roman Catholics are included among these visitors to the haunts of professed intercourse between the living and the dead; and at this the Catholic organ professes some surprise. " Catholics among the rest," it says, " are said to go to these places; but one naturally wonders what sort of Catholics. By the church, dabbling in Spiritualism is distinctly forbidden, and Father Clarke, S. J., of Eng-land, in an interesting pamphlet, has pointed out why. Any one who consults mediums positively imperils his or her spiritual welfare. The sincere Spiritualists frankly admit that at least nine-tenths of the operators are frauds and their exhibitions the dreariest sort of humbuggery. . . But if any part of the exhibitions given belongs to the other world, what world is it? Father Clarke plainly tells us that such manifestations can only come from a diabolic source, with which any God-fearing and sensible person wishes as little to do as possible." This view given by " Father " Clarke and indorsed by the Mirror is undoubtedly true; bat what consistent ground has either of these Catholic authorities for advocating it ? Do they not both believe in communication be-tween the living and the dead ? Is not the Roman Catholic religion based upon the doc-trine of prayers to the dead, which bring aid from the latter to the living ? Does that religion not hold that prayers to the Virgin Mary and a large number of " saints" who have been many years dead, are of vital impor-tance to our welfare? Does it not also counte-nance many tales of the miraculous appearances of the Virgin and these dead " saints" to the living ? There can be no denial upon these points. How then can Roman Catholics con-sistently oppose the idea that the dead appear and communicate with the living in the man-ner which Spiritualism sets forth ? We think it not at all strange that the city which is the seat of the highest papal author-ity in this country, should also be distin-guished as a center of the manifestations of Spiritualism. The two religions are founded upon the same idea, and naturally belong together. The time will come,Šhas indeed all but come,Šwhen false religions and religious bodies which have fallen away from God and retain merely the forms of godliness, will join hands with Spiritualism for mutual sup-port and advancement. The testimony of the dead, who are supposed to know so much 