The G-raphic Atlas AND Gazetteer of the World. With over 220 Maps, Charts, Plans of Cities, etc., All revised to the present date. ŠALSOŠ GAZETTEER with nearly 55,000 PLACES and RESULTS of NEW CENSUS. By J C BARTHOLOMEW, F.R.0 S., F R.S E. Quarto (size, 10% x 8% inches), half morocco, gilt top. PUBLISHER'S PRICE, - V, 50 OUR PRICE, Post-paid, $3.75 Throughout the Atlas the countries of the world have been treated with fullness in proportion to their commercial importance and interest. In the United States section a separate Map is given of each of the States and Territories. The Canadian Provinces are treated in similar detail. These Maps have been specially compiled from the latest and best Government Survey Maps, and have undergone local revision for the verification of New Counties, Townships and Railways. Among the special features are Maps of the Hudson and Rhine Rivers, the Yosemits Valley, United States Rail-ways, British Isles Railways, mean Annual Temperature, mean Annual Rainfall; also Maps showing environs of New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, San Francisco, New Orleans, Montreal, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Rio Janeiro, London, Liverpool, Manchester, Moville, Paris, Vienna, Rome, Constantinople, Cape Town, Jerusalem, etc., etc. The GAZETTEER of the W OR L P is a valuable feature for such a book of reference. It contains entries for about 55,000 places, is compiled from the latest authorities, and is specially complete in American names. The results of the New Census have been incorporated, For compactness and portability this volume is, in proportion to its ample contents, quite unique among Atlases. ŠADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS,. 43 Bond Street, New York City. 3ANTIAILY 4, 1895. .A.mmatc.AN .31 the repression of vice, the prevention of crime, should be the work solely of legal functionaries regularly appointed and duly responsible, such as the courts, dis-trict-attorneys, the, grand juries and the police. If these are negligent or corrupt the right remedy lies in replacing them with better men, and not in licensing pri-vate and irresponsible associations, which may be composed of corrupt or incapable men, to assume powers that belong prop-erly to the legitimate agents of the law. Dr. Parkhurst's society, it is true, has rendered inestimable service to the public, but in the hands of bad men it might have done irreparable wrong. And if admin-istration were what it ought to be there would never have been occasion for the existence of that society. There is at least one society organized under the same law which is under grave suspicion of having blackmail and extortion for its sole objects. What this community needs is a more thorough and conscientious enforcement of law by the regularly constituted agencies of the law. The people of the State can secure it if they will.ŠNew York World, Dec. 29, 1894. Ł The Whipping-Post. THE proposition of Commodore Elbridge T. Gerry, of 'one of our societies for the prevention of cruelty, to revive the whip-ping-post in this State has been enthusi-astically indorsed by the Public Health Section of the Academy of Medicine, and Senator O'Connor has submitted to the Senate a bill embodying it. Although doubtless well meant as a protest against the enervating influences of modern civilization and effective as far as it goes in a restoration of the obsolete cruelties of barbarous ages, this bill is crude and imperfect in its scopeŠa halting attempt to grapple with a great evil which obviously needs strong remedies. Kind Commodore Gerry stops with a limit of merely forty lashes on the naked backs of certain classes of offenders. If we are going to try to cure crime with cruelty why limit it to flogging and to forty lashes ? Why not be thorough ? Citizens of New York have lately been favored with an exhibition of the cele-brated collection of instruments of torture of the Nuremberg Museum, as well as of those of the reformatory of Elmira. The new opera of "The Scarlet Letter" teems with suggestions of antique punishment, and China is very much in evidence with her cangues and other devices for inflicting cruelty on the cruel, for making "the punishment fit the crime." If Commodore Gerry is consistent and has the courage of his convictions, he will not rest content with his trivial and in-adequate whipping-post. He will supple-ment his tentative suggestion by calling to his aid the resources of the past. He will give us not merely the knout, the cat and the bastinado, but the ducking-stool and the pillory, the thumbscrew, the boot, the gauntlets and bilboes for ordinary criminals, and for extreme cases, such as resistance to an officer of the Gerry soci-ety, the rack, the wheel, the peine forte et dare, or even "something lingering in boiling oil." If we are going to renounce civilization and return to savagery, let us not stop half way.ŠThe World, Jan. 14. The PARLIAMENT of RELIGIONS. Tuts work is complete in one large octavo volume, and is a careful compilation of all of the proceedingsŠat once a fasci nating story and a book of universal value. The book gives the origin of the Parliament of Religions; proceedings of every meeting of the Parliament; speeches delivered and papers read at every session of the noted gathering; the beliefs of the various religious denominations; opinions of eminent divines hi regard to the Pailiament; influence of the Parliament upon the religious thought of the world. Published by F. T. Neely, Chicago. 1,000 pages. PriceŠCloth, . . $2.50. We have made arrangements with the publisher so that we can offer this book to our subscribers, together With the "American Sentinel," for $2.75, Only 25 cents more than the price of the book alone. This offer applies to either new subscriptions or to renewals. We will supply this book alone at the regular prico - $2.50. This book is not offered because we approve the Parliament of Religions, but because it is a history of one of the most remarkable and significant religious gatherings ever held. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVEL/NG PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Rich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway' System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mice long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P, & T. A. C. & G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. FRANK P. DWYER, Ł Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. "I AM SURPRISED," Says Prof. E. A. Sheldon, Presi-dent of the New York State Normal School, Oswego, "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a price." Yes, The NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY and COMPLETE VEST-POCKET LIBRARY is full of happy surprises. It successfully combines in one small volume of vest-pocket size, A Dictionary of 45,S00 words, A Complete Parliamentary Manual, (Based on Roberts' and Cushing's) A Literary Guide, etc. - FOR THE VEST-POCKET OR THE WRITING DESK Simple, - - Handy, - - Just what everybody needs for every-day use. DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows.Š FINE SILK CLOTH, Red edges, - - 25 cents,  MOROCCO. Gold edges, - - - - 50 cents. EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Mem-orandum, Three - Years Calendar, Stamp Holder, etc.. - - - 60 cents. All three styles are indexed. ŠADDRESSŠ PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. .° PRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the R Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted. 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street. Brattleboro, Vt. 