AMERICAN SENTINEL. 309 did not 19 us, although our knowledge of the subject, and of how to teach it, was meager. As I look back to that time and realize the ignorance and error out of which we were struggling, I can but wonder that God could use us at all; it was only because he knew we were struggling out that he could use us. I have felt during this narration that I am writing of the days when I was a heathen; and before I proceed farther I must leave recorded on the same page with the story of the guns, the fact that it did not take us long to find out that our leader was the Prince of Peace, and that any-thing like an instrument of war was not pleasing to him; so that the gun was replaced by a rattan, and the manual of arms by a simple code Of physical exercise suitable for both boys and girls. But this was not yet; and I must give the history as it was, even if I reveal how ob-scure was the light which was as yet shining on my own path. The day that our Cold Water Army took its first march and formed in hollow square on the Court House Green for the first time was a memorable one. Our prog-ress had been noted in the city papers, and everybody knew about our movements. I think it is safe to say that this little army excited an interest as deep, as true and tender as any that had ever started out on its first par-ade. Thousands of people came from all the country about to witness the ceremony of "swearing in the troops" which was to take place on the Green. This was to con-sist in the public administration of the Triple. Pledge which had been adopted by the army, and which as nearly as I can remember was as follows:Š "I do solemnly promise that I will forever abstain from the use of all alcoholic beverages, including wine, beer, and cider, and from all profane and impure expres-sions, and from tobacco in all its forms, God being my helper." The army had met on the drill ground, had gone through a little exercise to freshen them up, and then had marched through the throngs that followed and with wet eyes watched their every movement; and at last stood in a perfect hollow square in the wide open Court House yard. A dense mass of men, women, and children surrounded them and stretched off down every street; windows and roofs were filled with eager spectators. How beautiful, how brave, how pathetic is that scene as I look back on it through the years! Those little white-capped and jacketed men, with the soft blending of the red, white, and blue; the guns held at rest; the banners at the head of each company, and "Old Glory" dipping and swelling from the standard in the gentle May breeze; and about them loyally "standing by" those six hundred girls in white with national sashes, ready to "do or die," which to them meant to sing, smile, and be happy for the blessed temperance cause. When at last the moment had come it was my office to step to the center of that hollow square and "admin-ister the oath" as the men and newspapers called it. I  lifted my right hand and every soldier standing with his. gun at rest in his left hand raised his cap with his. right, and repeated after me the solemn promise, which meant so much more than they or any of us had as yet dreamed. "IT is announced," says the Herald and Presbyter,.  "that the pope of Rome has bestowed his special benedic-tion upon Spain in her war with the United States." We do not know upon what authority this announcement rests; but it is strongly corroborated by the news of the great Spanish disaster at Manila. A Solemn Warning.ŠNo. 2. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE worship of Jehovah could have nothing in com-mon with idolatrous worship, and especially was this so of sun-worship. When in Egypt the children of Israel had been brought into contact with this degrading worship. And when the Lord delivered his people from Egypt he pur-posed to separate them entirely from it. Accordingly, wherever the Israelites encamped, God gave instruction that the tabernacle should be pitched so that the entrance should face the east. This would necessitate the people of God, in coming together to wor-ship him, facing the west, and so turning their backs upon the sun. This would be a continual reminder to them that the two systems of worship could have nothing in Common. Notwithstanding all this, it can be plainly seen in the Bible that as often as the people apostatized from the Lord and turned their backs upon him, they turned to the worship of the sun. Nor was this sun-worship confined to the nations prior to the coming of Christ. It was the prevailing reli-gion long after his time. And we are told that it was the plan of some of the Roman emperors to unite all the reli-gions, including the Christian religion, into one; the sun to be the central object of adoration. Thus we read of Elagabalus, the Roman emperor: "If we may believe the biographies on the Augustan history, a more ambitious scheme had dawned upon the mind of the emperor. The Jewish, the Samaritan, even the Christian, religions were to be fused and recast into one great system, of which the sun was to be the central object of adoration."ŠMilma,n' s History of Christianity. Later the ambition of this emperor was accomplished to the extent that even before the beginning of the fourth century Christianity had united itself to paganism in the worshiping of the sun. This may appear strange to many who have been taught to look to the early "fathers" for example. But it is nevertheless true. Even of Christianity of the second century, rosheim, 