THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.  77 Christian principle knows only the force of conscientious conviction, aroused to action by persuasive reason, under the blessed influ-ence of the Spirit of God. Christian principle knows no power but the power of God as man-ifested in the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. Believing this with all our heart, although we are decidedly in favor of temperance, of Chris-tian temperance, of woman's Christian temper-ance, and even of woman's Christian temper-ance union, we are just as decidedly opposed to the political aspirations of Cie Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union proposes to establish a theocracy in this coun-try, and to that end demands that the bal-lot shall be put into the hands of women. Proof "A true theocracy is yet to come; . . . hence I pray devoutly, as a Christian *riot, for the ballot in the hands Of women, and re-joice that the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union has so long championed this cause."Ñ W. O. T. U. Monthly Reading for September, 1886. Now the establishment of a man-made, or a woman-made, theocracy will be but a repeti-tion of the establishment and working of the hideous principles of the Papacy, if not the establishment of the Papacy itself, in this country. The Papacy is a theocracy. Its workings throughout history have been but the practice of the principles of a man-made theperacyÑsuch a theocracy as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union proposes to estab-lish here by the ballot. The rule of such a theocracy is the wickedest rule that the world has known or can know. It puts man in the place of God, and deifies human passions; and such a regime is but one remove from that of Satan himself. Therefore, as such a theocracy is such a wicked thing, as it is such an utter perversion of every principle of government, we are entirely and everlastingly opposed to it. And as the Na-tional Woman's Christian Temperance Union is pledged to the establishment of such a theocracy, and rejoices that it has so long championed such a cause, we are entirely and everlastingly opposed to that part of the aims and workings of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. And why should we be blamed for it? In order to the establishment of this the-ocracy here, they "pray devoutly for the bal-lot in the hands of women." But whenever the ballot is put into the hands of women, for any such purpose as that,,then the ballot will be the worst thing that was ever put into the hands of a woman. Again; the SENTINEL is first, last, and all the time, opposed to the aims of the National Reform Association. That Association like-wise proposes to turn this Government into a theocracy, ruled by the "leaders and teachers in the churches." It declares that dissenters from National Reform opinions '5  cannot dwell 'together on the same continent" with the National Reformed Christianity ; and that "there is nothing out of hell" that should not be " tolerated" as soon as these. In Sen-ator Blair's proposed National Sunday law and constitutional amendment, both of which are now pending in the United States Senate, the National Reformers see taken the first steps towards making effective their " tolerant" intentions. Now the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union is the closest ally, and the most powerful support, that the National Reform Association has in this Nation to-day. Many of the officers of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union are also vice-presidents of the National Reform Association. It was the Woman's Christian Temperance Union that first started the petitions for this National Sunday law, which pleases the National Re-formers so well, and which so fitly plays into their hands; and the Union went before the Senate Committee with the names of one and a half million petitioners, and more to follow, in favor of that law which, in more than one of its provisions, is subversive of liberty, and which savors all over of tyranny. It is perfectly safe to say that from the position which she occupies, the present president of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, herself alone, is doing more to spread National Reform ideas and principles than are all the National Reform " District Secreta-ries " put together. And there are other lead-ers of the Union who are not much behind her in this bad accomplishment. Therefore, as we are totally opposed to the aims of the National Reform Association, and as the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is the most powerful support of that Associa-tion, we are, consequently, totally opposed to that part of the workings of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. And why should we not be? Nor is this all. We view with grave appre-hensions the encroachments of the Papal power, on its own part, upon the civil institu-tions of this Government. Everybody knows that the Papacy has never wearied of con-demning our public schools because they are not made the medium of religious instruction. The .National Reform Association and its al-lies now echo the Papal condemnation, and seek to remove the cause of it, by the pend-ing amendment to the National Constitution, in which the National power is pledged to see that every State "shall establish and main-tain " a system of religious public schools. Now to secure this and the co-operation of the Papacy at the same time, the National Reform Association agrees that the Catholic Bible, and Catholic instruerion, shall be established in the public schools wherever " Roman Catholics are in the majority." And also in securing and enforcing the pending National Sunday law, the National Reformers pledge them-selves to " gladlyjoin hands " with the Roman Catholics, and to make repeated advances to secure the co-operation of the Roman Catho-lics "in any form in which they may be will-ing to exhibit it." Therefore the two points, Ñthe National. Sunday law, and religion in the public schools,Ñupon which the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is diligently working to secure National religious legisla-tion, are the very points upon which the Na-tional Reform Association stands pledged to unite with the Papacy. Now the Woman's Christian Temperance Union supports the National Reform Associa-tion. The National Reform Association is pledged to Rome. Rome stands pledged for-ever to the subversion of every principle of liberty. Therefore, as we are forever opposed to the encroachments of Rome, so we are for-ever opposed to that part of the working of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union which supports the National Reform Associ-ation, which is pledged to Rome. And why should we not be opposed to it? And why should not everybody else be opposed to it? We know that there are many of the women of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union who do not favor the political, nor the theocratical, nor the National Reform, aspirations of the leaders of the Union. We know a number of women who have sepa-rated themselves from the workings of the Union because of the very things which we have here pointed out. They joined the Un-ion to work for Christian temperance upon Christian principles, and to secure the prac-tice of Christian temperance by Christian means. But when they saw that by the lead- ership of the Union, political efforts and means were supplanting the Christian princi-ples, efforts, and means,. they left it. They did well to leave it. And so will every other woman do well to leave it, who does not want to be sold into the hands of Rome through the political, theocratical, and National Re-form aspirations of the present leadership' of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union. We only pray that the whole body of the Union, leadership and all, may awake to the danger of their position before they shall have delivered the civil power, and themselves and us all with it, into the hands of a religious despotism. Mr  ¥ 1.. The Prohibition Party.` NoT long since one of the editors of the SEN-TINEL made a speech in San Diego, Cal., on re-; ligious legislation in general, and Senator Blair's proposed National Sunday law and religious amendment to the Constitution in particular. We gave a sketch of the theocrat-ical workings of the church, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and the Prohi-bition party, with the National Reform Asso-ciation, and the aim of the National Reformers to hand over the whole thing to the Papacy as soon as the Papacy is ready. The San Diego Sun stated that in this we "assumed what every member of these organizations will promptly deny." We do not think that the statement of facts can rightly be consid-ered assumption. As to the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, we give our position in regard to that elsewhere in this paper. We wish now to show that when we name the Prohibition party in the same category we as-sume nothing. It cannot be denied that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the Na-tional Reform Association are pledged to the establishment of a theocracy in this coun-try. Nor can it be denied that the Prohibi-tion party is inseparably connected with both the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the National Reform Association. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union de-mands the ballot in the hands of women, in order to establish a theocracy; the Prohibi-tion party is pledged to secure the ballot in the hands of women ; therefore the Prohibi-tion party is pledged to the establishment of this woman-made theocracy. In order to establish a theocracy, the National Reform Association demands a constitutional amend-ment empowering Congress to legislate in re-ligious things; a leadino¥b  ProhibitionistÑSen-ator BlairÑproposes in Congress just such an amendment, accompanied by a bill legislating upon things pertaining to God; and the Lever, in commending the "moral element" in the Make-up of the Prohibition party, "the foun-dation" for which is laid in the recognition of "Almighty God as the source of all power in government," says :Ñ "At this point the Prohibition party stands out in bold contrast with the old parties. It recognizes the authority of God in human government, and proposes that all legislation shall be in harmony with Christian morality." This is precisely what the National Reform Association has in view, therefore the aim of the Prohibition party and the aim of the Na-tional Reform Association are identical. And besides this the National Reformer's have pledged themselves to join hands with the Catholic Church as soon as she is ready. More than this, this is only that at which the Papacy itself is aiming in this country. Pope Leo XIII. commands that,Ñ "All Catholics should do all in their power 