82 T t AIVIMRiCAN can Sabbath," which almost wholly con-sisted in pointing out that Seventh-day Adventists were the " organized enemies " of the American Sabbath Union in that they zealously opposed their desire for stringent Sunday laws. The sequel showed, however, that he had mistaken the feelings of the people toward those whom he had berated, for instead of creating a sympathy in his own work, much suspicion was aroused in the community that the design of the Union was simply to oppose seventh-day Ad-ventists. They reasoned thus, " If it is not so, why does he make them the burden of his criticisms and abuse." So when the time came for the appointed " mass meeting," he had less than seventy-five people present, and nearly one-third of these were the Seventh-day Adventists. Mr. C. K. Perrine was elected tempo-rary chairman of the meeting, and when the nominations were reported, his name appeared in the list of nominees for the Executive Board. Mr. Perrine stated to the audience that he had heard his name read among those who were to serve the Society officially, but that he found it im-possible for him to serve in that capacity unless he could first have the assurance of that body that the Union had no de-sign against those who differed with them in the matter of the Sabbath day. He said that in talking with quite a number of his fellow-citizens that day, grave suspicions had been expressed that the work of this organization would be a detriment to the community, because of its apparent designs upon members of the community who were esteemed as law-abiding citizens; namely, Seventh-day Adventists; and he thought that this sus-picion in the minds of many had caused a lack of co-operation in the organization of the Union. He then presented the following resolution, saying that unless it could be indorsed by the body pres-ent, he should withdraw his name WHEREAS, Uncertainty and misapprehension are alike in the minds of some at the attitude of the American Sabbath Union toward those who, in good conscience, observe as the Sabbath a day other than the Lord's day, therefore, that all may co-operate with us with the greatest assurance that the methods and aim of this organization are in accord with the broadest toleration and with the principles of American civil and religious liberty, be it Resolved, That we indorse- that provision in the Sunday law of Michigan which exempts from its legal penalties those who religiously observe as a day of rest, a day other than the Christian Sab-bath. This called out remarks from Rev. Mr. Ware, who said he considered the resolu-tion unnecessary because he had assured the people already that the attitude of the American Sabbath Union would be favorable toward the Adventists, and he therefore objected to the resolution going into the minutes of the , organization of the county Union. But Mr. Perrine had the chair and also the control of the meet- ing. The resolution was put to vote and the chairman announced that it was passed unanimously. There was no enthusiasm following this, and later proceedings were very brief indeed, as little remained to be done. Whether the American Sabbath Union has designs upon the Adventists or not, in their zeal to organize in behalf of Sun-day, one thing is very evident. The at-tention their workers give to the Advent-ists in all their speeches show that this people are a source of aggravation to them; and causes those among whom the Adventists reside to be suspicious that harm is intended to these people when the Union gathers strength enough to itself to safely inflict it. All this, the Sabbath Union now denies, but as they grow stronger their real animus toward the Adventists will be seen by all. If they have no evil designs against them, it would be as well for them to be a little less incendiary in their public speeches when referring to their work, as such a course is sure to give other commu-nities the same ground of suspicion against the work of the Union as was expressed by the meeting in Jackson, Michigan. J. 0. CORLISS. ADVERTISEMENTS. HANDSOME BOOKS FOR HOLIDAY PRESENTS. FAVORITE BIBLE STORIES FOR THE YOUNG Š With numerous illustrations. 16mo, handsomely illuminated board covers, 50 cents. ; cloth extra, 75 cents. SMMUEL CROWTHER, the Slave Boy who became Bishop of the NigerŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son." 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaŠBy Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. ROBERT MORRISON, the Pioneer of Chinese MissionsŠBy Wm. J. Town-send, Sec. Methodist New Connexion Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. ROBERT MOFFAT, the Missionary Hero of Ku ru manŠBy David J. Deane, author of " Martin Luther, the Reformer," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JAMES CHALMERS, Missionary and Explorer of Raratonga and New GuineaŠBy Wm. Robson, of the London Missionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MISSIONARY LADIES IN FOREIGN LANDSŠBy Mrs. E. R. Pilman, author of "Heroines of the Mission fields," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN BRIGHT, the Man of the People ŠBy Jesse Page, author of " Bishop Patter-son," "Samuel Crowther," etc. I2mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12mo. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 750. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCEŠA diction ary, and alphabetical index to the Bible. Cloth, $1. 25. Sheep, $2. 50. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. NEW HISTORICAL ATLAS AND GEN-ERAL HISTORYŠBy Robert H. Lab-berton. This is the only atlas that has a map for every period. A map for any par-ticular date can instantly be found by any one. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyp-tian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and As-syrian Empires. It contains 198 maps, print-ed in colors, 30 genealogical 'charts, and is complete in one volume. 4to, 312 pages, Sent by mail or express, post-paid. Half law sheep, $2. 75; half morocco, $3. 00. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive. and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical notes, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. FOX'S BOOK OF MARTYRS; or, a history of the lives, sufferings, and triumphant deaths of the primitive Protestant martyrs-1 volume, 12mo, cloth, 50 cents. gav-'The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders to the PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. OR OAKLAND, CM 