4,Norap Ird—,oh I; 4.41011.'1,  NEW YORK, JUNE 9, 1892. 184 THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 23. Nova.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN Storrum without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. OF the five Seventh-day Adventists in-dicted and tried in Henry County, Tenn., for working on Sunday, one was acquitted before the jury left their seats, the Judge having so recommended. The other four were found guilty, and after one week's consideration of their cases, Judge Swigart has affixed the nominal fine of one dollar and costs. This is, under the circum-stances, virtually, an arraignment of the law as unworthy to remain on the statute books. 'Š THE Congressional Record now regu-larly contains, in the column of petitions and memorials, a record of the presenta-tion of memorials from the Seventh-day Baptists urging the non-interference of Congress in religious matters. The full text of the memorial is reprinted elsewhere. The language of the petition is dignified and earnest; while the references to the report of Hon. Richard M. Johnson on the question of the Sunday mail service, to the Twentieth, and Twenty-first, Con-gress, should draw the members of the Fifty-second Congress to a consideration of the merits of the matter and the prin-ciples which must here either be upheld or ignored. THE article on another page of this paper, entitled, " Church and State in Canada," contains a lesson for those who think that an essential element in a union of Church and State is formal action making some particular sect the State Church. This is not true in Quebec, yet in the language of Mr. Stetson, "The Government of Quebec is as clearly a hierarchy as was that of Rome during the temporal power of the Pope, or as the Government of Massachu-setts Bay two and a half centuries ago." The reason of this is that while there has been no formal action making Romanism the State religion, it so completely dom-inates the Government as to amount to the same thing. Š0Š IN the course of the trial of the Advent-ists, in Henry County, Tenn., referred to on another page, the Attorney-General after vainly trying to get a witness to say that he had seen the defendant at work on Sunday, asked rather impatiently, "Well, what does he do on Sunday? does he go to church ?" The question was sig- nificant. If the defendant was not in the habit of going to church on Sunday the presumption would be that he worked. How long will it be before habitual absence from church on Sunday will be taken as prima facie evidence of Sunday labor ? Š0-- IN Adventist cases, in Henry County, Tenn., both the Judge and the Attorney-General insisted that it was not a ques-tion of religious belief and practice but of obedience to a civil law; yet the Attorney-General. treated it as a matter of religious belief by asking witnesses as to their church relations, the practice of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and by seeking to make it appear that one of the defendants did work on Sunday, because he did not go to church on that day. A queer institution is the Sunday truly ! ----0Š " THE time has come," says the Mail and Express, " to call a halt in the use of public money for purely sectarian pur-poses." Why not say that the time has come to call a halt in the use of public money for religious purposes and to con-fine the operations of civil government, both State and national, to its legitimate sphere ? Simply because that is not what the proposed Sixteenth Amendment means, nor is it what its friends wish it to mean. It is only a skillfully arranged bait to catch unwary secularists. Š0--- REV. MR. MCGILL, of Allegheny, said in the Pittsburg Sunday Convention, "Are we going too far in this matter? We are asking only obedience to the law. Is that going too far ? If the law is bad, let it be enforced as the best way of re-pealing it." The same argument might have been made with equal force two hundred years ago in Massachusetts in justification of the witchcraft craze. They only enforced the law; and as the law was bad, the outrages committed under color of it did finally arouse the people to a sense of its wickedness, but too late to benefit the luckless victims of the fatal delusion. The fury of the bigots had spent itself, but the victims of their hate were dead. The best thing to do with a bad law is to repeal it; the next best thing is to allow it to fall into " innocu-ous desuetude." The worst possible use that can be made .of a bad law is to enforce it, and thus make it a precedent for worse laws. _a_ THE Examiner, a Baptist paper of this city says :Š The tendency to crowd all manner of public meetings and church work into the hours of Sun-day is of recent origin, and already threatens the day of rest quite as seriously as the desecrations of the irreligious. We are not sure that the Sabbath is not in greater danger from its friends than from its foes. Upon this, the Sabbath Recorder, Seventh-day Baptist, remarks :Š Go tell ft to Colonel Shepard, Mr. Crafts & Co., and then circulate a petition asking Congress to pass a law that no church shall be allowed to hold more than six services upon any "American Sab-bath day," or "civil rest day," popularly called Sunday! This would be, of course, purely "in the interest of the laboring classes." And why not ? If the State may prop-erly guard Sunday against the encroach-ments of labor, why not against the encroachments of too numerous church services? If it is a "civil rest day," surely the State has the right to protect and regulate it to any extent deemed nec-essary for the promotion of rest. If not, why not ? Š0Š BUT in practice Sunday is not the kind of a " civil rest day " to be regulated by Congress in opposition to the churches. It is " civil " only in the sense of being enforced by civil law. In every other way it is religious, and nothing would be toler-ated that should in any way interfere with its use for religious purposes. Indeed, the demand for the civil Sabbath is simply and only to secure to the churches a mo-nopoly of the day. The "civil Sabbath" is simply " a good enough Morgan" till the required legislation is secured. _0_ IN a recent speech in Battle Creek, Mich., in the interests of the American Sabbath Union, so-called, Rev. F. W. Ware said :Š There ought to be a great convention held here under the auspices of the local organization, and the largest hall you have should be filled, when several men will come right into Battle Creek, say once a year, and stand right up in the interests of our great commonwealth and her material interests, social and moral interests, and plead and argue with the people that this day [Sunday] shall be maintained as a civil rest day, as a day of religious opportunity. The italics are ours for the purpose of calling particular attention to this official definition of a civil rest day. It is a day of religious opportunity. Exactly; that is just what we have been saying for years, namely, that the Sunday preachers wanted a monopoly of Sunday for religious purposes; and that the only civil feature about the whole business was that they seek to use the civil law to enforce the observance of a religious institution. They have all along denied this, but now that one of the secretaries of the American Sabbath Union has said the same thing they will of course all admit it, and apolo-gize for ever having denied it. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State— either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 