232 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THESE are days of uncertainty. The country doesn't know whether or not there is going to be war with Spain, and in case there is war,'nobody knows what is going to be the outcome. The war will be fought out mostly on the water, and nobody can say how modern naval fight-ing machines are going to acquit themselves in battle. Are the little torpedo boats going to demonstrate an ability to blow up and sink the great iron-clads, upon which supposition they were built? or will it be shown that the latter, with their great cannon and smaller rapid-fire guns, and their powerful search lights for dis-covering foes in the darkness, can easily dispose of their swift-going but diminutive antagonists? It is a fact that while the nations have gone on for years expending vast sums in the construction of battleships, cruisers, and tor-pedo boats, there has been as yet no actual test of the "merits"Šif we may use the wordŠof these fighting ma-chines in real conflict. And the naval authorities of other nations are no doubt secretly hoping that Spain and the United States will come to blows, in order that it may be known what kind of ships are really efficient in modern warfare, and what kindŠif anyŠrepresent a mere waste of time and money. THEN there is the submarine boat, of which consider-able is now being said as an engine of warfare, and with a sample of which the Government has been lately con-ducting experiments in New York harbor. It is plain enough that no ship floating on the surface, however for-midable, can do battle with a boat that can dive and move about in the ocean depths and in this safe hiding place discharge a deadly missile against its foe. Should this projected species of war vessel prove a success, all the navies of the world, as they now stand, would be use-less, and naval warfare would be revolutionized. This is one possibility of the near future, to say nothing of what may be evolved from the experiments constantly in prog-ress for a practicable solution of the problem of navigat-ing the air.  hoped for them, the advantage would clearly lie with Spain; and the issue of the conflict might be vastly diL ferent from what is so confidently anticipated in this-country. THE President is quoted as saying, "You may rest assured there will not be war, with my consent, except for a cause which will satisfy good men here, the nations of Europe, and Almighty God." Of course, good men, here and the nations of Europe ought to be satisfied with any cause which will satisfy God; and whether they will or not, such a cause would be sufficient anyway. But who is to find out under what circumstances God will ap-prove of war? What official will undertake to "sound" the government of heaven? We were not aware that the Government has at its command any means of conduct-ing such, investigations. Each individual can of course settle the question for himself, by means of the guidance of the Word and the Holy Spirit; but we do not know how any person can settle the question for some one else. For ourselves, we are satisfied that if war is de-ferred until God approves of it, it will be postponed in-definitely. THE State of Georgia has a strict Sunday law, which prohibits the transportation of freight within the State on that day. This resulted, on the 13th of March last, in stopping at Atlanta two carloads of torpedoes which the Government was hurrying South to be used in com-pleting the defenses for the harbor of Pensacola, Fla. The Government could make no objection, for the Su-preme Court of the nation has pronounced the law to be constitutional. Hut it is probable that in future emer-gencies of the kind the Government will be careful not to send its freight South via Georgia. * THE present Congress is apparently a veritable Klon-dike for the claim agent, and indications are that the country will be "worked" most vigorously as long as the mine holds out. Two religious claims, one by the Catho-lic Church in Macon City, Mo., and one of $25,020 by the Southwestern Presbyterian University at clarkesville, Tenn., were favorably reported in Congress last month, and church claims to the amount of $20,000,000 are hopefully waiting their turn to come before the body who. have manifested such a willingness to satisfy them by appropriations of the people's money. * * THE Spanish and United States navies are, so far as can now be judged, about evenly matched; but each one is strong where the other is weak. Should the heavy battleships and monitors prove to be a superior class of vessels in actual warfare, the advantage would lie with the United States. And on the other hand, should the swift torpedo boats and fast cruisers do all that is THE Episcopal Recorder tells of a queer lawsuit that has lately been begun in Switzerland, and says:Š "It is connected with the famous battle of Sempach in 1386, when Arnold von Winkelried's proverbial hero-ism enabled the Swiss patriots to rout Duke Leopold and his Austrians. During all the five hundred years since then a mass for the souls of the Austrians slain has been 