269 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "4. Its trivial treatment of international diplomatic relations," etc. There are ten counts in the indictment, some civil and some religious in character. Examples of the lat-ter are furnished by the 8th, 9th, and 10th specifications, thus:Š "8. Its sacrilegious pretense of claiming to be a Christian nation. "9. Its prostitution of the moral sense of our citi-zens, by obliging them for years to look upon and become familiar with fiendish barbarism," etc. "10. Its paralyzing power upon the Christian civili-zation of the country," etc. Of this religio-political manifesto the Independent \ T. Y.) says:Š "We deprecate the inflammable resolutions of the New York Methodist Conference as designed to arouse the fiercer passions, and especially their appeal to intense religious prejudice. A war with Spain is enough; we do not want any religious question mixed with it." But a "religious question" is just what will be mixed with every important act of governmental procedure, when governmental action is dictated and controlled by the church. And as the church is intruding herself more and more into politics, and taking upon herself more and more the responsibilities of the civil government, there is nothing else to be expected in the future of this nation than that civil and political questions will be mixed more and more in matters with which the Government has to do. And it may be set down as certain that when the church takes up one of these great political questions for settlement, there will be "inflammable resolutions," "de-signed to arouse the fiercer passions," as in the present instance, and as it was in the fierce campaign of '96. And it will be very strange if during the present na-tional crisis, or in the events that result from it, the church does not find some occasion for taking further steps toward the attainment of that position of virtual control and dictatorship in national affairs to which she evidently aspires. CHRISTIAN principles are especially adapted in this world to the needs of the minority. What Needs to be Driven Out: THE indictment of Spain, drawn up by the New York Methodist Conference, sets forth that "humanity, hon-esty, virtue, reason, liberty, civilization, and Christianity demand the expulsion of this last consummate specimen of the criminal cruelties of a Latin civilization from the island, whose shores are touched by the same ideas that wash the coasts of this Republic." It may be well that Spain should withdraw from the shores of the Western Hemisphere, but her departure will be to very little purpose if her ideas are left behind. The principles of Spanish government are vastly more dan-gerous to America than are the Spanish fleet and army. We wish the New York Methodist Conference would manifest a little more hostility to these principles; for instance, to the union of church and state. This repre-sents, most of all, the "criminal cruelties of Latin civiliza-tion." And we would remind them that the union of church and state had its beginning in the enactment of Sunday laws, under the Emperor Constantine. It was the emperor of RomeŠthe same Rome that is now fast joined with the government of SpainŠwho enacted the first law for Sunday observance, and it is through Latin civilization that such laws have come down to us and have found a lodgment among the institutions of a civil-ization that claims to stand for liberty and progress. In getting rid of Latin civilization, let us by all means recognize religious legislation as a prominent feature of that civilization, and expel it from the ideas which "wash the coasts of this Republic." •IP Ł THESE are days when "patriotism" covers a multi-tude of sins. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. I WOULD ask my readers to try to comprehend the situation in which the Christian mothers of this nation Ł found themselves when they realized that the petitions which they had presented to governing bodies all over the land had been rejected. Realize if you can the labor which the canvassing for names to both pledges and peti-tions had entailed; the weariness of the "crusading" which had preceded both; the confidence that had been disappointed in every case; the hopes upon which life itself seemed to hang which had been killed in their - hearts. These experiences had also been a constant education in things that filled us with amazement and alarm. It seemed that nothing but ruin awaited us and our chil-dren, and no one can wonder that we began to question as never before. When the victorious saloon-keeper and subsidized press began to say to us, "Where is now your God?" for a time we could only echo in our hearts with an awful sense of despair, "Where is now our God?" In this story as we have told it, we have come up to about April and May of '74, and it is safe to say that for three or four weeks of that time there was more of ques-tioning and less of the ordinary form of prayer by the women of this nation than had ever been known before. We met as usual in the places of worship; we went into our chambers with our Bibles, read and knelt as had been the life long habit, but instead of praise and petition, there was dumb, yearning, heart-breaking waiting and listening for some voice to drop down through the dark-ness into our silent anguish, and give us hope, and the power to, spiritually, live on. It was not long that we 