300 A.TVII CA..1k1-  SIONTr IINTIE VOL. 9, No. 38. that the infamous Torquemacla, a Domin-ican " father," was commissioned Inqui-sitor-General for Castile and Leon. Rome must do more than keep the pupils of her own schools in ignorance of history if she would escape the terrible responsibility of her acts in the Dark Ages; she must blot from the pages of history the black record; but that she can never do. Nor would she do it in the sense of changing the facts if she could; for "Rome did nothing that calls for disavowal now." She would do the same thing again if she could, and wishes now only to conceal the facts. But why dc; even this; for, are not " Protes-tants" in our own and other lands perse-cuting Christians to-day and making the same excuse, namely, " We are only en-forcing the civil law" ? Yea, verily. The papal spirit still lives, not alone in the Roman Catholic Church, but in the natural heart; and as long as it does so live, there will be religious persecution under color of " civil " statutes ; and it will be excused as " only enforcing civil law." The modern Protestant Inquisition differs from the Inquisition of the popes only in degree. The principle is the same. The Sectarian Principle. THE contest in the State Constitutional Convention at Albany over the principle of no sectarian appropriations has been a very interesting one. When the conven-tion met, the National League for the Pro-tection of American Institutions submitted a form of amendment designed to assert this principle and prevent its violation. The amendment had been subjected to the scrutiny of some of the ablest lawyers in the State, and they had given it their ap-proval. It proposed, first, in the words of the first article of the Constitution of the United States, that no law should be passed respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; second, that neither the property, funds nor credit of the State nor of any civil division thereof shall be used, di-rectly or indirectly, for the maintenance of any church, religious denomination or religious society ; third, that no institu-tion, society or undertaking in whole or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical con-trol shall receive such aid. This is a sweeping amendment. It would cut off not only all churches, but all denominational schools, even such as might be put under State control, all denominational institutions for secondary instruction, such as academies, institutes and seminaries, and all charitable insti-tutions under denominational direction, from receiving any money from State, county or municipal treasuries. This is just what ought to be accomplished. It means complete separation of Church and State, and that, and that only, will settle the sectarian question. The proposed amendment was divided. The first clause, we understand, is to go into the preamble to the constitution; the question of appropriations to schools was referred to the Committee on Education, and that relating to charitable institutions to the Committee on Charities. The Committee on Education gave hearings to both sides, and was so impressed with the general demand for a constitutional pro-hibition of sectarian appropriations, that it reported the amendment almost un-changed, and supported it with this strong recommendation :Š In the opinion of the committee there is no demand  from the people of the State upon the convention so unmistakable, widespread and urgent; none, more-over, so well grounded in right and reason as that the public school system of the State shall be forever pro-tected by constitutional safeguards from all sectarian influence or interference; and that public money shall not be used, directly or indirectly, to propagate de-nominational tenets or doctrines. We have sought to give the clearest and strongest expression possible to these principles in the proposed section. The argu-ments in favor of such a provision are, in our opinion, conclusive: and the objection that it will result in making the schools "Godless," or that such a consti-tutional prohibition would imply upon the part of the people enacting it hostility or even indifference to religion, seems to us to be both groundless and ab-surd. In adopting this section the convention will, in our opinion, most effectively aid all that is highest ankbest in religion; for, by establishing the principle that'State education must necessarily be secular in its character, the field is left open, beyond question or misunderstanding, for religious teaching in the fam-ily, the Sunday-school and the Church. This splendid paragraph gave the un-biased judgment of the committee, and it gives with equal accuracy the judgment of the great mass of the people of the State. But large denominational interests would be affected by the cutting off of all educational institutions under sectarian control, and these interests made them-selves felt in one way and another; and the committee subsequently reported the following amendment, to be added to the section :Š This section shall not apply to schools in institutions subject to visitation and inspection by the State Board of Charities. The effect of this would be to open the door which the section originally reported would effectually close. The friends of the non-sectarian principle were amazed that the committee should so stultify it-self, and they rallied against the amend-ment, and, with the assistance of President Choate, defeated it. Other amendments of the same tenor were proposed, however, in committee of the whole, and defeated one after another, but by a very small margin in some in-stances. The most specious of them all was offered by a Protestant, a member of a denomination which occupies the highest ground on the question of separation of Church and State. He proposed a substi-tute limiting the use of public moneys to schools or institutions wholly owned or controlled by the State or minor civil divi-sion. This was a shrewd device to secure the continuance of State aid to denomina-tional academies and seminaries, which are under the control of the State Regents and of such parochial schools as have been or may be turned over to the State, and it was actually carried in committee of the whole. President Choate, in the conven-tion, characterized it as meaning "local option for the rankest sectarianism," but such was the hold which the denomina-tional interests, Protestant, Catholic and Jewish, had secured on the convention, that it was barely defeated by a vote of 71 to 68. The amendment, as it now stands, is sound and good ; but it has not been finally adopted. Nothing could show more forci-bly how deeply the poison of sectarianism has sunk into the system of the State than the unseemly struggle which has been made in its behalf in the Constitutional Convention. Men too intelligent to deny the correctness of the principle in the ab-stract set themselves to secure opportunity to evade and violate it in practice. A Baptist or Methodist academy that has been receiving a few hundred dollars a year, clings to the subvention and hates to have it cut off, and the politicians be-come eloquent pleaders for Catholic axed  Jewish institutions because of the promise it gives them of votes. Sectarian inter-ests, therefore, may possibly defeat the educational amendment, or they may allow it to pass with the expectation of getting a concession when the Charities Amend-ment is acted on. It is regarded as settled that private charitable institutions will not be cut off. The Committee on Charities proposes to report a paragraph of this tenor :Š Nothing shall prevent the payment of money by the State or any civil division thereof to the institutions mentioned and made subject to the visitation and in-spection of the State Board of Charities, for the care, support, maintenance and education other than reli-gious instruction of inmates received and retained therein, pursuant to law and to rules established by said board. Such rules shall be subject to the control of the legislature. This would so far vitiate the educational amendment as to allow the State to sup-port schools in sectarian charitable insti-tutions. It is a pity, when the demand of the people is so unmistakable, wide- spread and urgent " for constitutional safeguards against sectarian appropria-tions, that the convention should fail to meet it. The circumstances of its failure to do so afford one of the strongest argu-ments for the final and complete separa-tion of Church and State. If the educa-tional amendment is submitted one step in this direction will have been taken, and the campaign of education must go on until the last tie is cut and all denomina-tional institutions are left entirely to their own resources. ŠThe Independent, Sept. J3. Against "Contract Schools." IT may have escaped the attention of our readers that the Indian Appropriation bill passed by the last Congress received an amendment directing the Secretary of the Interior to inquire into the propriety of discontinuing contract schools, and the effect of such action on the education of Indian children; and "to submit to Con-gress at the next session the result of such investigation, including an estimate of the additional cost, if any, of substituting Government schools for contract schools, together with such recommendations as he may deem proper." It is, of course, generally understood that " contract schools"are schools established and car-ried on by various religious denominations, and receiving from the Government a stipulated payment for each child under their charge. The facts which led to the offering and adoption of this amendment are, briefly, that out of the total amount of $525,881 appropriated to denominational schools last year, one denomination, the Roman Catholic, received $369,235; while all the others together, fifteen in number, got only about $156,000. During the last eight years more than one-half of the entire amount devoted by Congress to Indian education has gone to the Roman Catholics. The violation which this whole system involves of our fundamental prin-ciple of the separation of Church and State has become so glaringly obvious that the Methodists, Presbyterians, Episcopa-lians, and Congregationalists have refused to accept any further governmental aid for their schools. The Baptists, we rejoice to say, while they have done compara-tively little for the Indians, have always consistently declined to take the public money.* We cannot doubt that popular.  *5eeŁ  note on this subject on page 302. 