AMERICAN SENTINEL. 107 subjects of legislation, representatives ' must get information as to what the sovereign people want through the lobby, of which the post-office is an ex-tension." How very gratifying it must be to Congressmen to know that they have such an easy access to the minds of the peopleŠfor of course the vast majority of American citizens make use of this Reform Bureau to communicate their will to Congress ! We had always thought that Congressmen were sup-posed to have some minds of their own, and were suffi-ciently well acquainted with the needs of the country and the elements of proper legislation, to be allowed to pro-ceed in the main as their own judgment may direct. But this is because we have never looked at the matter from the standpoint of a "Christian lobbyist." * sty  A Minnesota Protest. A BILL is now pending in the Minnesota Legislature, which provides "That it shall be unlawful to give or per-mit to be given, any theatrical performance, amusement, or public exhibition of whatever nature on the first day of the week, commonly known as Sunday; " such act to be punishable by fine of $25 to $100, imprisonment for thirty days or less, and revocation of license for one year. In view of this a " Protest and Memorial" has been drawn up by citizens of that State for presentation to the Legislature, based on the following reasons:Š "1. Because, this measure enters the realm of the individual mind and would forestall the individual exer-cise of the right to decide for himself as to how he will spend his time. "2. Because, until a man shall seek to spend his time by overt acts in the invasion of the equal rights of others, the State has no authority. This is not and can-not be claimed in this case by the supporters of the bill inasmuch as the places of amusement are to be prohibited on one day only. " 3. Because, that `the first day of the week, com-monly known as Sunday,' is the day designated upon which would be prohibited `any theatrical performance, amusement or public exhibition of whatever nature.' "4. Because, that this prohibition being placed on Sunday stamps it as a religious measure, purely in the interests of Sunday, because of the supposed sacred char-acter of the day. Thus the movers would guard the sa-credness of the day and give the stamp of morality to the theatre. " 5. Because, the State has no standard of morality whereby to measure the sacredness of any day or thing. Indeed, there is no such standard except the divine, even that of the Word of God. And if the State should at-tempt to apply this standard, it would thereby exalt it-self in the place of God in the application and interpreta-tion of that Word, thereby assuming to itself the attribute of infallibility which belongs alone to,  God. " 6. Because, such an attempt to apply this stand-ard in civil matters would lead to statutory interpreta- tion which would be to set up a human standard above the divine, even above the Bible itself. "7. Because, that to allow that the State has the right and the power to apply the Bible in civil matters, would be to allow its right and power to apply that standard in spiritual matters as well. "8. Because, such statutory interpretations of that divine standardŠthe BibleŠwould be of -no force what-ever, except by penalties more or less severe (an example of which may be seen in the aforesaid bill), the execution of which would lead to persecution. Indeed, it could most truly be said to be persecution itself. All of which would be contrary to the Constitution and a gross viola-tion of the true American principle of individual rights in all matters of conscience. "The principle upon which all should act is well stated by Herbert Spencer, thus : ' Every man has a right to do whatsoever he wills, provided that in the doing thereof he infringes not the equal rights of any other man.' "In the language of the citizen, soldier, statesman, General Grant, ' Keep the Church and State forever sep-arate.' " 4- 1*- 44 -4 -4 AT the services in connection with the installation of the new rector of the Catholic University at Washington, Cardinal Gibbons made a speech, in which he said:Š "If I had the privilege of modifying the Constitution of the United States, I would not expunge or alter a sin-gle paragraph, a single line, or a single word of that im-portant instrument." Of course not. What use from the papal standpoint could there be in having the Constitution amended when according to the ruling of the highest Federal Court, it already sanctions the doctrine that the United States is a (Catholic) "Christian nation." No nation ever yet got to be "Christian" by civil or ecclesiastical pronounceinent without becoming a Catholic "Christian" nation in the process. Sunday Cars in Hamilton, Ontario. "Liberty," Toronto, Ont. AN interesting case has recently been heard before the Court of Appeals in this city. Justice Rose decided some time ago that the running of street-cars on a Sunday was not a violation of the Lord's Day Act. An appeal was made from this decision by the attorney-general of the province. Of course the question could not be discussed upon its merits. as it was simply a decision, as to whether the terms of the Lord's day Act were such as to prohibit the cars from running. Some of the arguments presented by the prosecution were decidedly unique. Among other things it was argued that a "traveller" was not a person going from one part of the city to another in.  a street-car. That "conveying traveler" was something differ-ent from "carrying passengers." The question discussed was not, " Is it right ? " but 