ME SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 585 restore the knowledge of himself -to his offspring, is resisted in every possible way by the Demiurge, or world-builder. Still God will ultimately prevail, and having restored to liberty most of the spirits now imprisoned in bodies, he will dissolve the fabric of the world; and then the primitive tranquility will return and God will feign with the happy spirits in undisturbed felicity forever. Scripture Teachings Overturned. Such in general was the theory of Gnosticism;  but the variations of it in different places and by different teachers were almost infinite. It will be seen that this, philosophy puts God the Creator practically into the place of Satan, making him the author of evil and the enemy of the Supreme God. The serpent, too, was a sacred symbol, the symbol of,  redemption, for he only sought to obscure the knowledge of the world's creator that he might re- store the knowledge of the Supreme Deity. One sect, the Cainites, carried this overturning of the Scripture teachings so far as to exalt all the bad characters of the Bible, with Cain at their head, into heroes of the true faith, who were opposed and oppressed by the Demiurge because they sought to restore the knowledge of the Supreme God. Especially Gnosticism, in all its varied sects, ar-rayed itself against the human nature of Christ. As all matter was malignantly evil, how could Christ, who was an emanation from the Infinite Spirit, have a human body, a material body, subject to the same temptations as our own? They generally consid-ered Christ our Saviour as consisting of two wholly separate natures, or even of two persons, the man Jesus, and the Son of God, or Christ. Some denied the human nature and the human body entirely, and asserted Christ to be a pure and divine spirit only wearing the outward semblance of a body so that we might see him. Small idea can be given in this paper of the wonderfully imaginative genius dis-played in these speculations; but, as one historian has said, "Gnosticism was pure poetry." Gnosticism the Pride of Knowledge. All genuine reformations begin with the humble and lowly and those untaught in the schools, and so unhampered with human creeds and the pride of human knowledge. The early church was no ex-ception to this rule. Gnosticism was the reaction of the aristocratic and philosophical spirit against what was termed the narrowness and ignorance of  early Christianity. It arose almost. simultaneously in all the great centers of Christianity. Its progress was especially among the higher and more opulent; and in their lofty pretensions, they claimed great superiority over the humbler Christianity of the vulgar. Paul \ had warned the church against this very thing when he wrote, " Beware lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit, after the traditions of men, after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ." The peculiar power of this deception over the Christians lay in the, fact that it professed to be " after Christ," and to glorify him far beyond the dream of the humbler Christians..  To these Gnostics the Christian idea of Christ's hu-manity and of his being tempted in all points as we are was debasing to Christ, yet it is in that very fact alone that the gospel is revealed in Christ to tempted souls. Christianity Triumphant Over All the Forces of Evil. All historians agree that Gnosticism did the church more injury than all its open conflicts with Judaism and paganism. But, though this Oriental-ism has colored many of the teachings of the popu-lar Christianity of the day, yet over this most insidi-ous foe, as, far as any outward organization is.  concerned, Christianity has grandly triumphed, and this, too, without any earthly aid. In the second century Gnosticism rivalled Christianity itself in numbers and influence. It was of a sublime and im-posing character as an imaginative creed. It was adapted to music and poetry, and for two centuries the world rang with the mystic hymns of its greatest poet, Bardesanes; but by the sixth century it had almost entirely disappeared. The grand conclusion of this series of papers is that since Christianity has met once, and entirely unaided, has conquered grandly all the various forces of evil, it can do it again. The man who says it can not do this alone, and who makes this aiser-tion the reason for asking for, some other power to aid it, is, while having a form of godliness, denying to Christianity its pristine power. But Jesus said, "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth; go ye therefore and preach the gospel to every creature, and lo, I am with you al-ways, even unto the end of the world." G. E. FIFIELD. Ł [NOTE.ŠIn the preparation of these articles I have consulted the writings of Milman, Mosheim— 