Wartburg Castle. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 16. NEW YORK, APRIL 16, 1896. Price, Three Cents.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. WORMS AND THE WARTBURG. WORMS and the Wartburg Castle were both scenes of important events in the history of the Reformation. At Worms assembled the Diet to which the place owes its fame, for it was there that Luther put to confusion the representatives of both Church and State; while, in Wart-burg Castle the reformer subsequently found temporary asylum from his enemies. " A real reformation," says D'Aubigne, " prepared during many ages, is the work of the Spirit of God. Before the appointed hour, the greatest geniuses and even the most faithful of God's servants cannot pro-duce it; but when the reforming time is come, when it is God's pleasure to renovate the affairs of the world, . . . then if men are silent, the very stones will cry out."'  All was ready when Luther came upon the stage of action. " God who prepares his work through ages, accomplishes it by the weakest instruments when his time is come." The reformer was only a poor monk, but "he came in the fullness of time," writes Professor Harnaok, " when the rule of the Roman Church, which had hitherto edu-cated the peoples, had become a tyranny, when States and nations were beginning to throw off an ecclesiastical yoke and inde-pendently to organize themselves in accord-ance with their own laws." " He came in the fullness of timeŠwhen laymen were no longer satisfied with priest and sacrament, but were seeking God himself, and were feeling the personal responsibility of their own souls." The Reformation was not the work, how-ever, of Luther and his co-laborers; they were only instruments in God's hands. In the life of the true reformer we see only the reflected glory of the Creator working out his "History of the Reformation," Book XIII, chap. 1. eternal purpose. " Luther was great only in the rediscovered knowledge of God in the gospels." He himself said: " I put forward God's word; . . . this was all I did. And yet while I was asleep . . . the word that I had preached overthrew popery, so that neither prince nor emperor has done it so much harm. And yet I did nothing: the word alone did all." " The Reformation was accomplished," says the historian, ",in the name of a spiritual principle." It " rejected all worldly ele-ments." And only so long as this was true did it continue to be reformation. "Every revolution," says D'Aubigne, "should be ac-complished in the mind before it is carried out externally." It was so with Luther; the Reformation began in his own heart. Seek-ing freedom from the bondage of sin and find-ing it not in external ordinances, but only in the promise of God: " Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved," Luther began to minister to others the comfort where-with he himself had been comforted. It was with no ambitious purpose that Luther assailed the doctrines of the Papacy; he desired only to give to his fellowmen the gospel which priestcraft had taken from them. His pur- I Id., Book IX, chap. VIII. pose was not the destruction of the Papacy, but the salvation of souls. Realizing that individual responsibility to God necessarily meant freedom to obey, Luther denied the right alike of Church and State to trammel his conscience. And this denial was fraught with far-reaching con-sequences to both civil and ecclesiastical systems. " An obscure individual, bearing in his hand the word of Life, had stood firm before the mighty ones of the world, and they had shaken before him. He had wielded this arm of the word of God, first against Tetzel and his numerous army; and those greedy mer-chants, after a brief struggle, had fled away: he next employed it against the Roman legate at Augsburg; and the legate in amazement had allowed the prey to escape him: somewhat later with its aid he con-tended against the champions of learning in the halls of Leipsic; and the astonished theologians had beheld their syllogistic weapons shivered in their hands; and, lastly, with this single arm, he had opposed the Pope, when the latter, disturbed in his slumbers, had risen on his throne to blast the unfortunate monk with his thunders; and this same word had paralyzed all the power of this head of Christendom. A final struggle remained to be undergone. The word was destined to triumph over the emperor of the West, over the kings and princes of the earth; and then, victori-ous over all the powers of the world, to uprise in the Church, and reign as the very word of God."'  The ordeal was severe, but the reformer stood, not in the strength of men, but in the power of God. To one who asked him, "How can you hope to succeed? " Luther answered, " I trust in God Almighty, whose word and commandment I have before me." The forces of a mighty empire were arrayed against him, but he faltered not, and when in the presence of the assembled Diet, he was re-quired to give a direct answer to the demand of the Emperor that he retract his writings, the reformer said:Š I cannot submit my faith either to the Pope or to the Councils, because it is as clear as the day that they have frequently erred and contradicted each other. Unless, therefore, I am convinced by the testimony of Scripture, or by the clearest reasoning; unless I am persuaded by means of the passages I have quoted, and unless they thus 3 Book 'VII, chap. I. Ł - Ł EDITORS. 