32e Ti=1 AMM?ICAN 58NTINVT, increased in frequency and severity; and it now rests with the people of Tennessee to decide whether they will so adjust their laws as to make such persecutions impos-sible, or allow this outrage on the inalien-able rights of God-fearing men and indus-trious citizens to go on." THE Congregationalist has the follow-ing sensible item :Š It is reported that Commander Ballington Booth has publicly announced that the Salvation Army in America will vote with the Prohibition Party. We hope the statement is not true, and that, if it is true, Mr. Booth has made this pledge without au-thority. Any religious organization whose " com-mander" could command with authority its mem-bers to vote with any political party would be out of place in this country, a foe both to the Republic and the Christian religion. This is true; but is it any worse for the commander of the Salvation Army to give such a pledge for that organization than for the leaders of the American Sabbath Union to make a similar pledge for their much larger following?ŠCertainly not. The threat of political boycott, by which Congress was induced to pass the Sunday closing proviso to the World's Fair appropriation, was in effect an avowal of ability to control the votes of the church members of the land, and it was not an idle boast. The result is that the churches have learned that they hold the Government in their hands, and they will not be slow to use their power, and thus, according to the Congregationalist, they are " a foe both to the Republic and to the Christian religion." IN a recent communication to the Chris-tian Cynosure, Rev. M. A. Gault says :Š For more than ten years I have given my time to National Reform work, and so long as health permits I feel constrained to continue the work. I have a growing conviction that this work is most important to the salvation of souls and the coming of Christ's kingdom. No department of Christian work is so necessary at this time, be-cause so much neglected. More than nineteen-twentieths of the churches' efforts is now em-ployed in applying the gospel to men in their individual, family and church relations, to the neg-lect of their civil or political relations. The strategic movement of Satan in these times is to get control of the world's politics and operate it against the churches. He is doing this by in-ducing Christian people to restrict their efforts to prayer-meeting, Christian Endeavor, missionary society and Y. M. C. A. work; and to neglect and even oppose efforts to bring religion in contact with politics. Could their ever be a more emphatic denial of the importance and power of the gospel than are these words by Mr. Gault ? Christ commissioned his apostles to preach the gospel and sent them out into an unfriendly world promising them a glorious triumph by divine power, but National Reform makes the success of the gospel dependent upon the favor of the rulers of this world. THE Signs of the Times pertinently re-marks that " the men behind Sunday laws and religious persecutions are no worse than men in general. In persecuting those who oppose them, they but carry out the inevitable logic of their position. Of course, God will not help in what is not his. They have, therefore, gone down to Egypt for help, and they will have to take what Egypt has to give. This gift is spiritual death, however, to its recipi-ents." As citizens, we oppose National Re-form, so-called, in all its phases, because it is un-American; as Christians, we oppose it because it is subversive of the principles of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, DR. A. T. RAVLIN, of San Francisco, Cal., has been speaking in Chicago in opposition to the Sun-day closing of the World's Fair. He takes the position that those who are responsible for the closing of the World's Fair will also be responsible for the mischief which Satan will find for idle hands to do on that unoccupied day. AT the convention of the Christian Church, in session at Washington, D. C., last week, resolutions were passed calling for the complete closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. There are those in that denomination who do not sympathize with legislative efforts to enforce re-ligion; some of the ministers present at the con-vention have a keen sense of the impropriety of such a course, yet no voice put itself on record against this error, even though it be known to be fatal to true religion. It is everywhere the same. Those who know the right in this matter among the popular churches, do not uphold the right. Why is this so ? THE Central Labor Union, of Boston, has peti-tioned that the Columbian Exposition be opened on Sunday, and at the same meeting requested the Massachusetts Mechanics' Charitable Association of that city, to open the doors of its Fair on that day. The Boston Congregationalist comments upon this,Š" Vigilance right here at home is necessary. Organized labor in this country is not led by wise men." Whom does the Congregationalist assume pos-sesses the wisdom of this country THE Golden Rule, the organ of the Christian En- deavor Society, published in Boston, in an article by Rev. R. V. Hunter, Chairman of the Christian En-deavor Sunday Closing Committee, commenting on the action of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, says :Š But our work is not yet done, Christian people must see that the Local Directory obeys the in-structions of Congress. Said a commissioner to the writer since Congress took its action, " The World's Fair will be opened on Sunday. When the five million dollars are used up, the Fair people can do as they please. What can Congress do ? Whom can Congress put in jail ? " The managers care nothing for law. They have arranged to ignore the statutes of Illinois. There is great danger that they will attempt to ignore Congress. They have shown that spirit. We need to be on the alert. No, their work is not yet done. But it will, no doubt, be done quickly. Of all the pitiful things in connection with this great delusion one of the most pitiful is the deception by which these tens of thousands of youth are led to believe that they are doing God service in upholding measures which will bring persecution for conscience' sake upon their fellow-men. THE Dubuque Telegraph, of October 3, contains the following local item:Š Isaac Foster and Joseph Gordan were before Police Justice Hoffman this morning, charged with violating the Sabbath, contrary to the city ordi-nance. They are Hebrews living at Washington and 13th streets. Saturday they observed the Jew-ish Sabbath by fasting and prayer, it being the day known as Yom Kipper or the day of Atonement. Sunday they engaged in stone cutting in their own house which they are finishing. This annoyed their neighbors who caused their arrest. They pleaded not guilty this morning, and Justice Hoff-man fixed their trial for Saturday next, the Jew-ish Sabbath. He did this because his calendar for the intervening days of the week is taken up with civil cases. It is understood the Hebrews will make a desperate fight and if the case goes against them it will be carried to a higher court. Will the courts of Iowa be governed by the decree of the Supreme Court of the United States, that the civil control of religious matters in this  country proves this to be a Christian Nation? Will they follow the precedents established in the case of R. M. King, of Tennessee, in both State and United States Courts; and of the similar cases, tried and to be tried, in Henry County, Tennessee ? Will they follow these precedents ? or will they not? A CORRESPONDENT for the Chicago Inter-Ocean writing in reference to the World's Fair souvenir coins says :Š I would suggest that the acts of Congress relative to the passage of such a provision, together with the specification for the closing of the Fair on the Sabbath, be indelibly stamped upon the coin that all nations may look upon them, not only with re-spect but with profound gratitude that the Ameri-can Congress of 1892 has shown to the world that the people of the United States believe in being obedient to the demands of their Creator, and re-specting the Sabbath as all Christian nations should; and would also suggest that a proper inscription, in language expressive of the acts, be stamped upon the coin so that, in the lapse of time, through the generations to come, our children's children shall read the inscription on these coins and emulate the example of those who occupied the halls of Congress in 1892. The maker of these suggestions is evidently a religious enthusiast, without a thought of the im-propriety of the acts which he wishes to commemo-rate. He is right that, so far as this world is con-cerned, no more enduring record could possibly be made than an inscription upon a coin. But let him stop and think. Let him understand that this is not a record of true religion, only the evi-dence of a lack of it, and he will then see that it would be well placed as a stamp on the treasure of this world which we are told will corrupt and rust away. THE Christian Register mentions, with hearty commendation, the resolution of the New York State Board of Women Managers of the Columbian Exhibition, asking that the Exposition be kept open on Sunday. Still, although the Register comments at some length, it makes no mention of the real issue at stake in this matter. But it makes up for this in another place by say-ing, editorially, under the title, "Congress andŁ Christianity":  " The American Unitarian Association let slip a great opportunity to 'put itself on record on the right side, when it took action in regard to the Sunday opening of the Columbian Exposition. Without any reference to what should be the proper decision of that question, the true ground would have been that Congress has no right what-ever to pass special laws in favor of religion in any form. Before the law and Constitution of the United States, Jew and Gentile, Christian and pa-gan, stand with equal rights. It is a wonder that no one of us thought of it at the time. It is a wonder that, when opinion was divided as to what recommendation we should make to Congress, no one was wise enough to arise, and say that the whole scheme was foreign to the temper of Unitari-anism and the spirit of our Government. We have been consistent heretofore in our opposition to the attempt to legislate Christianity into the Constitu-tion of the United States; and now, unthinkingly, we fall into the trap set by the adversary of re-ligious liberty, and go on record with the request to Congress that it shall take action in regard to the observance of the Christian Sunday. Are we mis-taken when we say that the mere mention of this fact will convince all our readers that we might have taken higher ground in our May meeting ? The question is likely to come up in our autumnal meetings. Let us fall back upon our record and fundamental principle, and say that all special legislation by Congress in regard to Christianity or any of its institutions, except to declare liberty of conscience to all men, is foreign to the spirit of our institutions. We see what has come of such legis-lation. Could anything be more pitiful than the readiness of habitual Sabbath breakers to put them- 