;16j.ph.ik, 'Pa dit Pal ŁN‚ 0\4\x'%.‚‚. Ł Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7e7erson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, APRIL 30, 1891. NUMBER 18. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND Sr., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE:  LIBERTY and freedom should be under-stood by all alike. To the American people, it means liberty of action, freedom of thought restricted only by a Conscien-tious determination to do right, to be honest and honorable.ŠAmerican Standard. THE Ohio Senate has passed the Schulte bill which provides that the question of closing the saloons of Cincinnati on Sun-day, shall be submitted to popular vote. By such measures as this thousands will be deceived into giving adherence to Sun-day laws under the delusion that they are voting for temperance and civil order. PUBLIC education, the education given at public expense, by and in accordance with the provisions of law, is a part of the Government, and should in the essen-tial particular of which we write, be en-tirely in harmony with it. Neither the forms, ordinances, nor sentiments of any religion have any proper place in the pub-lic school room.ŠIndependent Patriot, Lamoni, Iowa. Ł -+  Ł  IN an article in the United Presbyterian, Rev. W. F. Crafts says:Š Our Sabbath laws, though bitterly attacked in many legislatures since April of last year, have not, in a single instance, I think, been even weakened. The courts have decided in Maryland, that Sunday baseball, as a money-snaking show, violates the law against Sunday ``labor; " in Pennsylvania, that Sunday opening of a barber-shop is not a work of necessity or mercy. President Spaulding, of the National Base Ball League, has forbidden Sunday games for 1891, as before, 5eTeday saloons have  been closed in Los Angeles, and the contagion of its courage has secured the same ,result all over Southern California. As a result of lectures, litera-ture, and organization, the Sunday opening of the post-office has been discontinued in some places, Sunday newspapers, have, in at least one instance, been suppressed by law, and in another by public sentiment. Mr. Crafts recommends a wholesale pe-titioning for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, suggesting that eight copies of each petition be prepared in duplicate, to be sent to both houses of the next Congress, to the Columbian commis-sion, to both the commissioners and both the alternates of the State where the action is taken, and to the World's Fair directory. American Principles. MUCH has been said on the proposed national Sunday legislation, and religious amendment to the Constitution, as being subversive of the principles of our Gov-ernment. None too much has been said on this, and none too much can be said. But the Sunday-law workers, and the re-ligious workers generally, are not the only ones whose aims and workings are sub-versive of the principles of the United States Government. All those who look to the Government as being the great gen-eral parent of the people, which must feed, and clothe, and nurse, and coddle the people, are engaged in the same bUsiness. The Sunday-law workers proceed upon the theory that the people are so com-pletely babyish that they are incapable of deciding for themselves when they are tired or when they should rest, and that therefore the Government must take the place of a parent and decide for them, and compel them to conform to the decision whether they are tired or not, or whether they want to rest or not. The great gov-ernmental parent says you are tired, and that is enough, if you are not tired you ought to be and, therefore, must invari-ably rest on Sunday. More than this, the Sunday-law workers and the religious legislationists generally  proceed upon the theory, that the people are incapable of deciding for themselves whether they ought to be religious, and to what extent, and after what manner; and therefore the great governmental parent must decide this for them, and compel them to be religious, to whatever extent she chooses, and after the manner of heathen. The Farmers' Alliance movement, which is just now causing more trepidation than any other one thing, proceeds upon the theory that the farmers are incapable of conducting their business in such a way as to make sufficient money out of it, and therefore the Government, 'as a good and indulgent parent, must furnish them money in such quantities as they need. There are other quotations of the same thing, but the nationalist movement sums up all of them, by proceeding upon the theory that the people are incapable of doing anyhing at all for themselves, and therefore the Government, as the universal parent, must do absolutely everything for them, even to choosing the very tunes that they shall hear. Of course all who are engaged in these different movements, do not put their re-spective cases just in this way, that would be rather too raw, but this is precisely what these things amount to from begin-ning to end. The secret of the whole matter is in the two elementsŠthe incapa-bility or rather the babyishness of the people, and the personality or rather the deity of the Government. Either of these things lies in the other, and both alike are antagonistic to the principles which are the basis of American institutions. The first of all American principles, and the grandest of all governmental princi-ples, is the manliness and in that the entire capability of the people. And the second is like unto it, namely, the absolute subordination, and in that the total imper-sonality of the Government. Both of these things are plainly asserted by the Declaration of Independence. That reads as follows :Š We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all 