THE; AMERICAN SENTINRI.. 77 ment are not only limited but are also derivative. Government has no powers, whatever, but those delegated by the peo- ple. And the people can delegate no powers that they do not possess. Then do we see that government, so far from being absolutely supreme, only has so many powers as the people are pleased to grant it. Then again, the powers kand, of course, we here mean just powers, as used in the Declaration of Independence) of the people, though not derivative, are limited. Their powers are limited by the law of natureŠno man having a right to infringe upon the rights of others. " All men are crea-ted equal," says the Declaration of In-dependence; and "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness " are among their in-alienable rightsŠrights that cannot be taken away by any power on earth. The famous Virginia Declaration of Rights, adopted three weeks prior to the adoption of the Declaration of Independence, posi-tively asserted "that all men are by nature equally free and independent, and have certain inherent rights, of which, when they enter into a state of society, they can-not, by any compact, deprive or divest their posterity ; namely the enjoyment of life and liberty, with the means of acquir-ing and possessing property, and pursuing and obtaining happiness and safety." Hence the power to interfere with these rights cannot be delegated. Then the pow-ers of government are reduced to this : Only such poWers as the people have a right to delegate,, and do actually delegate. Mad-ison, in writing on Sovereignty, makes this very distinction. "The sovereignty of so6iety," says he, " as vested in and exercisable by the majority, may do any-thing that could,be rightfully done by the unanimous concurrence of the members; the reservect rights of individuals (con-science, for example) in becoming parties to the original compact being beyond the legitimate reach of sovereignty, wherever vested or however viewed."ŠWritings of James Madison, Volume IV., page 422. This idea was decidedly popular with our early statesmen, and occupied a prom-inent place in our early State documents, it being asserted and reasserted both in the North and South. But by this delegation of power was not Meant the surrender of rights. In fact, the former is an assertion of the retention of sovereignty. For whenever a govern-ment delegates a minister or ambassador to act for it, by that very act it asserts its authority to act in the matter; and the delegation of power is simply an authori-zation of a person to act for itŠwith less or equal power,Šbut in no case with more power than that possessed by the dele-gating power. So in.  delegating powers to government, the people simply hire agents to do certain work for them, and pay them for such work in taxes. But they do not give up their rights. Jef- ferson asserts this principle emphatically in a letter to Francis W. Gilmer, dated at Monticello, June 7, 1816:Š Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power, that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us.ŠWorks of Thomas Jefferson, Volume VII., page 3. The derivative nature of government, as viewed by our early statesmen is clearly expressed in the second section of the Virginia Declaration of Rights, which asserts the doctrine in these words " that all power is vested in, and consequently derived from, the people, that magistrates are their trustees and servants, and at all times amenable to them." Hence, accord-ing to the American political system, civil government is simply a public corporation, the officers of which are amenable to the people, just as truly as the officers of other corporations are amenable to the mem-bers. They are entrusted with the work of protecting the rights of the people; and whenever they interfere in any way with a single right of a, single person, they are violating their trust and abusing their au-thority, just as truly as is the bank cashier when he embezzles the funds of the bank-ing corporation.; and the members of the corporation are no, more bound to submit to the injustice and usurpation in one ease than they are in the other. This is the point made by Madison when he asserts that the " reserved rights of individuals (conscience, for example) " are " beyond the legitimate reach of sovereignty, wher-ever vested or however viewed." There is no possible way for any-government to obtain jurisdiction or authority over one's rights. Such jurisdiction would be illegal (illegal according to natural law or justice) even though expressely delegated in the written Constitution itself. For, as Mad-ison says, these rights are "beyond the legitimate reach of sovereignty, wherever vested or however viewed." The delega-tion of the power would be illegalŠit not being the people's to delegateŠand there-fore the power itself would be illegal, But fortunately, in America, this prin-ciple is asserted and. reasserted in probably every Constitution in the land. The rights of the individualŠthe just claims that he has under the natural lawŠare recognized and provision is made for their 'protection in the courts. This is why Sunday laws are unconstitutional. They interfere with the rights of the individual ; (1) by interfer-ing with the freedom of worshipŠreligious liberty; (2) by interfering with personal liberty ; and (3) by interfering with the right to acquire property; besides flagrantly vio-lating the general principles of our Govern-ment. Here all have equal rights. Neither the Christian nor any other person, legally, has any more rights than any other person; but all are on an equality before the law. Colonel Johnson in his celebrated report to the House of Representatives on the Sunday question notices this very point.  " The Constitution;" he says, " regards the conscience of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more au-thority to adopt a measure affecting the conscience of a solitary individual than that of a whole community." But whether this be true or whether it be false, the fact still remains that as before the organization of government one man did not have the rightful power to compel another to observe his Sabbath, so upon the formation of government no such power could be delegated. W. A. BLAKELY. Ł The True Statesman. THE true statesman is a man of princi-ple. He may be a man of great ability, and possess great wealth; but he'will em-ploy neither of these to secure the adop-tion of measures that he knows will de-prive any- citizen of his rights. As the object of good government is to secure to men their rights, not simply the rights of the strong, but of the weak against the encroachments of the strong ; not simply to the many, but to all; so the purpose of the true statesman, who is the representa-tive of the Government, must be the same, Šthe protection of all in the exercise of their rights. The eloquent speeches of Patrick Henry in the interests of American liberty, were but the natural outburst of long-suppressed feelings of outraged justice. The Declar-ation of Independence drawn up and signed by the fathers of our Republic, was but a simple statement of the princi-ples that actuated them during the ener-getic struggles of the Revolutionary War. The Constitution of the United States, soon afterward adopted, was but the expression, in law, of equal rights for all citizens, and the assurance that all should have the equal protection of the law. The work of Benjamin Franklin, as minister plenipo-tentiary to France, so valuable to the United States Government, was successful because he, in his labors, regarded the rights of all men as equal, and sought for justice only in the intercourse of nations touching the affairs of State. And during the severe conflict for the preservation of the Union after the emancipation procla-mation, it is easy to trace in the bloody strife, a struggle for the continued exist-ence,..  in our national policy, of the prin-ciple of equal rights to all men, as ex-pressed in the Declaration of Independ-ence. All honor is due to the noble statesmen who, during the contests of the past, were wise enough to discern, and courageous enough to defend, these principles of right at all hazards. Such were true statesmen, and'the esteem in which they are held by their countrymen is well merited. The same principle is clearly seen under-lying the work of the noble men who formed our national Constitution, and 