62 A.mt]rt,i[CA.N.  S7ENTrIMENT HILio VOL. 10, No. 8. lance. Among other things Mr. Patchel said:Š Father Rafter is my brother and I greet him as such. He believes in Christ. So do I. He believes Christ purchased heaven. So do I. If Father Rafter wears robes in the pulpit with our Episcopal brother, let him do so. I would feel like a rat in a strange garret if I did and could not speak with ease. He preaches Christ. Why should I say he is wrong? Yes, indeed, why should he? In fact how can he? And yet is not that the very work for which his church came into existence? Once there were Protestants who protested, but now Mr. Patchell and his fellow-ministers of Bay City have given up, as far as they can, the work for which they were called, and betrayed their position into the hands of the enemy;Š enemy, whether they knew it or not; or know-ing it, blindly went ahead heedless of the re- sult. If "Father" Rafter is "brother," as Mr. Patchell says, and they can now join hands and hearts, why was the Reformation neces-sary? Why not say to the Catholic priests assembled: " Luther made a mistake. He was a well-meaning man, no doubt, but his leaving the church of Rome was all wrong. He could have staid in the church and been better off. We do not want to say that he was a fool, but that he made a mistake." Now mistakes are made by those who are misled, and the individual that does that work of misleading is the devil. Thus we have the Protestant ministers of Bay City and West Bay City practically admitting by their words and acts that the Reformation was led by the devilŠjust what the Catholics have always claimed. Father" Rafter followed. He said:Š Every vestige of human slavery has disappeared from Christian lands. There is no invention useful to man that is not elevating this nineteenth century above that of all its predecessors. But an additional lustre must be shed on it by universal Christian char-ity and brotherly love. A cord of love has struck here in Bay City in all Christian hearts that can beat, and the chord is Christian unity. Then every heart that cannot beat in unison with this chord of Christian unity must be dead. No doubt they will consider it so, and this condition will in their estimation be " intoler-ant" or " infidel," and their respects are paid to those classes later on. "The movement," continued "Father" Rafter, as I now under-stand it, is that we should ove our neighbor, and that our neighbor is every man no matter what his race, creed or color may be." No Christian can object to this idea, as a theory, but the writer may be pardoned for being so hard-hearted and skeptical as to wonder if this brotherly love is to be manifested to those nob of their " race, creed, or color," as it has been in years in the past, and even at this time where they have the power. Said Rev. "Father" Schrembs:Š The saddest, darkest pages of human history are those that have been written about religious intolerance and persecution. I am sorry to say that history is full of those pages. Just so; and the church he represents in-flicted at least 90 per cent. of the persecution and boasts that " Rome never changes." Such statements, with Protestant(?) ministers saying " amen " to them, should have made a shudder pass through the heart of every man and woman within the sound of the priest's voice. Ł The priest continues But-circumstances and times that have made such religious persecution possible have passed away and I take for granted that there is no man to-day that will raise again and unfurl the bloody banner that has waved too long. True Protestants cannot take it for granted; for if they did they would be lulled into sleep and perish with those who are  hypnotized by such smooth tones. " Father" Schrembs continuing said :Š All this has been paraded in the world in the name of Him who came to the world to give peace and good will to all men. There is the rub. We stand here to-night on one common grand Christian unity. Chris-tianity divided is a mockery. It is the mockery of infidelism ; it is the mockery of atheism; it is the mockery of materialism. They scoff and point with disdain. "You pretend," they say, " to be religious men. You pretend to have the kindness of Christ, and you only hate one another with a deep hatred. If that is your character, we want nothing of it." Let us throw away that intolerance we have so long had and learn to know each other and learn to love each other as Christ did. Then we can move more boldly and make a grand front against infidelity. It is the practice of infidelity to tear down, and it does not build up. Then when the sun, tired of its great labor, shall have set in the great beyond, never to rise again, we shall meet above. Christ reigns through charity. There you have it. We are to present " a grand front" against infidelity, atheism, materialism, and intolerance. The reader has already seen that in their estimation, anyone will be intolerant who is not willing to admit her (the Romish church) claims, and they have succeeded in getting every minister in the Bay Cities, save perhaps one, to stultify himself, and one of those who at the first was not in the movement for some reason or other, is now tumbling over himself to get in " out of the rain," as wit-nesses the following :Š Rev. John G. Wyss desires a correction of the statement made in a recent article to the effect that he was not identified with the Christian union movement because he could not speak English. He is with the movement, has been from the start, and speaks Eng-lish so fluently that he was for years pastor of an Eng-lish congregation.ŠDetroit News of Feb. 5. But this is not all. They are to have a series of public meetings at which priest and pastor will speak alternately, but for fear of making trouble each side has appointed a committee of three to whom all-  papers de-signed-  for the public meetings are to be given, "and they have the right to strike out such sentences or paragraphs as may be objection-able to them."  Just think of it. Suppose Luther had sub-mitted his theses to a committee of priests be-fore he read them in public, or gave them out to be read. Suppose Christ had written out his sermons and placed them before a delega-tion of Scribes and Pharisees before he would speak them in public. Suppose he had asked permission of the Roman governor to tell some of his parables. And yet this is what pro-fessed Protestant ministers have done, and are doing, and will do, for now that the Park-hurstian bubble in Saginaw has burst, the ministers of that place are going down to Bay City to see how the " Christian unity" act is done, and it is to be presumed that Saginaw will soon see the attempt to join Christ and I3elial. However it is not the joining of Christianity to Satan, for that cannot be done. But it is the union of apostate Protestantism with the papacy against the truth of God; and the fruits of the union will be the persecution of the true people of God. J. G. LAMSON. THE Waco News is, urging the abolition of legislative chaplains, as a useless expenditure of the people's money. The Gazetteer is dis-posed to agree with the News. If there is any praying done the legislators should do the praying themselves. At any rate it would not be a bad idea to try the recommendation of Jesus for one session; let the law-makeis who feel the need of divine guidance in dis-charging their duties to their constituents, retire to their closets every morning and pray in secret. In this way the public would not be bored and the State would save five dollars a day.ŠSunday Gazetteer, Denison, Texas. SIGNIFICANT PARAGRAPHS. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] Murdered by a Preacher. A Dispute Over Infant Baptism Ends Fatally in Kentucky. VA NCEBURG, Ł KY., Jan. 8.ŠOn Grassy Creek, a few miles southeast of this city last night, the Rev. Lem Penrod got into an ar-gument with John Slate, a lay member, on the subject of the efficacy of infant baptism. The controversy became loud and waxed hot when Rev. Penrod drew his revolver and fired at Slate, the ball passing through his body, inflicting a fatal wound.ŠMemphis Commer-cial. Roman Orders. CANNON MACCOLL tells us that in South America there used to be a rule that no one with a strain of native blood down to the fourth generation could be ordained to the Roman priesthood. A bishop did ordain some such young men, and when he found out that they were disqualified he declared that his intention was absent, and that they were still laymen. On appeal Rome took the same view. We cannot therefore be certain that a single bishop or priest of the Roman commun-ion is validly consecrated, since the inten-tion of their consecrators may have been absent.ŠChurch Review. Dispute Over an Apparition. PRAGUE, Jan. 2.ŠA peasant, living near Braunau, Bohemia, recently declared that he had seen an apparition of the Holy Virgin in the Dorengrund Forest. His story was believed generally outside the town, and hun-dreds went daily to the spot, where the virgin was said to appear. To-day several thousand persons made the pilgrimage. They were met in the forest by a crowd of scoffers, who ridi-culed the peasant's story, and eventually pro-voked the pilgrims to violence. A riot followed. Gendarmes sent out from Braunau were unable to restore peace. After several charges they fired into the throng. Although ten men were wounded, the two mobs continued fighting. Several hundred turned on the gendarmes eventually, and drove them from the forest. Troops have been ordered out to disperse the rioters.ŠWashington Post, Jan. 3. Petition to the President of' the United States. Sir : Since the Roman Pontiff has accred-ited to this Government a representative in the person of Francis Archbishop Satolli, who, from the date of his landing upon our shores, has busied himself in stirring up the adherents of the papacy to mutiny against the laws and customs of this nation, in open and flagrant violation of international comity, preaching the nefarious doctrines of the Ultramontanes in relation to popular educa-tion and the union of Church and State, and otherwise evincing contempt for the American system of laws; and since Genet and Sack-ville-West were summarily required to leave the country for offenses far less odious and in far less degree calculated to embroil the coun-try in civil war; Now, therefore, your petitioners respect- 