AMERICAN SENTINEL. 513 after all, he was obliged to yield to the grim messenger at last. "He is called 'the worst husband, the worst father, and the most brutal son in the world,'Ša sad name in-deed to follow a man through the ages." "Did he do anything at all worth remembering?" asked Charlie White. "Yes, indeed; it is very seldom that one cannot men-tion some good deeds in every life, and Louis's is no ex-ception. He made some very sensible laws, and the mid-dle classes were certainly in a better condition when he died than when he first ascended the throne." "Did King Louis have any one to take his place?" asked Rob Billings, "if he did I hope for the sake of the poor people that he made a morekind-hearted ruler than his father." "0 yes; but his little son Charles the Eighth, called The Courteous, was too young to govern his father's kingdom, being then only thirteen years old: so his sister Anne was made regent. The poor boy never seemed to be well. He was badly misshapen and dwarfish in appear-ance, but he had a kind heart, and although his was comparatively a short reign, he endeared himself to his people. His father's government had been so severe that the poor people were glad enough for a change." "Did the regent, Anne, manage things pretty well?" asked Milly Brown. "Very well, indeed, considering the difficulties there were in the way. She is said to have been an intelligent woman and one who possessed great tact. But affairs were in a very sad condition. The country had been overrun for about four years by her father's troops, and the poor peasants were in a state bordering upon actual starvation." "It does not seem as if we ever had such a very poor class of people in this country, or ever could have," said Max Smith. "We may not have so many poor people nowadays, but don't you think, professor, that the number is get-ting pretty large?" answered practical Jack. "Yes, and it is growing larger. I was in Chicago at the time of one of the great strikes only quite recently, and I saw more actual want and suffering among the poor than I supposed it possible to exist in this favored country." "Isn't it true that history repeats itself?" asked Julia March. "Yes; it was never truer than now. "At last King Charles married a daughter of Maxi-milian, of Austria, afterward Emperor of Germany. "The young king was quite ignorant, but he learned to read after he was married, and then he wasted much time in reading foolish stories,Šfor he was quite roman-tically inclined,Šand it had then precisely the effect it has now; it filled his head with much nonsense, and turned a naturally kind-hearted man into a foolish for-tune hunter." "What! did he go gold hunting?" "0 no; but he did just as foolish a thing as that. He had not learned the lessen that it hardly pays to conquer territory far away from home, and so he started out to conquer Italy." "I imagine the pope had something to say about that," said Joe Palmeter. "He certainly did. True to the papal idea of the righteousness of uniting church and state, Pope Alexan-der the Sixth, whom history calls the most thoroughly wicked man who ever sat in the chair of St. Peter, gave the young king the kingdom of Naples as coolly as though it were his to give." Now as the time was up, Professor Carman dismissed his class, bade a kind good-by to Charlie White and Rob Billings, who intended to sail for Paris the next day, and asked them to write often, which they promised to do. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. " Highly Pleased With It." A LADY who lately purchased a "Cyclone" washer writes :Š Washington, N. H., Aug. 1, 1898. A. MALLETT, New York, Dear Sir: After having examined several kinds of washing machines, I concluded to try the "Cyclone" Washer, and having tried it for three weeks am highly pleased with it. I shall recommend it to my friends as the very best in my opinion. MRS. H. I. FARNSWORTH. See advertisement on page 514. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other irdividual. Ł 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoelation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go, Single Copy, Per Year, - iI.00. 66 Six months, .50 61 Three " Ł .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 