AMERICAN SENTINEL. 169 "The Lord is our judge, the Lord is our lawgiver, the Lord is our king." Isa. 33:22. And if all people on the earth were Christians, then there would be here a govern-ment of God, just as there will be when all on the earth who are not Christians shall have been blot ted from its face. The conduct of the ChristianŠin business as well as in religionŠis controlled by the kingdom of God within him and not by any earthly government under which he lives. He is subject to the rules of earthly government for "conscience' sake" (Rom. 13:5), or because he is under God's government. He is the most useful of all men on the earth because his citizenship is in heaven. Religious Liberty in the South. A .RELIGIOUS POST-OFFICE WAR. ACCORDING to the Bristol (Tenn.) Courier of recent date, a petition numerously signed has been sent to Washington from New Market, Tenn., praying that the postmaster at that place be instructed to open the postŁ office for an hour on Sunday. The postmaster is an elder in the Presbyterian Church, and the sending of the peti-tion has stirred up no little strife. The Courier remarks that the town "is in the midst of a religious post-office war, and the community is embroiled from center to cir-cumference." Several of the ministers of the place have delivered sermons on the subject, and one of them is reported to have said:Š "If I knew there was a letter from my dying mother in the post-office on Sunday, I would not go after it until Monday." The opinion is expressed that the office will be opened regardless of the conscientious scruples of those "who do not have to get their mail unless they want to." But it may be asked, What about the conscience of the Presbyterian postmaster? The answer is easy. If the department orders the office opened on Sunday and the postmaster cannot conscientiously obey the order, he can resign. Matthew was required to leave "the receipt of custom"Šabandon his business as tax-gathererŠto follow Christ, and his disciples should one and all stand ready to-day to deny themselves in like manner for his sake. The man who sustains loss for what he believes to be fidelity to his Saviour, should rejoice that he is accounted worthy to suffer for his sake. But how can any man thus rejoice when called to suffer for refusal to do business on Sunday? Where is the Scripture that even so much as intimates that it is a sacred day, or that Christ would, have his followers ob-serve it? It cannot be found; and since this is now very generally known to be so; those who sustain loss for keeping it have small consolation; they cannot claim the blessing pronounced upon those who suffer for righteous-ness' sake, hence they turn instinctively to the civil law to protect them against being "compelled" on the one hand to work on Sunday, or on the other to suffer the  loss of position or custom by remaining true to their profession of faith in the Sunday institution. It is to supply the lack of divine law that civil statutes are en-acted for the "protection" of Sunday. MORMON ELDERS AND PROTESTANT PREACHERS. Chattanooga is the headquarters of the Mormon propaganda for the South. Hundreds of Salt Lake mis-sionaries arrive and depart for that place every year, and many tons of Mormon publications are mailed there in the course of twelve months. But large as is the regular business done by this denomination in the South, the present season has been one of increased activity. The number of Mormon missionaries now in the Southern field is said to be two thousand, and their activity is annoying the regular ministers not a little. A recent despatch from Tampa, Fla., says:Š "This section of the State is alive over the advent of a number of Mormon elders, and the people in the differ-ent towns have openly expressed their intentions of driv-ing the Utah proselyters from their midst. Already from some small country settlements trouble has arisen over the work of the Mormons, and in two cases the preachers were driven out of the place under threats of whipping if they remained." Now the writer has not the least sympathy with the Ł distinctive doctrines of Mormonism; he believes that they are a deluded people and that their elders are "deceiving and being deceived;" but nobody is compelled even to listen to them, much less to believe and embrace their doctrines, unless he wants to do so. Under the laws of the several states, these men have the same right to make proselytes to their faith, to teach their doctrines publicly and privately, that other ministers have; and to deny them this legal right, to invoke against them white-cap methods, to mob them and drive them from the community by force or by threats of personal violence, is unworthy of a free people. Every man who loves liberty for himself should insist that every other man be per-mitted to enjoy an equal measure of it. Any community can a thousand times better afford to tolerate even the teaching of Mormonism rather than to encourage the spirit of bigotry, intolerance, and lawlessness that neces-sarily accompanies whitecap methods. But what has incited the people to mob violence against those emissaries of the Mormon Church? Ac-cording to the reports published in the secular papers, the preachers of the various denominations are respon-sible in large measurefor this outburst of unchristian and un-American conduct on the part of the people. The Chattanooga News, of February 10, publishes a portion of an address of warning which certain Florida ministers have put forth, and in which occurs the following incen-diary language:Š "They are making an earnest effort to establish Mor-monism in Florida, and their representatives have reached.  Tampa and are busy among our people. . . . They have no claims upon us and deserve no recognition at the hands of a Christian public. They are enemies of our 