TIDE. AA/1E RICA.N SE TINEL,. 221 a civil institution, as the Sabbath of the Christian, Mr. Pancher to the contrary not-withstanding, for that day is " observed and well established " among that people. But it is not my purpose to examine in regard to. whether Sunday is the Sabbath or not ; I desire to examine " the Sabbath as a civil institution." Is it ? I repeat that the mere fact that the law requires cessation from labor, etc., upon Sunday, or any other day, does not make it a civil institution. Its observance may have been required from time immemorial by nations, but that fact does not make it a civil institution. The definition of the word " civil " is as follows :Š civil: Pertaining to a city or State, or to a citizen in hia relations to his fellow-citizens, or to the State. ' As fellow-citizens, we all recognize the fact that we sustain to the State and to each other, a certain relationship. The functions of the Government pertain to this relationship. They cannot possibly ex-tend beyond it. In the requirement of the Government, and the obligation of the citizen, there should be harmony and justice. For this very purpose " govern-ments are instituted among men." Let us test the institution of the Sabbath upon this principle. Suppose the Government requires the observance of a day as " a day of cessa-tion from labor, and of quiet and order." They claim that it is a right of the citizen that it should thus be observed,Ša civil requirement. Now if this be true, the violation of this institution will be an uncivil act, and that relationship that the violator sustained to the State or fellow-citizen, will be broken. He will be ac-counted as subverting that right guaranteed to the citizen by the Government. Let us see what acts constitute a breach of this institution. Mr. Pancher cites as precedents the action of the English Government that passed statutes " regulating the keeping of the people from any sports and pas-times whatsoever, worldly labor, the open-ing of a house or room for public enter-tainment or amusement, the sale of beer, wine, spirits, etc., and other like acts on that day." He says there were other acts designed to compel attendance at church, etc., which would be prohibited now (?), "but the acts referred to do not relate to religious profession or worship, but to the civil obligations and duties of the subject and citizen," etc. I have now defined some of those duties, at least, that the citizen owes the State, the violation of which will be a breach of the civil law. Let us examine this a little. " Keeping the people from any sports or pastimes whatsoever." There are many things that would come under this head, such as hunting, fishing, ball-playing, driving, walking, etc., etc. Suppose that on a Sunday (or any other day that the Government may set apart), neighbor A takes his fishing tackle to some stream,  for pleasure; neighbor B and *his wife drive to their country residence ; neigh-bor C and family visit the park, or some other place for recreation. The law for-bids any " sports or pastimes whatso-ever," and these parties have violated the laws and are held as criminals. They have violated a civil (?) institution. But let us see what these people did. Neighbor A was fishing ; neighbor B was driving to the country; neighbor C and family were enjoying nature and the pure air of heaven. Is fishing an uncivil act ? Has B broken his relationship to the State or to his fellow-citizen by driving ? Has C and family infringed upon the rights of any as they were recreating ? It is so held; because for committing these acts they were found guiltyŠso we would be led to the conclusion, logically, that the acts were uncivil. But let us see. On any other day, the observance of which is not required, others can fish all day, drive as much as they please, recreate all they desire. I look, but they are not appre-hended. Why ? They have committed the very same acts, but the law does not say they are criminals. Why ? " Oh," says one, " these acts were not done on the day set apart." But if they were uncivil acts on a set day and infringed upon the right of the State or citizen, why would they not be uncivil upon another day 2  So it will be said of " worldly labor." That will be forbidden on the day set apart for the Nation, and the man who will presume to till the soil, reap his grain, or do any other work coming under this head will be ap-prehended and punished. But on any day not so set apart, men can engage in these duties and will not be interfered with. We are led to the just and logical conclusion, that it is not the act, but the day upon which it is performed that con-stitutes the offense. So the matter reverts to the observance of the day and not the nature of the acts performed upon it. Is the observance of a day a civil require-ment? Let us see. Is the Sabbath an institution of the State, or of God ?ŠOf God most assuredly. It antedates earthly governments. The observance of the day being required, is it a civil or a moral obligation ?ŠA moral obligation in the strictest sense. None but God can truly know that we do observe it as we should. In all his requirements, he takes cog-nizance of the thoughts and desires of the heart, and to be acceptable, our service must be a willing and delightsome one. Neither can we find in its non-observance a breach of that relationship we owe to the State or to our fellow-citizen. To whom do we owe civility ? Answer, to the State. To whom do we owe morality 9  Answer, to God. The Sabbath being a moral in-stitution, and not a civil, to whom do we owe its observance ?ŠTo God, most as suredly. " But " says one, " would you not pro-hibit the sale of intoxicants and many  other things that you have not mentioned, upon that day ? " There are a great many things that should be prohibited, but not because they are performed upon that day, but because they are uncivil, and for that reason they should be prohibited every day. Let us first decide whether the act is an uncivil act, and infringes upon the right guaranteed to the citizen, and then let the Government not only prohibit it upon one day, but every day. Therefore we claim that as the Sabbath day is an institution of God, and not of the State, and as its observance or non-observance does not interfere with that relationship with which governments only have to do, that the Sabbath is not a civil institution. R. D. HOTTEL. Religion and the State.ŠNo. S. GOD has never established authority with any man, or any number of men, to declare what is final law for others, in mat- ters of religious faith. Give this power to either the Governor of a State, or to the popular majority of a community, and such authority gradually becomes invested with a force that is sure, sooner or later, to be swayed oppressively. Men who stand with the minority, have a more vivid realization of this, than those on the opposite side. Macaulay stated the truth on this point, in a few words, when he said :Š The doctrine which, from the very first origin of religious dissensions, has been held by all bigots of all sects, when condensed into a few words, and stripped of rhetorical disguise is simply this: I am in the right and you are in the wrong. When you are the stronger, you ought to tolerate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when I am the stronger I shall persecute you, for it is my duty to persecute error.ŠMaeaulay's Essay on Sir James Mackintosh, Par. 57. It was observed in the beginning of this book that crimes and misdemeanors are a breach and violation of the public rights and duties, owing to the whole community, considered as a community in its social aggregate capacity. And in the very entrance of these commentaries it was shown that human laws can have no concern with any but social and rela-tive duties, being intended only to regulate the conduct of man considered under various relations as a member of civil society. All crimes ought therefore, to be estimated merely according to the mischief which they produce in civil society, and of consequence, private vices, or breach of mere ab-solute duties, which man is bound to perform con-sidered only as an individual, are not, cannot be, the object of any municipal law.ŠCooley's Black-stone, Book 4, P. 40. Cooley in his work on Constitutional Law, also sets forth the relation of the in- dividual conscience to the civil law, as follows :Š It is the province of the State, to enforce, so far as it may be found practicable, the obligations and duties which the citizen may be under, or may owe to his fellow-citizen, or to society; but those which spring from relations between himself and his Maker are to be enforced by the admonitions of conscience, and not by the penalties of human laws. Indeed, as all real worship must essentially and necessarily consist in the free-will offering of adoration and gratitude by the creature to the Creator, human laws are obviously inadequate to 