174 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. make the final conclusion point to the enactment and enforcement of a Sunday law, and that would seem to harmonize every thought. The indications were that they think the Lord is not able to pass sentence and execute judgments against the violators of his law, and has consequently passed it over into their hands, for them to look after and enforce. So new they seem to think it incumbent on them to bring to pass some means whereby they can punish the transgressors of God's law (according to their interpretation of his law), and clear themselves of this great responsi-bility. It is not surprising that they should come to such a conclusion, when we re-member that one of their men has said, " In this work we are undertaking for the Sabbath, we are the representatives of God. " It is the principle upon which the Papacy was built; and the Papacy was only the natural outgrowth of the prin-ciple. The establishment of this principle is their object. OSCAR HILL. The Educational Amendment. IN a recent editorial on the Blair Edu-cational amendment, the Virginia City Chronicle says:Š " Should the amendment become a part of the national law the necessity would at once, exist for each State, or Congress, to establish by law a system of public schools, and to declare in such law what are the `fundamental, non-sectarian principles of Christianity.' The Legislature of each State would declare by statue for the government of the schools what are such ' fundamental principles,' and thus there would be a separate religious school code for each of the forty-two States. Consid-ering human nature as we find it, could any sensible person say that the Legisla-tures of forty-two States could be brought to agree on what are and what are not the `fundamental, non-sectarian principles ?' "The inevitable confusion, and conflict which would appear in such legislation but serves to show the soundness of the principle and popular sentiment, that the establishment of religion is not and should never be a function of civil gov-ernment. The principles of the Christian religion should be left for the Church and not the State to determine.. It can hardly be considered that the average member of a State Legislature, or of Congress, is fitted either morally or intellectually to determine for the people, the Church or the schools what is true religion." So far as the National Government is concerned, the people of the United States, considered -as a body politic, have no re-ligion to teach, no doctrine of .God to 'promulgate, and no form of worship to sustain or enforce.ŠS. Speer, D. D. AtzkorIC)1VAILe  RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. ' We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our dity to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by.  the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE CITY; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. The People Speak. THE following editorial report from the daily Bodie Miner, of California, is worth reprinting here. It has the right ring and a good deal of it :Š Last Tuesday J. H. Cook and J. A. Wheeler of the National Religious Liberty Association, arrived in Bodie. These gen-tlemen are travelling through Eastern Cal-ifornia and Western Nevada, obtaining signatures to petitions to Congress asking that body to refrain from any legislation whatever looking to a union of Church and State in the Government of the United States. Considering that. we have got along very comfortably, very happily, and very prosperously for over a hundred years without any such cranky nonsense, no sensible man thinks there is any sense in starting it now. The movement which Mr. Cook and Mr. Wheeler are urging is a simultaneous one in every State and Terri-tory in the Union, agents canvassing every-where for signatures to Congress to let the Constitution remain as it is so far as regards religion or religious tests. Returns of sig-natures to Washington are made weekly. These gentlemen commenced canvassing for names as soon as they arrived in town, and about every lady and gentleman who understood the matter readily signed the petition. A mass-meeting was held in. Miners' Union Hall on Thursday evening. The meeting was called to order by Watkin Morgan. Orlando E. Jones was selected for Chairman, Watkin Morgan acting ,as secretary. Chairman Jones read the Blair Sunday-rest Bill and the Joint Resolution propos-. ing to establish religion in our public schools; Mr. Jones then proceeded, in his customary clear and perspicacious style, to point out the absurdity of legislating on those subjects at all. We are happy, contented, prosperous, rich, and the boss of the -world ; us remain so; F. P. Willard made a very neat and tell-ing little speech in support of the petition, and was heartily applauded throughout. Harvey Boone,- while declining to make any remarks, heartily indorsed the peti-tion and the object of the meeting. J. H. Cook, who is thoroughly famil-iar with the entire subject, explained it very lucidly, after which the following resolutions were presented and read :Š Resolved, That we, the people of Bodie, Mono County, California, in mass-meeting assembled, are steadfastly opposed to the adoption by Congress of the United States of the joint resolutions intro-duced in the Senate by Senator Blair, proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, respecting the establishment of religion and free public schools. That we are opposed to the passage by Congress of the Blair Sunday-rest Bill, and to its kindred measure introduced by Mr. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, and to all other legisla-tion looking to the establishment of any system of religion by the Nation, or by any State ; or restrict-ing the right of any citizen to engage in any legiti-mate, lawful pursuits on any day of the week. Resolved, That the first section of the joint reso-lution for the amendment of the Constitution re-specting an establishment of religion and free public schools, which reads as follows: "No State shall make any law respecting an establishment of re-ligion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," is not designed to guard the rights of the several States, but to muzzle them, and thus center the power of legislation on the subject of religion for the several States, in the national Legislature. Resolved, That article second of said joint resolu-tion which proposes to establish and maintain a system of free public schools in which are taught the fundamental principles of the Christian religion, is destructive of the principles of religious and civil liberty, and is wholly un-American in its in-ception, and deserves the universal condemnation of every American citizen. Resolved, That the Blair Sunday-rest Bill 'is wholly a religious bill. Its passage would be religious legislation, therefore, is in conflict with the first amendment. " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." That it is in conflict with the words of Christ, " Render unto Cmsar the things that are Cmsar's, and unto God the things that are God's." That it places a high penalty of crime on conduct not essentially crimi-nal. That it is designedly loose in its wording, " labor,to the disturbance of others," giving every advantage in law to any religious bigot who may chance to have had his mental equilibrium dis-turbed by Sunday labor, subjecting the offending party to a fine from $10 to $1000; also the premium bid for any one to spy out persons who may have labored and received pay for said labor, in conflict with 'said law; to bring suit in his own name, and for his own use, and recover said money ; all of which speak plainly of the religious and intolerant character of the said bill; that they call loudly on every American citizen to come to the rescue and demand the preservation of the Constitution, as it now is, with all its safeguard against any religious legislation, and, protection alike equally to all. After the reading, N. B. Ward moved that the resolution be adopted. Carried, the vote being unanimous. Those present were then invited to sign the petition, which all did with alacrity. Friday morning, Messrs. Cook 'and Wheeler, having performed a good work in Mono County, left for Hawthorne, and will continue their, labors to Candelaria, and down through Inyo. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 