308 .61.1011IX-ZICA.N g1EINUCINTIE1_40 VoL. 10, No. 39. day, and in its general aspect would be op-posed to a " blue law " Sunday, but which, nevertheless, would admit of such restrictions as might be enacted without popular disap-proval. As stated elsewhere, we take no special in-terest in the outcome of this political contest. We stand opposed to all Sunday laws, because they all, whether strict or " liberal," invade the realm of conscience. They all, whether avowedly or not, demand a religious observ-ance of the day, since they all demand cessa-tion from work, which is a leading feature of that Sabbath observance which is commanded by God. The Sunday "law" is now the leading issue between the two leading political parties of the leading State in the Union; and that is-sue, as we have seen, concerns only the degree of Sunday observance to be embodied in the "law." If the Republican party proves success-ful, as it has in recent elections, the result will doubtless be attributed to its strong Sun-day attitude, and that attitude, having been thus apparently approved by the popular will, will be considered the proper one for the party in all contests, both State and National. And thus the way is wide open for the Sun-day issue to move rapidly forward to a posi-tion of supreme interest and importance in the nation. That it will do this there is not a shadow of doubt. And the presentation of that true personal liberty which is the Cre-ator's gift to every man, cannot be left to any political party. That work must be done by those who know that perfect liberty that comes from God, through an acquaintance with the gospel of Jesus Christ. NOT WILLING TO ABIDE BY THEIR OWN RULE. [Sabbath Recorder, September 26.] THE Christian Statesman, of Sept. 7, de-votes a column or two of its massive logic to the cases of prosecution and persecution of those who conscientiously observe the seventh instead of the first day of the week as the Sabbath. It takes such papers as the New York Tribune and the Christian Intelligencer to task for expressing sympathy for the per-secuted and for objecting to the laws that require Sunday observance. In justification of existing laws which lead to so much in-justice and trouble, this astute defender of Sunday legislation makes the following re-mark : " Sabbath laws are a necessity to protect all people in their right to a weekly rest day." Now who are these " all people " that should be thus protected in their rights ? What right is referred to ? Is it the right of con-science ? Is it the right of religious belief which the Constitution of the United States guards with such jealous care ? True this Statesman says " their right to a weekly rest day." But does this right mean their own enlightened, conscientious choice of the day upon which to rest, or simply their right to submit to a pope or a priest or Statesman as the dictator concerning which day shall be religiously observed ? Who has given the majority the "right" to lord it over the con-sciences, the rights of the majority ? The Statesman further says: " They [Sun-day laws] are needed to put the nation in right relations with Christ and his law." Yes, Georgia and Tennessee are furnishing beauti-ful illustrations of these " right relations" for which the Statesman has such a keen relish! That paragraph is closed with the sage remark  that, " to enforce the law for. the reasons stated above is not persecution." Having thus disposed of the New York Tribune and its denunciation of the unright-eous persecutions of Sabbath keepers, the Statesman swoops down upon the Christian Intelligencer, an earnest, Christian journal of New York, which also protests against such unjust persecutions in the name of law. The Intelligencer calls for an immediate revision of these sabbath laws in the following lan-guage :Š We insist upon this, first, because it is right. No community should interfere with the conscientious convictions of any of its people. Secondly, such a regulation would relieve the Seventh-day Baptists. Thirdly, the proposed change would free the friends of Sunday from a burden they ought not to carry, the burden of oppressing the consciences of their weak brethren. We are friends of the sabbath laws as both right and expedient, but those laws must not be used to inflict penalties upon conscientious and God-fear-ing men. To this the Christian Statesman makes re-ply in the following illogical language:Š The Christian Intelligencer says: "No community should interfere with the conscientious convictions of any of its people." But the laws in question do not so interfere. They do not forbid the observance of Saturday as the Sabbath. They do not require any one to observe the Sabbath religiously. They do not make a single religious act obligatory. They only restrain from doing what demoralizes, breaks down the sanctity of the Sabbath, or interferes with the right of others to a day of rest. Whether Saturday-keepers are weak or strong logically, whether con-scientious or not, whether they are excellent citizens or the reverse, their course is calculated to break down the sabbath entirely. The State has interests at stake. It has its own rights to maintain as well as the rights of all the people. If the demands of these people who observe Saturday are complied with, the whole machinery of government must be operated on the first day of the week. Their logic will not stop short of this. What becomes then of the rights of those who observe the first day of the week as the sabbath ? A small minority of the whole population who adopt views and practices so much at variance with the laws and customs of the country where they live must ex-pect some inconveniences, even when those laws are modified to the full extent permissible by the rights of the masses of the people. The Bible clearly points out the Sabbath day, and forbids work therein. It also en-joins work on the remaining six days. The law of the land changes the day which God has blessed and sanctified and requires the religious observance of another day. To this Sabbath keepers conscientiously object, and for this objection and loyalty to God's com-mand they are arrested, fined, imprisoned, put in the chain-gang, maltreated and made subject even to death, and still this great Statesman insists that this is no persecution, but that " a small minority of the whole pop-ulation who adopt views and practices so much at variance with the laws and customs of the country where they live must expect some inconveniences." Well, that is quite a comforting view of the situation, especially taken in connection with the Statesman's plea for the protection of " all people in their right to a weekly rest day." In the light of its own interpretation, such a right is simply the right to be dictated to and compelled to accept the dictum of a ruling majority regardless of conscience or religious liberty. In justifica-tion of the Sunday law, and its consequent " inconveniences" that a minority must suf-fer, this same logical reasoner says, " The State has interests at stake. It has its own rights to maintain as well as the rights of all the people." This is a new theory of State rights. We had supposed hitherto that the rights of " all the people " were of supreme importance; that the State itself exists in order that it may secure the interests and the rights of the people. It is a strange view of the case that the State has rights of its own, independent of  all the people! Who is the State ? How did it come into existence ? For what purpose was its government established ? Whence does it derive its support and its authority? Will the Statesman point out some of its "rights" that are independent of " all the people" ? Again it declares: " If the demands of the people who observe Saturday are complied with, the whole machinery of government must be operated on the first day of the week. What becomes then of the rights of those who observe the first day of the week as the Sab-bath ?" Here is a dilemma indeed! If the Statesman's worst fears shall be realized, the case will simply be reversed, and then the observers of Sunday being in the minority ought to be willing to abide by their own rule. But evidently they would not accept the situation with any better grace than the present minority do, as the above anxious question of the Statesman indicates. But really what are the " demands " of " these people who observe Saturday " ? They simply ask that they may be allowed to wor-ship God according to the dictates of their own consciences, according to the commands of the Bible, and the constitutional provision of the United States by which this religious liberty is guaranteed unto all of its citizens. This only is our demand; and if this shall necessitate such a change in the machinery of government as the Statesman fears, it will only prove the righteousness of our cause and should be hailed with joy by all who profess to be governed by the Word of God, rather than by the traditions of men. In matters of conscience, there can be no ruling of majori-ties. Might does not make right; but on the other hand, right does make might. The law, as stated by Peter, is as binding to-day as it has always been, " We ought to obey God rather than men." THE SUNDAY "LAWS." [The World, New York, Sept. 25.] WHAT are the Sunday laws? What do they prohibit? The first of them (section 263 of the Penal Code) forbids " all labor on Sunday except works of necessity or charity." It therefore forbids the blacking of boots, the cooking of hot dinners where cold victuals would suffice, the driving of street-cars or the running of elevated trains, the use of cabs for the transfer of passengers and baggage, the trimming of a rose-bush, the driving of carriages, the run-ning of elevators in office buildings, the sweeping of floors, and apparently the making of beds or the washing of dishes in houses where there are enough dishes for three meals. In brief, it forbids all work, not absolutely necessary. Section 265 prohibits " all shooting, hunt-ing, fishing, playing, horse-racing, gaming or other public sports, exercises or shows." Under this provision the hard-worked men who take a day off on Sunday and recreate themselves by quietly fishing are all lawbreak-ers. So is the man who plays a game of bil-liards, and the one who sits down to a game of chess with his wife, or who " plays" any sort of thing with his children. This is pre-cisely the construction that was given to the statute when it, was enacted, and repeated in a late decision, and no other is possible to those who " favor the maintenance of the Sunday laws" as they stand. The man who rides a bicycle or a horse on Sunday or drives in a buggy is equally a lawbreaker. He is en-gaged in a " public exercise." Section 266 prohibits "all trades, manufac-tures, agricultural or mechanical employments" 