258 AMERICAN SENTINEL. said to Peter, "Put up again thy sword into his sheath;" and touching the wound made by Peter's sword, he healed it. The Author of Christianity therefore plainly declared that such circumstances as had come upon Him and his disciples did not justify a resort to the sword. But if those circumstances did not justify it, what circumstances do ? It may be said that it was necessary that Jesus Christ should die for the salvation of the world. This is true; but God did not ordain that he should be betrayed and crucified. This was the work of wicked menŠmen whom the Christian church regards as the most guilty of their race. But to prevent this terrible deed, the crucifixion of One who not only was the most innocent of all persons on the earth, but was the Son of the infinite GodŠa resort to arms was not justifiable. A few hours later, standing before Pilate, Jesus said to him: "If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." He did not say, If circumstances were different, then would my servants fight. If some greater crime than my death were being perpetrated, then would my servants fight. He did not say this. The reason his servants would not fight was because his kingdom was not of this world. Because that was so, fighting by his servants was not justifiable; and until his kingdom is of this world, the same reason must hold good. But Christ's kingdom is no more of this world to-day than it was then. Peter, drawing the sword as a servant of Jesus Christ, is a figure worthy of note. Peter was an ardent disciple of Christ, a prominent member of the little band of Chris-tians, butŠhe was not converted. Jesus told him, that same evening, that he was not converted; and the cock-crowing hour of the same night, brought ample confirma-tion of his words. After his conversion, Peter never resorted to the sword. But standing there, sword in hand, bent upon its forcible use in the interests of Christianity, he well prefigured that class who, while professedly ardent serv-ants of the Son of God, are nevertheless not sufficiently converted to have comprehended the truth that his king-dom is not of this world. Mr. Moody on "Christian" Civilization. AT a recent address in the city of Evanston, Ill., Evangelist Moody spoke the following as his convictions regarding the difference between "Christian civilization" and Christianity:Š "Would we welcome Jesus to-day in America? People think the world is better than it used to be. But, do you know, if it could be put to a vote that Jesus Christ should come and reign as King upon earth, do you believe he'd carry a state in the United States? Do you believe he'd carry a county in this State? Do you believe he'd carry even a ward in this city? I don't believe he would. "We're strong in churches, but when it comes to ac- cepting Christ himself it would be different. Would the societies want himŠthe Odd Fellows or the Free Masons? Would the Republican party want him? They would vote for the greatest blackguard on earth, sooner. The Dem-ocratic party? They would go almost solid against him..  Ah, but you say, the Prohibition party would want him. I guess not. Some of you are shaking your heads at that. Well, shake 'em! I'm talking facts. "I'll come a little nearer home. Even the churches wouldn't want him to come, some of 'em. It would spoil some of 'em. There isn't a nation in all the so called Christian nations that would elect him. But I tell you we won't have peace on earth until he does come. The earth looks dark, now. It's going to be darker just be-fore dawn." 4  IF the Government hurries, it may be able to catch up with the church in the advance against Spain. 0. Ł -4 . " ImportantŠIf True." THE Rev. Dr. Charles Bridgman, of this city, has given us the assurance, that as regards the Cuban crisis, "It is God and not the devil who now calls the hosts to. battle." Just how he has learned this we are not in-formed; but, being the word of a clergyman, it is supposed to be accepted as a fact without any great amount of accompanying proof. Dr. Bridgman is chaplain of the eighth New York regiment, and his sermon last Sunday, the 17th, was preached to the regiment especially, that being the occa-sion of their annual church service. The opening hymn wasŠ " The Son of God goes forth to war. A kingly crown to gain; His blood-red banner streams afar; Who follows in his train?" And the discourse which followed was calculated to impress the soldiers with the idea that they were follow-ing "in his train" by going forth to engage in carnal warfare with the Spaniards. This mixing of the spiritual with the carnal, earthly, and sensual is the fatal defect in the conceptions of Christianity which prevail to-day. The Son of God never went forth to carnal warfare, and none who do so to-day can be following in his train. Notwithstanding the Rev. Mr. Bridgman's assurance, we are not satisfied that the business of making war has in this instance passed out of the hands of the devil into those of the Lord. Christianity opposes evil with goodŠnot with evil. "His Holiness." IT seems that the title "His Holiness" is not exclu-sively the property of the pope, but is held by several leaders of religious sects in India, the title being recog-nized by their followers as that of the pope is by Roman Catholics. Of course, the title means just as much in their cases as in that of the pope. No person can become 