ne. Mit SInOcnte Clignry ,ggs  10 AM Terrns. 2.5c Per Wur Che firming  of Me nation G) The Significance of the Present Activity AMERICAN SENTINEL. 301 drawn in Elijah's day between the worshipers of God and the worshipers of the beast, Baal, or self. On one side of the controversy will stand those who keep the command-ments of God and the faith of Jesus, and on the other side those who worship the beast and his image. But in-stead of a prophet of the Lord, there will stand an emis-sary of Satan who will seek to confirm the worshipers of the beast by the test of Elijah, and at the command of Satan's agent, fire will fall from heaven to establish souls in error, and to bring upon those who worship God and who keep his law the unrestricted enmity of the world. "An unseen, malignant intelligence is ever on the alert to corrupt every civil government, and turn it into a cruel despotism. This world has been usurped by Satan, and there is a controversy going on that has waged through all ages. The point in dispute is the question of who shall possess the earth as a kingdom. The history of the past shows the struggle of two opposing forces, and the victory and defeat of the two forces may be traced in the power exercised by the church-and-state union, and the undoing of that power. The tidings of the battle between principalities and powers may be read in the daily papers. To day the hosts of evil are rallying for a final battle, and the malignant spirit wars with des-perate earnestness for the mastery of the world. It is he who is behind the movement for the revival of the beast-like principles and policy in order that the machinery of the state may be manipulated by the church, to blot out all who would be loyal to Christ; for such will yet be counted as traitors to human interests. "He has led men to believe that if religious observ-ances can be compelled by law (but this would only turn men into hypocrites and knaves), that the millennium will soon be ushered in and the kingdom of Christ will be set up on earth. This malignant spirit allures souls along forbidden paths to chase the will o' the wisp of a supposed golden age, in order to overwhelm them at last in the morass of destruction and death. Christ's king_ dom is not of this world, and he who in the name of Christ would pose as its king, is an impostor and a usurper. Yet so deceived will men be that they will actually think that they do God service in persecuting those who will not bow down before the arch deceiver." "0 mama, what will keep us in such an hour of temp_ Cation?" "Jesus says that he will keep us if we will keep the word of his patience." "May God help us to do it." "Amen." F. B. SEND FOR yOdFamaEgXedCEoLff LerEedN  aTt  BOOKS,half price.  Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THR International Religious liberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, 44 Six months, 64 Three " - $1.00 .50 - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. THE (WING OF THE NITIONS, An illustrated pamphlet, showing some of the mod-ern appliances for war which are now in actual service, with descriptions of the same. It gives a ta-ble showing the strength of the armies and navies of Europe. VERY INTERESTING. Second Edition. Eighteenth Thousand Now Ready, Price, 10 cts, each; $5.00 per hundred. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. 