nreffi.mit,  Equal and exact justice to all rnert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Afe rson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JUNE 19, 1890. NUMBER 25. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW Yonx. EDITOR, - - Ł ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. THE statements in regard to compulsory education in the leader in last week's SENTINEL are not to be taken in an abso-lute sense; but,  as in intent agreeing per-fectly with the propositions in the article reprinted from Judge Prendergast in the same paper. Taking, however, the phases of compulsory education which we had directly in mind we mean all that we said, that it is totally unwarranted and only evil. We shall print another article shortly, giving the facts which show this to be so. We merely make this note now to prevent any misunderstanding of the phrases in' the article named. Ł Ł A MARKED feature of the debate, in the Senate, on the bill " subjecting imported liquors to the provisions of the laws of the several states," which was introduced to do away with the result of the " orig-inal package " decision of the Supreme court, has been an almost universal con-sideration of the question from a " moral " point of view. " Regulation of morals " and " protection of morals, " by the police power of the State, have been phrases in constant use throughout the discussion. If the highest deliberative body in the Nation fails to distinguish between sin and crime, immorality and incivility, and in its debates presupposes the .right of the State to " regulate mor-als by police power, how, far are -those who are striving to bring about the gen-eral governmental s-upervisien of morals from the accomplishment of their pur-pose ? The moral question as to whether a man shall injure his own health, blunt  his moral sensibilities and come short of eternal life, through the use of intoxicants, or any other agent, is an entirely different question from the civil issue as to whether another man may manufacture and expose for sale that destructive agent. The manufacturer and seller of intoxi-cating liquors must answer to God for the sin of tempting his neighbor to his de-struction, but for the crime against the peace and welfare of the State he is an-swerable to the police power of that State. The manufacture, transportation, and sale of intoxicating liquors, so far as the authority of Congress or the police power of the State is concerned, has nothing to do with morals, but is solely a matter of the jurisdiction of the municipal law. What the Bennett,Law Really Is. , WE have before stated that in his re-view of the Compulsory Education laws of Wisconsin and Illinois, Judge Prender-gast was more tender of the Bennett Law than there is any need to be, and we think more than the law itself will justly allow. His first remark in this direction is :Š I venture to say that the opposition to the so-called Bennett Law of Wisconsin is directed against what that Iaw is believed to be, rather than against what it is. That is too bad if it is true; because there is certainly enough in the law for what it is to justify all the opposition to it that there is, or has been. It is too bad to spend legitimate effort under a misap-prehension when there is such ample ground for a right expenditure; we shall therefore examine the matter again to clear it of all misapprehension, and let the op-position be concentrated upon the law strictly for what it is. Next the Judge says The Bennett Law, while open to some objections, is yet replete with provisions recognizing and guard-ing parental rights. We shall see how replete it is with such provisions, when we shall have gone a little further along. The State Superintendent of Public In- struction, for Wisconsin, issued an official circular, January 25, to explain to Boards of Education, Boards of School Directors, and School District Boards, the provisions of the Bennett Law. In this circular the Superintendent says :Š The following is a copy of that part of the law which imposes specific duties upon school boards and school officers :Š The people of the State of Wisconsin, represented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as follows:Š SECTION 4. Every parent or other peison having under his control a child between the ages of seven and fourteen years, shall annually cause such child to attend some public or private day school in the city, town, or district in which he resides, for a period of not less than twelve weeks in each year, which number of weeks shall be fixed prior to the ftrst day of Sep-tember in each year, by the Board of Education or Board of Directors of the city, town, or district, and for a portion or portions thereof, to be so fixed by such Boards, the attendance shall be consecutive, and such Boards shall, at least ten days prior to the beginning of such period, publish the time or times of attendance, in such manner as such Boards shall direct; provided that such Boards shall not fix such compulsory period at more than twenty-four weeks in each year. SECTION 2. For every neglect of such duty the person having such control and so offending shall forfeit to the use of the public schools of such city, town, or district, a sum not less than three dollars ($3.00) nor more than twenty dollars ($20.00); and failure for each week or portion of a week on the part of any such person to comply with the provisions of this aot, shall constitute a distinct offense; provided, that any such child shall be excused from attendance at school required by this act, by the Board of Education or School Directors of the city, town, or district in which such child resides upon its being shown to their satisfaction that the person so neglecting is not able to send such child to school, or that instruction has otherwise been given for a like period of time to such child in the elementary branches commonly taught in the public schools, or that such child has already acquired such elementary branches of learn-ing, or that his physical or mental condition is such as to render attendance inexpedient or impracticable, and in all cases where such child shall be so excused the penalty herein provided shall not be incurred. SECTION 3. Any person having control of a child who, with intent to evade the provisions of this act, shall make a wilful false statement concerning the age of such child or the time such child has attended school, shall, for such offense, forfeit a sum of not less than three dollars ($3) nor more than twenty dollars ($20) for the use of the public schools of such city, town, or district. SECTION 4. Five days prior to the beginning of any prosecu-tion under this act such Board shall cause a written notice to be personally served upon such person having control of any such child, of his duty under this act, and of his default in fail-ing to comply with the provisions hereof, and if, upon the hear-ing of such prosecution, it shall appear to the satisfaction of the court that before or after the receipt of such notice such person has caused such child to attend a school as provided in this act in good faith and with intent to continue such attend-ance, then the penalty provided by this act shall not be incurred. SECTION 5. No school shall be regarded as a school, under this act, unless there shall be taught therein, as part of the elementary education of children, reading, writing, arithmetic, and United States history, in the English language. SECTION 6. Prosecutions under this act shall only be instituted and carried on by the authority of such Boards and shall be brought in the name'of said Boards, and all fines and penalties, when collected, shall be paid to the School Treasurer of such city, town, or district, or other officer entitled to receive school moneys, the same to be held and accounted for as other school moneys received for school purposes. Ssariox 7. Jurisdiction 'to enforce the penalties herein de-scribed in this act is hereby conferred on justices of the peace and police magistrates within their respective counties. 