564' AMERICAN SENTINEL_ that creates itself ? To believe this requires the credulity of a " freethinker." If power could create itself, the problem of a "perpetual motion" would have been solved long ago. If nothing could create something, could not man, who is much more than nothing, create something? Yet he cannot create the very lowest and simplest form of life. Faith is the characteristic of the Christian. The Christian knows God, for he has experienced the power of God in making him a new beingŠgiving him a new creation. He has experienced crucifixion and death of the "old man"Šhis former selfŠwith Jesus Christ, and with Christ he has been raised up and exalted to heavenly places, and experiences the divine life working in him, which is Christ living in him. When Christ lives in an in-dividual, that individual cannot be ignorant of him. He is in the closest companionship with Christ, and can only look with pitying amazement upon the one who would try to persuade him that Christ does not exist. Thus knowing the Lord, knowing God's companion-ship and power in his own experience daily, and seeing God's power in all the forms of life and growth around him, is it unreasonable that he should believe in that power? Would anything be more unreasonable in him than that, knowing this, he should refuse to believe in that power? The Christian believes that He who created all things and maintains them in life, can heal the sick of all dis-eases. This is only reasonable in the highest degree. He believes that God's Word is true; and finding that Word full of gracious invitations to ask of his heavenly Father for that aid which it is beyond his own power to supply, for the healing of both body and soul, he simply takes God at his word, and thus experiences true faith cure. It is the same power, and the same faith, whether it be for the healing of the body, or of the soul. The soul of the unregenerate man is sick unto death; and that which is called conversion, is its healing,Ša true instance of  faith cure; for it must all come through faith. Faith being thus in the highest degree reasonable, is the direct opposite of superstition. The two'cannot go together. The superstitious person knows nothing of true faith, and the man of faith is never superstitious. And wherever faith is not, there superstition has access. Faith, not education, is the safeguard against supersti-tion. Faith, indeed, is itself an avenue to the highest education, the knowledge of God. But that education which is without God, prepares no one to detect spiritual error when it appears in the form of truth. And this is abundantly proven by the ease with which " educated " people fall victims to the "faith cure" "Christian science," and kindred delusions of the times. Faith cureŠthe genuineŠis all right; it is the only salvation for the race, or for any individual. And there-ore it is of the utmost importance to each individual that he should obtain the genuine faith cure, and no counterfeit; for it is something each one must obtain for himself. Truth and Freedom. JESUS said to the Jews (and the words apply equally to all people), "Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make y ou free." In this, as in everything else that Jesus said and did, he was revealing the mind of God, his Father; for he came to manifest his Father to the world. It was the Father who spoke through Christ, in all that Christ said. God wants every person to know the truth, and he wants them to know it in order that they may be free. God has no use for slaves. Only in freedom can an indi-vidual serve him. The service of God is to love God and do what he has commanded because we love him and our fellow creatures. In love there can be no slavery. The truth of God delivers the soul from bondage. And no chains or fetters that can be forged by man can shut out this truth from the soul. God's truth breaks the bonds of a perverse disposition, of evil habits, of fear, and of everything that can hold back the soul from the pathway of righteousness that leads to eternal life. If we would be free we must know "the truth." But what is this? The answer is found in the words of Jesus, "I am the iay, the truth, and the life." We must know "the truth as it is in Jesus." Is this a narrow view of truth? No, indeed; it is the broadest view of truth, the only complete view of truth that can be had. He who sees not Christ in his investigation of truth, sees not enough of the truth to escape falling into many delusions concerning it. God wants all persons to serve him ; not for his good, but for their goodŠin order that they may realize all the good and the happiness that life can contain. And to serve him they must be free; no forced service can be acceptable to him. No plan to force men to serve him can for a moment have his approval. And to be free, men must know the truth,Šwhich is to know him who is "the truth"ŠŁ`Christ, the wisdom of God and the power of God." In the spiritual lifeŠwhich is the true lifeŠknowledge is not power, save as it is the knowledge of Christ as the power of God unto salvation. He who holds this knowledge, and only he, has truth and freedom. .• . Overlooking Parental Duty. Tax. Union Signal, of August 26, says that where there is a tendency in the denominational school to leave the spiritual development of the young people under their care entirely to the church, the result is, invariably, that there has sprung up in the college itself a worldly spirit utterly destructive of all spiritual growth. This shows that the moral training of the youth must not be left to the church; and it might just as truthfully have been added, that where the moral training of the youth is left to the schools and colleges, the same spirit destructive of spiritual growth generally takes possession of the pupils. 