188 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Again of the betrayal scene Zechariah had written: "And I [Judas foreseen in the act] said unto them [chief priests], If ye think good, give me for my price thirty pieces of silver." Chap. 11:12. Did Judas realize he was fulfilling this Scripture when he " covenanted with them for thirty pieces of silver "? No. But Jesus knew the prophet's words, and while Judas might have known and been saved, still his eyes were blinded by covetousness, and he rushed on to his fearful doom. When too late he saw what he had done. The lesson is for us. Scripture is still being fulfilled and will be unto the end. God's Word speaks of oppres-sive religious laws which will be in force when Christ comes. Some of these laws are now in existence, and some no doubt are still to be made. Men of influence will act a part in these things. Their voice may be raised in support of enactments Which will result in crushing out individual liberty to serve God "according to the dic-tates of conscience," and which are also in direct opposi-tion to the principles found in God's Word. Reader, search the Scriptures, lest when too late you find out "that these things were written of him," and that you have "done these things unto him" in the per-son of his followers : for "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me." The Sixteenth Amendment " Again. THE following joint resolution was introduced in Congress by Senator Gallinger, of New Hampshire, March 18. It was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary :Š / "JOINT RESOLUTION "Proposing an amendment to the Constitution of, the United States respecting an establishment of religion or the free exercise thereof. "Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-bled (two-thirds of each House concurring therein), That the following amendment to the Constitution of the United States be proposed for ratification by legis-latures in the several States, which, when, ratified by legislatures in three-fourths of the United States, shall be valid as a part of the said Constitution, namely :Š " ARTICLE XVI. " ' Neither Congress nor any, State shall pass any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof, or use the property or credit of the United States, or of any State, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used, for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by ap-propriation, payment of services, expenses or otherwise, any church, religious denomination, or religious society, or any institution, society, or undertaking, which is wholly or in part under sectarian or ecclesiastical con-trol.' " This proposed "sixteenth amendment" has been be- fore Congress on several previous occasions. It is aimed chiefly at the appropriations of public funds for sectarian schools, which Congress seems very reluctant to discon-tinue. Ł Gathering the Fruit. IN the Catholic Standard and Times, of March 6, "Father" David, a high authority among English Cath-olics, gives his answers to a questioner relative to the result of the Pope's recent decision on "Anglican orders," as follows:Š " ' Did the decision on Anglican orders bring you a notable. windfall ? ' " `Yes. There has been a rush since. The clergymen have shown that they only wished to get Rome's con-firmation of their opinion and status and not reunion. Very few, half a dozen only, of them have come over. But many of the people whom they kept back with unreal assurances about the validity of orders, have made a rush.' " 'And the others ?' " `The Others are still held back, many of them not for long. The question is : How long the High Anglicans or Ritualists will be able to restrain the tendencytowards Catholicism. Men are breaking" from the lines daily. Were there a commotion a body might pass over. There are only two million communicants in the Church, of.  England, though she counts about twelve million adhe-rents. Of these two millions the Ritualists ,are sixty thousand. They are no power at all in the country, but a strong influence in the towns. A hundred chances may make their position untenable. They may grow and ac-quire more and more influence, but their progress is only a better omen. Eventually there must come a breatKage. Already the dyke which their clergymen have formed strains under its burden of waters. A chance impulse from behind may make it break. Their position is logi-cally untenable and practically precarious.' " No Authority for the Puritan Sunday. OursmE of England and America, no oneŠProtest-ants no more than CatholicsŠpretends that Sunday is the Sabbath commanded in the laws of Moses. . . The Spanish, Portuguese, Italian and all Slavonic lan-guages have for Saturday a name derived from " Sab-bath"Šsuch are Sabado, Sabbato, SobotaŠand the French Samedi and German Samstag are drawn from the same root.' The very Sabbatarians of England and America call Sunday the first day of the week, in the same breath in which they quote the fourth command-ment in Exodus 20, for the sanctity of the seventh day. Moreover, the day there commanded must in its very nature begin with sunset: for a man is enjoined to remember it, to keep it holy, in plain English to greet its advent, and that can hardly be done with the Sunday-Sabbath which begins at 'twelve o'clock at night, when most good Christians are asleep.-2American Hebrew. 