14 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. any defect in our reasoning, and if there be not reason to fear the result of such an amendment as the Association is laboring to secure. We will briefly state a few points made by the speakers and writers of the Association. In the National Convention held in 1874, in a speech which was loudly cheered by the officers and delegates, are the following words:Š " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures, and of course Congress establishes a standard of money, weight, and measure. So Congress must establish a stand-ard of religion, or admit anything called relig-ion, as it already has the Oneida Community in New York, the Mormons in Utah, and the Joss house in California." This speech was "cheered to the echo," and it was very evident that the First Amendment to the Constitution of the United States was as unpopular, in this convention, as the idea of the Religious Amendment was, popular. The truth is, these amendments are antagonistic, and the Reform Association spoke as people who clearly recognize the fact. Now we inquire if the Beacon can see no harm in Congress establishing a standard of religion,Šif it approves of the idea of legal- izing Christian laws and institutions in our Na-tional Government. If the editor is willing that Congress shall establish, and put in legal force, a standard of religion for him, then we greatly mistake his temper and spirit. We beg leave to dissent; our religion is not of that kind, to be measured out to us by Congress, or any other body of law-makers. Consider for a moment the character of Con- gress in its relation to Christianity, or even to religion and morality, and then consider what kind of a "standard of religion" our Congress will establish. It will not be sufficient to say,  that the Bible is the law of the land; steps must be taken to enforce its precepts, its Chris-tian features and usages; otherwise these in- stitutions and usages will not be placed on a legal basis. But, as we have elsewhere argued, everybody's construction of the Bible cannot be enforced, and whose shall be selected to be put on a legal basis? Let not any think lightly of our purpose and our work in opposing the Re-ligious Amendment until they have considered these questions in their bearings. Before we open the flood-gates, let us clearly settle how the waters are to be guided or kept under control. As above intimated, the simple declaration that God is the source of power, and the Bible the supreme law of the nation's conduct, would have no practical effect. Legislation would be required to enforce religious usages, or, to " es- tablish a standard of religion," or, to put Chris-tianity on a legal basis. This is clearly recog-nized by the National Reform party.' For proof of this we offer the following:Š In 1870, December 5, a Philadelphia paper announced that a number of Congressmen, Vice-president Colfax being one of them, ar-rived in Washington by railroad, on Sunday, December 4. The Christian Statesman, the organ of the Reform Association, spoke the feeling of its party on that subject. From its article we briefly quote. It said:Š "1. Not one of those men who thus violated the Sabbath is fit to hold any official position in a  Christian nation. . . He who violates the Sabbath may not steal, because the judgment of society so strongly condemns theft, or be-cause he believes that honesty is the best pol-icy; but tempt him with the prospect of con-cealment or the prospect of advantage, and there can be no reason why he who robs God will not rob his neighbor also. For this reason, the Sabbath lies at the foundation of morality. Its observance is an acknowledgment of the sovereign rights of God over us. " 2. The sin of these Congressmen is a na-tional sin, because the nation hath not said to them in the Constitution, the supreme rule for our public servants, We charge you to serve us in accordance with the higher law of God.' . . . "3. Give us in the national Constitution the simple acknowledgment of the law of God as the supreme law of nations, and all the results indicated in this note will be ultimately secured. Let no one say that the movement does not contemplate sufficiently practical ends." And thus, as the ultimate result of their de-mands, we are to have a reversal of that clause of the sixth article of the Constitution which forbids religious tests as qualifications for office, and of the first amendment, which declares that Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. People may continue to inquire, " What is the harm?" In the eyes of those who are willing to see our Government entirely remodeled to suit the ideas of short-sighted religious zealots, there can appear to be no harm. But let them know that these ulti-mate objects will not be obtained without a struggle more disastrous than any that our nation has yet seen; and that when such polit-ical-religious machinery is set in Motion, it can-not be controlled by the cool-headed men who put it in force. We promise that we shall do nothing to oppose its initiation or its action beyond lifting up our voices in warning, and pointing out the dangers which threaten both our civil and our religious liberty. But there are many tens of thousands in the land who will oppose it by other means. And we expect that, as Elijah was accused of troubling Israel because be pointed out the cause of their troubles, so we shall be accused of creating the trouble against which we have uttered our warnings. The first Inquisition was founded on a pro-fessed desire to advance the cause of God on the earth. The effort to establish a second is based on the same profession. But Christianity was not, and never will be, benefited by such means. We hope that none will condemn our work without carefully reading and considering our reasons. J. II. W. Not a Christian Nation. THE San Jose, Cal., Mercury makes the fol-lowing sensible remarks upon the oft-repeated claim that this is a Christian country or nation: " The framers of the Constitution not only omitted the establishment of a State religion, but made careful provision against its future establishment. That instrument is simply a political bond for securing the civil rights and establishing the limitation of those rights be-tween citizens, irrespective of their religious beliefs and practices. The fact that a large majority of the inhabitants of the United States  are nominally Christians does not make this a Christian country. A majority of the church members in Delaware are Methodists, but it is not, therefore, a Methodist State. The only attempt to identify religion with citizenship was made by the early Puritans of Massachu-setts, and proved a failure. Rhode Island, which was settled by Baptists and in which that denomination probably predominates now, is not and never was styled a Baptist State, nor was Maryland, which was settled by Cath-olics, made thereby a Catholic commonwealth. So much for the nominal or technical Christian-ity of this country. When it comes to absolute practical Christianity, there is no country, na-tion, despotism, monarchy, or republic on the face of the earth that ought to have the hardi-hood to term itself Christian. "The political institutions of the United States, while they do not give any form of the Christian religion, or the religion itself, pre-dominance or peculiar rights, do yet afford all forms of it a fair and unlimited field for moral action and moral influence. The Christian missionary is exposed to no restraining laws or personal perils, except, perhaps, those incident to the collection of his salary. But the Israel-ite, the Mahommedan, or the Buddhist has an equal right to preach, and, if he can, to make converts to his faith. None of them, however, can properly claim that his religious observ-ances shall be engrafted upon the law of the land. The field for Christian effort and teach-ing in the United States is a magnificent one; but its limits are within the Łboundaries of ar- gument, persuasion, and moral force. It has neither national reognition nor governmental power, and the claim that- this is a Christian country, either theoretically or practically, is baseless." Pity for Rum's Victims. LADIES and gentlemen, I appeal to all of you ŠI appeal to every sensible and sensitive heart in England and America, to this divine feel-ing of pity. Do we not, must we not, feel pity when we think of the hundreds and thousands of men who become the victims of a dead prod-uct which is yet potent enough to destroy souls for whom Christ died ? Must we not feel pity for the ravages which are caused by this deadliest of all human curses? Do we not feel Ł pity for the men whom we have probably seen and known, who because of drink are living in its pollution and going to deaths of blasphemy, and are giving back to the God who made them nothing but the dust of their bodies and the shipwreck of their souls? Have we no pity for the thousands who are pouring poison into the ranks of youth until its root becomes as bit-terness and its blasphemy comes up as fruit? Have we no pity for the families, the husbands and wives on whose hearthstones are burning, because of drink, the very fires of hell ? Have we no pity for the mothers whose hearts are rent with anguish at the fate of these their offspring? Do we not feel for the unmotherly mothers who well-nigh turn womanhood to laughter and motherhood to horror? Have we no pity for the poor miserable children ? Is there no voice strong enough to plead "like angels, trumpet-tongued, against the deep dam- 