392 A.IVIIMELI C .AN SIHiNr1171NEIL. VOL. 8. No. 49. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 14, 1893. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Romanists acknowledge that they own $118,000,000 worth of untaxed prop-erty in the United States; " but good judges," says the Primitive Catholic, " place it at double this." A CONTEMPORARY asks, " Is popery growing liberal ? "ŠBy no means. Prot-estants are simply growing careless of their liberties and recreant to their sacred duties. "Rome never changes." THE Bible says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath ; " the Sunday people say, " The first day is the Sabbath." Is there any reason why we should doubt the Lord's word ? If not, can there be any reason why we should believe those who contra-dict that word ? THE Sabbath Outlook says that "judicial decision has virtually annulled the Sunday law of Texas." But has that decision annulled the assumption of the right of the State to legislate upon religious ques-tions ? If not, the top of the noxious weed has simply been cut off leaving the root in the earth to again send forth a stock and branches as vigorous as before. DECEMBER 1, the German Reichstag, by a vote of 173 to 136, revoked the decree, passed more than a score of years ago, expelling the Jesuits from Germany. Germany is to be no exception to the inspired prediction of Rev. 13 : 8, "All that dwell upon the earth shall worship him [the papal beast], whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." THE Political Dissenter quotes the " Homiletic Commentary " as follows :Š Numbers have a wonderful influence in begetting confidence. They inspire men with hope of suc-cess. It seems impossible that so many can be de-feated. The fact that the wicked are in the major-ity in this world is often a strong point with them. This was the hope of Pharaoh and Sennacherib. The first Napoleon made his boast that Providence fought always on the side of the great battalions. . . . Men think there is safety in being one of many. But it is not so. The Political Dissenter adds this perti-nent comment :Š The plain teaching, therefore, is, no matter what the size of the crowd, or the sphere of its activity if it does wrong, apply the principle of dissent. Has the Dissenter thought to apply this principle to the boasted millions that peti-tioned for Sunday legislation in the matter of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair,  and who are expected to make renewed de-mands for additional measures of religious legislation, and who justify themselves in what they have done and in that which they propose to do, on the ground that they are " the majority " and " the best people of the land " ? The only prop that the Sunday institution has is the fact that the majority keep it to a greater or less ex-tent. It is without foundation in right or in the word of God. A CLERGYMAN of Philadelphia says we shall have no return of prosperity " until Christianity shall be recognized as the law of the land." Judge quotes this and adds this comment : " Here is your Church and State with a vengeanceŠsuch a ven-geance as would leave no free-thinker or honest questioner with a head safe to re-main on his shoulders. Oh, let us never be so good in our way that we can't let somebody else be good in his way." THE Outlook states, upon the authority of a correspondent who has interviewed the directors upon the subject, that the Midwinter Exposition in Golden Gate Park, San Francisco, will be open on Sun-day. The Outlook (formerly the Christian Union) expresses the opinion that " the directors would best subserve the moral interests, and even the interests of Sunday preservation, were they to open the fair in the afternoon and evenings, stop the machinery, forbid sales, and not provide for special and extraordinary attractions, such as fireworks on Sunday evening." 4 A LARGE numberof subscriptions are about to expire. These should be promptly renewed in order to avoid missing a single number of this paper. The opening of the new volume will be signalized by a series of articles from the Editor on the Catholic question, now one of the living issues in this country. We do not want to lose a single old subscriber, but on the. contrary 'to gain many new ones; and certainly no old subscriber can afford to be without the paper in view of the important themes to be discussed in its pages in the near future. Any person sending us four new subscriptions, with four dollars, will re-ceive the SENTINEL free for the year 1894. OCTOBER 5, we printed an article from the Christian Standard, written by Jas. A. DeMoss, M.D., and entitled, " Our One Great Danger." The article was sent to us, and the date of the paper from which it was taken was not furnished. Its authenticity was subsequently chal-lenged, but we are happy to say that we now have in this office the paper in which the article first appeared, namely, the Christian Standard of August 12, 1893. The doubting Thomases may satisfy them-selves of the genuineness of the article by writing to the Christian Standard 16-20 East Ninth Street, Cincinnati, Ohio. It appeared on page 18 of the paper, 644 of the volume. THE Papists having felt the public pulse upon the question of State aid to parochial schools, and ascertained that their pro-posed concerted raid upon the treasuries of several of the States will probably meet with successful opposition, are pre-paring for a graceful retreat. The recent circular advocating State aid to sectarian schools was, at the time of its issue, cred-ited to Cardinal Gibbons, and it was pos-itively stated that it was issued with his approval. Now the Baltimore Sun denies positively that the circular emanated from the cardinal, and states that the Catholics of Maryland are divided in opinion on the question of State aid for parochial schools. A Roman Catholic, who is supposed to know the sentiments of Catholics on this question, is credited with this utterance :Š I believe the majority of intelligent Catholics are opposed to the plan. I further believe Cardinal Gibbons has no hand in the plan and is lending it neither active nor moral support. He would un-doubtedly see that to urge the appropriation asked for would be bad politics, if there were no other considerations. Personally, I think the cardinal has too much reverence for American institutions to favor any such movement. I do not know what the outcome of the move-ment in New York will be, but you can safely say that in Maryland the legislature will not, at this session, be asked for aid for Roman Catholic paro-chial schools. Doubtless the cardinal has too much "reverence" for public opinion to do any- thing that he has reason to believe would arouse successful opposition on the part of Protestants. But the closing words of this quotation amount to a confession that a raid on the public treasury in the in-terest of sectarian schools is contemplated, but that it is not to be made at this session of the legislature. Very unfortunately for the positive denial of the Baltimore Sun, the Catholic Review of the 9th inst. states that the circular in question was issued "by the direction of Cardinal Gibbons." THE Emperor William, Germany's young war lord, is credited with this utter-ance, in a recent speech to his soldiers :Š I want Christian soldiers who say their Lord's Prayer. Soldiers are not to have a will of their own. You must have but one will, and that is my will; one law, and that is my law. It is difficult to determine from this just what the emperor means. It seems, how-ever, to be an assertion of divine right, and that to the extent that his will is identical with that of the Author of the Lord's Prayer, so that in praying " Thy will be done," the " Christian " soldier might have in mind equally the will of Christ and of Emperor William ! And yet we are living in the last decade of the nineteenth century. Times have, in some respects changed, but have men changed with them as much as we sometimes imagine ? AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per dear, - - 906 44 25 to 99 ' " " " ,, 100 to 249 " " " " ,, - - 75c . 250 to 499 " " " " " - Ł - 70c it 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more 46 tt tt it .. . - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 