381, SMIWIPINT.IHALA Vol,. 11, No. 48. tams, armies, and. battle ships is Christian power is, to us, a virtual denial of the power of Christ. The power of the British army is in no true sense any more a Christian power than is the power of the Turkish army. An army of Mohammedans may be truly called a Mohammedan power, because Mohammed taught and justified the use of the sword in the propagation of his doctrines; but no army of soldiers can be a Christian army, or repre-sent Christian power, because the Author of the Christian religion declared against the use of violence in the propagation of his re-ligion, or for any other purpose. All war is unchristian. It cannot, therefore, be a man-ifestation of Christian power. Bat this war-like power, national power, the power of armies and battleships, is just what the Inde-pendent means by the term "Christian power" in the quotation we are considering. Another sentence from this article will prove this: " The Moslem Turks feel that, for the present at least, Islam is more power-ful than Christianity." This is measuring Christianity and the power of Christ by the Mohammedan standard. The Ind pendent further says: " The bat-tle royal of Christianity is to be with Islam. The other great religions are to be met with argument, persuasion. Islam must be met by force. . . . Power is the one quality of religion which they [the Mohammedans] ap-preciate, and they will yield their faith only as they become convinced that it has met)  its superior in strength." Justice to the Independent demands the statement that in this same article it denies the intention of using force against Turkey for the compelling of individual Moslems to accept Christianity; yet indirectly it asserts this very thing, when it calls for this force to be employed for the destruction of Turkey as a nation, that individual Mohammedans may see and recognize the power of Christ and so be led to become Christians! It says dis-tinctly: "For centuries the Sultan has rep-resented to the Moslem world, the element of power. . . . To drive him from that van-tage ground would be to give a fatal blow to the system itself, and thus release from its thrall many who are already in doubt, but are held by fear from acknowledging that doubt." If this idea of Christian power, of Christian progress, is to prevail; if the " battle royal" between Christianity and Islam is to be fought with gan, bayonet, and battleships in order to humble Turkey, that Moslems may more readily become Christians by recognition of Christian power,Šthen it matters very little to true Christianity which power gains the victory. The Christianity of the one is little above the Mohammedanism of the other. Brute force alone is glorified. Moslems con-verted to Christianity under such influences ould be no better men as Christians than hey were before as Moslems. They would imply transfer their allegiance and faith rom one cruel, brutal power to another. ndeed they would not be converted to Chris-ianity at all, but to a power which violates very principle of the religion it professes to ustain. National Christian,ity, which many so ad-ire, has nothing to commend it above Mo-ammedanism. Turkey is as bad a product f Mohammedanism as the world ever saw, ut to-day she is not equal in national crimes o Spain in the days of the Inquisition, or ranee at the time of the St. Bartholomew assacre. The question might here very properly be sked why Islam cannot be met and influenced y the same means that other religions are  met and conquered. The answer of the In-dependent is that Islam respects nothing but force. But if the application of force is a correct principle, why confine it to national affairs, or to the relations of the so called Christian powers to Turkey ? Men who re-spect nothing but force are not confined to Moslem countries. They are found every-where. Argument and persuasion have ut-terly failed in their cases. Why, then, should they not be coerced ? These questions let in the light upon the whole plan of national Christianity, and the use of this so-called Christian power. It is not Christian power. Nations, like individuals, may steal the livery of the court of heaven that they may better serve their own interests or some high church party. Let the nation interfere to protect its citizens in Turkey, if they are in danger; and in the name of a common humanity let them inter-fere to prevent the killing of the revolution-ary Armenians, if they will. But why try to throw the mantle of Christianity over their actions ? Why, as an authority and justifica-tion of their conduct, invoke the name of Him who once said to one of his over-zealous followers, " Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword " ? Why call a course of action Christian, when it is distinctively forbidden by the Author of Christianity ? WhyŠunless because the virus of a national religion, a governmental religion, a union of the Church with the State, has, by false teaching, been inoculated into the very life-blood of the national sentiment so thoroughly that a touch of the nation's pulse reveals its presence. Is it any wonder Łthat the power of Christ is so little manifested in the popular Chris-tianity of this day, when that Christianity has such an erroneous idea of what' Christian power is ; and when, lacking the true power, it tries to take and utilize another power in its place ? CIVIL LAW VS. RELIGION. BY GRANT ADKINS. WE can scarcely comprehend how that men who are seemingly ardent advocates of "lib-erty of conscience' and of the Christian motto "do unto others as you would they should do unto you," can in any sense whatever ally themselves with any who are clamoring for a law that will enforce upon the minority the religious opinions of the majority, and still claim that everybody ought to be allowed to worship God according to the dictates of one's own conscience. It does seem that any one could see by a moment's reflection that any civil law that will discriminate between citizens, and will concede to a corporation, a body of men, any right that it would not allow to an individual, is a wicked and unjust law; yet Such is the character of all Sunday laws. The pastors of this city have of late had much to say on "The proper observance of the Sabbath," two sermons having been preached by two of the leading Presbyterian joivines. After this the matter was brought before the Pastors' Union, and all present were free to say that the law must be rigidly enforced, and that the Sunday newspaper was a detri-ment to the youth and the church. To show their disapproval, many of them decided to withdraw their church announcements from Sunday editions and print them on Saturday.  One of the divines said to the writer: '.It is not so much the work that is being done on that day, but it keeps them busy so that they can't attend church services." That is the secret of the whole affair. It is not so much that they entertain love for Sunday, as it is to get men to go to church. But of late I could not see much difference between the Sunday political paper, and the Sunday political sermon. I would go Ł to church and hear political issues discussed pro and eon. Bat it was just this morning that a man who guides an editorial pen, said: "Let the minister make his sermon as interest-ing to men as the Sunday newspaper, and they will not need a law to stop their publi- cation." A minister stated in the presence of the writer that "the Sanday paper was such a temptation to him that if it came to his house he could not help but read it, and therefore was in favor of its suspension." We could not help wondering if He who is able to keep us from falling, and will not suffer us to be tempted above that which we are able to bear, could not give grace enough either to bear the reading of the Sunday newspaper, or else to let it alone. Let a man's heart be full of the love of God, and of that which he believes is right, and no newspaper that he disapproves will have any effect on him whatever. We give below a letter from a leading at- torney at-law, stating how he views religious legislation. We could give more, but this presents about the same thoughts that the rest contain :Š REV. GRANT ADKINS': In my, judgment any connection between Church and State is utterly repugnant to our Constitution. I believe religion is purely a matter of conscience with which the State and the Federal Government has no business to meddle. I am for this reason em-phatically opposed to appropriations of the public money to be used in maintaining sectarian schools and eleemosynary institutions of any character. I am equally opposed to any scheme that tends to discriminate between the beliefs of a Hebrew and a Christian, a Catholic, or a Methodist, a believer or an agnostic. To provide "a Sunday law," is to my mind an indirect assumption by the Government of canonical jurisdiction, because such a law would be a decision upon a matter of religious doctrine upon which Jews and Christians, Baptists and Adventists, have divergent views. A decision upon a matter of doctrine must be rendered in the forum of the con Ł science rather than in the halls of Congress. Yours truly, N. C. MACNULTY. We are glad that all men have not lost the spirit of genuine religious liberty. Knoxville, Tenn. Ł THE Catholic papers, from Boston to San Francisco, are extravagantly exultant over the defeat of Congressman Linton, of Mich-igan, in the late election. Mr. Linton is not the only member of the present Congress who was defeated; so that there is nothing.  serious in that. Although Mr. Linton has done noble work in behalf of sound Consti-tutional principle during the two congres-sional terms that he has had, we have no idea that either he or anybody that favored him ever attached to it a hundredth part of the importance that these extravagant exult-ations show that the Catholics all over the country gave to it. A GENTLEMAN engaged in missionary work in Philadelphia, Pa., would be glad to have all the clean copies of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL that can be sent,-carriage free, to him. Send to Mr, Wm. Quinn, 2525 Turner St., Philadelphia, Pa. 