572 SENTINEL. Creator gave to man, and which no government can give him, are considered to be at the disposal of the govern-ment. This perverted state of thingsŠthis false concep-tion of the purpose and province of civil governmentŠhas come to be the prevailing one all over the world. Thomas Jefferson, who wrote the Declaration of Inde-pendence, said: " Our legislators are not sufficiently ap-prised of the rightful limits of their power, that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us. . . . The idea is quite unfounded that on entering into society we give up any natural right." And when society, or the government, tries to compel us to give up some of our natural rights for the sake of its purposes, it is going contrary to God's order, and our obedience must be to God rather than to it. Civil government is not the greatest thing in the world. It is, as we have seen, only an instrument to serve something else; and that which it is designed to serve must be greater than it. And that greater thing is MAN. Man is the most important thing in the world,Šthe crowning work of God's creation. Man is made in God's own image; to him alone, of all things in the world, is given this overwhelming honor. The civil governments were made by man ; but man himself is the work of the infinite God. Man, it is true, seems but an insignificant thing,Ša being of faults and weaknesses, appearing only for a mo-ment, as it were, amidst earth's myriad forms of life and then passing again into oblivion. And of himself he would be only this. But ah, he is connected with the purposes of God, which reach throughout eternity ! Can this be said of any civil government? No, indeed ; earthly governments are but transcient things; once dead, they have no future. But who can fathom the eternal purpose of Jehovah in the creation of man? To what heights is man, in the unfolding of that purpose, to attain in the eternal ages? And that this life may afford the conditions suitable to man's preparation for the future life, civil government has been instituted here by the ordinance of God. But it derives all its importance from the greater importance of man,Šthe importance of the human individual. God deals with manindividually; his eternal purpose relates to each individually; and in his view, which shows all things truly, no one individual is of more importance than another. He gave his only-begotten Son to save you, reader, as an individual,Šnot pdrtly to save you and partly to save some one else, or many others, but wholly to save you, wholly to save each one by himself, of the human family. And this reveals the estimate which God has put upon the individual,Ša value which far transcends any that can belong to earthly governments. THE proper study for mankind is God. Step Out. WE cannot hope to make this department what it should be without the active cooperation of those for whom it is specially intended. Abraham Lincoln was counted as a learned man, but it was not because he had read many books. The secret lay in the fact that he appropriated, digested and made his own personal knowledge that which he gleaned from the few books he actually perused. So, in this work, if we want to really master the underlying principles of re-ligious liberty, so that we call turn them to account,Šknow how to apply them to specific cases, it is necessary that we make them a part of our being, and to do this one should read, discuss, ask questions, and then put his thoughts on paper. This will teach clearness of idea and exactness of expression. Have an idea and then learn to state it clearly so that everybody will understand what you mean when they read your writings. Some people have a reputation for being deep writers"Šand rather difficult to understand. In the ma-jority of cases this lack of clearness is due to the same cause that makes it impossible to see an inch below the surface of the Missouri riverŠmud ! We speak thus plainly of this matter, for we want our young friends to understand that "writing for the press" is not such a wonderful thing. It's simply having an idea and then expressing it in a clear and entertaining manner. This comes only by practice, and we therefore urge the readers of this department to lose no time in de-veloping their talents along this line, and no subject is more fruitful with ideas and themes than that of religious liberty. Let us hear from you. You will find in the SENTINEL a warm friend of every effort to rise from your present surroundings to something higher. w. E. C. Union College. THE advertisement of this institution of learning has appeared in our columns for some little time, because we know whereof we speak when we say that it is in every way worthy of patronage. It affords facilities and op-portunities that can be found in but few other schools, and those who contemplate taking a course of study should not fail to investigate its merits. The president, in response to an inquiry as to its prospects for the com-ing year, writes: "The outlook for Union College is very promising. Many young people are seeking ways to se-cure the benefits that come through a training such as this institution can give. Not a day passes without re-ceiving letters from young men and women who are mak-ing arrangements to be present with us the coming year" Besides the courses of study already arranged for, a new course for teachers has been prepared and is offered for entrance the coming year. This course supplies a need 