AMER IAN SENTINEL. if ,of its creation, the said contract between the same and the Surgeon-General of the Army and also the said agreement between the same and the Commissioners of 'the District of Columbia are unauthorized by law, and, 'moreover, involve a principle and a precedent for the :anpro,priation of the funds of the United States for -the use and support of religious societies, contrary to the article of the Constitution which declares that Congress shall make no law respecting a religious establishment, and also a precedent for giving to religious societies a legal agency in carrying into effect a public and civil duty which would, if once established, speedily obliter-ate the essential distinction between civil and religious functions. "That the complainant and all other citizens and taxpayers of the United States are injured by reason of the said contract and the said agreement, in virtue whereof the public funds are being used and pledged for the advancement and support of a private and secta-rian corporation, and that they will suffer irreparable damage if the same are allowed to be carried into full effect by means of payments made through or by the said defendant out of the Treasury of the United States, contrary to the Constitution and declared policy of the Government." Ł The defendant demurred to the bill on the ground that the complainant had not in and by his hill shown -any right or title to maintain the same; also upon the further ground that the complainant had not Mated such a case as entitled him to the relief thereby prayed or any relief as against the defendant. Complainant joined issue upon the demurrer, and at a term of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia the demurrer was overruled and the injunction granted .as prayed for. Upon appeal to the Court Of Ap-peals of the District the judgment was reversed, and the case remanded to the Supreme Court, with directions to dismiss the bill. Whereupon the complainant ap-pealed to this court. Mr. Justice Peckham, after stating the facts, deliv-ered the opinion of the Court. Passing the various objections- made to the mainte-nance of this suit on account of an alleged defect of par-ties, and also in regard to the character in which the complainant sues, merely that of a citizen and taxpayer of the United States and a resident of the District of Columbia, we come to the main question as to the valid-ity of the agreement between the Commissioners of the District and the directors of the hospital, founded upon the appropriation contained in the act of Congress, the contention being that the agreement if carried' out would result in an appropriation by Congress of money to a religious society, thereby violating the constitu-tional provision which forbids Congress from passing any law respecting an establishment of religion. (Art. I. of the Amendments to Constitution.) The appropriation is to be found in the general ap-propriation act for the government of the District of Columbia, approved March 3, 1897. (29 Stat. 665,  679.) It reads: "For two isolated buildings, to be con-structed, in the discretion of the Commissioners of the District of Columbia, on the grounds of two hospitals, and to be operated as a part of such hospital, thirty thousand dollars." Acting under the authority of, this appropriation the Commissioners entered into the agreement in question. . . . The act shows that the individuals named therein and their successors in office were incorporated under the name of "The Directors of. Providence Hospital," with power to receive, hold, and convey personal and real property, as provided in its first section. By the second section the corporation was granted "full power and all the rights of opening and keeping a hospital in the city of Washington for the care of such sick and in-valid persons as may place themselves under the treat-ment and care of the said corporation." The third sec-tion gave it full power to make such by-laws, rules, and regulations that might be necessary for the general, ac-complishment of the objects of the hospital, not incon-sistent with the laws in force in the District of Columbia. Nothing is said about religion or about the religious faith of the incorporators of this institution in the act of incorporation. It is simply the ordinary case of the incorporation of a hospital for the purposes for which such an institution is generally conducted. It is claimed that the allegation' in the complainant's bill, that the said "Providence Hospital is a private eleemosynary corporation, and that to the best of complainant/6 knowledge and belief it is composed of members of a monastic order or sisterhood of the Roman Catholic Church, and is conducted under the auspices of said church; that the title to its property is vested in the Sisters of Charity of Emmitsburg, Maryland," renders the agreement void for the reason therein stated, which is that Congress has no power to make "a law respect-ing a religious establishment," a phrase which is not synonymous with that used in the Constitution, which prohibits the passage of a law "respecting an establish-ment of religion." If we were to assume, for the purpose of this ques-tion only, that under this appropriation an agreement with a religious corporation of the tenor of this agree-ment would be invalid, as resulting indirectly in the passage of an act respecting an establishment of relig-ion, we are unable to see that the complainant is his bill shows that the corporation is of the kind described, but on the contrary he has clearly shown that it is not. The above mentioned allegations in the complain-ant's bill do not change the legal character of the cor-poration or render it on that account a religious or sectarian body. Assuming that the hospital is a priv-ate eleemosynary corporation, the fact that its mem-bers, according to the belief of the complainant, are members of a monastic order or sisterhood of the Ro-man Catholic Church, and the further fact that the hospital is conducted under the aupices of said church, 