496 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and miserable friends were they,Šwhom he kept near him,Šhis barber, his doctor, and strangest of all, his hangman. This latter dignitary had his hands full most of the time, as the numerous gibbets about the grounds bore ghastly witness." "I should think he could have had no comfort from any of the three unless from the doctor," said Harry Ray, with a shudder. "He got not a whit of comfort from him, poor fellow, for he made the king believe that he would only survive himŠthe doctorŠthree days. This silly story which the scheming doctor had hired an astrologer to tell the superstitious king, was fully believed by him. So this of course insured a good time to the doctor, who was at all times free from danger of treachery from the king, besides extorting much money from him. "Next week we will learn something of the sad cir-cumstances of the death of Louis XI." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. R• Ł 4 4.  Satan's Lie About the Soul. "MAMA," said Charlie, "we read that when Christ comes with his holy angels, he will raise the righteous dead, that those who are alive and remain will be caught up by the angels to live in heaven, and to reign with him a thousand years. Why is thiS necessary? I always thought that as soon as people die their souls go straight to heaven. Does Jesus bring their souls back at the resurrection to put them again into the body, or how is it?" "I will ask you some questions," said Mrs. Ross. "What did God tell Adam and Eve about eating of the forbidden tree?" "He said, 'In the day thou eatest thereof thou shalt 44urely die,' " said Charlie. "The margin says, 'dying thou shalt die,"' added Mrs. Ross. "Well, but mama, what does it mean, that the body dies? The soul, you know, cannot die." "What does God say about that, Charlie? Please read Eze. 18:4." " 'Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of tbefather, so also the soul of the son is mine; the soul that sinneth, it shall die.' Does the New Testament say that too, mama?" "Yes. Jesus himself warns us to 'fear Him who hath power to destroy both soul and body in hell.' One of our hymns recognizes God's power to destroy as well as create; it says,Š `Before Jehovah's awful throne, Ye nations bow with sacred joy; Know that the Lord is God alone; He can create, and he destroy.' "Let us reason a little, Charlie, so that you may see how this links into the principles we have been studying. What is the result or wages of sin?" "Death," said Charlie. "How did sin originate?" "By doubting that God was Love." "In whom do we have life?"- "In God, in Christ. 'In him was life, and the life wasŁ the light of men,"' quoted Charlie. "How could that life that was in him benefit his crea-tures?" "By partaking of it." "But if the wages of sin is death, mama, and Adam sinned, how is it that the human race has been perpetu-ated generation after generation?" "Through the unmerited mercy of God. When Adam sinned, a plan was devised in heaven to give the human race a chance to return to allegiance to God. The brief span of life granted to every human soul has been pur-chased for him by the cross. 'God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever be-lieveth in him should not, perish, but have everlasting life.' The days that we use so carelessly have been blood-bought, and furnish us with probation-  in which we may make sure our calling and election for eternal life. But how do we partake of eternal life?" He that belie veth on the Son hath everlasting life,' " said Charlie. "It is by faith." "Paul says, 'our life is hid with Christ in God,' and that 'when Christ who is our life shall appear then shall ye also appear with him in glory.' " "Then if faith in God as a God of love secures for us eternal life, what is the result of doubt?" "Death." "That life comes to us by faith has many illustrations in the Word of God. The woman who touched the hem of Christ's garment received life, and Jesus perceived that virtue had gone out of him. He said to her, `Daughter, be of good comfort, thy faith hath saved thee.'" "And yet, mama, Christians die. Does the text we read aboutŠ`the soul that sinneth it shall die,' apply to those who have faith as well as to those who don't?" "The death of the righteous is always pictured as a sleep. You know, Charlie, that when we sleep, we are un-unconscious; we do not note the passing of time. Paul says, 'Those who sleep in Jesus will God bring with him,' and argues that if Christ had not been raised from the dead, then those who sleep in him would be perished. Solomon says, 'The dead know not anything.' David says, 'His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth, in that very day his thoughts perish.' He giveth his beloved sleep." "But how is that having eternal life? It looks to me as if there was an interruption." "You forget that Christ has the life laid up in him. The names of the candidates for that eternal life are writ-ten in the Lamb"s Book of Life, and when he shall ap-pear, then shall we also appear with him in glory." "Then are there none of the human race in heaven to-day? 