74 e11VIERICAN SENTINEL. IT is a fact that the union of church and state under any form of government tends not to beget reverence for God, but rather the opposite. Of course, under such a system, the state is bound to punish all such acts as con-stitute "offenses against God and religion." But to punish an "offense against God" with anything less than death, is only to cast ridicule upon God. God, indeed, forgives the offense freely, and magnifies his name through his mercy and love. He forgives the offender, and the latter escapes the penalty of his transgression; but always the divine forgiveness discloses the awful scene of the Son of God hanging on the cross in the agonies of death, for the very offense which was forgiven. So that both justice and mercy, the attributes of God's character, are magni-fied in his forgiveness'of sin. But as human governments are not conducted upon the principle of forgiving the of-fenses of transgressors, it only remains for them to inflict punishment; and when the state assumes to deal with offenses against God, the only thing it can do is inflict what it deems a fitting punishment for them. AN offense against.God is a sin; and the only fitting punishment kir sin is that which God himself, after the Judgment, will inflict upon all who have not obtained pardon and regeneration through Christ. When a gov-ernment therefore undertakes to punish for an offense against God, by inflicting a penalty of fine or imprison-ment, as is usually done, it only casts contempt' upon God, and rOwers him to the level of the earthly and hu-man. An offense against him comes to be considered as on a par with an offense against an earthly ruler, -or as even a thing of less consequence. It is simply impossible that the result should be otherwise. The Ontario Sunday Bill Withdrawn. EDITOR SENTINEL: The bill introduced in the Ontario Parliament, at the request of the "Lord's Day Alliance," -to amend the "Lord's Day. Act," and make it more strin-gent than at present, has been withdrawn. This was largely brought about by Sunday keepers themselves, who viewed with alarm the prospective workings of the bill, and vigorously protested against it. The law as it now stands leaves the way open for re-ligious persecution, and it was shown that should the amendment pass, very many of the industries of the country would be seriously menaced, if not entirely de-stroyed. It is proposed, however, in the future to take up the matter again in a form that it is hoped will meet with popular approval. Those who favored the bill severely censure the gov-ernment for its action in withdrawing it. As the country is on the eve of an election, the present  government is accused of yielding because of political ex-pediency. Thus it may be seen that Sunday laws abound in in-numerable difficulties, both to those who make them and those on whom they are enforced. How much trouble would be avoided in this world if the matter of the Sabbath and religion in general were left between God and man. M. C. GUILD. To Close Drug Stores on Sunday. New York "World," January 54. THERE will be a meeting of the Executive Committee of St. Michael's Chapter of the Church Association for the Advancement of the Interests of Labor to-morrow night at the Parish House of St. Michael's Church, 225 West Ninety-ninth Street [New York City]. The object is to start a movement to close drug stores on Sundays. So far sixty-five trade, labor, reform, business, and church organizations and fifteen leading clergymen have indorsed the movement. Decline in the Price of Titles. IT will be good news to some Americans, that there is a prospective decline in the price of Cities of royalty. The Italian government, says the New York Sun, intends to submit to parliament a bill which provides "that any one desiring the title of prince shall pay $8,000 therefor. Five thousand dollars will be the sum necessary to ob-tain the title of marquis, while $4,000 will buy the title of count. Any one may become a baron who is willing to pay $1,000 for the honor." This is fax below the price that American heiresses,Šor their papasŠhave been in the habit of paying; and we know no reason too why these titles are not just as good as any. A DISPATCH from Rome says that Cardinal Vannutelli is "in deep disgrace" at the Vatican, on account of having been present at a grand dinner given in honor of the American ambassador to the Quirinal, Mr. Draper. To thus openly seek the good will of the Italian government, is to violate a stringent rule of papal policy; but it seems that the cardinal, who is a prominent candidate for the tiara, thinks the Ł good will of the Italian government worth more to him than the friendship of the Italian cardinals. THE Bellefontaine (Ohio) Republican announces that Washington's birthday will be celebrated in the public schools of that State, according to a program furnished by the "Women's Relief Corps" ladies, which will include the "flag salute." 