The  TWO REPUBLICS. Of Great Irrportance to Every American Citizen. 64 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A New Book. WE have received a copy of a new book, by Alonzo T. Jones, entitled " The Empires of the Bible." The author says that "The effort has not been so much to write a. history, as to compile a history from the best that have been already written. And as the period herein studied is that which is covered by the Bible and the in-scriptions, the history of Babylonia, Egypt, Israel, and Assyria, is taken almost wholly from these sources. "This is not done in a way to tell in other language the story that is related in those documents, nor to tell about that story; but in such a way that the reader may have the history as it is told in the Bible and the inscrip-tions themSelves. "Thus the reader may know that he has before him not only the very words of the best authorities of that period, but of the only authorities, because written by the original actors themselves. "By thus weaving together in one connected story, the history in the Bible and the inscriptions, it is hoped that the study of both the Bible and the history will take on a new interest in the mind of whomsoever shall read this book." The book contains 410 pages, 6x93 inches, and twenty-one full page maps: so that the history is mapped as well as written. We have read the book through, and can heartily recommend it as .of great value. We know of no other book that occupies the field that this one does. And there is no other one book that contains so much of the most ancient history as this volume does. It covers the period from the Flood to the Captivity in Babylon.. Price $1.50. For sale at this office. The lights of the People, or Civil Government and religion. By ALONZO T. JONES. THIS IS ONE OF THE VERY BEST BOOKS THAT HAS EVER BEEN WRITTEN ON THE RELATION OF THE CIVIL GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION. It shows how Christianity advanced in the Roman Empire, not only without the aid of the State, but in the face of the bitterest opposition from the State; it discusses what the Christian should render to God, and what to the State, and how the powers that be are ordained of God. The book then takes up the history and principles of the movement so active now in the United States, looking toward having the Church try to regulate and cleanse politics, and shows what will be the certain results of following the policy advocated by some of these church men. No matter what your views upon this question, you cannot afford to miss reading this book. Cloth, 378 pp., . $1.00. Paper Covers, 40  PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. :Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. By ALONZO T. JONES. A COMPARATIVE HISTORY OF THE TWO GREATEST REPUBLICS, Rome AND THE United States The study of years and elaboration of many volumes, are presented in a concise and pleasing manner. In reviewing the history of the Roman Re-public, the rocks upon which she stranded have been clearly pointed out. It contrasts the principles underlying enforced religions observances, with the true principles of RELIGIOUS FREEDOM FOR EVERY PLAN, which are guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States. The "Two Republics'.  comprises 896 octavo pages, and is printed from clear, new electrotypes, on fine, tinted paper, beautifully and substantially bound, and is illustrated with 67 full-page engravings. The work is furnished in the following styles of binding:Š Thin paper edition, plain edges . $1.85 Cloth;  marbled edges, - - 2.50 " Gilt edges, - 3.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. Political Speeches and Debates ŠOF-- ABRAHAM LINCOLN and STEPHEN A. DOUGLAS, Containing all the important speeches of "The Giants" from 1854 to 1861, giving a fair and FULL HISTORY OF THE SLAVERY QUESTION, and the great constitutional questions involved therein, from the beginning of the nation to the outbieak of the Civil War. An attack was then being made upon the Declaration of Independence and the National Constitution. To-day another attack is being made upon these same charters of our lib-erties. The history made just previous to the Civil War forms a most vital part of, the national annals, and should, in itself, warrant the study of those times. But in view of the present attack upon the Constitution, this subject becomes one of the greatest importance to every thinking  in-dividual. The work contains 555 pages, printed from new, clear type, with numerous full-page half-tone illustrations, including portraits of Lincoln and Douglas. Bound in Buckram, price, $1.75. gilt edges, price, 2.25. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal., Interesting Facts Is the name of a neat little book of 96 pages, 43 x 5 inches bound in heavy paper, brim full of " interesting facts," questions and answers on different subjects, religious and political; "A Father's Talk to a Careless Daughter," " How to Bring Up a Son," " How to Bring Down a Son," etc., etc. The last 21 pages,are an album containing the portraits of 21 different sovereigns of Europe, and is worth alone the price of the book. Regular price, 25 cents; we will send it post-paid for 13 cents, two for 25 cents, stamps taken, Address, PACIFIC PRESS Pun. Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. 