98 AMERICAN SE1%.TTINEL. his works. But it was to destroy the devil and his works that Jesus Christ came to earth as the Saviour of men. 1 John 3:8. The works of the devil must be destroyed before Christ can accept the kingdoms of this earth. But so long as the devil lives, and wicked men exist upon the earth, the the devil's works will continue. For he is the spirit that "worketh in the children of disobedience." And there are only two possible ways in which the world can be freed of sinners. They can be destroyed, and they can be converted. If they refuse to be converted, then there remains but the one way of destruction. And there is but one possible way in which sinners can be converted, and that is through faith, as revealed in the gospel. It is therefore perfectly plain that no more chimerical project can be conceived than that of legislating the king-doms of this earth, or any one of them, into the hands of Christ. He cannot accept them while the earth remains in its present state. And it rests entirely with the Lord to remove sinners out of the earth, so that the works of the devil will be de-stroyed. His power alone can convert sinners, and to destroy sinners is his prerogative alone. Now, in his love and forbearance, he is appealing to men by his Spirit to become converted and thus fitted for his eternal kingdom. But his Spirit will not always strive with man; and when its work is done,Šwhen man's probation shall have ended and the time of the appointed Judgment shall have come, then God will arise clad in the "garments of vengeance," to do "his strange act," of purging the earth of wickedness by the bolts of his wrath. Then will be fulfilled the Apocalyptic prophecy (Rev. 11:15-18): "And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ; and he shall reign forever and ever. . . . And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou . . . shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth." Also that prophecy of the Psalms, in which God says to his Son, "Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2:8, 9. Yet notwithstanding the utterly chimerical nature of the project to legislate the kingdoms of earth into Christ's hands, as made plain by the facts here considered, there are millions of people enrolled in religious societies in this land who are to-day calling upon Congress and the state legislatures for laws which will "regenerate society," make this a "Christian nation," and "enthrone Christ on 'Capitol Hill." Never by the remotest possibility can the movement aucceed. It can never do any good; but it canŠand will Šdo incalculable harm. To Legislators. WE would call the attention of legislators every where to the fact that there are many people in this country who would like to be good, if the legislators would only give them a chance. They would like to be good, but the laws of the coun-try are not so framed as to make it an easy thing to be good. Hence they go on in sin. They are waiting for legislation to be enacted which will make it easy to be good, and difficult to be bad. For example, there are many people who would like to close their shops on Sunday; but if they should do so, without a Sunday law, some other persons would keep their shops open; and how can one person keep his shop closed on Sunday when another personŠa rival in busi-ness, perhapsŠis keeping his shop open and taking in money? How can it be expected that an individual can afford to sacrifice moneyŠactual cashŠfor mere religious prin-ciple ? Some legislation must be had so that a person can be true to the dictates of conscience without making any sacrifice of a cash value. As things are now there is a broad way which leads down to ruin, and multitudes are traveling in it; while only a narrow way leads to life, and this is traveled by the few. There must be legislation which will hedge up this broad way, so that it will be narrow and difficult, and at the same time enlarge and smooth down the nar-row road to life, so that it will be the easy road, instead of the other. What do you think, legislators, of the task marked out for you? Do you think that it is really difficult to be good in this world without the help of state legislation, or that,  such legislation can make people any better than they are? The Bible says that it is impossible for any person to be good, under any circumstances, without a change of mind from the carnal to the spiritual. It says too that it is just as easy for a person to be good after his heart has been renewed by divine grace, under any circumstances, as it was for him to be bad be-fore that work of grace had been done. The testimony is that "where sin abounded, grace did much more abound." Rom. 5:20. Where sin abounded in the heart, before conversion, making the individual do that which is contrary to righteousness, now, after conversion, grace does "much more abound." Certainly then it can be no less easy under the latter state to do right, than before it was to do wrong. This is the testimony of Scripture; the Scriptural plan of doing right makes no account whatever of any aid from the arm of flesh. It is always easy for God to do right; he cannot in-deed do otherwise. And "Christ in you"Christ, who is, 