THE AXI ENICAN SENTINEL. 259 that they dare not discuss, much less de-denounce, the encroachment of church power upon the Constitution of our Gov-ernment. Do the American people endorse the speech of Senator Dawes ? Is his position upon this question the position of the American people ? Do the American peo-ple adopt his views, that the dismission of the-constitutional question of the absolute divorcement of Church and State in every form, is unprofitable and unfortunate, and of no good to anybody ? Do the American people endorse his view that it is impossible to break the hold which the church power has already secured upon the national Government ?: And yet one more queStion: Are the American people ready to admit, and sit quietly down with the:  admission, that the church power in the United States has already so far en-croached 'upon the national Government, as to have absolutely strangled free dis-cusSion of one of the greatest principles of. the Constitution, and thus virtually to have strangled all successful efforts at resistance. A. T. J. The National Reform Idea of Govern- ment. THE National Reform theory of govern-ment is, that, instead of deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, governments derive their powers directly from God. " The powers that be are or-dained of. God," is a text often quoted by them. What they understand by it is sho'Wn by the following paragraph from an article. by Rev. R. C: Wylie, in the Christian Statesman, of June 12. To the State belongs the power to define Ł . marriage, , to declare who may and who may not marry, and for what cause divorce may be granted. It is strange, indeed, that one who is jealous for the honor of God and for the authority of his law, should take such a positiofi as this, for it is utterly subversive of all moral government. If God has given to civil government the authority here indicated by Mr. Wylie, it at once becomes the duty of all, to accept the authority of government . as final upon t6se questions, and to govern their acts 1E4 accordingly. It is no longer necesssary thdt any one should ask, what does the wg0. of God say upon the subject of darce ? but what does the government say? and having complied with the re-quirements of the civil authorities, he would be free from the claims of all law, both human and divine; for having dele-gated certain authority to government, GOd could not, and would not hold sub-jects responsible for the abuse of that power by those whom he had appointed to rule over them. The truth is that, while the State does properly regulate marriage and say for what cause divorce may be granted, and while  it is the duty of the Christian to comply with whatever marriage laws the State makes, in the matter of divorce the Chris-tian must be governed only by the law of Christ. That is, the law of the State per-mits divorce for many causes, but the law of God permits divorce for only one cause; and the Christian must not take advantage of the law of the State in this respect, but must obey implicitly the law of God as laid down by Christ. If the Christian has Scriptural ground for divorce, he may seek it through the proper legal channels provided by the State; if he has not Scriptural ground he must not seek a divorce at all, even though he may have abundant civil statutory grounds. This shows that the State has nothing whatever to do with interpreting and ad-ministering the law of God. Every man must answer for himself to God; which would not be the case if the State was permitted to come between the individual and God. In that case men would be responsible to the State, and the State to God; there would be in that case no direct accountability to God; the citizen would inquire, what does the State say ? and knowing and doing the will of the State, the individual would be free. But such is not the plan of God. He has or-dained civil government to regulate the civil affairs of men, and in civil matters men are responsible to the State; but in morals, men are answerable alone to God. He is the only moral governor, and his law is the only moral law. C. P. B. " Unfamiliar Reasons for the ReSt Day." IN recent numbers of the Christian Statesman, Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts has published a series of articles, in which he has exercised his skill in inventing nu-merous reasons for Sunday laws. One of these " unfamiliar reasons " he gives un-der the sub-heading, " The Weekly In-dependence Day," and concludes thus :Š Laws setting apart a weekly " Independence Day " are no more inconsistent with liberty, and much more essential to it, than the law of an an-nual Independence Day. What analogy is there in the case ? The law of the annual Independence Day gives every one the liberty to observe it in whatever civil manner he chooses, or if he choose, not observe it at all. Is that the sort of law he wants for a weekly independence day ? Not at all. He wants all to be compelled to observe it, and that in a prescribed way. Such a law as he wants would subvert the very prin-ciple of our national independence, as expressed in the immortal Declaration. This declares that all have an inalienable right to " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." But a Sunday law, such as National Reformers seek, would de-prive many of the liberty of pursuing their own happiness, even in the most  quiet, peaceable, and harmless way, one day in every seven, while it would rob those, who are compelled by conscience to keep another day of the week as a sa-cred day, of one-sixth of their time in which to labor for an honest living. We conclude that Mr. Crafts's " reason for the rest day " is not only " unfamiliar," but illogical, unjust, and subversive of human rights, as set forth in that matchless document, the Declaration of Independ- ence. R. F. COTTRELL. Boxing the Compass. THE question of religion in the army, is yet undisposed of by Congress, and may fail of settlement because of its in-tricacy. The following is from an edito-rial in The Churchman:Š Nowhere do the evils of a divided Christendom appear more glaringly, not even in heathendom, than in the army, where one gospel is so much needed and would be so affective. It is urged by some, that Congress has no constitutional power to provide chaplains, and that the existence of such officers is in direct contravention of that article of the Constitution which forbids any pro-vision for an establishment of religion. But if the practice, under an instrument from the date of its origin, be any clue to its true meaning, this objec-tion fails. There have been chaplains both in the army and navy, and in both branches of Congress itself, since the present Constitution was adopted, and' before ;Šsince the Declaration of Independence. 31Oreover, if the Supreme Court should rule this objection valid, the public conscience would at once demand an alternative to the present system, for nothing is more certain than that this Nation is Christian. The question of religion in the army cannot be evaded, however it be postponed. It is related of a former adjutant-general, well known to churchmen, that having constructed the chapel of the Soldiers' Home at Washington, on good ec-clesiological principles, he proceeded to furnish it with a Protestant Episcopal altar and the chancel furniture; and that, objection having been made that three-fourths of the old soldiers were Roman Catholics, he built another altar, at the opposite end of the chapel, and fitted the seats with railroad backs. The story is so good and illustrative of this writing, that the general must pardon this use of it, though it should be an " invention." But if all the " divisions of Christendom " had demanded equal rights, the general would have been driven to call in the admiral to box the compass for the orientation of his transepts. This is practically the problem now before Congress. That it is "before Congress " will appear from the fact that the Gen-eral Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, meeting in Omaha, took formal action to promote the cause of religion in the army, and appointed a committee of distinguished men, to petition Congress and to invite the co-operation of other religious bodies to the same end. Several of these have cordially re-sponded by action of their highest councils, the General Convention being one of them; besides the independent action of several diocesan conventions. Three or four bills to this effect lie on the table of the present Congress, the main purpose of all being a demand for " a chaplain in every post." There are now thirty chaplains to a hundred posts. What is the problem, according to the above extract, which is now practically before Congress ? It is to so skillfully box the religious compass of naval and military religion, that its points of doc-trinal direction shall correspond to those of all the " divisions of Christendom," 