THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ 83 but give your time, money, prayer, and service to carrying to the homes of the toiling masses the be-neficent gospel, and you will elevate and reform, as nothing else can or will, those whom you now regard as the enemies of the Sabbath. I am op-posed to the social ostracism that too often accom-panies movements of certain kinds of reform. Bitterness never wins any man, never secures reform. The saloon keeper is not a criminal, nor the liquor business a crime. Tens of thousands of the best people of our land, men of wealth and character, many of them belonging to our churches, use liquor, and do not regard its purchase or use a crime or a sin. The co-operation of these men is essential to the enforcement of law. "Tens of thousands of the working people in our large cities live in homes of one and two rooms. Whole families cook, eat, wash, sleep in such rooms. They toil from early morning till late in the even-ing. What are you to do with them? They are citizens; they are elements of the problem. Unless you can reach, educate, reform those masses, how are you to secure in our large cities a more orderly Sunday? Are we in a position to sit in judgment on them? How do we, observe the day? How many of us do the very things on Sabbath we are here condemning in others? What about the use of liquors in the houses of many church people, traveling on railroads 'on Sunday, etc. Let us learn that this is an intensely practical question, presenting questions for our consideration difficult to solve, and which no legislation can solve. The roots of the evils are deeper; they need the gospel of Christ as the power to give us what we desire. Abandon agitation and service for the unattainable and consecrate your time, money, prayers, and service to carrying to those for whom Christ died, his gospel of love and his ministry of service. Thus only may we successfully socure to our cities and its needy masses the blessings of a well-ordered Sabbath, the foretaste of the eternal Sab-bath." In the next meeting after this speech was made a motion was made "that this convention is not in accord with Mr. McDougall's speech, and utterly repudiates it." The motion was carried unani-mously and without debate. But this was not the end of the story; a self-appointed "committee of five hundred " in Cincinnati had already made arrangements for a meeting to be held in that city, Saturday night, February.  23, and had in-vited Mr. McDougall to speak there. But after they learned in Cincinnati what Mr. McDougall had said in Columbus, the managers of the Cin-cinnati meeting waited upon him and asked him if the speech that he made at Columbus embodied the sentiments he expected to express in Cincin-nati. And when he answered that it did, that those were his views and the ones that he pro-posed to advocate, he was requested not to come to the meeting, " as discord might be created by it." Mr. McDougall replied that he was not in the habit of going where he was not wanted; and consequently, he who Lad been advertised as "the speaker of the evening " was conspicuous by his absence, at the request of the managers of the Sunday-law meeting, because the speech that he would have made insisted upon the power of the gospel of Jesus Christ as the only effective means of securing religious observances, and because be told the political preachers that this was the best thing that they can engage in to make their work successful. Let it be understood, therefore. in all future references, that the Ohio Sabbath Associa-tion "utterly repudiates" the use of the gospel of Jesus es a peens of securing the proper observ-ance of the Sabbath. If the convention had re-pudiated the sentence in Mr. McDougall's speech, which spoke of the liquor business not being a crime and the saloon keeper not being a criminal,  no objection could be made, although it is true in Ohio. But this they did not do. They " utterly repudiated " the whole speech. In fact, this is the proper thing to do if they are going to keep on in the line in which they have started, because if they can make people righteous by legislation they do not need the gos-pel. And, on the other hand, the Saviour is not a politician, and does not intend that his work shall be done in a political way. More than this, the leading Sunday-law workers confess that there is no commandment of Christ for keeping Sunday; and, therefore, it is an appropriate thing for those Sunday-law workers of Ohio to repudi-ate any effort to secure Sunday keeping by set-ting forth the word of Christ. Yet we cannot help wondering whether it would not have been a good deal better for this convention to adopt Mr. McDougall's suggestion, and repudiate their political action and their political scheming, rather than the preaching of the gospel and the means which Christ has employed for making men re-ligious. But whatever they should have done, the fact is that the thing they did do was to de-clare by unanimous vote that that convention " utterly repudiates" Mr. McDougall's speech; and "the committee of five hundred" of Cincin-nati indorsed the action by repudiating both Mr. McDougall and his speech. The gospel of Christ does not consort well with political scheming; and suggestions to preach the gospel and to work by gospel methods and means are not palatable to political preachers. A. T. J. Questions on the Blair Bills. EDITOR SENTINEL, : I understand that you take the position that Senator Blair's Educational bill is in reality a bill for the "establishment of a national religion." But I understand that the claim has been made, and on good authority, that the bill was intro-duced for the primary purpose of preventing a condition of things threatened by the recent at-tempt of the Catholics to gain control of the public schools of Boston and vicinity. Do you not think that the lack of educational facilities in some States of the South had also much to do with the proposed legislation on that question ? Do not the prohibitions relative to institutions, corporations, or persons giving instruction or train-ing "in the doctrines, tenents, belief, ceremonials, or observances peculiar to any sect, denomination, organization, or society, being or claiming to be religious in its character," prevent the possibility of the bill under consideration ever favoring the Catholic Church in teaching their peculiar doc-trines in the public schools ? With such provisions incorporated into the United States Constitution, could not our general Government prevent under all circumstances the promulgation of Catholic views in communities where the Catholics were in the majority, as in California ? Do you not think that section 1 of the Educa-tional bill will aid in carrying out the spirit of the first amendment to the United States Con-stitution? Would not your objection to the bill be re-moved if the expression, "the principles of the Christian religion," in section 2, were omitted ? In your quotation from the Blair Sunday-Rest bill, in the article, "Provisions of the Sunday-Rest Bill," in the SENTINEL of February 20, do you not make two omissions of a very important part of the bill, viz., "to the disturbance of others"? Are not your arguments on the "absolute " require-ments of the law for the Territories, based on such omissions ? When you represent the bill as "obliging everybody to rest on Sunday" in the  Territories, do you not convey an incorrect idea of its requirements? I notice the bill is given in full in the report of the hearing of the Sunday-Rest bill. A large number of the reports have been printed by order of the Senate, and the readers of the SENTINEL in the several States can be supplied by addressing their respective senators. A full account of all that was said and done on the occasion of the hearing is given. The report is official and worthy of consideration by all candid investigators. Yours truly, L. T. NICOLA. To these questions we reply as follows: We have taught that the Blair Educational Amend-ment should properly be entitled, "An amend-ment providing for the establishment of a national religion," and we teach so still. The correctness of this teaching has been demonstrated by plain arguments. We should be pleased to have our friend cite the "good authority" for the claim that the amendment is for the purpose of preventing the Catholics from getting control of the schools. But that is immaterial. It is of very little im-portance why the amendment was proposed; all that concerns us is the effect that it would have if it should ever become a part of the Constitution, and that we can ascertain from the wording of it, regardless of any claim that may be made for it. It has been demonstrated that the practical effect of the amendment would be to give the Roman Catholics virtual control of the public schools in many States, and, in fact, in the whole country. Thus :Š The second section provides that none of the doctrines, tenets, observances, etc., peculiar to any sect shall ever be taught in the public schools. But at the same time it stipulates that the princi-ples of the Christian religion shall be taught. Now there are some things that one denomination re-gards as vital principles of the Christian religion, that other sects ignore; the teaching of these the proposed amendment prohibits. It is obvious, therefore, that only those principles are contem-plated which are common to all; and what these are can be determined only by a general church congress. But in such a congress the Roman Catholics, being stronger than any other sect, would hold the balance of power, and with their long experience in political wire pulling would have but little difficulty in running the conven-tion to suit themselves. But even after such a convention each State would attend to its own educational affairs, and in those States where the Roman Catholics are in a majority, they would teach their religion. But our friend misapprehends the position of the AMERICAN SENTINEL if he thinks that our opposition to the proposed amendment is solely on the ground that it may throw the schools into the hands of the Roman Catholics. We are ut-terly opposed to the Government's teaching relig-ion of any kind whatever, or to any degree. If the Catholics were barred out entirely, and no principles were to be taught except those which are held in common by the Protestant sects, we should be as much opposed to it as we are now, or as we would be if it proposed to give the Cath-olics sole control. We go farther, and say that we should oppose the amendment even if it pro- vided that each State should see that its schools taught only the religious principles we hold to be vital. Our conception of the gospel is something entirely different from what that would be. We cannot imagine that the Saviour, who would not remain in a country when its inhabitants re. 