QUAKERS BANISHED FROW'MASSACHUSETTS. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE. NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 36. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 12, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND &rum, NEw YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMA.N, EDITORS. LEON A. SMITH, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. HISTORY REPEATING ITSELF. HISTORY is repeating itself to-day in the persecution of Seventh-day Adventists. It is denied by some that the Adventists are persecuted. But per-secution has never been called by that name by those who engaged in itŠit has always been " ONLY ENFORCING THE LAW." Nor has there, as a general thing, been any attempt to justify persecution avowedly in the interests of religion. In every age and in every coun-try religious intoler-ance has been de-fended, to a greater or less extent, on the ground of public policy. Dissenters .have ever been accused as enemies of the State, subverters of social order, disturbers of the public peace, and violators of the civil law, just as Seventh-day Adventists are to-day stigmatized as anarchists and in-dicted for acts "against the peace and dignity of the State." Ahab's wicked accusation, contained in the question to Elijah, " Art thou he that troub-leth Israel?" I has been repeated in various forms in every country and in every age, from 1 Khigs 18 : 17. that time until the present. It was not as a religious dissenter, that Elijah was persecuted, but as a disturber of the peace of the kingdom. When Daniel was accused to the king, be-cause he prayed three time a day with his windows open toward Jerusalem, contrary to the royal decree, the accusation was couched in these words: " Daniel, who is of the chil-dren of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, 0 king, nor the decree that thou hast signed." 2  And the argument which prevailed with the king, was: "Know, 0 king, that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king estab- lisheth, may be changed." Daniel's disobe- dience was held to be utterly subversive of civil order, and so worthy of death. The Son of God was also accused as " one that perverteth the people; " 4  and the pre-vailing argument with Pilate for his condem-nation was, " If thou let this man go, thou 2  Dan. 6:13. 3  Dan. 6: 15. 4  Luke 23: 14. art not Cresar's friend : whosoever maketh himself a king, speaketh against Cmsar." Religious bigotry simply invoked against Christ the penalties of the civil law. He-  suf-fered, not as an enemy of religion, but as an enemy of the State. The accusation written over him as he hung upon the cross, was, " The King of the Jews." As with their Master, so with the disciples; they also were accused as disturbers of the public peace, as subverters of civil order. At Thessalonica the cry was, " These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also ; whom Jason bath received: and these all do contrary to the decrees of Cmsar." ' And at Ephesus the silversmiths raised a tumult because their craft was endangered (Acts 19 : 27) by the preaching of the apos-tles. Nor was the danger imaginary; so close was the relation between the prevailing faith and the social and commercial cus-toms of the country, that it was easy to find what appeared to them to be a substantial secular basis for the legal prohibition of the preaching of Christ. " There is no new thing under the sun;"' and so we find Cardinal Gibbons endeavoring to discover civil reasons for the Inquisition. He says: " The Span-ish Inquisition was erected by King Ferd-inand, less from mo-tives of religious zeal, than from human pol-icy. It was established, not so much with the view of preserving the Catholic faith, as of per-petuating the integrity of the kingdom. . . . It was, therefore, rather a royal and political, than an ecclesiastical institution." John 19: 12. John 19: 19. 7  Acts 17: 7. Eccl. 1: 9. " Faith of Our Fathers," pp. 292, 203. In scores of cases it has been heartlessly said of Adventists, " If they do not want to conform to our customs, let them leave the country; " and efforts have been made to compel them to leave. But where and how shall they go ? Many of these people, were they to go at all, would go, as did the Quakers, stripped of all earthly possessions. Injustice and oppression are robbing them of their goods, and when finally they are driven out, they will go penniless. 