168 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 21. NEW YORK, MAY 26, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is stated that the Mayor of Toledo, Ohio, has declared in favor of Sunday baseball, and. every preacher in the city has denounced him for it. _o_ No trains are permitted to run on Sun-day in Connecticut between nine o'clock A. M. and three o'clock P. M. There can be but one object in such a law. _o_ FIVE carpenters were arrested a few days since in Woodhaven, L. I., for work-ing on Sunday, and were fined five dollars each by Justice Scheper, of Newtown. Š0Š THE House Committee on the District of Columbia has decided to report favor-ably the bill prohibiting the sale of ice in the District during certain hours on Sun-day. Š0Š THE five Seventh-day Adventists in-dicted at Springville, Tenn., for main-taining a nuisance by Sunday work, were arrested May 17. Their trial is set for to-day, May 26. Š0Š THOUSANDS of people now visit the World's Fair grounds in Chicago every Sunday. The Tribune of that city states that on the 8th inst. " the visitors at Jackson Park numbered over eight thou-sand." It is also stated that "the churches had their usual attendance." ŠoŠ THE Methodist Conference, at Omaha, is reported as having indorsed the idea of the formation of a National Sabbath Union. Whether it is to take the place of the American Sabbath Union, or is to be a higher degree of that organization, or is merely for the purpose of obtain-ing another organized body to vote often, early, and late, is not stated. Š0-- Two hundred and twenty delegates to the international convention of the Ma-chinists' Association, of North America, adopted at their meeting, in Chicago, May n, a resolution asking that the Fair be kept open on Sunday. These machin-ists were from labor organizations in Canada, the United States, and Mexico. Their action is a denial of the interest manifested in their welfare by the Sunday closing people. A GOOD many petitions are now being received by the World's Columbian Exposi-tion Commission asking that the great Fair be open on Sunday. A Chicago paper of May 14, gives the number of individual signatures to these petitions as 12,000, This does not include the names secured by the Seventh-day Adventists who have thus far only asked Congress not to legis-late upon the question in any way. .The signatures to their petitions would prob-ably foot up a good deal more than twelve thousand. AT a recent meeting in Nashville, Tenn., called for the purpose of taking some action upon the question of closing the World's Fair on Sunday, two gentle-men present had the temerity to vote against the resolutions demanding Sunday closing. As might have been expected they were promptly insulted by the chair-man, who prefixes " Rev." to his name. The negative side of the question upon the adoption of Sunday-closing resolutions is put only as a formality. _0._ AGENT MCCLURE, of the Pittsburg Law and Order League, was indicted some weeks ago for perjury. His trial ended on the 12th inst. with this verdict :Š We, the jury, find the defendant, Robert McClure, not guilty of perjury in either count of the indict-ment, but affix the costs of the case upon him. This verdict is in effect the same as the Scottish verdict, "Not proven," sometimes rendered in Scotland when the defendant is believed to be guilty but the evidence is technically insufficient for a conviction. Š0-- COMMENTiNG upon the McClure verdict, the Pittsburg Dispatch of May 13, said :Š The verdict of Not guilty, but must pay the costs, brought in by the jury at the end of the McClure trial establishes a punishment of its own. While the agent of the Law and Order Society escapes the sterner penalties which would have followed a verdict of " Guilty as indicted," the finding of the jury, nevertheless, remains one to which neither he nor his employers can at any time look back with satisfaction. The truth is that the contemptible methods and spirit shown in the petty suits against the hewsdealers do not rise above the level of barratry, and command neither the ap-proval nor sympathy of the public. The following day the same paper said : The fact is recalled by the sentence in the McClure perjury case, that in past years a similar verdict saddled the costs on the present agent of the Law and Order Society, as a result of his own litigation, and that he refused to pay the penalty put upon him by the verdict. Judge White, however, refused the application for relief from the payment of costs, calling attention to the fact that a man who drew a regular income from prosecutions must take the chances of getting saddled with such cost occasion-ally. As the same individual was ultimately sent to jail for persisting in his refusal, it may be pre-sumed that he will act with more discretion in the matter of costs this time. What is to be done with the costs, however, is a matter of little moment beside the prominence of the fact that the alleged maintenance of morality is in the hands of a man who makes a profession of criminal prosecution, and draws an income from  the informations which he makes, whether they are well-founded or not. WeŁ do not think that professional prosecution for revenue reflects any credit on the maintenance of law and order. While the latter-day Scotch verdict of finding a man not guilty but putting the costs on him may' be abstractly criticized, it brings out some facts which the alleged Law and Order organizations will do well to ponder. It is apparent that public opinion is not so overwhelmingly in favor of the work of the so-called Law and Order League as its friends would have us suppose. Š0Š THE statement made by the Washing-ton Post, of May 18, that " on the subject of having the World's Columbian Expo-sition closed on Sunday, and the sale of intoxicating drinks on the grounds pro-hibited," "the church associations and the temperance societies on the one side, and the Seventh-day Baptists and liberals on the other, have been striving with each other as to which will pour a larger vol-ume of petitions into the baskets of the Quadro-Centennial Committee for and against these propositions," is, so far as the sale of intoxicants is concerned, as false as it could well be. The petitions of the Seventh-day people, whether Bap-tists or Adventists, simply ask Congress not to interfere in any way in the matter of Sunday closing. They do not even ask' that the Fair shall be kept open on that day, but only- that Congress shall not assume the guardianship of a, religious institution and establish a dangerous prec-edent and enter upon a course of religious legislation. Š0Š IN its issue of May 12, the Congrega-tionalist advocates what it calls " a cau-tious policy " in regard to Sunday laws. " But a cautious policy," it observes, " does not mean a policy of inaction." The Congregationalist continues :Š The movement for Sabbath reform, like that for temperance reform, has suffered from impatient and ill-considered efforts to realize at once what, as all history shows, must be the fruit of years and perhaps decades of earnest, ceaseless labor. The suggestion is significant in view of the herculean efforts being put forth to get Congress to commit the Nation in some way in favor of Sunday. COLD, backward weather so delayed corn-planting in South Dakota that many of the farmers in the vicinity of Yank-ton took advantage of the fine weather on May 15, and worked all day notwithstand-ing it was Sunday. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90e. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 41 pond Street, New York City. 