AMERICAN SENTINEL. 665 Don't Cut God Out of the Constitution.* BY FANNIE BOLTON. WHAT would you do with the Constitution? That you're here with your knives and scissors, Cutting out this and that good conclusion, And littering the floor with slivers. What's this you've cut? "equalrights?" of allthings! Congress makes no religion! "Inalienable rights," that you say are small things; But you're letting in devils legion. "Making room for God in the Constitution?" Say, stop it! you're off the track. Don't dare to make such a substitution, The god you'll get in is black. For where "equal rights" are found for man, And "inalienable rights" protected, The eyes of those who have power to scan, See the God that you've ne'er detected. God is found in the Constitution With love and equality, Keeping the State from a mad intrusion On conscience and liberty. To cull these out of the Constitution, 0 never have we a doubt, But behind it all is a resolution To cut our adored God out. To cut out "inalienable rights" indeed, "Equality with the law," To leave the State to enforce a creed, And to make men bow with awe, To say all men are not free and equal, That God may be in. 0 shame! Can we not read in the past the sequel Of God and his creature's blame? God is always in love and freedom, God is always in right. Take down the tomes of the past, and read them, And learn what is dark and light. You've put bitter for sweet, and sweet for bitter, Of righteousness made a sin. I see from the things you've cut out in your litter That you're letting the devil in. Union of Church and State Condemned by His- tory.ŠNo. 2. By B. W. Noel, M. A. WHEN the churches began to be corrupted by the in-creasing wealth of their ministers, this pagan union of the state with the priesthood was extended to them; and emperors with the Christian name sought the aid of a corrupt Christian priesthood, as heathen emperors had sought the aid of augurs and of heathen priests. Con-stantine, who first openly protected the Christian churches, can scarcely be supposed to have done so from religious feeling. The progress of Christianity had been " Suggested by the Cartoon in our issue of October 13. very considerable. If, before this reign, the Christians did not amount to more than one-twentieth part of the population, as asserted by Gibbon, still this number of avowed Christians, at a time when the profession of faith in Christ exposed them to martyrdom, indicates that a larger number were secretly convinced of its truth. Licinius, the rival of Constantine, could not, by his hea-then zeal, raise any popular enthusiasm in his support; and if we had no other proof of the numerical extension of professed believers, we may infer it with certainty from the recorded habits of the clergy. "During the third cen-tury," says Mosheim, "the bishops assumed in many places a princely authority; they appropriated to their evangelical function the splendid ensigns of imperial ma-jesty. A throne surrounded with ministers exalted above his equals the servant of the meek and humble Jesus; and sumptuous garments dazzled the eyes and the minds of the multitude into an ignorant veneration for their arro-gated authority. The example of the bishops was am-bitiously imitated by the presbyters, who, neglecting the sacred duties of their staaon, advanced themselves to the indolence and delicacy of an effeminate and luxurious life. The deacons, beholding the presbyters deserting thus their functions, boldly usurped their rights; and the effects of a corrupt ambition were spread through every rank of the sacred order." The splendor and ambition of the clergy manifest clearly that the Christians were become a powerful body, whom Constantine would desire to attach to his cause, and their number renders it very probable that policy was the earliest ground of his Christian profession. "His conduct to the Christians was strictly in accordance with his interests; and it is very probable that the protection with which he distinguished them may, in the first in-stance, have originated in his policy."Š Waddington. But if it began in policy, political considerations would still more powerfully urge him to continue it. He had learned, no doubt, from the disturbances continually excited by Licinius, that neither himself nor the empire could enjoy a fixed state of tranquility as long as the ancient superstitions subsisted; and, therefore, from this period, he openly opposed the sacred rites of paganism as a religion detrimental to the interests of the state. On the other hand, it is too plain that he was an irreligious man. It was in the year 313 that he pub-lished the edict of Milan, by which he proclaimed univer-sal toleration, and secured to the Christians their civil and religious rights. But, in the year 325, he ordered his rival, Licinius, to be strangled; and the same year in which he convened the Council of Nice was polluted by the execution, or rather murder, of his eldest son. "It is not disputed that his career was marked by the usual excesses of intemperate and worldly ambition; and the general propriety of his moral conduct cannot with any justice:be maintained."Š Waddington. After his conver-sion to Christianity he still continued, as supreme pon-tiff, to be the head of the religion of heathen Rome, and 