726 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian, and Constitutional. iteirAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) Predictions vs. History. TERRIBLE things will happen, say the advocates of "Christian citizenship," if Christians keep aloof from pol-itics. To this the answer is that terrible things have happenedŠthe worst that ever darkened human history Šbecause "Christians" went into politics. For it was a religio political union between Christian-ity (as represented by the church of Constantine's day) and the state, in the person of the emperor, that set in motion the hideous machinery of religious persecution,Šthat ushered in the long and terrible period of massacre and torture worse than death, done in the name of reli-gion; that spread a. pall of blackness over all that was bright in human life, turned loose the worst passions of human depravity, and deluged the earth with human blood, regardless of age or sex. All this actually took place upon the earth, and continued for centuries, be-cause "Christians" did not keep aloof from politics; be-cause, in other words, they entered into the business of conducting the affairs of the state. Constantine and the church both felt themselves in need of power. So Constantine gave his power as em-peror to the church, in return for the power exercised by the church upon men through religion. A partnership was formed for the control of the affairs both of church and state,Ša partnership in which ere long the church became the directing and controlling head. This was the church in politics; but the church could never have gone into politics if its members, as individuals, had refused to do so. And all this was done by the churchŠby "Christians" Šfrom a very pious motive. It was done in order that society might be reformed and elevated,Šand more than this. It was done to usher in the kingdom of God. It was believed that this was accomplished, or speedily to be so, after Constantine had professed conversion to Christianity. When his mother sent him from Jerusalem some "nails of the true cross," to be used as bridle bits for his war horse, it was counted a fulfillment of Zacha-riah's prophecy that "what is upon the bridles of the  horses shall be holiness unto the Lord." And his act of appointing his sons and nephews to be sharers in the au-thority of the government, was associated with the ful-fillment of the prophecy of Daniel 7:16, "The saints  of the Most High shall take the kingdom." The church in her political measures has never lost sight of this vision of the setting up of the kingdom of God. From that day down to the present her efforts to shape the affairs and wield the authority of the civil gov-ernment, have been with a view of advancing the fulfill-ment of the prophecies relating to this event. And this same idea and purpose crop out in much that is said to-day upon the necessity of active political work by mem-bers, of the Christian church. The motive of such activity to-day is not a new one, but is in fact identical with that which inspired the "Christian" church in all the ages of her union with the state. With this very good and very pious motive, Chris-tiansŠin the early days of the churchŠwent into politics, and history has recorded the terrible result. Then let the churchŠlet ChristiansŠkeep out of politics. Then whatever disasters may come, if they will do this, there can be no possibility of a repetition of the worst calamity that ever brought ruin on church and state. What Will the Protestants Do? LAST week we gave the first half of the remarkable letter of the Washington correspondent of the Baltimore Daily American, as printed in that paper, October 15, 1898, declaring and justifying the fact that as the result of "numerous conferences with Cardinal Gibbons and Archbishop Ireland" on the subject, "It is the determina-tion of President McKinley that the Catholic churches [in Cuba] shall be kept open, and that public worship shall be amply provided for," and "To this end sufficient money will be advanced by this Government to suppOrt the Catholic Church." It was stated by this correspondent that "this will only be regarded as a temporary loan and when law and order are fully reestablished on the distracted island, the Catholic Church will be expected to maintain itself like every other church." Do you notice the trickery in this sentence last quoted?ŠIt is said that this Governmental money "will be only a temporary loan." Now the natural comple-ment of that expression would be that "when law and order are fully reestablished on the distracted island, the Catholic Church will be expected to pay back this money. But instead of that we find only the elusive statement that while this money "will be only a temporary loan" "till law and order can be reestablished," yet "when law and order are fully reestablished" instead of paying back this "temporary loan" it is only that "the Catholic Church will be expected to maintain itself like every other church." Then whereabouts does the "temporary loan" come 