00  00.0T JusIrcz 7.04  l. KEEPESTATE ANo -am Grog. 1;ŁŁŁŁŁ FOREVER 5"A"Tf'-"Gil  THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. .-i83  Likrtll fIssoGiation DE GL OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., Wesnmorrox, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STEL, OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. A RADICAL clergyman has recently declared that if Chicago opens the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday, the city should be pitched into the middle of Lake Michigan. An exchange remarks of this that such a man "should be arrested for anarchy." THE National Religious Liberty Association is the only organization now in existence which has for its purpose the defense of both civil liberty and religious freedom, with the idea of impartial pro-tection to both, in the knowledge that neither the civil nor the ecclesiastical authority can trench upon the sphere of the other without becoming, in either case, as well uncivil as irreligious; and does this purely, solely, and unswervingly, without fear of prejudice, party, or man, from the principles laid down in the Bible, and enunciated by Jesus Christ, who with the Father, made the world and inan, and gave to humanity the right of self-government. THE Chicago correspondent of the United Pres-byterian has heard Hon. John J. Ingalls deliver a lecture in Chicago, in which he "did not hesitate to recommend the opening of the Fair on the Lord's day." The expression of this view by Mr. Ingalls has given this correspondent such a conviction of the dangerous character of the Ex-Senator's public addresses that he feels it his duty to publish the general warning that "It is safe to stay at home, if you have no better place to go to, when he lectures in your town." This person who expects to so summarily deprive Mr. Ingalls of his audience is only equalled by that other minister who boasted, in the Observer, of having contributed to the finan-cial failure of the New Orleans Exposition by refusing to attend with his family because of its Sunday opening, and threatened similar disaster to the Chicago Exposition on the same conditions. Such clerical assumptions of censorship as these would be amusing, were they not becoming so general. REV. DR. WILLIAM A. BARTLETT, Pastor of the New York Avenue Presbyterian Church, Washing-ton, D. C., has accepted an appointment on the Board of Directors of the House of the Good Shep-herd, an institution owned and controlled by the Roman Catholics under the immediate manage-ment of the Sisters of Charity. The spiritual and material prosperity of this institution is also under the especial fostering care of Cardinal Gibbons. This charity has, in common with others in the  District of Columbia, shared in the largesses of the Government, and now identifies with its interests one of the most popular clergymen of his denomi- nation in the United States --that denomination too, which has been especially prominent in the effort to secure the enactment and enforcement of reli- gious laws, particularly for the observance of Sun-day. This is significant, and the New York Times properly comments :Š The step taken in this instance is of such impor-tance that it could not have been decided upon by any but the highest Catholic authorities in Amer-ica, and it comes after due consideration of its effect. The exclusiveness of the Catholic Church in matters of this kind is universally understood. The placing of a very prominent Presbyterian min-ister in au important directorate is significant. . ." There have been other overtures toward union from Roman Catholic prelates. American Protes-tants have accepted them. Of what is this all significant ? Ł -4- THE Great Great South, Birmingham, Alabama, enu-merates some of the tendencies to paternalism which mark legislation at the present time, and are to be found to a remarkable degree in the de-mands made upon legislatures and upon Congress, and says:Š Soon we may look for organized movements having in view the assumption by the,  overnment of the right to regulate the morals of the people. It is time the country was being awakened to its danger. Instead of doming soon, that time is already here. Never in the history of the world has there been such a marvellous organization of associations, unions, leagues, societies, circle within circle, as is now in existence, for this very thing of regulating the moral conduct of the people of the United States. Demanding also that the moral govern-ment of the Nation be paternalized, and Congress dictate to the citizens of this country whether they shall work or worship on the first day of the week. AN English paper has this pointed paragraph in reference to ancient Puritan regulations. The Puritan settlers in New England left behind them severe laws against Sunday traveling or recreation of any description. They also punished witchcraft with death, and inspired as much gloom as possible in the community. These things in-duced a worthy American to observe that it would have been a great deal better for the country, if, instead of the Pilgrim Fathers landing on Ply-mouth Rock, Plymouth Rock had landed on the Pilgrim Fathers. Although this is rather a crushing sentiment yet it would no doubt have found an echo in the feel-ings of the violinist Remenyi when these same " severe laws against Sunday traveling," pre-vented his reaching New York in time to take part in the Seidl concert, of November 29, and caused him to telegraph; "Arrived in Springfield in time, but there is no train to New York before evening, owing to Connecticut Sunday laws. You may imagine my grief, but it is not my fault," etc. The Recorder notes that he was able to wire the impossibility of keeping his engagement, and asks, " If it is right to wire, why not to run a train ? If it is right to use electricity, why not steam ?" The Sunday Unionists would no doubt congratu-late themselves upon such an incident as this, but for what sufficient cause ? Is any one nearer heaven because of it? No, because the obedience is but an unwilling subjection to man's law instead of a glad doing of the will of God. Ł -4.Ł  THE women of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, of Canada, in convention, have re-solved that the ballot in the hands of Canadian women will " bring the ten commandments back into politics." This is no doubt so. It may be that it will be proved to be so. And when the ten command-ments are back into polities,ŠWhat then ? THE Tennessee Methodist, in an editorial article.  makes a strenuous appeal to the people of Chicago to organize for the enforcement of the Sunday laws, and tells them that " They have excellent statutes under which to push a vigorous campaign for Sabbath observance. This would help us all outside of Chicago in our work for the closing of the great Fair on Sunday. Chicago can learn a useful lesson from her sister city of St. Paul, in the matter of municipal reform by an aroused public sentiment, and the use of long dormant statutes. There is too much involved in this matter for us to entertain a remote thought of failing. Too much is to be gained or lost in the coming final great bat-tle for the American Sabbath, by the success or failure, in procuring the Sunday closing of the World's Fair." It was in St. Paul that the first secret committe was appointed by the Sabbath Unionists to assist in the enforcement of the municipal regulations as to Sunday. It seems that this committee has been efficient, and the result of its efforts in reviving "long dormant statutes " is held up as a worthy example to Chicago. UNDER the the title "Sunday Harbour Labour," the Hong-Kong Telegraph, of October 20, has this item :Š " The following dispatch respecting the Sunday Cargo-working Ordinance was laid before the leg-islative council, yesterday : Downing Street, 10th Sept., 1891 Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the re-ceipt of your dispatch No. 258, of the 5th ult., and to approve your action in opposing the bill intro-duced by Mr. Whitehead to amend the Sunday Cargo-working Ordinance, by extending the date for it to come into operation to the 1st of October. I have the honor to be, etc., KNTJTSFORD. The officer administering the Government of Hong- Kong. " So "Downing Street" dictates Sunday Laws to the antipodes. There is a wealth of dramatic sug-gestiveness in this,Šreligious legislation by cable, from London to Hong-Kong, and at this time when China is threatened with a religious war,Šwhich furnishes food for thought. THE Presbyterian sounds the call for an organ-ized effort, to influence Congress, and intimidate those interested in the Exposition, in this man-ner :Š Our petitions have been laid upon the shelf and our moral pleadings have been ignored, and there remains nothing further for us to do than to let those in charge of the undertaking know that it will not be patronized and sustained by the Chris-tian public, if it is to be made an occasion for des-ecrating and repudiating our American Sabbath. Better far that the Exposition prove a complete failure, than that it should result in an European continental Sabbath. We regard the situation as critical, and think that all interested in the Sun-day question in connection with this national insti-tution should make their voices heard, not only through religious associations, but by personal letters to the directors of the Exposition as well as to members of Congress, so that the Fair shall not be opened under governmental sanction. As the feeling upon this question of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair increases in warmth, it will be interesting to see how close this religious boycotting will come to religious bulldozing. THE President of the Anglers' Club of Clark's Lake, New York, has been arrested and fined in the justice court for fishing on Sunday, and car-ried the case to the County Court where the action of the justice was sustained, and Judge Wisner held that the question could not arise as to whether the religious repose or sentiment of the community had been disturbed or outraged, but that by force of the statute, that specific act of fishing on Sun-day was made criminal. Ł Thus gradually, but surely, the sword of the Sabbath Union is being tempered and sharpened. R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 