 "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 33. NEW YORK, A ITG-U ST 20, 1896. Price, Three Cents.      American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEK IN BY THE FfICIFIC niliss PUBLISHING comroNy, 30 BOND STRETgT, NEW YORK CITY CHRIST AS THIS WORLD'S KING. THERE was once an occasion upon which Jesus Christ, the Son of God, was literally crowned as a king by the representatives of this world. Ł The event is narrated in the twenty-seventh chapter of Matthew: The account reads:---L " Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the common hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers. And they stripped him, and pa: on him a scarlet robe. And when they had platted a crown of thorns, they put it upon his head, and a reed in his right hand: and they bowed the knee before him, and mocked him, saying, Hail, King of the Jews!" Verses 27-29. What mockery, indeed! Yet there was no greater mockery in that scene than there is in the idea that Christ can be this world's king. It was the very mockery of this idea that was illustrated on that occasion. The participants in that tragic mock ceremony were representa-tives of this world. They rep-resented the people over whom Christ would reign as this world's king. He would reign over a people contrary to him; for those who are in harmony with him on this earth are vastly in the mi-nority. His scepter of righteous-ness would bo a reed, and his crown a crown of thorns. The homage he would receive would be hypocrisy. There was no more mockery in that which the Roman soldiers actually did with Jesus Christ  King. In that memorable scene in Pilate's hall, the Saviour was crowned King of this world in the only way that he could and would be so crowned by this world's agen-cies. There is a scheme in progress at the present time to make Christ the King of this world. It is a scheme conducted by those bearing his own name; yet its real character and mean- to think, not recognized as such by many of those engaged in it. We have listened to the pronouncements of powerful and eminent bodies of the people in its favor. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, for example, have declared The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, national, and world-wide, has one vital, organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one undying en-thusiasm, and that is that Christ shall be this world's king ;Šyea, verily, this world's king in its realm of cause and effectŠking of its courts, its camps, its commerce; king of its colleges and cloisters, king of its customs and con-stitutions. . . The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics. The National Reform Associ-ation, the American Sabbath Union, the societies of Christian Endeavor, and other organiza-tions of more or less note, are all working with a practical unan-imity for the accomplishment of this purpose. They would have Jesus Christ made the king of this world by a vote of the people, or of their representatives. Let it be sup-posed that Christ would accept such a decision concerning his 11111i kingship; what would be the re-sult? What would he do with those over whom he reigned? and III what would they do with him? Is not the similarity apparent be-tween his position as it would be in such a case, and what it actu-ally was before the soldiers of Pilate? The spirit of the Roman sol-diers on that occasion was the spirit of the world toward Christ. The world has as much real love for Christ now as they had, and no more. They would be as ready to do his bidding as were the rabble; they would just as readily comprehend and espouse the principles of his government. In short, one of two things would be inevitable. Either his Christ as This World's King. in Pilate's house, than in that which the ing are not different from those of the scene subjects would treat him with mockery people of this world have thought to do when he was crowned with thorns. It is a and derision, as Pilate's soldiers did, ignor-in their schemes to make him the world's mockery, as that was; though we are feign ing his will and making his kingdom one 