AMERICAN SENTINEL. 271 filAP OF PALESTINE. Very Useful for Sabbath Schools, Especially when studying the Life of Christ. t Clear and plain. Size 41x28 inches. Printed on Cloth. Price $1.50. Order now and get the benefit of a splendid help in the Sabbath school or family. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. A GREAT RID . . IS THE NEW PROPHETIC CHART To Bible Students, Teachers, and Lecturers, in study and explanation of the prophecies of Daniel 2, 7, and 8, and Revelation 8-12. Printed on Cloth in Bright and Attractive Colors, Price, Postpaid, - - $1.00. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO.. 39 Bond St., New York City. NOTICE.ŠWe have on hand three copies of The Graphic Atlas and Gaz-etteer of the World, containing fine, clear maps of all the States of the United States, the countries of the world, and an index to every city and country. Original price $7.00. We will sell them at $2.75 each. Order quickly; there's only three. MAKING HOME HAPPY A CHARMING -VOLUME FOR YOUNG AND OLD. What is more desirable than a happy homeŠthe foundation of all society? Contains 17 Chapters, 206 Pages, with original Illustrations. AGENTS WANTED. Where there is no agent the book will be sent, postpaid, on receipt of price. Cloth Cover, .50 Paper " - .25 ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Kansa' city. Mo. Oakland, Cal. AL.110.ST A WOMAN.ŠIpoga" Every mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into wom-anhood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction. They neglect this duty; in-validism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary instruc-tion, in the form of a mother's talk with her daughter. Read what a few have said about it :Š "Your little book, 'Almost a Woman,' can hardly fail to meet with a warm welcome from puzzled teachers and parents, and to be of great value to thousands of young girls."ŠMay H. Prentice, Training Teacher Cleveland Normal School. "My satisfaction with this little book increased with every page. It is just what young girls need, and supplies a want long felt by mothers, the presentation, in well-chosen language. of what girls ought to know, but which mothers find difficulty in telling."ŠAbby Mortor Diatz, Woman's Educational and Industrial Union, Boston, Mass. "I received your little booklet, 'Almost a Woman,' and upon read-ing it was delighted with the subject matter, and the manner in which it was handled. I placed it in the hands of my daughters, eleven and thirteen years of age, and am sure it will be of the greatest benefit to them for many years to come. I wouldn't have had them fail to receive this information for many dollars. Please accept my greatest thanks for the book, and my gratitude as a mother of girls that you were in-spired to write this book."ŠMinnie B. Horning, Nat'l Supt. Press Dept. W. C. T. U., Chicago, Ill. Price, postpaid, - 25 cents. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. This work pic-tures the relations that should exist, and the influence that should be ex-erted, to form the highest ideal of the family and home. 