Here is the fac-simile of his letter . },e_97-e-eu_e de- Ł 7  rafft,,0 /e-.-r xre-4,f4 >t-a-e-.42g4z (.= etd d-t1400 el°2441/. -121,464'''24-3 .144 C25~ acv.  4/;.10,77  250 THE —AMERICAN SENTINEL. W. A. Waterman of Kalamazoo. But, how Was I to know that? And even though it were true, what matters it to me, what he wrote to Mr. Waterman? That is not the question: The question is upon what he wrote to me. He swears that lie wrote to me what he did not write to me. That is all there is to that point. - To this challenge I replied by a letter in which I said: "I gladly accept your proffer to debate. Your choice of Kalamazoo as the place is perfectly satisfactory." Before I received from Mr. Crafts any answer to my acceptance of his challenge, I was called to Chicago, and wrote from there, asking that the place of debate be changed -from Kalamazoo to Chicago, because to have it there would be much more in keeping with his idea of having it before the " Com-mittee of the whole." or: t 4 z Of this Mr. Crafts states in his affidavit: "Before the ministers of Kalamazoo replied, Professor Jones wished the place changed to Chicago., to which I consented, subject to the approval of the Illinois Sabbath Association, as is shown by several of my letters to Pro-fessor Jones." The italics are his own:- 4-6-'89. PROF. JONES :Š Dear Sir: I will transfer debate to Chicago for Fri-day. evening, June 7th, as the reasons ycu give are good ones. Please see Rev. Dr. Mandeville, Pres. of Illinois Sabbath Association, and see if that organi-zation will join you in arranging for the meeting. Music Hall is the proper place. To make sure of ex-penses let ten cents he taken at the door, announced as "a collection of no less than 10 cents each at the door to pay expenses." The advertising should be thoroughly and impartially done, announcing the subject and the debates's, giving the whole petition, which I will sustain and you oppose. You can quote your petitition if you choose, not in advertising, of course, but as,a part of your negative argument; but I have only one night unengagedŠthe one namedŠuntil later in the season. I hone we may have the debate over again at some other point, with two nights or snore for it. For the 7th let us begin at 8 sharp. and speak 45 minutes each, with 15 each for rejoinders. I appoint Dr. Mandeville to represent me IM the arrangements, as far as debate is concerned. The ex-penses I leave for you and the Society to arrange and divide surplus, if any beyond my usual $10 for trav- eling expenses. W. F. CRAFTS. In that letter there is no such state-ment as that either the debate or the change was subject to the approval of the Illinois Sabbath Association. The letter says: "I will transfer debate to Chicago." He does not say he would transfer the debate subject to the ap-proval of the Illinois Association, nor anything of the kind; but that he Ł would transfer debate to Chicago, and that "as the reasons you gave are good ones." The words are plain, and without qualification. Then, of the Illinois Association he says: "Please see Rev. Dr. Mandeville, president of the Illinois Sabbath As-sociation, and see if that organization will join you in arranging for the meet-ing." I was not to ask Dr. Mandeville if that organization would approve of the debate. I was not to ask whether that organization would consent to have such a meeting; but to see if that organization would join me "in arrang-ing for the meeting." And the only thing I ever gathered from Mr. Crafts' letters on this point was that if that organization would not join in making arrangements he would name another party. Again, Mr. Crafts may say that he meant that the debate . was subject to the approval of the Illinois Sabbath Association ; and again I say, The question is not what he meant, but what he said. He makes oath that this letter shows that the change of the debate to Chicago was subject to the approval of the Illinois Sabbath Association. The letter does not show it. He has sworn that the letter will show what it does not show. He says he said so to Dr. Mandeville, and again I say, How was I to know that? and what has that to do with this case? The question is upon what he wrote to me. He swears that the letter to me shows what it does not show. This further proves true our original statement that the concurrence of any others was an after consideration, and in that proves false his oath that this is a "willful and malicious falsehood." There being no such condition in the original challenge, nor in the letter changing debate to Chicago, the only way in which any such condition could ever possibly come in would be in the way of an after consideration. Thus in this third point also, it is clearly proved that his oath is contrary to fact. Having now positively proved by his own letters, that in these points he has made a false oath, and having thus clearly impeached his testimony, the SENTINEL might here drop the whole subject, and, upon ev-ery principle of law and justice, count itself clear; being fully justified by the legal maxim, "falsus in uno, falsus in omnibusŠfalse in one point, false in all." But we are willing to waive all this, to be more than strictly just, and to go further and do all we can to make the question plain. As be appbinted for only one night ŠJune 7Šand expressed the hope that we might have it over again at some other point, with two nights or More, I did not go to see Dr. Mande-ville, but immediately wrote again to Mr. Crafts, asking him to take more nights at first, becrusc there could not Ł ‚., OX ':`:.  3 :a '5 , a,, :-., ,7 % Ł ,..., 1:4. L, 'ThŁ ti  1 1-4 6i ripi2f:1 1.",.14 -e, 1,4 co v -a a ..3 ?fp 1 e-03 .. — v a 5-4 .4 .1 ......,—. 2 .  t.. 2 °° Š 1  5.- .... E E.. Vo .$ aS S ..P. 1 ..) i it 11 ..d Ct.° f: .... G3 1  2: .Ł'....S m V aŁ li Al14Mwl al ...° rl Ł 4 Ł " Ł sz 'g o 3 g 0 4 To  the  United States  Senate:  OCCUPATION.  OCCUPATION.  