THE AMERICAN S-EN`rINET, 23 that the mass of Protestant Christians have any wish so monstrous and idiotic, yes, impos-sible, I will not and .cannot believe, the Rev. S. F. Scovel, and others, to the contrary, not-withstanding. "But go ahead, write, protest, show all the facts upon the, subject. "I believe you aro honest, sincere, in dead earnest, and if you can show me how to guide my way better than in the past, I will take it 4611. "I am, gentleman, with respect, yours, "JAMES DICKsoN." WO heartily believe that our reverend brother is as earnest and sincere as we are. If all professed Protestants were like him, no doubt it would be an impossibility to unite with Catholics. But, unfortunately, instead of looking toward the light,-  as he:is,' they .are looking away from it. We assure our friend that while any sort of a union between Oath-()lies and Protestants is indeed "monstrous," the thought that it will erelong be an accom-: plishod' fact is, neither "idiotic" nor '" the ro-mance of madness." To believe it `requires no faith whatever; .one has only to observe the signs of the times. We 'do not base this belief on a single state-ment' of the Christian Statesman,' nor indeed upon any statement of that paper, professing 'a willingness for such union. As a matter of fact, hoiveveri that paper is editorially com-mitted to just such a union. These state- ments in the Christian Statesman are, how-.over, only the natural result of the teachingS of National Reform. As we have abundantly shown, the principles of National Reform are.  identical with those of the Papacy. - Both be- lieve that the State should support the church. Both believe in the persecution of heretics--1 those who think and act for themselves con-trary to the "established" religion; and both hold- in the main to the same points of doc-trine.. Having these points of similarity, and working for the same object, it is the most natural thing in the world that the two bodies Should unite their interests. When all National Reformers see, what their leaders already see, that they cannot accomplish their purpose without the aid of Catholics, an alliance with that church will be speedily effected. The name of Dr. A. A. Hodge, of Princeton, is an honored one among Presbyterians. He was not '" idiotic," nor one who. indulged in the " romance of madness," but was a clear- headed, deliberate man, who knew what he Was about. In an article in the Princeton Review for January, 1887, he said:Š . " All we have to do is for Catholics and ProtestantsŠdisciples of a common MasterŠto come to a common understanding with re-spect to a common basis of what is received. as general Christianity, a practical quantity of truth belonging equally to both sides, to be recognized in general legislation, and espe-cially in the literature and teaching of our pub-lic schools. The difficulties lie in the mutual ignorance and prejudice of both parties, and fully as much on the side of the Protestants as of the Catholics." The article in which these-  words occur, which declare' that Catholics have an equal amount of truth with Protestants, and that they should unite, their interests, is quoted by the, Occident, of San Francisco (Presbyterian),  whose editor calls it " a dying legacy of this able and lamented minister," and says that "these suggestions are worthy of earnest con-sideration." We know of few prominent relig-ious journals- which have not expressed similar sentiments. It is a fact that must be patent to anyone who is conversant with current religious news, that among Protestants the Catholic Church is being regarded with more and more favor. There is a feeling that the Catholic Church has changed, or that at any rate it has been misjudged. That church is now counted as a branch of the Christian Church, having its specific work to do, just as the Methodists, Presbyterians, Episcopalians, etc. The bar-riers' between Catholics and professed Prot-estants are continually being broken down; and when it is found that certain legislation in behalf of " religion " cannot be brought about without the co-operation of Catholics, Protestants will not only accept their aid, but will sue for it. We could give instances where this has already been done. Let our brother remember one thing: The Catholic Church will not change its character-isties, nor abate one iota of its arrogance; and when National Reform, with the aid of the Catholic vote, shall have succeeded, Roman Catholic principles will predominate, and we shall have in this country an American Pa- pacy, with all that that implies. E. J. W. IN the New York /Independent of January 6, President Washburn, of Robert College, Con-stantinOple, has an' article on "Eastern and Western Civilization," in which occur the fol-lowing paragraphs, which we commend to the careful consideration 'of National Reformers, who hold that civil government should be paternal:Š "The idea of Eastern Civilization is 'pater-nal government.' The people are children, not of a modern father, but of the Old World father, who was the irresponsible master of his family. "Western civilization utterly repudiates this idea, denies the existence of any analogy be-tween the family and the State, and seeks to make men and not children of the people. "A paternal government, under exceptional circumstances, may for a time secure a certain amount of material prosperity and even of moral and intellectual development, but in general this system must develop a type of character where the virtues of childhood are not only exaggerated at the expense of those which are the. glory of manhood, but are liable also to be extinguished by the vices of a man-hood uncontrolled by reason or conscience." THE TRUE EDUCATOR. "THE students in the industrial department of the South Lancaster Academy print the True Educator as a part of their school work, and it is one of the neat-est papers which comes to our desk. Fortunate that parent whose child has such facilities in connection with his studies."ŠNew England Journal of Education. "The True Educator is certainly a credit to its editor and to the Academy. Shall try to send some-thing for its columns."ŠJohn C. Rolfe, Ph. D., Cincin-nati, 0., late instructor in Greek, Cornell University. "The three great educational monthly periodicals of this time are the True Educator, South Lancaster, Mass., the American Teachel', Boston, Mass., and the Western School Journal, Topeka, Kansas "ŠTongan-oxie (Kansas) News. We have made arrangements with the publishers of the above-mentioned sixteen-page journal, whereby we can now offer the True Educator (regular price 75 cents) and the AMERICAN SENTINEL (price 50 cents) for $1.00. Address PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE GREAT CONTROVERSY BETWEEN CHRIST AND SATAN DURING THE CHRISTIAN DISPENSATION. BY Sins. E. G. WHITE. Author of "The Life of Christ," "Sketches from the Life of Paul," " Bible Sanctification," and Other Popular Works. THIS volume presents the most wonderful and intensely in-teresting history that has ever been written of the great con-flict between Christianity and the Powers of Darkness, as illustrated in the lives of Christian martyrs and reformers on the one hand, and wicked men and persecuting powers on the other. Beginning with our Lord's great prophecy given while viming  Jerusalem from the Mount of Olives, this book outlines the history of the whole dispensation down to the time when " Sin and sinners arc no more; God's entire universe is clean; and the great controversy is forever ended." Below we give a brief synopsis of the subjects consideredŠDestruction of Jerusalem; Persecutions in the First Centuries; The Roman Church; The Waldenses; Early Reformers; Lu-ther's Separation from Rome; Luther before the Diet; Progress of the Reformation; Protest of the Princes; Later Reformers; The Two Witnesses; God Honors the Humble; William Miller and His Work; The First, Second, and Third Angels' Messages; The Tarrying Time; The Midnight Cry; The Sanctuary and 2300 Days; An Open and a Shut Door; Modern Revivals; The Investigative Judgment; Origin of Evil; Enmity between Man and Satan; Agency of Evil Spirits; The Snares of Satan; The First Great Deception; Ancient and Modern Spiritualism; Character and Aims of the Papacy; The Coming Conflict; The Scriptures a Safeguard; The Loud Cry of Rev. 18; The Time of Trouble; God's People Delivered; Desolation of the Earth; The Controversy Ended. The period of history covered by this volume, is one of the deepest interest to all classes of readers. The style of the author is clear, forcible, and often sublime, and, although sim-ple enough in its statements to be understood and appreciated by a child, its eloquence calls forth the admiration of all. The demand for this popular book is so great that we have had to print eight editions of it, and as we have hundreds of agents in the field canvassing we expect to sell many thousand copies of this valuable book during the next few months. If there is no agent in your town please send us your address and we will send you descriptive circulars or have an agent call upon you. The "Great Controversy" contains over 500 pages; 21 full page Illustrations and Steel Portrait of the Author; printed and bound in the very best style. Active Agents Wanted in Every Town. and County in the 'United States. For Terms and Territory, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Publishers, 12th and Castro Streets, Oakland, Cal. OUR COUNTRY-THE MARVEL OF NATIONS. ITS PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE, AND WHAT THE SCRIPTURES SAY OF. IT. By U. SMITH.  ' AUTHOR OF "SMITH'S PARLIAMENTARY RULES," ETC., ETC. Tnis is a new and popular work on a subject of the deepest interest to all American citizens. It takes a brief but compre-hensive view of our Government from a Historical, Political, and Religious Standpoint. The Sunday Question, Modern, Spiritualism, and National Reform, ARE PROMINENT AMONG THE TOPICS ABLY DISCUSSED IN THIS WORK, THE MARVEL OF NATIONS iS a work of NO pages. It contains a steel plate of the author, and over forty illustrations. It is printed in clear type, and bound in cloth ; price, $1.00. COMBINATION OFFER.ŠArrangements have been made whereby those who desire can receive a copy of this Popular Book, and the American Sentinel, one year, post-paid, for only $1.25. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. iTE GAITERS, PREVENTION, AIID PROPER TRE.ATIMIT. BY J. II. I:r.m.oca, M. D. TuE increasing prevalence of this devastating disease, and its alarming fatality in so many cases, renders the subject of its Nat-ure and Treatment one of the greatest importance. This work gives a concise account of the Nature, Cause and Modes of Prevention, and also THE MOST SUCCESSFUL METHODS OF TREATMENT Of this prevalent and fatal malady. It should be in every household, as its Instructions, if faithfully carried out, Will save many a precious life. Price, in board covers, 25 cents; - Address. PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. 