Equal and axact Justice to all Men, of Whatever Mate or cerauaBion, Veligious or 'Political. ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, MAY 26, 1892. NUMBER 21. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOOIATE EDITORS, C. 'P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEn. Two more Adventists have been in-dicted for Sunday work, this time at Graysville, Tenn. It is probable that the trials of those indicted at Springville, will have taken place before another number of THE SENTINEL reaches the readers. Š0Š THE Law and Order League, of Pitts-burg, Pa., which has been waging war on newsdealers, newsboys, and carriers for selling papers on Sunday, has now made informations against the proprietors of the Dispatch, Leader, and Press, for working on Sunday. SUNDAY, May 15, while Col. Elliott F. Shepard was attending a meeting in Omaha, in the interests of better " Sab-bath observance," twenty-six men were working on his new building in New York. It is but just to say, however, that the contractor states that the work was done without Mr. Shepard's knowledge. Ł Š0Š THE Methodist General Conference has indorsed the proposed Sixteeenth Amend-ment to the national Constitution, which provides that no State shallŠ use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by appropriation, payment for services, expenses or otherwise, any church, religious denomination or religious society, or any institution, society or un-dertaking which is wholly, or in part, under sec-tarian or ecclesiastical control. Š0Š OF the proposed amendment and the attitude of the Methodists toward it, the Mail and Express says :Š The aggressive action of the Methodist,  General Conference, in session at Omaha, in promotion of the effort now being put forth for the protection of our distinctively free American institutions, and the perpetual prohibition by a constitutional amend-ment of all sectarian appropriations of public funds, is indicative of the general interest in the subject and of the determination of the people to maintain the absolute separation of Church and State, as the essential condition of the perpetuation of both our civil and religious liberties. Š0Š THE same paper remarks thatŠ the Methodists also manifested their earnestness and sincerity by passing, unanimously, a resolution to the effect that all societies working under Meth-odist direction and sanction would in the future refuse to receive from the national Government any moneys for their educatianal work among the Indians. The table published elsewhere in this pa-per may possibly afford a clew to the great zeal now shown by Protestants to prohibit these appropriations. For the year 1891, the Catholics received $347,689 as against only $206, 268 divided between eleven Protestant institutions. ŠoŠ BAPTISTS are about the only large de-noniination that has not had a share of the Government pap, administered through the medium of Indian schools. The Bap-tists have not only conscientiously refused to ask for or receive any appropriations from public funds for their evangelical enterprises, but energetically oppose all such appropriations in behalf of other re-ligious denominations. Š0Š IT seems a little singular that just now so many people who have all along in-sisted that there was in this country no danger of a union of Church and State, should suddenly discover not only that there is danger, but that to some extent such a union already exists. The Mail and Ex-press says of the proposed Sixteenth Amendment It is within the scope of its purpose to protect the common school system, in its purely American and unsectarian character, the divorcing of Church and State, and the preventing of ecclesiastical domina-tion of any of our public institutions. The words, " the divorcing of Church  and State," imply that they are now con-nected; and that is the fact; and to a greater extent than the Mail and Express realizes. That paper, and the friends of the proposed amendment generally, can see that sectarian schools supported either in whole or in part by public funds, form a connecting link between the State and the Church; why can not they see that the schools need not be "sectarian" in the common acceptation of the term, to form such a link ? and that any other religious institution supported either by State money or by State influence and power, just as truly unites Church and State as does the appropriation of State money for the sup-port of sectarian education ? Why can not all Protestants see that to be consistent they must not only refuse State aid in the shape. of money, credit or property, but also in the form of laws for the mainte-nance of distinctively religious institu-tions ? "The New Method of Petitioning." THIS is what the Christian Statesman says about what it calls the " new method of petitioning ":Š The old method of petitioning, by miscellaneous signatures, obtained hastily at the door and on the street is not only slower, but more likely to result in mistakes than the new method, by deliberate vote, after explanation and discussion, in citizens' meetings, labor lodges, and church assemblies. The indorsements of organizations also show, by the name of the organization, just what sort of people are favoring the movement. As intimated by the Statesman," the new method of petitioning is by deliberate vote." That is, the one who presides at any meeting presents the petition, and as many as desire to do so vote in favor of it. The negative side of the question is either not put at all, or else put in such a way that nobody feels free to vote against the petition. The chairman then certifies that the petition was indorsed by the " unanimous " vote of a church, or other society, of so many members, giving the whole membership, when probably not half were present, and not all present 