382 T E AMERICAN SENTINEL. Catholic. We know that- there are Catholics who are really Americans, who want no establish-ment of religion .of any kind whatever in the United States; but we are certain that no Cath-olic newspaper would-  say a word, against any ex altation its church might receive.at  .the. hands of the State. But the News is shrewd-enough to see. that a union of Church and -State:does not neces-sarily imply .State recognition of some one 'de-nomination. It says: " To make an established religion it is not necessary to make the doctrines of one Protestant denomination the religion. It suffices that the mass of doctrines (including hostility to and protest against Catholicity) known as the Protestant religion is virtually established." This is true. And it is just as true that the rec-ognition of so feeble a caricature of the Christian religion as would be exhibited by such a union of Protestants and Catholics as is proposed by Na-tional Reformers and many Protestant leaders, and by the Catholic laymen's congress, would be an establishment of religion, and a violation of the Constitution. Religious Instruction in Public Schools,  to all sects, whether they believe in Christianity or not, whether they were Jews or infidels.'- " It is the spirit of American government for the State to select and pay, from public taxes, ministers of theŁ gospel to preach Oren sound doctrine, however: much,it might be fOr-the pill-ilia good-. On the same principle, it is riot for, the State to employ school-teachers at the expense of the tax-payers to teach the gospel of Christ to children ; and any religion less than that is not worth fighting over. "It has been said that the State has inherent right and duty to determine what the education of children shall be. There is much 'truth in this, but it needs very careful slimitations. Did the Protestant world approve when the Catholic authorities in Italy (if I remember), seizing from: his parents the Jewish boy Mortara, educated him in the Romanist faith? The truth is, the State !must insist, fo: its own existence and welfare in a republic, on the instruction of chil-dren in all needed branches, and for the diffusion of general intelligence as against ignorance. This grand idea demands the school system ; but let it stop when it interferes with religious faiths." From these premises Dr. Quint reasons- very' conclusively thatŠ "Any satisfactory religious Ł instruction in public Schools is absolutely impracticable; and we May as well acknowledge it. An avowedly secular system is far better for religion than a formal sham. We can-not teach the distinctive tenets of any Christian denomination. Then, without tenets, what is there to teach ? Our own churches cannot consent to the Romanist papal authority as a tenet on one hand, nor to the denial of Christ's divinity on the other ; and neither of these will leave the field to us, nor to all the denominations combined who hold the ' doc-trines commonly called evangelical.' There is no possible common ground. Eliminate all except what all hold in commonŠRomanist, Protestant, indiffer-ent, Jew, freethinkerŠand the remainder. Are Majorities to rule? There is nothing more danger-Ous than majorities unfettered by constitutions. ! " It may be 'said that we have the Bible read in Schools. A law of . 855 required it, and a law of 1880 forbade any ' note or comment,' and excused from it all pupils whose parents Objected to it. Haw Much Bible is that? One teacher reads of Moses in the bulrushes and of David and Goliath ; and another reads colorless psalms. Suppose the law be changed, And note and comment be made lawfulŠwhose doc-trine is to be taught by the teacher to our children? " No. The safeSt way, the wisest way, is to secular-ize the schools. It is simply asserting the American principle, that no church or anti-church shall use for its own purpose the public schools maintained by the taxation of the people. It makes them no more irreligious than a State blacksmith shop would be. It Would teach the ordinary branches at the public ex-pense, and leave religious teaching to parents, where God himself placed it. God established the family ; men established the public-school system: "It must not be understood that secularizing the Schools excludes teaching and training in the moral Virtues. These lie at the basis of all beliefs or no be-liefs. They enter necessarily into the government pi every schools  and the daily intercourse of one pupil with all other pupils. they cannot by any possibility be put out of sight. They are proper Subjects of direct instruction. The Massachusetts Constitution, which prohibits so plainly the tenets of every sect and denomination, expressly directs all teachers to `inculcate the principles of humanity and general benevolence, public and private charity, in-dustry and frugality, honesty, and punctuality in their dealings; sincerity., good-humor, and all social affections and generous sentiments among the people.' Nor is there any doubt that this subject Should be.eraphasized even farther than it now Is." It is plain that if all classes are to use the public school there must be no specific religious instruction. It -cannot be imparted consistently with the American system of government. If re-ligious instruction is given, it will be almost cer-tain to savor of some particular sect; and moneys raised by taxation upon the whole 'people cannot be rightfully used for that purpose. Religious education must be taught elsewhereŠin the church and the home. Neither the state, nor the church, nor the home singly, can do the whole, work, the_-complete work, of education. TIIE following from the Christian Union of December 12 will throw light upon the editorial -elsewhere -quoted from the Catholic News, and is worth reading on its own account at this time when there is a movement to give the church the chief control of the public schools:Š If it be true,.as currently reported, that the Roman catholic hierarchy, represented by such influential dignitaries as Bishops Ireland and Riordan, and even Cardinal Gibbons, are resisting the appoint-ment of General Morgan as Indian commissioner and Dr: Dorchester as superintendent of Indian schools, on the ground that these gentlemen are hostile to the Roman 'Catholic Church, and are re-moving from office Roman Catholic appointees, the fact furnishes another- argument against the anoma-lous system which has grown up in the Indian Bureau of quasi-partnership betWeen the federal government and the churches in the work of educa-tion. It makes little difference in their bearing on that system whether the charges are true or false. If they are true, that an Indian commissioner can by virtue of his office work against a particular de-nomination is a serious objection to the system; if they are false, the fact that he can be subjected to groundless suspicions and false accusations in the faithful discharge of his duty, and that church in-fluence can be brought to bear for the retention in office of incompetent officials, is an equally conclu-sive objection to the system. The contract school system is impaled on either horn of this dilemma. That system has grown up naturally, and cannot, probably, be abolished at a blow without serious in-jury; but the fact that it introduces sectarian strife in political administration should be of itself enough to make our Congress resolve to provide, at the earliest possible moment, in lieu of it, a system of education wholly under federal control and main-tained at federal expense, leaving the churches in-dependent of the State, and disentangled from all alliances with it, to do their religious work without either help.or hindrance from the national govern-ment," "A FEw years ago," says the Press-and Horti-culturist, of 'Riverside, this State, "we fought a hard fight to prevent the abrogation of the State Sunday law, largely, it is true, because it gave us the only State restriction of the liquor traffic which we had. It was lost, mainly through the failure of radical temperance people to see the Practical value of the laW as a temperance measure, and no party can afford to champion its restoration, in view of that experience." Probably the reason why "radical temperance people" failed "to see the value" of the California Sunday law "as a temperance measure," was that it had no value in that direction. And yet with characteristic consistency, some of those same "radical temperance people" accuse us of being in league not only with the saloons, 'but with every-other evil, because we oppose Sunclay'laws. . Ł  4. Government of Switzerland. "THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT Or SWITZERLAND; AN ESSAY ON THE CONSTITUTION," by Bernard Moses, Ph.D., professor of history and political economy, University of California. Pacific Press Publishing Co., San Francisco and Oakland, Cal., 43 B nd Street, New York, 48 Paternoster Row, London, lag. What true patriotic American ought not to be in-terested in the little federation of Central Europe, which, amid the imperialism of medieval ages, and the revolutions -of later times, maintained the prin-ciples of liberty,Šprinciples trammeled, it is true, Ł by the tenacious traditions of past ages, and a per-verted religion, but ever growing brighter and clearer as we near the present. Professor Moses has portrayed these gradual steps of emancipation in a clear and graphic style. His analysis of the Swiss Government, of its advantages and disad van-tages, its various steps toward its present form as compared with American republics, are lucid and striking. The chapter headings will give something of an idea of the scope of the work : Antecedents of Swiss Federalism, Distribution of Power, The Legislature, The Executive, The Judiciary, Foreign Relations, Internal Relations, The Army and the Fi-nances, Rights and Privileges, The Common Pros-perity. These features are all made more striking by comparing them with those of other republics, notably our own. It is an excellent treatise and textbook upon a subject; and concerning-a country, which ought t9 be much better kno_wn. The book is comprehensive, concise, ,clear,.and interesting, and deiervesa wide-circulation. 12mo— cloth , price 11.50, THE following from "Romanism versus the Public School System," a book written by Daniel Dorchester, D.D., and published by the Metho-dist Book Concern, Phillips & Hunt, New York, although 'directed especially against the teaching of Catholic doctrine in the public schools, applies equally well to Protestant teaching. We bespeak for it a careful reading The provisions of the National and State Con-stitutions are such that the matter of religious ex-ercises in the public schools is restricted within very narrow limits, specific instruction being,  ruled out. The Constitution of the United States says:Š !` Congress shall make no law 'respecting an estab-lishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." .Massachusetts says : " No subject shall be hurt, molested, or restrained in his person, liberty, or estate, for worshiping_God in the manner most agreeable to the dictates of his own conscience, or for his religious profession or sentiment." Its Bill of Rights says also : " All religious sectsand denominations demeaning themselves peaceably and as good citizens of the commonwealth, shall be equally under the protection of the law; and no sub-ordination of any one sect or denomination to an-other shall ever be established by law." A statute, in the same spirit, -forbids -the intro-duction of any text-book "favoring the tenet of any particular sect of Christians." These are in harmony with the act of the people which, in 1833, finally de-stroyed the power of towns or the State to tax the people for the support of churches. AN ABLE DISCUSSION. Said Rev.4.'H. Quint, D.D. (Congregation-alist, July 26, 1888), after ,quoting the forego- ing:Š . " These provisions declare a perfect equality of re-ligious denominations, that no one shall -be put in power by law, and that no' tenet of any sect shall be favored. This necessarily rules out of the schools religious instruction, if it is consistently carried out. . A Romanist !cannot impose his tenets upon a Prot-estant child, and a Protestant teacher cannot impose his tenets upon a Catholic child. A Baptist 'teacher cannot teach immersion, and a Congregational teacher cannot teach endless punishment. Whether we like this or not, it is lie fact. No ' common law' even, no theory of some unwritten power in the State, can override the constitutional fetters which the American Revolution produced. No clearer authority is needed than that of Judge Story;  in his opinion in the great Girard will case, where he declares this new limita-tion, and where he says, of the equality stated in the Pennsylvania Bill of Rights (like otherS), that `the language must haVe been intended to extend ecpially 