292 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The early Christians "took the spoiling of their goods joyfully." They were not only willing to suffer financial loss, but the loss of their lives for the sake of truth. "They loved not their lives unto death." Any professed Christian whose "Christianity" requires the aid of the civil law is not a Christian, and would lose noth-ing if he sacrificed his "Christianity" to retain his posi_ tion, and would gain nothing by a law enabling him to retain his "Christianity" and his job. What is needed to-day is not a revival of fourth century methods of making men Christians, but a revival of Christianity. This is by no means an appeal for the running of street cars, the opening of shops, or the holding of public amusements on the Sabbath. But it is an appeal to pro-fessed Christians to look to the "power from on high" and not to human power for the preservation and pro_ mulgation of the institutions of Christianity. "All flesh is grass, and all the goodliness thereof is as the flower of the field. . . The grass withereth, the flower Meth, but the word of our God shall stand for- ever." Isa. 40:6-8. A. F. B. The Trouble and the Remedy. THE Rev. Chas. L. Bovard, a Methodist minister of Albuquerque, New Mexico, in a contribution to the N. Y. Christian Advocate, of April 22, on the subject of "Some Alarming Tendencies," says:Š " Ponder.this. It is estimated that in the neighbor-hood of one hundred thousand people flocked to Denver and Albuquerque to see the pseudo MessiahŠSchlatter ! There is no need of comment upon the intellectual, social, and religious character of so credulous a populace. They are prepared for the wildest vagaries. Can it be that we are two centuries from Salem witchcraft? Nor was the Schlatter following chiefly confined to the ignorant Mex-ican population, but the cultured yet godless leaders of society were his stoutest defenders. It sometimes seems as though a `perverse spirit' had been poured out upon the people of this nation, furiously driving them to cut loose from their every conservative mooring." What is the trouble? We are living in "the blazing light of the nineteenth century"; yet it may be doubted whether credulity and superstition were ever more prev-alent than they are to-day. And not the ignorant alone, but "the cultured yet godless leaders of society," consti-tute the ready victims of their power. What is the trouble? Do we want more science, more public schools and colleges, more newspapers, more civil-ization? There was never so much of all this as there is at present. Yet it is nothing short of the truth that "it sometimes seems as though a 'perverse spirit' had been poured out upon the people of this nation, furiously driving them to cut loose from their every conservative mooring." Ah, there is a "perverse spirit" which works inde-pendently of all restraints of science and civilization; a spirit which runs riot in "the blazing light of the nineteenth  century" as freely as it did in the ages before it. And that "perverse spirit" is the spirit of opposition to the gospel of Jesus Christ. It is the spirit of selfishness and of the prince of evil, which sets at nought the counsel of the Most High. This is an age of Bibles, yet the Word of God is not in the hearts of the people. The power and wisdom of God find no place for operation in their lives. There is but one antidote and preventive of this perverse spirit which drives the people to such displays of credulity and superstition; and that is, truth; and not "truth" merely, but "the truth as it in Jesus." Ah, this is the education for the need of which the world is dying, Šthe knowledge of "the truth as it is in Jesus." There can be no true education without the knowledge of Christ. When the people know the "power of God unto salva-tion to every one that believeth," they will have no desire to follow after other manifestations of power claiming to be divine. When they know the voice of the "Good Shepherd," they will not be ready to heed the voice of a stranger. No one, however capable or qualified by nature and education, need expect to escape the "perverse spirit" of this age and the delusions to which it leads, unless his education shall include an acquaintance with Him who is the Author and embodiment of truth. And that acquain-tance can be secured by any and every person by receiv-ing His word into the heart by faith. A BROOKLYN clergyman, the Rev. E. H. Byington, the son of a missionary, is quoted by the N. Y. Tribune, as saying, "Give them equal equipments, training and opportunity, and I believe that a thousand Moslems will conquer a thousand Christians every time." What kind of Christians can this statement refer to?  4  The Sabbath from Eden to the New Earth. A RELIGIOUS exchange makes the following truthful observations relative to the perpetuity of the Creation Sabbath:Š "Commenting on the first four words of the fourth commandment of the Decalogue, as given at Sinai: 'Re-member the Sabbath day,' Jamieson, Fausset, and Brown, in their critical commentary, remark that these words imply that the Sabbath `was already known and recognized as a season of sacred rest.' And so it was, as the Scriptures abundantly prove. "It was known in the wilderness of sin thirty days before the children of Israel reached Sinai. This is shown from Exodus 16. It was known and observed by a line of godly men reaching all the way back to creation, when God made the Sabbath and gave it to man. And it has likewise been known and observed by a line of godly peo-ple ever since Sinai,Šby the Israelites, by Christ, by the apostles, by the early Christians, by the Abyssinians, by the Waldenses, by the Seventh-day Baptists, and last of all, by the Christian denomination known as Seventh-day Adventists, a people who observe this most ancient 