AMERICAN SENTINEL. 181 and to maintain their declaration that the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath day. Elder Huffman had nu-merous tilts with Mr. Carleton, and the bright Kennebec lawyer, who is something of a student of Holy Writ him-self, found more than his match. The crowd which gath-ered about had a fine entertainment. The committee voted to report the bill with an amendment that it shall only apply to cities, towns and organized places, as the bill as originally drawn would prevent the firing of a gun up in the backwoods of Maine." THE Truth Seeker, a journal opposed to Christianity, in its issue of March 20, inquires: "Can anyone who,has read the gospel story of Jesus Christ conceive of him as summoning a policeman to arrest a ten-year-old darkey boy for crying his papers in the streets of Washington, while the pharisees and hypocrites were sitting in the front pews of the churches? Can any stretch of imagina-tion picture him as interfering with a game of ball in a vacant lot, played by lads who had no day but Sunday for recreation?" Shame on the professed friends and followers of Christ who are doing in his name that which His avowed enemies declare would be entirely beneath His character. Christ or Creed; Which? BY W. W. PRESCOTT. WHEN Christ came to this world as the bearer of life and light and love from God to man, He found that the plain teachings of God's Word had been obscured and even made of no effect through the teachings of those who were the leaders of the people; that religion had been made a burden upon the people ; and that what God had given as a blessed means of union and com-munion with Him had been turned into a yoke of bond-age. Much of His example and teaching was directed toward changing all this. He taught the people that religion was a life and not a mere form, ceremony or creed ; and He presented the plain teaching of the Scrip-ture as the basis of faith and the rule of conduct, even though it should be in open opposition to the customs and traditions of the time. Ile Himself was the gospel which He preached; and the word which had already been revealed in language, now " was made flesh" (John 1:14), and revealed in life. Thus Christ became the em-bodiment and the interpretation of all God's thought for man as set forth in the Scripture. But this brought Him into continual conflict with the religious teachers of his day, who placed their own traditions above the clearest statements of the Word of God. To His disciples He said, "Follow Me," and then He lived before them, and taught them by precept, the Scriptures which He Himself had caused to be, written (1 Peter 1:10, 11), "that the man of God may be per-fect." 2 Tim. 3 :16, 17. And when those who moulded  the religious sentiment of the time asked him, " Why walk not Thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders ?" He replied, " Full well ye reject the command-ment of God, that ye may keep your own tradition . . making the Word of God of none effect through your tradition." See Mark 7:5-13. "Why do ye also trans-gress the commandment of God by your tradition?" was His inquiry. Their ideas of the character of God and of religion, both in form and spirit, had become so distorted that when Jesus appeared among them, "the image of the invisible God," they persecuted Him because He would not conform to their ideas of religion, and even claimed scripture authority for putting Him to death (John 19:7), yet being all the time full of zeal for their creed. The experience of Saul, the Pharisee as told by himself (Gal. 1 :13, 14), shows how the true spirit of religion may be wholly disregarded in the settled de-termination to maintain tradition and creed. This conflict which was waged in Christ's time and against Him has been continued, in one form and an-other, ever since. In the Acts of the Apostles we have a record of the struggle on the part of the early disciples to establish the truth of the Bible, as lived and taught by Christ, as against the most determined effort on the part of those who professed to be the people of God to main-tain the traditions and creed of the Church. Light was refused, and the power of the Holy Ghost was resisted (Acts 7:51) in the vain effort to put man's idea of re-ligion and man's interpretation of the Scripture in the place of "the truth as it is in Jesus." It was in vain that Paul, the Christian, said: "I continue unto this day, . . saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come" (Acts 26:22), "believing all things which are written in the law and in the prophets" (Acts 24:14), since their zeal for their creed was so much greater than their regard for what the Word of God taught. These same experiences were repeated in the 'great Reformation of the sixteenth century. The Church had departed from the plain teaching of the Scripture, and had placed the authority of man and the traditions of the Church above the clearest statements of the Word of God. The sole and infallible authority of the Word of God was the primary and fundamental principle of the Reformation. Said the Reformers:Š `Ł The Christians receive no other doctrines than those founded on the express words of Jesus Christ, of the apostles, and of the prophets. No man, no assembly of doctors, has a right to prescribe new ones."ŠD'Aubigne's History oft& Reformation, book 3, chapter 9, par. 4. When Luther at the Diet of Worms was asked to retract all that he had written contrary to the traditions and the creed of the Church, he appealed to the authority of the Bible, and said :Š " For this reason,-  most serene Emporer, and you most illustrious Princes, and all men of every degree, conjure you, by the mercy of God, to prove from the writings of the prophets and apostles, that I have erred. 