62 A.MMIELICAN Vol,. 8, No. 8. a menace to society, It makes him a murderer, a libertine and a brute. We have a lurking idea that it is the business of a government to preserve a fraternal guardianship over a man's conscience. The only government that ever had a right to do that, or ever will, is God's government. Civil law was not ordained for the purpose of making men moral. You can not make men religious by law. No government ever tried it without defeating the very ends it was trying to gain. However much a man may wrong God, civil government has no right to interfere. God will attend to that. It is only when a man wrongs his fellow-man that civil government must come in to protect its citizens. " This is in effect what Congress says : ' We want you to close the Fair on Sun-day. If you don't do it you will forfeit this appropriation.' In an orthodox Sun-day law the State says : We want you to stop work on Sunday. If you don't do it we will bring you to trial in a court of justice.' In other words, Congress as a penalty for not closing on Sunday pro-posed to fine the Exposition instead of putting it in jail. But some one says: It could not be called a fine because the Fair had no claim on the money appropriated. It was a gift.' Then we have the specta-cle of the United States Congress taking some millions of the people's money to hire the Exposition to keep Sunday. The Exposition either had a just claim to the appropriation or it had not. If it had not, then Congress had no right to give the money. If it had a just claim to the money, then Congress had no right to make its forfeiture a penalty for Sunday opening. In whatever way you consider it Congress was using its resources of leg-islation to prevent the desecration of what was called the Christian Sabbath." Repeal the Pennsylvania Sunday Law. [In the following reprint from the Bradford Era, a Pennsylvanian gives cogent reasons why the Pennsylvania Sunday law, of 1794, should be re-pealed.] THE proposal for discussion of the question, " Ought the Sunday law of 1794 to be repealed or modified," is a shock to the sensibilities of many good people. It is enshrined in their concep-tions differently from any other law, be-cause it is related to their religion. What-ever touches that to repeal it, is an attack upon a sacred institution. To transgress the law is called a desecration. To offend to so much greater extent than transgres-sion of it, as to propose its repeal, gives an impression so instantly of an inadequacy of words to characterize it, that they merely say, " I'm shocked." The intuition of these friends of the Sunday law, perceiving at once its rela-tion to their religion, verifies my own thought, that it is a religious matter. If that thought is correct, the truth in the matter should have a bearing upon this question of repeal. It is worthy of note concerning this law, that any effort to enforce it also shocks the sensibilities. So great is the repugnance towards it that, with viola-tions continually in all sections of the State, prosecutions are not made one in a million. If one occurs, it is mentioned throughout the State and in other States, and is reflected upon as a piece of law which ought to be repealed. Those who want to cling to it, if required themselves  to execute it, will seek to deputize that to another. As much as they feel the need of a better Sabbath observance; as much as they suppose the civil law to be the proper tribunal to punish its violation when they come to test it, their sense of right protests. The exaction of a re-ligious requirement upon a fellow-man by civil penalties is a thing which their in-tuitions abhor. A PAST INCIDENT IN THE MOVEMENT. An incident in the history of this city verifies this. About two years ago some of our good people thought best to apply the Sunday law. The statute which we are discussing now was at hand for them to use. No one, however, found himself equal to the task. A plan was then devised to provide a city law by which instead of themselves, our mayor and the city police might be called upon to exe-cute it. A large petition was secured asking the city council to enact such a law. Sermons were preached in its be-half. Personal solicitations were made to the councilmen for it, and then a request was made that two of the able pastors of churches in our city be permitted to ad-dress the council in its behalf. This re-quest was granted, but with the provision that those opposed should be accorded an equal privilege. After the hearing and at a subsequent meeting, the committee having the matter in hand, reported ad-versely to the petition, saying among the reasons given, "The ordinance is framed in accordance with the act of 1794, and we believe that such a law belongs to the Dark Ages, and ought never to have been enacted. The only effect city legislation can have is to transfer the burden of en-forcing this statute from the petitioners to the city, thereby relieving themselves of the responsibility and odium of prose-cuting the offenders against this law." One member moved to report favorably instead, but there was no one to second it, and the report as read was adopted. MR. CRAFTS' EFFORT. About three months later, Rev. Wilbur Crafts came to Bradford, and worked four days to stir up the Christian people to activity on this line. Meetings were held in three of the churches. He organized a Sunday Rest-day League, the same as he is regularly occupied in oing through-out the country. This league, with a good membership, chose a president, sec-retary and treasurer, and provided for appointment of a secret committee. The members of this committee were not to be known to the general membership of the league, but only to certain designated ones. Their duties were to note who were violators of this Sunday law of 1794, and who were witnesses thereto, and to report to the other committee each week. This other committee was to proceed with the prosecution of offenders or provide there-for as might be deemed best. It is now about a year and a half since this organ-ization was effected. Mr. Crafts' paper has been coming weekly to many of the members to supply inspiration; but to the present time, I have not learned that, with all the paraphernalia, sufficient nerve has been mustered to make one prosecution under the law. The intuitions of a Christian spirit that is lighting the World has kept them against their wills that they should not do this thing. IT SHOULD BE REPEALED. Do we want to retain the law any longer among our statutes? It seems to me that its presence is a delusion to a great num-ber of good people. That the sooner it is repealed the sooner they will turn to plead from the divine law, the only law that is potent to sway men to keep holy the Sab-bath day. That the sooner this is done the sooner those who have been beguiled by it will cease beating the air, to take hold instead upon the arm of the Lord of the Sabbath, who is strong and mighty to help. The agitation in behalf of Sunday laws and petitions for them come almost alto-gether from the churches. The work of the churches in general is so good that the fact of their doing a thing creates pre-sumption in favor of it. When, however-I scrutinize this matter it seems to me a mistake on their part and a manifestation of work undeserving of them. Their efforts on this line are to require of the world a standard higher than they main-tain for themselves. Within their own domain they may require of their mem-bers to observe the day they have set apart. Notwithstanding this, instances of discipline of a member by a church for breaking that law are very few. I have not heard of one for many years. It is not because their members do not violate it, for they do. CHURCHMEN VIOLATE THE SUNDAY. They buy and read the Sunday papers on that day; they pump oil wells; they work in telegraph offices, in rail-road ticket offices, on the freight trains and in stores. The man whose name stood first on the list two years ago, petitioning for Sunday ordinance in Bradford, a few weeks later took the train one Sunday afternoon to go on a business trip to Philadelphia. The churches are not say-ing, "You can not remain with us if you do these things; ". that " you must choose between your place in the church and the continuance of so doing." Instead of this they extenuate the act, pleading that they would have to sacrifice their posi-tions and that the exigencies of the case excuse them in it. If the church justifies the thing because of exigencies, should we expect the world will consider less the exigencies that interest them? If a more lucrative place for the Christian justifies him in laying down his obligation to keep a day, will not he who is not a Christian maintain that the opportunities to him of greater financial gain justify him in dis-regarding the day ? Such a result is inevitable. The unconverted world will not maintain a standard of Sabbath ob-servance higher than the Church requires of itself. While the Church is so lax to observe the day of its own accord and re-quirement, the world will continue to be as lax to observe the external require-ment of the same thing. A BETTER SABBATH OBSERVANCE. That external requirement with us is this law of 1794. I will express my be-lief, which, I think, will accord with the conclusions of others generally, that the better observance of the Sabbath does not depend upon the retaining of this civil Sunday law, but rather that it is depend-ent upon the way Christians themselves observe it; that in the ratio as Christians for themselves shall maintain a better standard, the world will approach towards it; that in ratio as they lower the stand-ard, the world will recede from it. The thing then to be done to secure a better Sabbath observance is not by the 