AMERICAN 585 cupation was found for all, from the child of five to the aged matron not too old to hold a distaff. Idleness was a crime severely punished. The different parts of the country furnished those who were peculiarly suited to the different employments. One district supplied skillful miners, another workers in metals or wood. But no one was required to give more than a given portion of his time to public service. So no one was over-burdened, and each had time to provide for his own. A certain part of the agricultural products and of the manufactures were sent to Cuzco, for the Inca and his court; but far the greater part was stored in magazines,' established throughout the provinces. Any deficiency in the contribution to the Inca was supplied from the granaries of the sun. A part of the royal stores was removed to a third class of magazines to supply the people in years of drouth or flood, to furnish relief for the sick, thus justifying the historian's testimony that a large share of the revenues of the Inca found its way back again into the hands of the people. These storehouses were found by the Spaniards stored with maize, coca, quinia, woolen and cotton of the finest kinds, vases, and utensils of gold, silver, and copper,Šin short, every article of luxury or use. No one could be rich, no one could be poor, in Peru; but all enjoyed a competence. The most remarkable part of that great tract are the broken parts of the great roads which connected the most distant points with the great center. Over. rocky Sierras, through leagues of heavy stone, suspension bridges, stairways scaling precipices hewn in the rock, ravines filled with solid masonry,Šfifteen thousand miles of such a road as this existed. It was built of free stone covered with a cement harder than the stone itself. The art of making this cement is lost. Another kind of road on sandy land, was made beautiful by trees on either side, shading the traveler from the burning stin, and filling the air with rich perfume. By means of posts stationed five miles apart along these roads, dispatches were carried to and from all parts of the territory, at the rate of one hundred and fifty miles a day, by runners. But these sun worshipers offered no alternative to those whom they conquered. They must bow to the sun or yield to war. But they tried gentle means of conver-sion first, trying to soften the hearts of the tribes around them by acts of kindness. They allowed time for their example to have an effect, and even tried the effect of negotiation, by making presents, by all subtle arts at their command. When these failed, then only - they prepared for war. But in every stage of war, they were open to propositions of peace. Having conquered them, their next act was to introduce the worship of the sun. Then a census was taken, a division of the land taken was also made according to the plans already stated. The conquered people were consulted as to pref-erence of climate and occupation. The historian has given us some idea of their system of education. Arithmetical computations were made, registries were kept, history and poetry had their place, geography was studied, as also astronomy; and they divided the years into twelve lunar months, and the months into weeks. Architecture amongst them marked their high degree of civilization. This was superb. Some of their methods of work, perhaps, may now be classed among the lost arts. Such were the people and the country which the Spaniards found,Ša gentle race, and a people amongst whom true Christianity ought to have found deep root. It was in the year 1502 that Columbus first discovered the South American coast not far from the bay of Santa Marta. He heard of the wealth of the interior and spent a little time searching for the rich country. Reports reached Spain and new adventurers were sent out. In the year 1525 Sauta Marta was taken by the Spaniards and a fort built. Then came that greatest of wild ad--venturers, Pizarro. With nothing behind him but death and imprisonment, he could well afford to risk all rather than return to Spain unsuccessful. His first voyages along the coast were successful enough to give great hope to the crown of what he could yet do, and so once more he returned to conquer that happy people, in the name of Spain and the cross. Having won the simple hearted people by gifts and kindness on his first voyage, they were totally unpre-pared for his treachery a few years later. He had ex-plained to some of the natives he met on that first voy-age that he represented a greater power than the Inca, and a religion better than theirs. This report together with a description of the fair men had reached the ears of the Inca, who made the prediction that the nation would ere many years be conquered by a strange people, and died believing this. Before dying he made the great-est mistake an Inca could have made. He broke for the first time the law of inheritance among the Incas, and divided the kingdom into two parts, one to the legiti-mate heir and the other to a favorite son by a favorite wife. The Inca himself could have a plurality of wives. Five years afterward, the two brothers were at war with oue another, and the downfall of the Incas was insured. Of all the hardships suffered by Pizarro and his follow-ers, of the time employed in gaining court favor, his gifts of gold and silver and other products of South America, I must leave the reader to learn from the historian. It is my purpose only to show the methods of warfare pur-sued by these Christian(?) representatives of a Chris-tian(?) religion, in conquering this peace loving, harm-less people. From the historian I have drawn largely, in describing their happy, peace loving life, that the reader may realize more fully the comparison between that people and the present Indian population of the same countries. 