398 "I'1=1B AMERICAN SENTINEL, and control the policing of the city. In this city Rev. Dr. Parkhurst has thrown down the gauntlet, without reservation, and the war between himself and his so-ciety, and Police Superintendent Byrnes is now to the death. ° The war is certainly on already, in not k few phases. It is a contest for secta-rian supremacy over Congress, the World's Fair and the Nation, for supremacy over other sects, and for control, of the policing and municipal government of cities. This is a new revolution. The aristoc-racy of religion is making it coup d'etat. w. H. M. A Congressman's Impudence.. CONGRESSMAN MORSE of Massachusetts has written an open letter to Bishop Potter which is a regular curiosity in its way, coming as it does from a member of Con-gress to one of the most prominent eccle-siastics in the country. The Congressman writes to the Bishop, as follows :Š To the Rt. Rev. Bishop Potter. REVEREND SIR: All the members of Congress are in receipt of a very adroitly written letter signed by the President of the World's Columbian Expo-sition at Chicago, giving reasons for and asking for the repeal of the proviso accompanying the appro-priation of two and one-half millions by Congress, providing for the closing of the Exposition on the Lord's day. This letter is remarkable for what it does not say. First, it does not say that the petitions asking for the repeal were circulated largely by the liquor dealers of Chicago, anticipating a harvest from the thousands of additional patrons who would be brought to the city from the surrounding towns and cities on the Lord's day. Secondly, it is entirely silent in regard to hun-dreds of excursion trains that would be run in Chi-cago on the Lord's day, bring a motley crowd of Sabbath breakers, requiring the labor of thousands of additional employees on the railroads, who have petitioned against the Sunday opening. This petition is entirely silent in regard to the fact that the unanimous voice of the churches and Christian people of Chicago (at least of the Prot-estant churches) is opposed to Sunday opening. It is silent also in relation to the fact that thou-sands, if not millions, of our countrymen, and these certainly the best of our citizens, petitioned Con-gress for the Sunday closing proviso. I write this letter to say that the communication to which I have referred addressed to members of Congress, by inference at least, represents you as in favor of such Sunday opening, and uses your name as an endorser. Will you kindly advise me whether such use of your name is authorized by you ? The awful scourge known as the Asiatic cholera is at our door. God only knows what the next twelve months may develop, or who will be its victims. In this presence can we afford to offend the Al-mighty by a national sanction of the desecration of the Lord's day, that we were commanded to observe amid thunderings and lightnings from Sinai ? The circular is very adroit. It proposes to throw a sop to the Almighty for the desecration of his day by Sunday trains and requiring thousands of er--ployees to work, by giving an opportunity on alte., nate Sundays for different kinds of religious servic' in some part of the ground. It proposes to com-pensate the thousands of employees who would be required to work on that day by giving them some other day in the week. I can not but believe that this circular does you an injustice. Whether it does or no, I trust the good people of this country will continue to petition and pray the Almighty to save us from being num-bered among and sharing the fate of the States and nations that disobey and forged God, and a national sanction of the desecration of the Lord's day will be a long step in that direction. Very respectfully, ELIJAH A. MORSE. Canton, Mass., Dee. 9. This letter emphasizes the action of Congress in deciding that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that it must be kept by closing the Fair upon that day. Not only has Congress assumed to decide this question, but a member of that body takes it upon himself to practically read out of the Christian Church a prominent minister who thinks that the Fair might be con- sistently kept open on Sunday. Thus again is fealty to Sunday not only made the test of Christianity but adherence to certain forms of Sunday observance is de- clared to be necessary to entitle one to recognition as a Christian. And not only so but the thnnderbolts of God's wrath are invoked against those who do not honor Sunday according to Mr. Morse's ideas of propriety. Sunday is absolutely without any stand-ing in the Bible. That book knows it only as an ordinary working day, but lo ! under the leadership of the. so-called American Sabbath Union, the popular churches of the country have made its observance, and that in a particular way, the great and all-important element of Christianity, THE test of Christian fellowship ! And Congress has become their allies in this matter, and a member of Congress takes it upon himself to instruct in this regard a prominent Bishop of a prominent branch of the Church ! IMPUDENCE REBUKED. SINCE the foregoing was put in type, Bishop Potter has sent the following reply to Mr. Morse :Š Hon. Elijah A. Morse. MY DEAR SIR: The use of my name in the circu-lar to which your letter of December 9 refers, was not authorized by me, and if you had been gov-erned by the courtesies which obtain among gentle-men, you would have given me an opportunity to say so before attacking me in the public prints. As it is, the course you have seen fit to take puts it out of my power to reply to your letter, further than to say that if you make public use of this note, I must request that you do so without mutila- tion or abbreviation. Very truly yours. H. C. POTTER. New York, Dec. 13, 1898. The caution that the note be not ab-breviated or mutilated is not out of place. The ultra Sunday-closer will bear watch- ing. C. P. B. A Methodist " Protest." " THE Constitution of the United States declares the people to be sovereign; Pope Leo XIII. claims to be sovereign. The Constitution guarantees freedom and jus-tice; the Pope attacks and tries to break down all guarantees of freedom. The Constitution forbids Congress to establish any religion; papacy demands that it alone be established by law. The Constitution guarantees freedom of speech and press; papacy denounces both as a pest and a pestilence. The Constitution guarantees a fair trial by jury; papacy urges and em-ploys the secret tribunals of the Inquisi-tion. The Constitution forbids cruel and excessive penalties; papacy demands tor-ture and death for heretics and claims the right to inflict it. Is this the kind of patriots the Roman parochial school makes ?" The foregoing clipped from the Chicago Evening Post, of November 28, is an ex-tract from a paper on " Roman Cathol-icism and the public schools " read by Rev. J. J. Tobias, pastor of Lincoln St. Methodist Episcopal Church of that city, before the Methodist minister's meeting. Apparently it is a very honest and able protest against the encroachments of a power dominated by ideas foreign to the spirit of our American institutions, but the record of the " Protestant " denom-ination represented by the reverend gentle-man destroys much of its force. Hear him as he declares that " the Constitution forbids Congress to establish any religion;  papacy demands that it alone be estab-ished." When has the Roman Catholic Church demanded more in the matter of religious legislation than the Methodist Episcopal Church? Has not the Methodist Church until its last General Conference received for its religious work, money appropriated by Congress. Has she not worked for the appointment of Methodist army chap- lains? Has she not in company with other professedly Protestant bodies de-manded the passage of Sunday laws? Has not Methodism again and again made herself felt in the matter of elections and appointments to office? While Rome has made herself exceed-ingly obnoxious to every patriotic son of America, who dwells under the protection of the stars and stripes, she has not med- dled in politics to the extent that Method- ism and her so-called Protestant sisters have. Alas, what a pitiable spectacle ! The Methodist Church, once the pride of every devout Christian, now playing the cats-paw for Rome; spending her time and energies to compel Congress to pass a law that will fix on free America the badge of the Papacy, the special mark of Roman Catholic authorityŠthe heathen holiday, Sunday. The Roman Catholic Church is not making much of a stir in regard to thiS, matter, but why should she when her for-mer bitter enemies, her own daughters, are doing the work for, her? " The Constitution guarantees freedoni and justice; the Pope attacks and tries to: break down all guarantees of freedom." While no right thinking man will deny that Rome in all ages has been the enemy of freedom of thought and speech, the foe' of progress, the persecutor of those whom she is pleased to term " heretics," yet will the Rev. Mr. Tobias claim that Method-ism has entirely cleared herself of this characteristic of her mother ? Has Methodism never censured or op-posed those in her communion who pre-sumed to think or speak contrary to her standards? For an instance of the spirit of the Roman Catholic Church in the Methodist body, consider the case of Rev. W. E. White, of Washington, D. C. Some time ago, the gentleman attended some meetings held under the auspices of another denomination, and after a time accepted at least part of their views as being more scriptural than the doctrines he had held up to that time. Not long afterwards, in the midst of a meeting in his own church, he was notified that he was not needed, and was dismissed with-out a ghost of an investigation or trial; without being given an opportunity of defending himself or the position he had taken on the basis of Scripture, which Methodists claim to be the " only and suf-ficient" rule of practice. This is not an attack upon the Meth-odist Church, but must be considered as an examination of Rev. Mr. Tobias' ar-guments in the light of facts. What is here said of that body of people is more or less true of all " Protestant " denom-inations. They are all playing into the hands of Rome. The Constitution does guarantee free-dom; look at the freedom " enjoyed " by the Sabbath-keepers of Tennessee ! If Mr. Tobias will direct his attention to the movements at Rock Hall, Kent County, Md., he will see an example of the, kind of freedom enjoyed by people who pre-sume to believe differently from the 