AMERICAN SENTINEL. 253' TO OCR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or cain is sent, register the letter. ..A.M RICAN S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months - .50. " " Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. "The Children Love that Book," IS WHAT A CAREFUL MOTHER SAID ABOUT Desire of Ages. What! Is it possible that a book with nearly 900 pages, full of the story of the sayings and doings of Jesus while here on the earth, can be of that simple char-acter as to be interesting to children from six to twelve years old, and at the same time contain such wonderful revelations of divine truth as to inspire in men and women of deep Christian experience a love for the book surpassed by none except that for the Bible itself? Yes; this is true as many can testify. The mechanical construction of the book is an achievement of rare merit. More than 300 excellent pic-tures illustrating as many salient points, and trite say-ings of the Master, embellish the work. It is bound in four styles, at prices ranging from $3.50 to $7.00. For further information address the publishers. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. BIBLES. WE sell Bibles of all kinds, but we have a very few copies of the Variorum Teachers' Edition, which everybody knows is a fine thing in the way of a Bible, as it gives "various renderings and readings from the best  authorities." It has copious teachers' helps, Concord-ance, excellent maps, etc., etc., bound in fine leather, divinity circuit, kid lined to edge,-red under gold edges, with large clear type. It is really a handsome book and worth all we ask for it. The regular price is $10, but we will send it postpaid to those who speak first for Size 1%x7x9. A rare chance. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. CHILD-CONFIDENCE REWARDED This little book shows the practical results of teaching the truth to children in regard to the origin of life. "Unique and valuable."ŠFrances E. Willard. "I am delighted with it. "ŠKatherine Lente Stevenson, Chicago. "The truths taught in this little 10-cent booklet would, if lived out by the mothers of America, revolutionize society, and do more for social purity than any amount of reform work."ŠIlluminator, New York. "Every mother, young or old, should read this little book."ŠMrs. Sarah L. Cilley-Teetor, Cor. Sec. Colo. W. C. T. U., Denver, Colo. "It should be in the hands of mothers of young children everywhere. The good it will do is incalculable, for within its few pages it gives clear and practical instructions as to preserving child-purity of thought, _ while answering in chaste language questions in regard to the origin of life."ŠEmily S. Bouton, Toledo Blade. "We would like to see this pamphlet placed in every family in which children are being reared."ŠThe Esoteric, December, '96. "'Child-Confidence Rewarded.' Best book on this subject ever written." M. B. Miles, Agent of Western Railway Weighing Association and Inspection Bureau, Denver, Colo. "This little work is of inestimable value to every mother of growing boys and girls, and should be in every such mother's hands."ŠPacific Health Journal. Price, postpaid, 10 cents. Postage stamps accepted. -ALSIOST A WOMAN.-lpsie" Every mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into wom-anhood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction. They neglect this duty; in-validism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary instruc-tion, in the form of a mother's talk with her daughter. Read what a few have said about it :Š "Your little book, 'Almost a Woman,' can hardly fail to meet with a warm welcome from puzzled teachers and parents, and to be of great value to thousands of young girls."ŠMay H. Prentice, Training Teacher Cleveland Normal School. "My satisfaction with this little book increased with every page. It is just what young girls need, and supplies a want long felt by mothers, the presentation, in well-chosen language, of what girls ought to know, but which mothers find difficulty in telling."ŠAbby Mortor Diatz, Woman's Educational and Industrial Union, Boston, Mass. "I received your little booklet, 'Almost a Woman,' and upon read-ing it was delighted with the subject matter, and the manner in which it was handled. I placed it in the hands of my daughters, eleven and thirteen years of age, and am sure it will be of the greatest benefit to them for many years to come. I wouldn't have had them fail to receive this information for many dollars. Please accept my greatest thanks for the book, and my gratitude as a mother of girls that you were in-spired to write this book."ŠMinnie B. Horning, Nat'l Supt. Press Dept. W. C. T. U., Chicago, Price, postpaid, - - 25 cents. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. 