THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 15 nation of their taking off of these children?"Šwho, in the language of Southey, are not so much born into the world as -damned into the world, damned and predestined, as it were, to live lives of disease and degradation because of the drink in the midst of which they are brought up, and of which they have the hered-itary taint in their very veins? Must children year after year in these our Christian landsŠin England at any rate, if not in AmericaŠpass through the fire to this Moloch, in numbers infinitely greater than were ever burned in the alley of Hinnom? [Applause.] I, for One, cannot but feel deep pity for all these, and I feel pity for England, which, for two centuries, has been writhing in the dark places of these licensed temptationsŠpity not only for En-gland, but for the whole race of mankind, which is,  raising .up the cry of anguish from every polluted continent, which yet cherishes and even fondles in its bosom this venomous and deadly asp. Alas! of every curse I have ever heard of, this is a curse in which the en-tail might be cut off in this very generation. And yet the race of man, bewildered by epi-grams, baffled by sophistries, blinded by con-ceit, seduced by pleasure, and rendered callous by greed, goes on enjoying and even rewarding the production of this fatal cause of evil among themselves, until one is forced to cry, "Let the heavens burst and drown with deluge of rain the feeble vassals of lust and wine."ŠCanon Farrar's Speech in New York. Ł God in the Constitution. THIS phrase, now of common occurrence, savors strongly of irreverence; but genuine reverence for the Supreme Being must be ex-pected to greatly decline when his existence and attributes are made a political question, to be bandied about in stump speeches, and recognized on coercion. It is a growing ques-tion in the nation at large. The following is part of a brief speech of Mr. Broomall, of Del-aware County, Pennsylvania, on the question of incorporating the proposed amendment into the Constitution of that State.,  It is worthy of attentive reading and careful consideration: ," First, the words reported by the committee have no use there, no proper function. To those who believe in a Supreme Being, and I trust we all doŠthere may be those who do not, but I confess that I have not met themŠto those who believe in a Supreme Being, the phrase is useless, is unmeaning. To those who do not (and while I doubt whether there are those who do not, I am not prepared to deny the possibility of their existence),Što those who do not, it is untrue. To all of us it is a mere mockery; it is a pretense of something that I am afraid our proceedings too often show we do not always feel. " Let us bear in mind that we are proposing, not to change the Constitution ourselves, but to submit certain propositions to the people for their adoption or rejection. Are gentlemen willing to submit to a majority of ballots the question of the existence and attributes of the Deity? I am not. What a question it is ! The being and attributes of the Creator ; the existence of a lawgiver above all legislators; of  a law above all human laws,Ša law that sets aside all human laws when they conflict with it,Ša law that binds the individual, not as a member of society, but as a man, and that commands him not to obey the civil law when it conflicts with this higher law! We propose to submit to a majority of ballots these great questions, whether there be a Ruler of the universe, and whether we are responsible for our conduct to that Ruler of the universe! " To what tribunal do you propose to submit these great questions ? We have heard that tribunal characterized here. Gentlemen have spoken of that tribunal in a way that would make us hesitate to submit any question to it, no matter what. How has the election mob of Philadelphia been characterized ? In what language has it been spoken of here? Gentle-men have risen on this floor and denounced the decision of a Philadelphia election mob in lan-guage that would make one afraid for his coun-try, lest self-government should prove a failure; and you propose to submit these great ques-tions to the decision of that tribunal. You propose to let a Philadelphia election mob set-tle for all of us the question whether there is or is not a great Judge in whose court we are all responsible for our conduct. Just imag-ine such a question submitted to such a tri-bunal! In all of the grog shops of the city, this question is to be debated and talked about. It is to be settled there; it is to be decided there; and Christianity must submit to the decision, whatever it be! " Who asks that this question should be de-cided in our organic law at all? Who asks those questions to be decided here? Who sub-mits to us the question? Who authorizes us to settle it ? How can any delegate dare decide for his constituents whether there be a God and whether they owe him responsibility for their conduct? Who asks this decision ? Whom will it bind ? Do gentlemen who advocate this proposition say that they have authority from the Being most interested in the question, if we are to believe their doctrine, to suffer that ques-tion to be raised here, 'and decided by an elec-tion mob ? Do they pretend to say that that great Being has authorized them to submit his power and his existence to that kind of a tribunal ? "Sir, it is quite time, at this late day, that it were understood that Christianity asks no aid from human governments; that religion can stand a great deal of crushing out without being injured; but when it is taken to the arms of the civil power, it falls degraded and dishonored. It was for this reason, and after the experience of centuries, that our forefathers divorced for-ever all church and State, and suffered religion to stand where it should stand,Šupon the con-sciences and convictions of men! "Look at the history of the world, and see whether we dare propose to return to the old state of things! What was the condition of ,Christianity before the Roman emperors allied it to the Government? As pure an emanation from Heaven as ever blessed the earth. What was it after? A very demon of hell! And it is so always. Wherever religion rests where alone it was intended-to rest, upon the consciences and convictions of men, there it is an angel of  purity; wherever it is joined with the civil arm and rests upon coercion, it is a curse to the country in which it is." There is Danger in It. THE Christian Statesman once published a quotation a column long from a sermon by Dr. Talmage, upon the subject of God in our pol-itics and in our Government. To the supposed objection that there is somebody that does not believe in God, the preacher replies:Š " Well, my friends, there are a great many people who do not believe in chastity, a great many who do not believe in the sanctity of the marriage relation, a great many who do not believe in the rights of property, a great many people who do not believe in any style of gov-ernmentŠpeople who would rob and steal and murder. Do you refuse to make laws against criminals because they are criminals? Will you refuse to recognize God in the Government affairs because there are men who do not be-lieve in God ?" We yield to nobody in our love of the Bible and Christianity; in our reverence for God and regard for his authority. But we protest against that persecuting spirit, so foreign to true Christianity, which places an unbeliever, because he is an unbeliever, on a level with adul-terers, thieves, and murderers. There was a time when "the church " declared that " her-esy is the highest crime." Do we wish to re- turn to such a state of things ? We are fast drifting in that direction. We believe in making "laws against crimi-nals because they are criminals," but for no other reason. We do not believe that heresy, or unbelief, or infidelity, is a crime with which human laws have anything to do. To set up such a standard of crime is menacing to our liberties, both civil and religious. These peo-ple may succeed in thus subverting our lib- erties, but the effort will bring trouble on all and ruin to its promoters. THE religious wars and persecutions of Eu- rope in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, were a training school for the political inde-pendence of the United States of America in the eighteenth century. Diverse and seemingly incongruous as were the nationalities repre-sented in the colonies,ŠDutch, French, Ger- man, Swedish, Scotch, Irish, English,Šthey had all imbibed, either by experience or by inherit- ance, something of the spirit of personal inde-pendence, and especially of religious liberty. Gustavus Adolphus designed his colony of Swedes for the benefit of " all oppressed Chris-tendom." Penn, the Quaker, established Penn- sylvania as "a free colony for all mankind," where the settlers "should be governed by laws of their own making." The first charter of the JerseysŠwhich were largely peopled by Quakers and Scotch and Irish PresbyteriansŠdeclared that " No person shall at' any time, in any way, or on any pretense, be called in ques-tion, or in the least punished or hurt, for opin-ion in religion." And Oglethorpe's Colony of Georgia was founded to be a refuge for "the distressed people of Britain, and the persecuted Protestants of Europe; " then the German Mo-ravian settled side by side with the French Huguenot and the Scotch Presbyterian, under the motto, "We toil not for ourselves, but for others."ŠTozon$M4'0 Qld  World and New.. 