THE .A1VIERICAN SENTINEL. 229 not wish to have his children brought under such instruction, it should not be forced upon him. Such a course cannot result in any good. So; in all matters pertaining to religious obligation, the law may compel a hypo-critical observance of its provision, but it cannot render men pure and acceptable to God. The Lord has not delegated his work to Caesar. Let the Bible be upheld by our churches; let it be exemplified by Christians; let it be urged upon the con-sciences of men by its friends; but let the law-  keep its hands 'off from those duties which pertain to man's relation to God. Every man must form a character for morality and truth, and meet it in the Judgment. As he alone will be held to account, so he must be free to act." A Parallel. WoEI unto you scribes and Pharisees, hypocrite's ! because ye build the tombs of the prophets, and garnish the sepulchres of the righteous, and say, If, we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets." These words, ut-tered so many centuries ago, have never lost their force. They are just as appli-cable in our day, and there is the same spirit for them to rebuke now as was man-ifeSted then. It is very natural to see others' farilts. It is so easy to say, " If we had only been in those days or in their place, we would not have done as they did." The scribes and Pharisees could look back on the acts of their impious fathers and condemn their course for slaying the prophets and killing those that were sent unto thenr, while at the same time they were only ,waiting for a good opportunity to stain their hands with the blood of the Son of God. The same spirit was shown by the Romish Church, who, while she con-demned those wicked Jews for crucifying the Lord, at the same time crucified him millions of times in the person of his saints, all through the long Dark Ages. We look with horror on the wholesale work of slaughter done by the Inquisition, while at the same time in our own Nation a large organization is formed, and its numbers are swelling every year, whose sole purpose is to do the very thing that will cause to be re-enacted the same scenes in our country ,as were enacted by Rome in her days of power. The adherents of this movement by styling themselves Na-tional Reformers virtually admit that they consider themselves as better than their fathers. They claim to 1;10 laboring for the good of the Nation; but like the Phar-isees of old they fail to see that they are only following the same course they are so free to condemn in others. , History repeats itself ; because human nature is the same in all ages, and always  will be, and we can avoid making the mistakes that others have made only by firmly adhering to principle and right. If we would honor those who established this Nation and those who have preserved it, let us remember that these noble, un-selfish men bought with their blood, bless-ings of liberty and peace that we have no right to recklessly throw away. Such a move as is set on foot by the National Reformers should stir up every true American to work to forever pre-serve the blessings of " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." S. 0. LANE A Cardinal on Sunday Observance. ACCORDING to the Mail and Express of the 8th inst., " Cardinal Gibbons, in regard to the sacredness of the Sabbath, and the desecration' of the day by base-ball and kindred sports, has this to say : " I think that Sunday should be first of all a day devoted to religious worship, and, second, to inno-cent and healthful recreation, as being the only day in which the great masses of the people have time to seek relaxation from their work. The danger is in the excess either way, and I entirely agree with Dr. Weld (pastor of the First Independent Christ's Church) in deprecating the closing of our art galleries, libraries, etc. absolutely, to the public, presupposing that a certain portion of the day is set apart for religious exercises. I think that any recreation that will contribute to the physical, mental, and moral benefit and en-joyment of the masses should be encouraged. I think that baseball is a game that is in conflict with the quiet decorum and tranquillity that should char-acterize the observance of the Lord's day, and is tooŁ violent an exercise to be conducive to such harmony. This much the Mail and Express quoted from the Cardinal, but neglected to inform its readers that he also said Whatever may be the abuse arising from Sun-day baseball, I regard the baseball players and ob-servers of the game as far less responsible than those who utter from the pulpit on the Lord's day unjust and uncharitable statements about their neighbor. The Christian Sunday is not to be con-founded with the Jewish or even the Puritan Sabbath. This is a cut direct at the pet theories of the Mail and Express and the Ameri-can Sabbath Union. Their design is to enforce Sunday-keeping on the basis of the fourth commandment. This idea the Cardinal repudiates, maintaining as all Catholics do that Sunday is an institution of the Church. " The Church," he says, " desires us on that day to be cheerful without dissipation, grave and religious without sadness and melancholy. She forbids,' indeed, all unnecessary servile work on that day, but as the Sabbath was made for man and not man for the Sab-bath, she allows such work whenever charity or necessity may demand it. As it is a day consecrated not only to religion but to relaxation of mind and body, she permits us to spend a portion of it in innocent recreation." The Mail and Ex-press is less tolerant than the Cardinal,  and the church which he represents, and would invoke the strong arm of the civil law to restrain the people from even those amusements that the Roman Catholic Church, which, according to her own rep-resentation, is the mother of the Sunday institution, freely permits. The Mail and Express, and the associa-tion of which its proprietor is president, are largely, if not wholly, responsible for the continued Sunday closing of the Metropoli-tan Art Gallery, and the Museum of Natural History, in this city, by which thousands of poor people are deprived of the privilege of ever looking upon the beautiful and instructive things which they contain, and which are supposed to be for the benefit of the public, not simply for the gratification of those who are able to take a day off occasionally to look at them. The Cardinal, the Mail and Express, and the American Sabbath Union are, how-ever, all agreed that if it is competent for the State to require Sunday observance, and this is, after all, the all-important point; those who agree on this are not likely to disagree very widely in regard to detail. C. P. B. Sentiment and Character. IT is often said that laws, to be effective, must be backed up by public sentiment. This is true only where such sentiment is the genuine reflection of solidly built character. Character excels sentiment as far as light excels darkness. Sentiment is as capricious as the winds; rightly built character is as fixed as the hills. It is easy enough to create sentiment; it is a task to build up character. Sentiment' can be created in a day; it requires time and careful training to build up character. Therefore it is only when sentiment is the genuine reflection of rightly built char-acter, that it is worth anything in support of law or anything else.- When sentiment predominates over character, and so runs to sentimentalism, it will support any-thing that is popular or fashionable, and is therefore worthless, if not worse than worthless. For instance, when in his old age Louis XIV. became religious, it was his will likewise that all others should be religious. He therefore required all about him to observe the duties enjoined by the church. Those who showed themselves conspicuously pious were rewarded " with blue ribands, invitations to Marli, govern-ments, pensions, and regiments." The result is thus described :Š Forthwith Versailles became, in everything but dress, a convent. The pulpits, and confessionals were surrounded by swords and embroidery. The marshals of France were much in prayer ; and there was hardly one among the dukes and peers who did not carry good little books in his pocket, fast during Lent, and communicate at Easter. Madame de Maintenon, who had ,a great share in the blessed work, boasted that devotion had become quite the fashion. That was sentiment; but there was no 