52 A.NII1Ed CA.INT VOL. 8, No. I. Extract from Address of A. T. Jones Before the House Committee on World's Fair for Repeal of Sunday Legislation. THREE distinct considerations in the Constitution of the United States forbid Congress to touch this question. The first is well defined by George Bancroft in a letter which he wrote to Dr. Philip Schaff, August 30, 1887, which reads as follows :Š My Dear Dr. Schaff: I have yours of the 12th. By the Constitution no power is held by Congress except such as shall have been granted to it. Con-gress, therefore from the beginning, was as much without the power to make a law respecting the es-tablishment of religion as it is now after the amendment has been passed. The power had not been granted, and therefore did not exist, for Con-gress has no powers except such as are granted; but a feeling has got abroad that there should have been a bill of Rights, and therefore to satisfy the craving, a series of articles were framed in the na-ture of a bill of Rights, not because such a declara-tion was needed, but because the people wished to see certain principles distinctly put forward as a part of the Constitution. The First Amendment, so far as it relates to an establishment of religion, was proposed without passion, accepted in the sev-eral States without passion, and so found its place as the opening words of the amendments in the quietest manner possible. GEORGE BANCROFT. This is shown by the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution which says that " the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." As no power has been granted to Congress on the subject of religion, that is reserved to the States or to the people. That is where we ask that this should be left,Šjust where the Constitution has left it. It is a question reserved to the States. It is for the State of Illinois alone, so far as any State can have anything to say upon the subject, to say whether the Fair shall be opened or shut on Sunday. If the State of Illinois should not say anything on the subject, it is still left with the people. It is for the people, in their own capacity as such, to act as they please in the matter, without any interference or dictation by Congress. Not only is that so on that point, but if the Constitution had not said a word on the subject of religion, there would have been no power in Congress to touch this question. But the people have spoken; the Constitution has spoken, and denied the right of the United States Govern-ment to touch the question, and has re-served that right to the States or to the people. Not only did it do that, but it went further, and actually prohibited the Government of the United States from touching the question. This lack of power would have been complete and total with-out the prohibition, because the powers not delegated are reserved. But they went further, and not only reserved this power, but expressly prohibited Congress from exercising it. It is trebly unconsti-tutional for Congress to touch the ques-tion. It was so at the beginning of the Government, and this is why we insist that this legislation shall be undone, and it be left where the Constitution has left it,Što the States or to the people. Mr. Houk,Ša member of the Commit-tee,ŠThe language of the Constitution, I believe, is that Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of reli-gion. Mr. Jones,ŠI was going to follow this question a little further, and notice that amendment. The amendment does not read as it is often misquoted, " Congress  shall make no law respecting the establish-ment of religion;" but " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." There are two meanings in this clause. When the Constitution was made, all that it said upon this subject was that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." Some of the States had established religions at the time; I think all except Virginia. Vir-ginia had released herself in a campaign directly touching this question. The first part of the clause was intended to prohibit Congress from making any law respecting any of those religions which were estab-lished already in those States, and the sec-ond part of the clause prohibits Congress from touching the subject of religion on its own part, in any way. In the State of Vir-ginia, from 1776 Šwith the exception of the interval when the war was the high-est,Što December 26, 1787, there was a campaign conducted over the same ques-tion that is now involved in this legisla-tion. The English Church was the estab-lished church in Virginia, and the Pres-byterians, and Quakers, and the Baptists sent a memorial to the General Assembly of Virginia, asking that as the Colonies had declared themselves free and inde-pendent of British rule in civil things, so the State of Virginia should declare itself free from British rule in religious things, and that they should not be taxed to sup-port a religion which they did not believe, nor even any religion which they did believe. And the English Church was disestablished. Then a movement was made to establish the Christian religion, and legislate in favor of the Christian religion, by passing a bill establishing a provision for teachers of that religion. Madison and Jefferson took the opposition to that bill, and by vigorous efforts, defeated it, and in its place secured the passage of a bill establishing religious freedom in Virginia, which is the model of all the State Constitutions from that day to this, on the subject of religion and the State. Now then, that campaign in Virginia against the establishment of the Christian religion there, embodied the same princi-ple that is involved in this legislation of to-day, and as that was distinctly shut out, so we ask that this shall be also, and Congress put the Government back to the place where it was before and where it belongs. Madison went right out of that campaign into the convention which formed the Constitution of the United States, and carried with him into that convention the principles which he had advocated in that campaign, and put those principles into the United States Consti-tution ; and the intention of all was, and is, that Congress shall have nothing at all to do with the subject of religion or reli-gious observances. Washington in 1797, made a treaty with Tripoli, which explicitly declared that "the Government of the United States is not in any sense founded upon the Chris-tian religion." And when Congress has legislated upon this question with direct reference to the Christian religion, therein again it has gone contrary to the express intent of those who made the Constitution and established the supreme law, as ex-pressed in their own words. And for this reason we ask that the thing shall be un-done, and Congress put the Government right back where it was before that legis- lation was established, and leave the ques-tion where it belongs. The Constitution prohibits this legisla-tion ; and when the Constitution prohibits it, then ought not the legislation to be undone? Extract from the Speech of Mayor Washburne Before the House Committee. MR. CHAIRMAN and Gentlemen of the Committee : I was but recently notified that I might be called upon to speak be-fore this committee. The subject is one of such vast interest, touching as it does the welfare of nine-tenths of our popula-tion, I do not feel at liberty to decline to speak for want of proper preparation. The issue now raised, in order that it may be intelligently settled, must be clearly drawn and distinctly understood. It is not a question of abstract right or wrong, it is a question touching the absolute right of a vast majority of our entire population,' now numbering over sixty millions of people, to enjoy the benefits of this great international Exposition. It is also a question whether the Gov-ernment of the United States will keep its faith with the nations of the world of all races and religions, which is contained in the invitation to join with us in this great international Exposition. The preamble of the act of Congress passed April 25, 1890, creating the World's Columbian Exposition says : " Whereas such an exhibition should be of a national and international character so that not only the people of our Union and this continent, but those of all nations as well can participate, and should therefore have the sanction of the United States, there-fore be it enacted, etc." When your honorable body used the words, "the people of our Union," noth-ing less was meant, nor can these words be made to cover less than the entire peo-ple, and if it be our entire people for whom this exhibition has been created you must so legislate as to benefit a ma-jority of those for whom you created this enterprise. You should not now legis-late so as to deprive a majority of its bene-fits. If you legislate in favor of ten mil-lions of those who protest against a Sun-day opening, although they may be more numerous in this capital, and their voices may be the loudest in demands, you will not have complied with your obligations and the assurances you have held out, nor met the demands of the less noisy but more numerous fifty millions of people. Moreover this Exhibition created by Con-gress is in the act of its creation declared to be of international character " so that not only the people of our Nation and this continent, but those of all nations as well can participate." This Exhibition is to be the work of all the peoples of every race and creed. The Mohammedan, and Hindoo, the people of China and Japan, all of whom know nothing, of our Sabbath, the Jews who observe another day, the peoples of Europe who regard Sunday as a day of recreation, people without creed or religion as well as people of every creed and religion, will participate in this Exposition. To keep our faith with all these. people, this Exposition must be managed and conducted in all respects as iiear, as may be upon a common ground upon which all may come together. it is not Christian nations or people that you have invited but all nations, 