164 AMMItiCA.N SE.NPINVIL. VOL. 9, Ni. 21`. what must be the effect of such facts, and of their recognition and statement at the seat of Government, in the very halls of legislation ? Men felt before, however mistakenly does not matter, that they were the victims of grave wrongs, that they had just cause of complaint and just grounds upon which to demand redress of grievances; but how must they feel now ? when instead of being granted a hearing by their representatives they are treated as trespassers and criminals and are sub-jected to indignity and injustice ? Are not the most serious consequences likely to ensue ? Yea, unless conditions speedily change, must they not inevitably ensue ? Is not our nation resting upon a volcano ready to break and overwhelm it in social and political ruin ? There is a grave danger in the Coxey movement in its entirety, but grave as it is a greater danger lurks in the paternal theory of Government which is responsible for it. Paternalism is a cause; Coxeyism is only an effect. Government is established only as a ' conservator of human rights. Govern-ment does not create wealth; its province is not to distribute wealth; it does not even possess wealth independently of the people, for all that it possesses comes from the people; hence what Government gives to one it must take from another. Coxey's demand for good roads to be constructed in the various States by the general Gov-ernment, is only a demand that the general Government shall by taxation confiscate a portion of the property of one class of citizens to distribute in the form of wages among the members of another class. The scheme is chimerical and mis- chievous, but it is not our purpose to dis-cuss it at this time. We wish simply to call attention to facts as they exist, and to connect them with the inspired declara-tion that "in the last days perilous times shall come." 2 Tim. 3: 1. Such times have come. There is peril on every hand; peril to life and property, to civil society and to the Church of God, to the individ-ual and to the body politic. Thereiis peril on land and on sea. In storm and flood, in calamities by land and by sea the year 1893 was the most disastrous ever known, and 1894 threatens to be as prolific as its predecessor in those things which cause men to quail in terror as before superior forces. The Mail and Express, of May 10, has this in its editorial columns:Š Ten Thousand Victims. When Matthew, the apostle, declared that " there shall be earthquakes in divers places " he added that "all these are the beginning of sorrows." That was long ago, but . , . to-day, as in the olden time, there are earthquakes in divers places. Last month these direst of nature's convulsions were shaking arid rending Japan. Afterward historic Greece suffered from seismic shocks of the most appalling nature, which are perhaps not yet ended. On the day that the first of these calamities affrighted Greece a shock was felt at Colon and other places on the Isthmus of Panama. To-day we have the news of the most appalling earthquake of the present year. Venezuela has been the scene of its work, and the cities of Merida, La-gunillas, Chiguara, and San Juan, in the northwestern portion of that country, are reported to have been wholly destroyed. More woful than the obliteration of these cities is the assertion that ten thousand people have lost their lives. The details of this greatest of calamities have not been received. All that is known is that the earthquake occurred at 11 o'clock at night. Probably nearly all the victims were asleep, and were precipitated from the slumber of rest into that which knows no terrestrial waking. The human mind can conceive no more terrible occurrence than this. The unfortunate people were resting from their work of the day wrapped in slum-ber, all unconscious of danger. The subterranean forces of nature made one effort and these ten thous-and Men, women, and children passed from life to  death in the twinkling of an eye. The lot of the living friends and relatives is almost as lamentable. True they have life, but most of that which makes life valuable has gone. Some are the sole survivors of families. Others are suffering from grievous injuries, They live but are without means of livelihood. They appeal to the charity of the world, which must be quickly given to make it effective. This calamity takes first place among the disasters of this woful year. When Matthew, the apostle, wrote the words quoted, he was simply recording the declaration of our Lord. The disciples had asked Jesus two questions, namely, when should Jerusalem be destroyed, and what should be the sign of his second com-ing and of the end of the world. Among the signs given were those referred to by the Mail and Express. Luke gives addi-tional particulars (21 : 25, 26) :Š There shall be signs in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars; and upon the earth distress of na-tions, with perplexity; the sea and the waves roaring; men's hearts failing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth; for the powers of heaven shall be shaken. The signs in the sun, in the moon, and in the stars are in the past, and now we are witnessing the " distress of nations with perplexity ; " the "sea and the waves roaring; and men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth." The next event in order is the coming of the Son of man " with power and great glory." But what saith the Scripture, of these signs :Š When these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh. And he spake to them a parable; Behold the fig tree, and all the trees ; when they now shoot forth, ye see and know of your own selves that summer is now nigh at hand. So likewise ye, when ye see these things come to pass, know ye that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand. Verily, I say unto you, This generation shall not pass away, till all be fulfilled. The generation that learns the parable of the fig tree will see the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. " Heaven and earth shall pass away," says our Lord, "but my words shall not pass away." And then he gives this warning:Š Take heed to yourselves, lest at any time your hearts be overcharged with surfeiting, and drunkenness, and cares of this life, and so that day come upon you un-awares. For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the whole earth. Watch ye there-fore, and pray always, that ye may be accounted wor-thy to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to stand before the Son of man. Shall we not heed his words ? C. B. B. Infallibility and Bull-Fights. THE greatest religious question in Spain just now is not the authorship of the Pentateuch nor the authenticity of the fourth Gospel, but the question as to whether or not Roman Catholic priests should attend bull-fights! So important in all its bearings is this momentous ques-tion that the pious priests were unable to decide it for themselves, and were com-pelled to have recourse to the illuminated counsel of the Holy See. The grave doubts which had been festering for some time in the consciences of the clergy were recently tabulated by the Bishop of Ciu-dad-Rodrigo, and submitted to his infalli-ble holiness, Pope Leo. Let all Christian-ity blush, and nineteenth century enlight-enment reel back into medimeval darkness as we listen to the- answers received from the oracle at Rome!-  Translated from the Latin they are as follows :- 1. That a priest may not attend a bull-fight if he have the sacred oil with him. 2. That a priest may take the sacred oil to some private place near the scene of the sport, ready for  use in case of necessity, provided that he use caution so that his presence may not be taken as indicating'  approval of the spectacle. 3. That a priest may not (is not obliged to) attend a,  bull-fight, oven though custom expects him to do so. Such a compromise between good sense' and absurdity is seldom to be found. OneŁ has only to attempt to imagine the pres-ence of St. Paul, or any of the apostles at,  one of these disgraceful scenes, where' bovine gore is mixed with the life-blood,  of a human being to delight the depraved, taste of the cruelty-loving spectators, to,  see how far the Romish Church has de-parted, both in spirit and practice, from the primitive Church of Christ and its founders.ŠBritish Canadian. Ł Why Church Property Should Be Taxed.* THE question of the taxation of church property in the United States is bound soon to become a question of great public concern, because it is already of grave importance. The general theory of all just taxation is reciprocal service. Judge Cooley, in his " Law of Taxation," says :Š The protection of the government being the consid-eration for which taxes are demanded, all parties who receive or are entitled to that protection may be called upon to render the equivalent. Making the State pay tribute to the Church, instead of the Church to the State, is a glaring self-contradiction in the United States. It theoretically, as well as 'practically, adopts the principle of the union of Church and State. The Ameri-can people would rise up in rebellion against direct taxation for Church sup-port; but what is exemption from taxation but an indirect State support of the Church, a virtual subsidy for its support and at the expense of the general public ? The State reimburses itself by increasing the tax on the non-exempted property, and exemption is as clearly a gift as would be the amount of taxes the exempted property should pay if' it were directly appropriated from the public treasury. The State avoids a deficiency in its rev-enues by transferring to other property increased taxation, not by the voluntary action of the taxpayers, but by the com-pulsion of law, all of which is out of con-sonance with our republican institutions. True, the church yields no private in-come to the corporators. Neither do many other kinds of property. But the State cannot regulate its action by rule of in- come. Taxation would no doubt in some instances be a burden. But thousands of property owners now find it difficult to pay their taxes, and yet the State cannot afford to exempt them. Tax churches, and only those churches that are able to pay taxes would dare to be extravagant. With so much poverty and want in the community, our magnificent church edi-fices and massive buildings for alleged charitable purposes, on our most valuable sites, are a burlesque on both religion and charity. Benjamin Franklin said :Š When a religion is good, I conceive that it will sup-port itself ; and when it cannot support itself and God does not care to support it, so its professors are obliged to call for help from the civil power, it is a sign, I apprehend, of its being a bad one. In 1875 President Grant sent a message *13y Rev. Madison C. Peters, in the Forum for May. Mr. Peter's is now pastor of the Bloomingdale Reformed Church in New York City. After his graduation in 1881, he entered the ministry of the German Reformed Church in Indiana, but subsequently united with the Presbyterian Church. After organizing churches in Terre Haute, Ind., and Ottawa, Ill., he was called to the Buttonwood Street Church in Philadelphia, where he remained for nearly six years. 