AMERICAN SENTINEL. 91 of the superior court of the church is final also, and, in virtue of the divine prerogative of inerrancy granted the church, infallible The church has not, does not, and cannot, permit the violation of God's commandments in any case whatever."ŠReported in Catholic Mirror, March 2, 1895. The professed Protestantism of the country, is, if anything, more zealous than is Catholicism in the advo-cacy of this doctrine. And both alike are greatly pleased to find eminent "statesmen" insisting with all their power and influence upon the same doctrine. All these vast, influences are steadily and rapidly molding public sentiment into the fixed doctrine that Su-preme Court decisions on constitutional questions are to be accepted because they are such decisions, without any question as to whether they are right or wrongŠas soon as a decision has been made and because it has been made, it is a governmental and national Thus saith the Lord. Public sentiment is thus, being prepared so to accept any decision that may come from that source. And thus the way is surely being paved for the establishment of a national religious despotism. By repudiating that doc-trine, Abraham Lincoln succeeded in averting the estab-lishment of a national civil despotism. And nothing but the repudiation of that doctrine again, by the whole peo-ple, can avert the establishment of a national religious despotism. Yet for this, it must be confessed the evil has already spread too far; and it is too late to avert it. A Mythical Alliance. TOE State Superintendent of the Nevada Christian Endeavor Society, Rev. Francis L. Nash, states in the Christian Endeavorer for February, 1897, that an alli- ance exists in Nevada between Seventh-day Adventists and the saloon. Here are his words;Š "The saloons and gambling hells make more money on that day1Sunday] than on all the other days of the week, and whenever an attempt is made to rescue the Sabbath, the Seventh-day Adventists stand in with the saloon men and do their best to stamp out the very last vestige of respect and reverence for the day which ought to be loved and honored. As a result, in many places the day is dreaded by the wives and mothers as the worst day in the weekŠthe day for drinking, carousing, and horse racing, a day for fights and brawls, rioting and murder, heaven-daring impiety and beastly impurity." And upon this the editor of the Endeavorer com-ments:Š " We are very sorry that this course should be pur-sued by these people, and hope that in the near future such an alliance of saloon-keepers and Seventh-day Ad-ventists will be unknown." All this reminds us of the familiar saying, "Impor-tant if true." But is it true? We never heard of any affiance between seventh-day observers and saloonists, from either of the parties them- selves. All talk of such a thing has come from other sources. It is pretty certain that liquor dealers have had no suspicion that they have allies in the Seventh-day Ad-ventists. About the last thing in the world that saloon men would want is a universal acceptance of Seventh-day Adventist doctrine on the subject of temperance. Reason : Seventh-day Adventists use no intoxicants. In their communion there are neither drunkards nor moderate drinkers. And no saloon-keeper has ever thought . of applying for membership in one of their churches. Does this indicate an alliance with the saloon? More than this: Seventh-day Adventists are, and al-ways have been, prohibitionists. Their literature proves this. We never knew liquor dealers to regard prohibition-ists as their allies. It is true, this religious body are the advocates of the seventh-day as being the Bible Sabbath, and are uncom-promisingly opposed to the doctrine that the Sabbath is Sunday. And they are not backward in proclaiming these views, for they believe them to be part of a divine message which must go to the world. But does this con-stitute an alliance with the saloon? We think not. And now a glance at the record of those who are pub-lishing this, "alliance," by way of comparison. What is their attitude toward the saloon? Who are the ones that are advocating and working for a law to close all the saloonsŠon Sundays? Are they Seventh-day Adventists ? No; they are the people repre-sented by the Endeavorer. ,They would have a law clos-ing saloons on Sunday, and allowing them to run the other six days of the week. And thus they would make of the saloonŠthat iniquitousthingŠa law-abiding insti-tution, wherever it would be willing to close its doors on Sunday; and this it is showing itself quite willing to do. It matters not that the Endeavorers desire prohibition, as we fully believe, and have that as their ultimate aim.  What they and Sunday advocates generally are actually working for now is the establishment of the saloon by law; for that is what Sunday prohibition means. Sev-enth-day Adventists' regard the saloon as by nature an outlaw. It will be a good day for the saloon, and a bad day for the cause of temperance, when that evil institution shall be established in our land by a law which rests upon the will of-the um.ofessedly) Christian Church. The saloon wants nothing better than the opportun-ity to say, I am a law-abiding institution; I am respect-able, for I keep Sunday. Where then is the real alliance, if there be one, be-tween church people and, the saloon? Is it to be found with the advocates of the seventh day or of the first? Finally, it may be mentioned that in 1893 the sa-loonists of. Chicago joined heartily in the plea of the Church people that the World's Fair be closed on. Sun-days. Of course thiS constituted no real alliance between the-saloon and the Church. The saloon would be better patronized on Sunday with the Fair closed, and it would 