AMERICAN SENTINEL. 695 ' When profes-ed ministers of the gospel turn from the gospel and advocate political work as the only effective way of accomplishing the reforms needed in society, they deny the power of godliness, and proclaim that we have reached an age of apostasy in the professedly Christian Church. Protestantism Following the Flag. BY W. N. GLENN. THE Michigan Christian Advocate says:Š "Protestantisni will follow the flag into Cuba and Porto Rico, and the Philippines, and to the ends of the earth." Now Protestantism has lost its way when it begins to follow earthly flags. It started out to follow the Word of God, and any attempt on its part to follow any other ensign than that of King Immanuel is to depart from the principles that gave it its original prestige. Had Protestantism gone forward in the way marked out for it by divine Providence, instead of leaning on the arm of flesh, it would have encompassed the "ends of the earth" long ago, without waiting to follow any earthly flag. Jesus says, "All power is given unto Me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations." "Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Again he commands, "Follow Me." What then have Protestants to do with following any other stand-ard, when the God of heaven says, "Speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward;" when he who has "all power" has promised that "the Lord will go before you; and the God of Israel will be your rereward?" All this dependence upon the governments of earth to go before, and the arm of human flesh to sustain, in the spread of the gospel is just so much catering to Ro-manism; for it was the entrance and encouragement of that principle in the church that made Romanism and the Roman Church possible. -* Ł -4 -I Real Enjoyment. SELF-ENJOYMENT is the world's idea of happiness. "How are you enjoying yourself?" is one of the most common questions; and "I am enjoying myself very much," is the common term to express perfect satisfac-tion. If one is enjoyinghimself, nothing more is thought to be needed. Ah, how small enjoyment that is! He who has noth-ing but himself to enjoy, has a very limited range of en-joyment. And very mean enjoyment it is, too. God would have us enjoy something far better, and so he gives us himself. "For if, when we were enemies, we were reconciled to God by the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we shall be saved by his life. And not  only so, but we joy in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, by whom we have now received the atonement." Rom. 5:10, 11. Here is true enjoyment,Šthe enjoyment of God: He who enjoys God has an unlimited and eternal field of en-joyment. God gives himself to us in Christ, in whom are all things, and so it is that he"giveth us richly all things to enjoy." 1 Tim. 6:17. When people learn that "every good gift, and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights," and that we have no good thing ex-cept in him, they will cease asking their friends, "How are you enjoying yourself," and will say, instead, "How are you enjoying the Lord?"ŠSel. Union of Church and State Condemned by His-tory. ŠNo. 4. By B. W. Noel, M. A. AFTER the death of Constantine, his son Constantius succeeded to the government of the Eastern provinces, and eventually became the sovereign of the whole em-pire. And as he, his empress, and his whole court, were Arians, he forthwith used all his influence, as the head of Ł the church, to exterminate, as far as possible, evangeli-cal doctrine; and the whole world groaned and won-dered, says St. Jerome, to find itself Arian. The tyranny of Theodosius restored the orthodoxy of the churches, but could not revive their piety; and from that time, in union with the state, they continued to be so corrupt, that at length the profligacy, covetousness, fraud, and arrogance of the clergy generally, from the pope to the obscurest monk, so revolted the conscience and the com-mon sense of Europe, that in the sixteenth century it burst from this oppressive and degrading yoke. "The nature of the relation between the potentate and the priest during this period was frequently illus-trated by incidents like the following. Pepin, who was mayor of, the palace to Childeric III., king of France, having formed the design of dethroning his sovereign, assembled the states of the realm, A. D. 751, to whom he proposed that violent measure. They voted that the bishop of Rome must be consulted; embassadors were therefore sent by Pepin to demand from Pope Zachary, "whether the divine law did not allow a warlike people to dethrone a cowardly and indolent monarch, and to substitute in his place one more worthy to rule?"ŠMosheim. Zachary's answer was favorable, Childeric was deposed, and Pepin ascended his throne. Pope Ste-phen II. confirmed the decision of Zachary, and wanting the aid of Pepin against the Lombards, paid him a visit A.D. 754, when he released him from his oath of allegiance to Childeric, anointed him, and crowned him. But it would have been happy had the union between the secular and ecclesiasticalpowers been productive only of such occasional specimens of villainy on either side; but alas! for many centuries before the Reformation, it 