154 AMERICAN SENTINEL. will be in place. If Sunday laws work such good for the States that have them, why are not the conditions in those States much better than they are in California? Why do we not find labor enjoying freedom from the oppressions of despotic employers in all the other States, and California standing alone in the so called enslave-ment of the toiler who is compelled to work seven days in the week? As a matter of fact, California, without a Sunday law, gives just as great freedom to those who toil as is given by any of the States where the Sunday law exists. For there is no State in which the railroads, street-cars, and other corporations that employ large numbers of men may not be found quite as busy on Sun-day as on any other day. "But the minister who was delegated to appear before the Senate Committee to urge the claims for a Sunday law said that it was not the intention to stop the railroads, street-cars, and large manufacturing and mining establishments. He classed these among the works of necessity that have to run every day in the week. Now if these are to be exempted, what will be left for a Sunday law to operate upon? The railroads, street-cars, manufactories and mines cover nearly all the places where men labor for wages. And by what laws or basic principles can it be shown that large manufactur-ing plants should be allowed to run on Sunday and the smaller ones be required to close down? And what tri-bunal will decide just where the line should be drawn between the large and the small factories? The very fact that the advocates of Sunday laws are continually involved in so many contradictory and absurd positions should open the eyes of those who think, and who desire to be on the right side. "And again, what right has even a minister to state what is the intent of a Sunday law? If a law is good, the intent of it is stated in plain language. It is as open as the day. It does not require any one to tell what it means, for it says what it means and means what it says. Now if the proposed Sunday law for California is intended to exempt railroads, street-cars, and large factories and mines, why not say it in just so many words in the law itself? One section of this law before the California legislature reads as fol!ows:Š " 'Nothing in this act contained shall be so construed as to prohibit, or render unlawful, on the first day of the week, ordinary manual labor performed by a mem-ber of the denomination called Seventh day Adventists, or -Seventh-day Baptists, or Hebrews, who conscien-tiously and religiously observe and keep the seventh day of the week, or Saturday, as sacred to rest and to re-ligious worship; provided, they do not by such work disturb Christian assemblies in their religious services or other religious duties on the first day, sabbath.' "But if the railroads, etc., are to be among the things that can be kept running on Sundays, the above section should be amended. Another clause should be added, saying:Š "'Neither shall anything contained in this act be construed to prohibit, or render unlawful, on the first day of the week, the running of railroads, street cars, or large manufacturing or mining establishments.' "If the law is not intended to stop these lines of industry on Sunday, it should say it plainly. And those who are asked to pass the law should be careful to con-sider that once a law is passed, the ministers who drew it up cannot always be present to tell what it means. And then they are not sure to agree upon the subject anyway. It is indeed to be doubted whether all the ministers in California would have said 'Amen,' when their brother clergyman told the Senate Committee that their Sunday law was not intended to apply to railroads and so on. "Any law that is right needs to exempt no one. And when ambiguous and indefinite exemption clauses have to be added to a statute, else it will work oppres-sion and hardship upon some, it is quite substantial evidence that such a law is not needed." The State-Church Controversy in England. THE Ritualistic controversy in England still goes on as bitterly as ever. The party in the Church of England Šthe established churchŠwho want to conform to the practices of Rome, are the cause of the controversy, and the state now threatens to turn this party out like a disinherited heir. Sir William Harcourt, speaking for the government, alludes to them as "a body of men who are dismissed by the nation on account of their lawless conduct," and who therefore need not expect to be "treated with liberality and generosity." "They need not," he explains, "lay the flattering unction to their souls that they are going to carry off the Protestant plant of the National Church in order to carry on their Romish manufactures. They are not to be allowed to occupy the parish churches or the cathedrals in which to erect confessionals and celebrate without restraint their high masses. They are not to be secured by life incomes as commutation and compensation in the work of ac-complishing the 'Conversion of England' out of the Protestant Establishment. These are considerations on which the bishops and the clergy may with advantage reflect. Their time is short, their sands are running out; if they continue pusillanimously to shiver on the brink, their impaired authority will be finally extinguished, and the existence of the church they have so ill-tended will be, and is indeed to-day, at stake." And to this the Church Times, organ of the "high church" or Ritualistic party, replies that Sir William and those opposed to the Romish ritualism, "have sown such distrust in the lay mind that there is talk already of withdrawing support from the charitable and philan-thropic work of the church. They have threatened co-ercion as a remedy for disorders which might easily have 