214 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind'Š`to minister.' "At Capernaum he healed many, casting out devils, and forgiving sinsŠhealing body and soulŠministering unto poor, sin-sick man. "But in all of it, there's not a word about rising in his might and taking the world by force. "Christ never drove any one. The only force he uses is the power of love, to draw all men to him. "He came to minister. Don't let us get the notion into our heads that we can do his work for him. He has work for us to doŠwork in plenty if we do not turn from it, but it is not his work. We may become co laborers with God, but only to do our own part. We must leave God's part with him. `God giveth the increase.' The results belong to Him, and our faith is very weak if after we have done the best we can according to our conscience and God's pointing and the common sense he has given usŠour faith is very weak, I say, if we can't trust the outcome with sod, but think we must get our backbone up, and rise in our might, and take a club and drive men into the kingdom of ,heaven. We are not going to establish any inquisitions in these days; we have learned to know the love of God better than that. "But, on the other hand, while we are to allow Christ to minister unto us to our soul's salvation; while we are to accept what he does for us; while we cannot 'convert' the world nor a single soulŠwe must follow in his steps if we are his children, and become also ministers inas-much as it is in our power. After Christ has ministered to us, we 'Must go and find our brethren as Andrew and Philip found Nathaniel; as the woman of Samaria went to the men of her city, saying, 'Come and see'; as those who were healed at Capernaum brought others to be healed; as Matthew made a feast and invited publicans and sinners to see and hear the Master. We, too, must become ministers. "I wouldn't become discouraged if I were you," Uncle Bez went on. "I know there are a good many things in the world we would like to have 'different. I know the devil seems to have a pretty good grip on some of the best things in the world, but I've faith enough to believe it's all coming out right in the end. Christ came to ministerŠand I don't believe his mission will be a failure. Do you?" JOHNSTONE MURRAY. A NEW ENGLAND journal says:Š "Our trade with the Philippines has been itemized for the seven months to February 1 in a late report of the treasury bureau of statistics, and from a commer-cial standpoint it must be admitted that the results are highly encouraging, particularly in the case of malt and spirituous liquors. Exports from the United State to the islands in that period were: Of malt liquors, $101,781; of brandy, $21,714; of whisky, $65,138; of wine, $3,914; total malt and spirituous liquors and wine, $192,547, or at the rate of $330,000 a year. And yet, prior to the American occupation, our annual export of all goods to the islands was little more than $100,000.. Thus in the one item of intoxi-cating liquors we have created by conquest a trade over  three times as large as our whole export trade in all commodities formerly amounted to. Here is striking evidence of progress in civilization from our ditreer of conquestŠin one direction, at least." The Burning Religious Question in the Philippines. "Springfield Republican." ARCHBISHOP CHAPELLE, who was sent by President McKinley to the Philippines on some mission connected with the spiritual affairs of the islands, visited early in January the convent of the Dominican friars at Manila, the Dominicans being one of the religious, orders against which such severe charges have been preferred by the natives and by travelers in the archipelago. An account of the visit, together with a report of what the archbishop said to the provincial father of the order, was quickly sent to a Madrid paper by its Manila cor-respondent who claimed to have received his informa-tion from the provincial father himself. This report was copied in the Manila papers, but first of all by Pro-greso, the Spanish organ, and on January 15 by the Manila Times. ŁThe publication caused much excite-ment in the Philippines, and is said by the Manila cor-respondent of the New York Post to have "added fuel to the flame of Filipino bitterness against the Ameri-cans." The excitement was due to the languageArchbishop Chapelle is alleged to have used in his talk with the provincial father of the Dominicans. Words are put in his mouth which assure to the friars the continuance of their past privileges and functions under the rule of the United States. The following is from the Manila limes's translation of the Spanish paper's adcount:Š " 'Father McKinnon has given four public lectures in America,' said the delegate to the provincial, 'and his apostolic zeal is the cause of my presence now in Manila. His four public lectures caused President Mc-Kinley to realize the necessity for the monastic orders remaining in the Philippines, and I was, at the request of the holy see, appointed to the commission, which was endeavoring at Washington to settle the religious question of these islands. I exerted myself in this mat-ter, and stated my project for the settlement of the Catholic Church in the Philippines. My views were ap-proved by both President McKinley and the pope, and I was intrusted with the mission by his holiness, who amplified my powers for the purpose. I therefore come to Manila with ample authority for everything. The arrangements and reorganizations which I intend to make will be completed in a short time. I rely on the support of the monastic orders.' "Mgr. Chapelle referred slightly to several subjects connected with his mission, but he did not openly ex plain any. He said, however, that the friars of the Phil-ippines have alarmed themselves without any reason. `I know their importance in this country, and am openly predisposed in their favor. Would the friars accept 