URIAH Smolt, Editor Review and Herald. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. HON. GEORGE WILLARD, Publisher Journal. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. HoN. W. O. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. M. RORABACFIER. M. D. . W. Hoff. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. the following prices:Š " A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, sweetened,  "B" " whole wheat flour, sweetened  Fruit Crackers, not sweetened  Lemon Cream Biscuits, sweetened  Graham Bi cuits, Oatmeal Biscuits, " A" Graham Crackers, slightly sweetened  "B" tt " not sweetened  "D" 46 " (water crackers for dyspeptics) "A" Oatmeal " slightly sweetened  "B" not " not sweetened  Whole Wheat CraCkers  White Crackers, very palatable  Carbon " Gluten " Cereola, a prepared grain food (the same as formerly advertised under the name " Granola "), in bulk ......10c Pure Gluten, in bulk  40c Wheat Gluten, in bulk  20c Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only. a very choice and healthful drink (once used, never again refused), in 1% lb. packages  25c 15e 15c 15c 12c 12c 12c 10c 10c 10c 10e 10c 10c 10c 15c 30c per'lb 66 66 46. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demonstrated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of- our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health- giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your " Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia.. I also find the Zwiebach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most Ł DR. R W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your " Health Foods" in our family for three years, and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dyspepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I find that your Granola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. WM. M. MERWIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. FRED. L. ROSEMOND. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by hand." D. W. McCoulur. nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. JUNE 15, 1893. @IF<74N°11. 191 THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY Ł Ł n CIL.ACIEC.Eal,S A\21N-14 113K C-1171IrrS9  A.N1E) C CCW_LOIH:=, MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY. --ESTABLISHED IN 1 $81 .  U HEALTH FOODS. We manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at I The Alma Sanitarium, Alma, Mich. CEREOLA, The King of Health Foods. Manufactured only by us. Coods to the Value of $8 will be Sent on Receipt of $6, Being 25 per cent discount. We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the SMALL ROUND BUTTER CRACKERS' purely BUTTER SHORTENED, and dealers wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices' stating how many barrels they wish to handle, etc. The price per barrel of about 50 lbs. is about 7% cents per lb. (net). Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk, cream, fruit juice, or water, as best agrees with the individual. CEREOLA Is a Universal Health Food, and is Calculated for use both in sickness and health. In ordering please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note, No private checks accepted. During the month of November last we have added new improved machinery to our plant and otherwise increased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior advantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable article in this line than has ever before been produced. WRITE US FOR SPECIAL RATES ON LARGE LOTS. The remainder of the invoice of Gluten arrived this morning and was found to be correct. Will you please ship us by freight, as soon as possible: % doz. pkgs. Pure Gluten, 25 lb.. Wheat Gluten., THE SANITARIUM CO. The Review and Herald Pub. Co., Atlanta, Ga. The crackers came all right and in good shape. They are liked by all who have seen them and give perfect satisfaction. CHAS. F. CURTIS, Mgr. Gentlemen: The Biscuits and Crackers came to hand in good orde- and are generally liked. REV. HENRY S. CLUBS. Editor Food, Home, and Garden, Philadelphia, l'a Hillsboro, North Dakota. The sample box of your Health Foods received, and would say, that we are well pleased with them, and with this I send an order for 100 lbs. B. D. ECKLER. 202 Huron Ave., Port Huron. Mich. Please send me a descriptive circular of your Health Foods with prices to dealers and I will en-deavor to get some merchant here to handle them. I have prescribed other health food products to some extent, but my friends in another part of the State say they prefer yours, which are not on the market here. C. EDSON COVEY, M. D. La Crosse, Wis. The barrel of food came safely and in good time. We are delighted with it and the brethren want it so much that a large amount of it is gone already. Will have to order more soon and possi- bly some for a grocer or two. E. W. WEBSTER. Sorrento, Lake Co., Fla. The two barrels and box of crackers came all right and in perfect condition, and we are all de-lighted with them. I want to thank you for putting them up so satisfactorily I am canvassing all the time and they are my main stay while I am out. Z. S. AREY. ica Through a friend of mine I have learned of your Cereal Coffee; having so many Ch go. Ill. patients that must not drink the other coffee, I have concluded to recommend your coffee. I myself and family use no other. I like it very much. Please send by return mail how I can obtain it in quantities. E. K. SIEGMUND, M.D., 39 Menomonee St. REFERENCES. To Whom it May Concern: We, the undersigned. residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly twenty years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experi-ence in his line of business, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. SPECIAL NOTICE. TESTIMONIALS. Medical Department, Mich. University, Ann Arbor, Mich. BATTLE CREEK BAKERY Co.ŠGentlemen: The goods arrived 0. K. and are very fine. Allow me to congratulate you on the excellent quality of your foods, which I am satisfied are not excelled if equaled by any others on the market. Yours truly, FRED. WILDANGER. Much confusion has of late been caused in the mail of the "Battle Creek Bakery Co," and the "Sanitarium Food Co." many not considering that two houses are thus represented. The two houses are entirely distinct and we ask our customers when ordering to carefully observe our list, and to address plainly, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO. Battle Creek, Mich. THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM  ------------------------- HEALTH FOODS. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanita_ rian has maintained a Health Food Department, at first for the benefit if its patients and patrons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More than I 50 Tons of the following Named foods have been manufactured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No.1, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Biscuit, No. 2, Infants' Food. G r a n o I a, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manufactured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numer-ous imitations to which its success has given rise. TO THE PUBLIC: This certifies that the Battle Creek Sanitarium Health Foods, manufactured by the Sanitarium  under the name of the Sanitarium Food Company, are made tinder my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOG, M. D. We are -constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., Battle Creek, Mieh. 