`SHE AmERIcAN SENTINEL. ,Vol. 4, No. 37, Tir Arr2eriear2 geRtiRel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 9, 1889. NoTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the .AMERICAN SENTINEL to people Who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-, fishers to pay for the same. As the present volume of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL is to consist of only 48 numbers,we will print no paper next week. " OFFICE is opportunity," is the motto dis-played on the letter-heads used by the field secre-tary of the American Sabbath-  Union. This is but another version of the standard political maxim, "To the victors belong the spoils." The constant display of this avowal may be taken as a declaration that the union seeks political power, and if successful will not be slow to use it for the furtherance of its schemes. A country that is fully awake to the value of liberty, will be slow to place official "opportunity," in the hands of a party of religionists whose aiiti are expressed by such mercenary sentiments. Ł 1. IN the Lutheran Observer of August 9, Rev. Mr. Crafts has an article on the equity of Sunday laws, in which, speaking of exemption, he says :Š " The only law that can either be justified or main-tained in practice is a law which impartially forbids, in rich and poor, all forms of Sunday work that are not works of mercy or necessity." And yet Mr. Crafts, as field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, is asking people to sign a petition to Congress praying for the passage of a law which shall exempt, so far as ordin-ary private work is concerned, all who religiously keep another day of the week as the Sabbath. Therefore, according to his own words, Mr. Crafts is asking Congress to pass a law which can be neither justified nor maintained. Is it such a law as this that the American Sabbath Union really desires ? or is it the object of the Union to secure general assent to the principle of Sunday legislation, and then secure the repeal of the ex- emption clause. Ł  THE Nation, not the Christian Nation, says:Š "There is more happiness, better order and less crime among the poorer people of New York since cheap Sunday excursions enabled them to take a trip up the river or down the harbor, than when necessity kept them cooped up through the day in tenement houses." There is not the least doubt but that this is true. And yet the Sunday-law workers propose to stop every kind of excursion or journeying on Sunday, especially with the poorer people, because the rich can afford to own their own carriages and can take a ride or drive as they please. But under the 'proposed Sunday-law system all the poorer people will be " cooped up " through the whole day in their crowded tenement houses and narrow streets and alleys; which shows clearly enough that the Sunday-law movement instead of being a movement in favor of the poorer people is a direct discrimination against them. Again the Nation says :Š " The most rigid Sabbatarian with the most violent prejudices against Sunday concerts for example only needs to view the wonderful spectacle presented in Central Park on Sunday afternoon in mid-summer to  feelŠand confess if he is honestŠthat he has not un-derstood what he has been talking about in his ignor-ance." Yes, he will, if he is honest; but there is the rub. It is very seldom that Sunday-law bigotry ever becomes honest enough to make such a con-fession as that, because it is not against any es-sential evil in those concerts that the complaint is made, but solely as the Kings County Sunday-law Association said, that they are afraid that "the churches will be depopulated." And to the Sunday-law churchman that fearful alternative turns everything that is done on Sunday into the blackest of crimes. THE spirit of "National Reform " sometimes comes to the surface in a garb that is simply ap-palling. It would be some relief, when an oc-casional individual of the more rabid type assures the public that he only speaks for himself in his ultra utterances, were it not for the fact that these expressions of sentiment are never disclaimed by any of the party. The clamor of the more out-spoken in this "reform" movement for laws that will disfranchise, socially ostracise, banish, and even put to death opponents, has never yet been disowned by any organ or representative of the National Reform Association. The appeal for a theocratic government, a counterfeit of the gov-ernment of ancient Israel, reveals an inward vin-dictiveness on the part of some otherwise meek-appearing men that seem almost incredible. But, as " out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh," we are compelled to believe the evi-dence. So that, when one openly advocates hu-man laws that will put to death his Sabbath-breaking neighbor, and will put to death the blasphemer, we naturally infer that he longs to see that extreme penalty executed. And this in the name of Christianity! TUESDAY evening, August 27, A. T. J. of the SENTINEL made a speech at Los Angeles on the subject of the National Sunday law. The meet-ing was advertised in such a way that it was not definitely known whether the speech was to be for or against Sunday laws. And as a result about one-third of the audience turned out to be Sun-day-law advocates. The speaker had not pro-ceeded far before these discovered that he was opposed to Sunday laws. As soon as that was discovered several of the Sunday-law partisans be-gan to interrupt with questions. When the ques-tions were answered they continued the interrup-tions with counter-arguments. Not content with this they made an effort to take the floorŠas many as three on their feet at once and others talking from their seats, calling the speaker an - infidel and whatsoever else they pleased. They seemed to be in a mood to continue this courtesy indefinitely, when a gentlemen rose and said to them that as they professed to be Christians and as the Christian spirit is one of meekness and gen-tleness, it would be well for them to show enough of that spirit to keep still until the speaker, whose the meeting was, should have finished his speech ; then in a proper way ask whatever questions they chose. Those who were standing were finally persuaded to take their seats, but even then they would not keep still, though after that no more than one at a time was on his feet. On the following Sunday night there was a meeting at the same hall under the auspices of the American Sabbath Union in favor of Sunday laws. Two or three men stood just outside of the doors with copies of the AMERICAN SENTI- NEL to give to whoever wanted them. As soon as this was discovered by the managers of the meeting the police were sent for to stop it. The police came and ordered them away. They obeyed orders and went down to the street, but that did not satisfy these Sunday-law lovers of liberty. They wanted them turned away from there, but could not accomplish that. These facts show plainly enough the spirit that characterizes the Sunday-law movement, and how much liberty there will be to the people when the managers of that movement succeed in getting their spirit embodied in a law to be enforced ac-cording to their own will. WE object to Sunday laws not because they re-quire the observance of that particular day but because of the principle involved. Disguise their motive as they may, the fact remains that the great majority of those who desire such laws make the demand because they regard Sunday as a sacred day. Therefore the passage of a Sunday law is State interference in religious matters and involves the judicial decision of religious questions. There are in every State, and indeed in almost every neighborhood, three classes, namely, (1) Christians who regard Sunday religiously, (2) Christians who do not regard Sunday but who do regard the seventh day, and (3) non-religious persons who regard all days alike. Sunday laws necessarily discriminate between these classes. If, as is sometimes the case, the seventh-day Christians are exempted from the provisions of the law, then it is a fact that they are favored above others simply because they are Christians. They are granted certain privileges on account of their religion, and that is contrary to the spirit of American institutions. If they are not exempted and are required to obey the law and refrain from Sunday work they are deprived of one-sixth of their God-given time for conscience' sake. But in any event the non-religious are forced to ob-serve to some extent a religious institution in which they have no faith. Sunday laws are wrong, they work hardship and injustice; they tend to destroy free voluntary service to God, thus making hypocrites; for these and similar reasons we oppose and would oppose all such measures. TILE Rev. Mr. Carroll of the Central Metho-dist Church, Stockton, in his sermon last Sunday took a very radical stand for a minister of his de-nomination. In speaking of a national Sunday law he maintained that the mixture of religion and government had resulted in evil from the time of Constantine down to the Puritans; that freedom of conscience and its exercise was guaranteed by the Constitution. The Rev. Mr. Carroll is an American and believes in American institutions.ŠFrom the Los Angeles Tribune. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever he uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND. CAL. 