AMERICAN SENTINEL. 435 and Rome are at work in our century. And to what end we may know, both because of the clear lessons of the history, and because God knows. These forces are work-ing to the same end now that they worked before. God knew it before and told those nations. God knows it now, and has told, and will continue to tell, these nations. That end is ruin. If eminent scholars and other people will insist that we may not know, that is certainly their fault; for the information is abundant, both out of the Bible and in the Bible. WE sincerely admire and honor eminent scholarship. But we must be allowed to remark that it is not the most eminent mark of the most eminent scholarship to ignore or evade the plainest lessons in both history and Revela-tion, on a subject which most eminently and imminently concerns all the greatest nations of the century. The same forces which have worked in Greece and Rome are at work in our century, and to what end we may certainly know. We may know it both because the lessons of the history are so plain that none need to mis-take; and because God knows, and he has told. -10 f -410--4 4- THE trouble with a great many churches, spiritually, was unwittingly stated the other day in a funeral dis-course, when the minister said: "Fourteen years ago to-day, this corpse joined this church." When accessions of that nature have been going on for some time, it is but natural that the church should seek to be galvanized into a semblance of life by the power of the State. What the Lord Wants. "I WANT to give my appetite to the Lord," said a victim of intemperance recently, who had come forward for prayers at the close of the service in one of the mis-sions of New York City. He thought that if the Lord would take his appetite for strong drink, and give him a simple, unperverted appetite, it would be just what he needed. "Why, my dear man," came the reply from onebetter instructed in divine truth, "the Lord doesn't want your appetite; he wants you." This reply states a vital truth of the Christian reli-gion. The Lord wants the individual himself; and when an individual gives himself to God, the Lord takes along with the individual everything bad there is about him; not because the Lord wants these things in themselves or has any possible use for them, but because He must take them in order to make the individual what He wants him to be. The same truth bears with equal emphasis upon the question of giving the Government over to the Lord. The Government is very bad, say a large class of the church people to-day; it is godless, corrupt, perverted from the principles of right, and we must turn it over to the Lord, and have Him make it what it ought to be.  When we have a government of God here, everything will be all right. Subtle delusion ! The Lord doesn't want the Govern-ment. He wants the individuals who are carrying on the Government. By the provisions of his grace he is reach-ing after each one of these to-day; and if they would but give themselves to him, the problem of government would disappear. All God wants is a chance to make each indi-vidual as good as it is in his divine power to make him. Then the problem of good government will take care of itself. Under such conditions there could not possibly be anything but good government. First, last, and always, the Lord wants the individ-ual; and the idea that the Lord is going to save men by reforming the Government is a subtle scheme of the arch-enemy designed to cheat men out of the salvation of their souls. 1* a -4 4 Politics and Prosperity. THE non-appearance of that prosperity which was promised by the political party now in power is empha-sized just now by the strike of some hundreds of thou-sands of miners in the middle States. Together they con-stitute a host which far outnumbers the combined United States army and States' militia; and should they become turbulent, very serious consequences would certainly en-sue. It is hoped that the controversy may be settled by arbitration, the miners themselves being so confident of the justice of their cause that they have already expressed their approval of this method of settlement. At this rate of prosperity, the question bids fair to arise whether the United States does not need a large standing army like those of Europe; not to ward off an invasion from without or to conquer some neighboring country, but to keep the peace within her own borders. While it is no doubt true, as has been often asserted, that the vast majority of the American people are lovers of peace and order, it must be admitted that a point is reached under the pressure of destitution where even the most peacefully inclined men will resort to violent meas-ures for the relief of their suffering families. That the des-titution of the striking miners is -appalling, is admitted by all observers; and it is certainly no less true that the miners represent but a small part of the number whom the prevailing industrial conditions are driving to the point of desperation. Let the forces of discontent and despair be once called into action under one leadership and with a common purpose in view, and nothing short of the repressive power of a great standing army would suffice to prevent the horrors of revolution. The doctrine that national prosperity depends upon the kind of politics by which the country is dominated, is a fallacy. The causes of prosperity and of "hard times" lie deeper down than the agitated surface of politics. Not the organizations, but the people themselves, as such, are the arbiters of national prosperity. As it lies with 