1V4.PHITIOL, - i)-pa  0),18, 147ep Ł 4249,,  56 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, Vol. 7, No. 7. Nnw YORK, FEBRUARY 18, 1892. NormŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Denver Times very truly says that "no educational system has ever been de-vised, or ever will be devised, to obliterate crime, and no legislation can ever make men moral." THE Nelson Miner (British Columbia) remarks that the new Sunday law, which went into effect January 1st, " is not strictly observed, neither will it be as long as people are constituted as they are." A FRENcE court has decided that the Pope is a sovereign, and is entitled to in-herit property in France. Upon this, the Catholic Review remarks : " From this decision it seems that after all the day is not so far off when the Pope will regain his former rights and possessions." A LONDON paper has this bit of Sunday history which is not without interest in these days of agitation for more strict ob- servance of the day :Š The old English Sunday in the north of England appears, from Mr. William Andrews' curious work on " Old Church Lore," to have been characterized by some strange practices. Sunday announcements of forth-coming auction sales and other equally secular matters were in some instances made by the parish clerk in the thurch-yard, or even in the church itself. It seems moreover that at Wigton, in Cumberland, during the reign of Charles II., a Sunday meat-market was held. Butchers put their carcasses of meat at the church door, and customers actually took the joints they had bought inside the building and hung them on the backs of the seats till service was finished. The clergyman was, we are told, so disturbed by this irreverent custom that he made a journey to London, on foot, and secured the change of market-day to Tuesday. This sounds odd to modern ears, but when we remember that the Sabbath idea of Sunday is of comparatively recent or-igin, it is not at all strange that even pious people made meetings held upon that day, occasions of traffic. Ł Ł THE German nation is very much agi-tated over the matter of primary education. Chancellor Caprivi says that the element-ary schools in the empire have been in a chaotic condition. "We feel," he says, " that we are living in very serious times, amid forces against which we must rally all our resources of defense. We are developing within the State one of the most important means to this end. As- suredly the school must aid us in this. It is equally certain that we can not dispense with religion in this work. It is beyond dispute that most schools need Christian-ity. The school, however, can not possess this without creeds; it must, therefore, be connected with the churches whence creeds emanate. THE italics in the preceding paragraph are introduced for the purpose of call-ing attention to an important thought, namely, that the schools can not have re-ligion without creeds. This is evident, for the simplest definition of " creed " is, " That which is believed ; " it is simply an expression in words of the faith of one or more persons, and it is utterly impossible to teach religion without teaching a creed, for it is impossible to teach religion with-out teaching that which some body be-lieves. WE hear in this country a great deal about unsectarian religious instruction in the fundamental doctrines of the Christian religion. But there is no such thing as un-sectarian Christianity. If Christianity is to be taught in the public schools at all it can be done only as the Emperor proposes to have it taught in Germany, namely, by the churches. Caprivi is right, the schools can not possess Christianity with-out creeds. What then is more natural than that having determined that Christi-anity shall be taught in the public schools the State should turn to the churches whence come the creeds ? REFERRING to a recent infidel lecture in Brooklyn, Dr. Talmage said Is there any such thing as blasphemy If there be, is there no law against it ? These are tremen-dous questions which I ask of the legal fraternity, the judges of our courts and through them the Leg-islature of the State of New York. There is such a thing as blasphemy. Let the law against blas-phemy be erased from the statute book or let it be executed. . . . It would have been the grandest drama that Brooklyn had ever seen if last Sabbath my friend Patrick Campbell, the Chief of the Police, who believes in GodŠin Jesus ChristŠhad walked on the platform, followed by a platoon of police officers, and had put his hand on the shoulder of the blasphemous lecturer and said to him : " In the name of the common law, in the name of the State of New York, and in the name of the city of Brook-lyn, this infamy must stopŠmust stop here and must stop now." Yes, there is such a thing as blasphemy, and the time was when Dr. Talmage, had he lived and preached as he now preaches, would have been adjudged guilty of it. "Blasphemy," says Bouvier, "is to at-tribute to God that which is contrary to his nature, and does not belong to him, and to deny what does." It follows that every man who has a different conception of. God from that which his neighbor has, blasphemes, in the estimation of that neighbor, if he gives expression to that conception. Thus, in the eyes of the Trinitarian, the Unitarian blasphemes  when he denies the divinity of Christ and the personality of the Holy Spirit. Civil laws against blasphemy are dangerous things. Ł * Ł THE Chicago Times has the following :Š A Port Townsend doctor of divinity, according to the Spokane Spokesman, recently convened his Sunday school half an hour earlier than usual so that it might adjourn in time for the Sunday base-ball game. The good doctor has precedents for his course in the action of the fathers of the church, who adopted the customs of the heathen and their festal days, and made them the customs, and the holy days of the Church. If Port Townsend will play ball Sunday the doctor is determined that Sunday ball-playing shall be made a part of the church service. " The doctor," remarks the Sabbath Re-corder, " would have good precedent for using a portion, at least, of Sunday for sec-ular labor, if he were disposed so to use it. The edict which made Sunday in any sense a holy day gave permission to country people to work in their fields; and a bishop of the church, which established the Sun-day festival, dismissed his congregation from the Sunday service to their several occupations. We have seen, in our day, devout adherents of the same church go to mass on Sunday morning, and thence to their potato fields and wash-tubs. The conduct of the doctor above mentioned is entirely consistent with the whole history and tradition of the church which gave us the Sunday festival." Ł -41.- AFTER filling all orders received for bound volumes of THE SENTINEL for 1891, we still have on hand a few in each style of binding. As there are only a limited number of these volumes those desiring them should order at once. The prices are the same as previously announced, namely, heavy manilla paper, $1. 50 ; half roan (cloth, with leather back and cor-ners), $2.50. THE latest number of the Sentinel Li-brary which has come to our table is No. 48. " Religious Toleration vs. Religious Rights." This tract is a brief but forcible presentation of the fact that "toleration implies the power of jurisdiction " and is therefore opposed to rights. Everybody should read it. Price 1 cent. IF you want the most complete compila-tion of Sunday laws ever published send 20 cents to this office for No. 42 of the Sentinel Library. Every one at all inter-ested in Sunday laws should have a copy of this pamphlet. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards 'religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 