AMERICAN SENTINEL. 539 "The right of the other man to step in and take the job is likewise indisputable. "As long as both of these rights are respected, the striking labor and the superseding labor are equally respectable." These statements are indisputable; and from them another may be deduced; namely, that it is the duty of the Government to protect alike the man who "strikes" and the man who takes his place. These rights however are far from being respected by the opposing sides in a labor conflict, in most instances, as is testified by the violence and disorder with which most strikes are attended. But these rights must be respected, if any real advancement is to be made in the direction of establishing industrial peace upon a sound basis. Treaty With the Sultan of Sulu. THE United States, through the agency of General John C. Bates, has entered into an agreement with the Sultan of Sulu, who rules over a large number of the Southern Philippine Islands, whereby the latter are acknowledged to be under American sovereignty. The conditions of the agreement are, briefly stated, as fol-lows:Š "No persecution on account of religion. "The United States to occupy and control such parts of the Archipelago as public interest demands. "Any person may purchase land with the Sultan's consent. "Introduction of firearms prohibited. "Piracy shall be suppressed with the Sultan's assist- ance. "American courts to have jurisdiction, except in cases between natives, the Sultan to deliver up crim- inals. "United States to protect the Maros against foreign impositions. "The Sultan's subsidy, formerly paid by Spain, to be continued by the United States." By this agreement the United States will pay to the Sultan 44,900 a year, and he will be allowed to main-tain his polygamous harem and the system of slavery which has heretofore existed under his rule. A press dispatch states that "General Bates took $10,000 when he went to see the Sultan, and doubtless used the money with pacifyingresults." But if American sovereignty in those islands is to be bought from the native rulers, why was it not boughtŠor an effort made to buy itŠin the island of Luzon? The cost at which American sovereignty is being secured there, even on a precarious footing, is infinitely greater than that which would have been required to secure it on like terms with those of the agreement made with the Mohammedan ruler of Sulu. The Word "Protestant." "The Converted Catholic." THE word Protestant comes from Protest stallsŠ"standing for a witness"Šthat is, a witness for the truth, as well as a witness against error. Rome sneers at Protestantism as a religion of nega-tion, but it is deeply interesting and significant to notice that the one mark given of the throned souls in glory is a purely negative mark: Had not worshiped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.ŠRev. 20:4. Vir-tually you have here four times over the negative particle. "Art thou a king?" Pilate asked the Master; Jesus an-swered: "Thou sayest I am a King. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world that I should bear witness for the truth."ŠJohn 18:37. This is the true Protestantism, to bear witness for Divine truth against all error that might corrupt it. The nature of believing witness is clearly seen when we take instead of the Latin tetis, the Greek martusŠa martyr, witnessing even unto death; afterwards crowned with Jesus who gave His life for us. He witnessed to the truth of his teachings with his death on the cross. The testimony of believers stands for the truth, and should be equally a witness against errorŠstanding for the truth and against error. An International Petition to the Czar. "Literary Digest." THE Emperor of Russia has been approached in the most unprecedented fashion. Emboldened by his peace manifesto, a number of eminent scholars and scientists have asked him to preserve the autonomy of Finland. The address is international, written in English, French, German, Hungarian, Swedish, Dutch, Italian, and Flemish, and signed by citizens from twelve different countries. Its textŠthe German lies before usŠruns as follows:Š "The undersigned feel compelled to express their sympathy for the Finnish nation. A people not numer-ous, but able and of strong character, a people who, de-spite their rough climate, have raised themselves to a state of growing prosperity and of scientific, artistic, and educational achievements, denoting a wealth of unique civilizationŠsuch a people are now threatened with the loss of their individuality, a loss which would rob them of their greatest incentive to continue their able intellectual and economic work. It appears to us our duty to protect against this, a duty so urgent that we waive all differences of nationality. May the destruc-tion of a valuable member of the great family of Euro-pean nations be prevented. We cannot believe that the ruler who summoned the International Peace Conference will doom an able, loyal people to destruction." 