360 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 45. Ł NEW YORK, NOVFMBER 17, 1892. NomŠAny one receiving THE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. SOME months ago a Protestant student in Germany, published a brochure criti-cising the Holy Coat crusade at Troves. Bishop Korum, under whose auspices the crusade was carried on, brought suit against the author of the pamphlet with the result that he was sentenced to six week's imprisonment and his publisher to three. The case has been appealed, and will doubtless be carried to the Su-preme Court of the Empire at Leipzig. Š0Š A CRITICAL reader calls our attention to the fact that on page 330 of the current volume, in the last paragraph in the first column, a wrong scripture reference is given. The error was in the proof-read-ing; for in the copy the reference was properly given, Eze. 22: 2G. No one who felt interest enough in the matter to look up the text would be at a loss to find it; and the application was so apt that none could fail to see it. Those who substitute Sunday for the Sabbath have all Scrip-ture against them. The Sabbath " ques-tion " so-called is a " question " with only one side, so far as the Scriptures are con-cerned. Sunday as a holy day is abso-lutely unknown to Holy Writ. Š0Š COMMENTING upon Bishop Potter's arti-cle in the November Century, the Chris- tian Union says The American Sunday stands supremely as a re-ligious institution, and Bishop Potter asks with great force, For what is religion, if it be not for the revelation of moral ideas? and he proposes that on Sunday there should be in some great hall in the Exposition a noble presentation of these greater themes suggested by the glory of mechanism and art; and, in addition to this direct teaching, he suggests the rendering of the works of the great masters of music on Sunday afternoons or even-ings. This is an admirable practical illustration of Paul's direction to overcome the evil with the good. If every Sunday afternoon could be devoted to such addresses, the Exposition could be made a means of both broadening the Church's conception of Sunday and of commending the day to many who now disregard, if they do not positively resent it. And why not ? If it is the province of Congress to recognize Sunday at all as an institution of the Church and to legislate concerning it, why not carry the matter further and order the day to be observed in that way which in the judgment of our law-mdkers would best redound to the benefit of the Church and to the glorifica-tion of.  Sunday? Bishop Potter and the Christian Union  may be woefully mistaken in thinking that an open Sunday Fair would be a "means of broadening the Church's con-ception of Sunday and of commending the day to many who now disregard it," but now that Sunday and the manner of its observance have by the action of Con-gress, and that with the consent of the churches, become a political question, they are logical in demanding that the measure and manner of Sunday observance shall likewise be settled by political methods. Š0Š THE President, in his role of official high priest of this " Christian " Nation, has issued the following proclamation :Š The gifts of God to our people during the past year have been so abundant and so special that the spirit of devout thanksgiving awaits not a call, but only the appointment of a day when it may have a common expression. He has stayed the pestilence at our door; he has given us more love for the free civil institutions, in the creation of which his directing providence was so conspicuous; he has awakened a deeper reverence for law ; he has widened our philanthropy by a call to succor the distress in other lands; he has blessed our schools and is bringing forward a patriotic and God-fear-ing generation to execute his great and benevolent designs for our country; he has given us great in-crease in material wealth, and a wide diffusion of contentment and comfort in the homes of our peo-ple; he has given his grace to the sorrowing. Wherefore, I Benjamin Harrison, President of the United States, do call upon all our people to observe, as we have been wont, Thursday, the twenty-fourth day of this month of November, as a day of thanksgiving to God for his mercies and of supplication for his continued care and grace. In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed Done at the city of Washington this 4th day of November, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-two, and of the independence of the United States the one hundred and seventeenth. By the President, BENJAMIN HARRISON. JOHN W. FOSTER, Secretary of State. Š0Š IT is a little strange that while such proclamations are issued, professedly, be-cause this is a " Christian " Nation, this particular proclamation, like many others before it, bears no internal evidence of being a Christian document, or that it is issued by a Christian ruler. The veriest pagan might be the author of such a proclamation. Deioces or Cyaxares might have issued a proclamation in the exact words of this one issued by the President of this " Christian" Nation, and nobody would have even suspected thatŁ it was not designed to honor the god of Persia. If this is, as the Supreme Court holds that it is, a " Christian " Nation, the President certainly ought to issue Chris-tian proclamations; if it is a. pagan Na-tion, the proclamation in question will answer every purpose; but if the Nation is simply a civil government, organized for civil purposes, and as President Wash-ington asserted, "is in no sense founded upon the Christian religion," we should at once and forever be done with the farce of professing something which only a small per centage of the people really feel,  and which causes a professedly Christian man, an elder in a Christian church, to deny his Lord by issuing as a Christian act, a proclamation which fails to recog-nize our Lord even in the date which it bears. ŠoŠ " THE president of the Ohio State Uni-versity, a public institution, located at Columbus, Ohio," remarks the Catholic Review, "is a Methodist clergyman, the Rev. W. H. Scott. Is, did we say ? No, was; for the other day he assembled the students in the chapel and announced to them that he had resigned from the min-istry of that denomination in order to enter the `freer and larger religious life' of Pantheism. But his presence at the head of a State school, the chapel that was built on the grounds with public funds for the use of himself and his brother preachers, the last baccalaureate sermon preached there by a Presbyterian clergy-man, the Rev. Dr. Moore, and the general management of the whole place as a Prot-estant college, show what our friends mean when they insist that all our public institutions must be non-sectarian. Put a priest as president of that university, erect a chapel for the celebration of the mass, let all the professors be Catholics, invite other priests to come occasionally to address the students, and you will have the reverse of the picture of the non-sec-tarian Ohio State University as at present conducted." And the same thing might be said of other State institutions both in Ohio and elsewhere; they are non-sectarian only in the sense that in management and curric-ulum they are in harmony with the ideas of the so-called orthodox churches; Cath-olics, Jews, Freethinkers, and the smaller Protestant bodies which dissent from some of the doctrines of the dominant churches, are not considered at all. They are not regarded as having any rights that ought to be respected. - - - Š0Š WE are requested to say that Mr. E. M. Macdonald, who has since the death of D. M. Bennett been the editor of the Truth Seeker, the New York Freethought jour-nal, has become the business as well as the editorial manager. Persons having rela-tions with the Truth Seeker should address him at 28 Lafayette place, New York City. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Sitagle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - ic:  it 25 to 99 " " " ': - - .. 8)R e  <, 100 to 249 " " " ' it - - 75c. it 250 to 499 " " "' " " - - - 70c. it 000 to 999 it ti 64 it .. 65c. " 1000 or more " " " "-: shillings To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5-   Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 