AMERICAN SENTINEL. 733 and never belonged to Spain, if that authority which Spain has so long and faithfully recognized amounts to anything. * A GENERAL meeting of Indiana clergymen is an-nounced, says the Louisville Courier-Journal, for Novem-ber 27, 28, at which various topics relating to public morals will be considered. The subject of denomina-tional union, also, will be made prominent. On this point the CourierŁJournal says:Š "An effort will be made to combine all Protestant churches in one great church. This is the first step in the Central States in this direction. All the churches will retain their denominational character; cooperation in parish work will be provided; the minister of one church will preach for another and assist in evangelistic work, even though the churches be of different denomi-nations; a division of territory for canvass as to church tendencies and for spiritual work will be made, and for many other things new to Protestant churches." Church confederation is quite possible for the sun- dered Protestant ,sects; but that is another and very dif-ferent thing from Christian union. * * * MAYOR Hoos, of Jersey City, has declared himself in favor of open theaters on Sunday. He does not believe in giving the sanction of law to Puritanical ideas of reli-gion. On this point he has expressed himself thus: "God made the rose to give out its perfume on Sundays as well as week days, and there is no reason why man should not get all the legitimate enjoyment there is in life on Sundays as well as on week days. Open theaters on Sundays would keep many young men from going to haunts of vice in New York, and would benefit Jersey City. I shall do all I can to have the theaters opened on the Sabbath, and to make Sunday performances per-missible." Sunday is not the Sabbath; but if a person prefers going to the theater on the Sabbath, it is of no benefit either to him or to others to prohibit him from going by law. * IN making note of the death of the well-known news-paper writer, Mr. Harold Frederic, after having been treated by "Christian Science," the Independent, of this city, adds this appropriate comment:Š "Harold Frederic died of Christian science. It is a most curious question why this silly delusion has such a vogue, even among men, and especially women, of fair culture. The name partly explains it. It pretends to be science. Everybody nowadays believes in science, puts faith in it; but comparatively few people have any real scientific training or are competent to tell science from charlatanry. Here we might find an argument for much more careful training in science. We do not hesi-tate to say that neither Harold Frederic nor any other of the dupes otthis delusion has ever taken a real course  in any science, chemistry, physics, biology, which re-quired a careful consideration of what constitutes the proof of a proposition. They have never learned to ask Nature questions and await her answer." To which it might be added that they are also in ig-norance of the real science of Christianity. * * THE New York Sun tells this story illustrating how Christianity is shorn of its independence and degraded to the level of subjection to human authority, under the system of state maintenance of religion. It is this sys-tem which provides the army chaplains. The Sun refers to the incident as an example of "clerical intolerance," though the real intolerance was all on the other side:Š "The occasion was the memorable ceremony which took place at Khartouin when the triumphant Anglo-Egyptian army crowned their campaign of vengeance by celebrating the rights of Gordon's funeral. By common consent the various chaplains attached to Kitchener's forcesŠAnglican, Methodist, Romanist, and so forthŠhad agreed, with one exception, to recite a specially com-piled prayer during the service at the tomb. The one exception was a strangely obstinate cleric. Kitchener, hearing that the reverend gentleman in question had refused to join in reciting the prayer, promptly sent for him and asked if the rumor which had reached him were true. 'Certainly,' was the cleric's uncompromising reply. `Very well, then,' said Lord Kitchener, taking out his watch, 'I give you just five minutes to consider whether you will join in reciting this prayer or not, and if you don't I shall march you down to Cairo under arrest.' Before the five minutes were up, the Rev. Mr. Š had decided that to obey was better than sacrifice, when a man like the Sirdar was concerned, and it is satisfactory to know that at Gordon's tomb, at all events, the rep-resentatives of normally warring sects were absolutely unanimous in their petitions to heaven." Wrong Ideas of, Intolerance. THE Altoona Mirror (Pa.) reports that several men have been discharged by the Pennsylvania Railroad Company for refusing to work on Sunday, the work being such as the men deemed unnecessary on that day. The Mirror says that if the report is true, "the company is taking a step dangerous to one of the cardinal princi-ples of the American ConstitutionŠfreedom to follow the dictates of conscience; and some method of halting such interference with the right of the individual to do what he believes is right, should be sought at once." This expresses a common idea of religious intoler-ance, which people who are themselves religiously intol-erant are more apt to hold than any others. The idea is, in short, that a business firm or corporation is intol-erant if it does not make it easy for its employes to practice the principles of their religion. If it does any.. thing to make the pathway of obedience to conscience less smooth than could be desired, it is said to be inter- 