NOVEMBER 12, list, 6. A,1441MIEtILUA..N1 SIEN 357 justly administer civil authority than was the fickle, backsliding church. The wisdom of God in taking the civil supremacy from his church, was shown in the fact that his prophets and his people suffered less at the hands of heathen nations than at the hands of their own rulers. Had Israel been possessed of civil supremacy at the time of Christ, both Christ and his apostles would have been destroyed before they were. Pilate, the Roman governor, was more hu-mane than the church leaders, and the whole history of Christianity proves that when the professed Christian church Łhas sought and secured civil supremacy it has used that su-premacy to oppress mankind. Doubtless some in Israel were amazed that God would take the civil supremacy from his church and give it into the hands of those who were not of his church. Doubtless the church doubted the power of God to rule in the kingdom of men. Notwithstanding its long period of misrule it still believed itself better qualified than God to rule the nations. This is certainly true to-day. The larger portion of the professed Christian church to-day is clamoring for civil supremacy, not-withstanding the fact that the history of the civil rule of the professed Christian church is one long story of cruelty. The objection will be offered that the mis-rule arose from the fact that the "professed" Christian church ruled instead of the true church. If the true church should rule it would be otherwise. The reply to this is, first, that since the Lord has taken the civil supremacy from his church, and decreed that it shall exercise it no more Šthat it shall not be ex-ercised again until Christ conies to exercise it himself, it follows that any church that seeks this forbidden power, by that very act ceases to he the true church. Again, it is impossible for the true church to attain civil supremacy because the true church will al-ways be too few to obtain it. Christ said, "Enter ye in at the strait gate: for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: because strait is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it." Matt. 7:13, 14. " Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." Luke 12: 32. Not only was the true church to be numer-ically few, but it was to be unpopular. " If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you. If ye were of the world, the world would love his own; but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." John 15:18, 19. Not only was the true church to be few in number and unpopular, but it was to be per-cuted. " Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his Lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also." John 15: 20. " Yea. and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." 2 Tim. 3:12. " And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the rem-nant of her seed, which keep the command-ments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ." Rev. 12: 17. How would it be possible for an unpopular, persecuted, minority to gain control of the civil governments of earth ? Manifestly not until it ceased to be unpopular, ceased to be persecuted and ceased to be in the minority. Bat when the church is unpopular no more, when it is persecuted no more, when it is no  more in the minority, it is no more the true church. What the church needs to learn to-day is that "the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men" (Dan. 4: z5), that God has not com-mitted to the church the control of earthly kingdoms. He will control these if he has to send angels to destroy their armies (2 Kings 19:35), and withstand their princes (Dan. 10:13), and divide their kingdoms (Dan. 5: 28), as he has done and is doing to-day. Let the church have faith enough in the power of God to believe that he can control the gov-ernments of earth. Let it devote its energies to fulfilling its mission which is to preach the gospel, which is "the power of God unto salva-tion to everyone that believeth." " The Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men." d.  CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP. NO. 2. BY GEORGE E. FIFIELD. " GOD is love." 1 John 4: 8. Last week we sought for the source of all power, and we found that source to be God. Says D'Aubigne, "There is a living principle emanating from God, in every national move-ment. God is ever present on that vast the-atre where successive generations of men meet and struggle." " History should live by that life which belongs to it, and that life is God. The history of the world should be set forth as the annals of the government of the Sovereign King." This is true, for God is the fountain of all life, and even bad men and devils live only in him. It should be remembered though, that when he made us of free will, he limited his will by the extent of our own, making it possible for us to resist him. He, therefore, who looks only at the outward show of things in this world of sin, will often see other than God's will wrought out. Only he who looks within, and beyond, and above all this con-flict of evil,Šonly he will catch a glimpse of the King Eternal, and know that he is still supreme, and that the everlasting tendencies of all things are toward the realization of his divine ideal. The Irresistible and the Divine. Immersed in the turmoil of one of our large cities, amid the grand works of man, and surrounded by the hum and throng of multitudinous life, it would almost seem as if the world itself were a thing of human effort, and human struggle. But he who ascends to a sufficient elevation loses sight of the passing conflict and no longer hears its contentions. He discovers that the merely human is diminishing as the panorama be-neath him is extending. And if he could attain to the truly philosophical the general point of view, disengaging himself from all terrestrial influences and entanglements, rising high enough to see the whole globe at a glance, his acutest vision would fail to discover the slightest indication of man, his free will or his works. In her resistless onward sweep, in the clock-like precision of her daily and mighty revolutions, in the well-known pic-tured forms of her continents and seas, now no longer dark, but shining with a planetary light, he beholds only the irresistible, and the divine. Well might he ask what has become of all the aspirations and anxieties, the pleasures, the agony, and the struggle of human life. As the human and voluntary vanished from sight, the irresisitible and the divine re- mained, and became each movement more distinct. This well illustrates two views of human history. From the human standpoint, gazing as merely one of the struggling, thronging, scheming crowd, too often we see the false and the evil triumph, while truth, ever wear-ing its crown of thorns, toils, cross-laden, up new Calvaries to be crucified afresh. But lifted by inspired prophetic vision to the divine summit, or viewpoint, we may behold the evil and the human disappear, while the Prince of Peace and King of Truth is seen triumphing ever onward toward the final, the universal, and eternal victory. It is only the point of view that has changed, but on this how much has de-pended. A little nearer we behold the strug-gles and the victories and defeats of human ambition, a little farther off we realize the panoramic vision of Deity.* God's Ideal of Government. But now, since God is really and truly King over all, we want to know his character and what are his ideals of government. Inspiration tells us " God is love." He is not love and justice, for justice is only one of the manifestations of love. How can he who loves all with an impartial love, be unjust to any ? Mercy and grace are also only manifestations of love. Even the om-niscience of God is an attribute of his love. He is all-knowing because he is all-loving. Envy and hatred and jealousy cannot know love; they do not even know themselves. Once, unselfish Love was in the world, and they crucified Him because they "knew Him not." Only love comprehendeth love, and it can know all things. Even the wrath of God is revealed in the holy book to be only the manifestation of his love. Jesus was here to reveal God. He infinitely loved the sinner, while he infinitely hated the sin. This therefore is true of God. He hates the sin because it is the enemy of the sinner whom he loves. The measure of his hatred of the sin, is the measure of his love for the sinner. Sin means misery and death, and because God is love, he has ever-lastingly decreed that sin with its misery and woe must go, and that there shall be a clean universe, and all tears shall be wiped away. All God's wrath is against sin, not against the sinner. The plan of redemption is his effort to separate the sin from the sinner, that he may destroy the sin, and save the sinner alive. Only those who inseparably connect themselves with sin have to drink God's wrath, and God says, " As I live, . . . I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye, from your evil ways; for why will ye die ? " This shows that even at the last God's wrath is not against the sinner, but only against the sin. The sinner has so connected himself with sin as to be compelled to drink God's wrath against sin. For this God grieves, but it is the best thing that love can do, both for the universe and_ for the sinner himself. Thus God is seen to be all love, and only love, and all his attributes are only the at-tributes of love. As God is love his law is a law of love. "Thou shalt have no other God's before me." He pleads for our supreme love because he loves us supremely. He would lift all his creatures into the undivided worship of one All Father, that they might be one, happy unbroken family of brothers and sisters. He forbade image worship, for it is ever by symbolizing God that men have * Illustration adapted from Draper. 