q48 SINTINVLe Vol,. 9, NO. gi. NEW YORK, AUGUST 2, 1894. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL, without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Finnish Parliament has passed an act prohibiting railroad traffic, and deliv-ery of mail, on Sunday. EVERY member of a Harrisburg, Pa., baseball club was recently fined four dollars and costs, for playing ball on Sun-day, June 30. AN order forbidding the sale of soda water in Cambridge, Mass., has resulted in-the closing of the drug stores from mid-night of Saturday to the same hour of Sunday. THE Baltimore Herald publishes the statement that the respectable people of Church Hill, Md., have no sympathy with the riotous demonstrations against the Seventh-day Adventists. IN this country we hear much about the " American Sabbath," and we are warned against the " European Sabbath." In Canada they talk of the " Canadian Sab-bath," and fear the demoralizing influ-ences of the " American Sabbath." THE Seventh - day Adventist church building at Church Hill, Md., has been dedicated; notwithstanding the threats of a number of rude fellows of the baser sort, who supposed that they could frighten an, Adventist preacher by Whitecap meth-ods. IT is stated that " the giving of the ballot to the women of Colorado is impart-ing new life to the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union of that State. It has placed them in a position where every blow counts, and they are vigorously improving their opportunity." Not a bit of doubt of it! ON another page we begin the publica-tion of a speech by Hon. G. Amyot, a member of the House of Commons, can-ada, against the passage of a Sunday bill, entitled, " An Act to Secure the Better Observance of the Lord's Day, Commonly Called Sunday." A notable feature of the speech is Mr. Amyot's recognition of the vital question at stake in Sunday observ-ance. He declares that the man who at-tempts to enforce Sunday observance by law undertakes " to compel a great num-ber of his fellow-citizens to disobey the word of God and to obey the words of the church of which they do not approve." This is the situation in a nutshell; and  rather than thus prove disloyal to their God, Seventh-day Adventists choose to suffer in prisons, in chain-gangs, and in exile. THE first number of the Australian Sen-tinel and Herald of Liberty, published in Melbourne, has reached our table. The Australian Sentinel is, like the AMERICAN SENTINEL, "set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompro-misingly opposed to a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact." Its editors are not unknown to our read-ers, being A. G. Daniels, W. C. Colcord and J. 0. Corliss. We wish this new advocate of soul liberty prosperity in its good work. THE Committee on Education of the New York State Constitutional Convention having in charge the proposed section de-signed to prevent sectarian appropriations, has reported ten to three in its favor, to the convention. It reads as follows :Š Neither the State nor any sub-division thereof shall use its property or credit or any public money, or authorize or permit either to be used, directly or indi-rectly, in aid or maintenance of schools or other insti-tutions of learning, wholly or partly under the direc-tion or control of any religious denomination, or in which any denominational tenet or doctrine is taught. It will be seen that this leaves the door wide open for that colorless thing called " unsectarian religious instruction." That which is held in common by a number of denominations is not generally regarded as denominational, though in fact it is so whether held by one denomination or by forty. THE Christian Statesman says that the Government, by its mail contracts, requires "hundreds of thousands to set at naught the law of the Most High," in the Sunday mail service. Will the Statesman please to be more definite and point out the divine law which prohibits the carrying of mail on Sunday ? Our contemporary must realize that the claims of the Sun-day Sabbath are at a great disadvantage because, without the vestige of biblical authority. What would not the whole National Reform outfit give for one "Thus saith the Lord" for Sunday observance! But they have it not. The wealth of the world could not buy it, and so they must continue to steal the livery of heaven in which to serve the pagan Sunday. Oh, the wickedness of applying the fourth commandment to Sunday ! THE National Reform Association has one of its secretaries at Albany trying to secure the adoption of a so-called " Chris-tian " preamble to the new constitution. The present preamble reads thus :Š We, the people of the State of New York, grateful to Almighty God for our freedom, in order to secure its blessings, do establish this constitution, It would seem that this ought to satisfy even a National Reformer, but it don't, and so Mr. Weir, a citizen of Pennsylva-nia, wants this adopted in its stead :Š We, the people of the State of New York, grateful  to Almighty God for our freedom, in order to secure its blessings, as a Christian people in the name and by the authority of our Lord Jesus Christ, on whose shoulder is the government, do establish this consti-tution. This is monstrous. To begin with, the people of this State are not, properly speaking, thankful to God for freedom; they are not, in any proper sense, a "Christian people; " and certainly as long as Tammany bears rule, the government of New York is not on Christ's shoulder. Let no lie be incorporated into our funda-mental law. Let the old preamble stand; or better yet, substitute this:Š We, the people of the State of New. York, in order to secure to ourselves and our posterity the benefits of good and stable government, do establish this consti-tution. AND now let the National Reformers rise up in their wrath and pronounce curses both loud and deep on the nation: the attorney for the District of Columbia has decided that ordinarily the word " daily " would not include Sunday, that being a dies non, but that in the matter of removing garbage it means just what it says. " Garbage is accumulated on Sunday as well as on other days," writes Mr. Thomas, " and since its presence is just as objectionable to health on Sundays as on other days, the word ' daily,' it seems to me, must be considered as used in the contract with reference to the serv-ice to be performed, and must, therefore, in the nature of things, include Sundays." Now let Mr. Crafts declare that the nation cannot be preserved without reli-gion, nor religion without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath while the District of Colum-bia removes its garbage upon Sunday. Let Dr. George renew his onslaught on Congress, and let Joseph Cook expand his broad palm and closing his fingers one by one, clinch the Sunday argument in this most unhappy and inconclusive way. "What Do These Things Mean?" THE leading editorial in this paper, on the signs of the times, has been printed in tract form, together with the two articles on the same subject which immediately preceded it. This tract is No. 24 of the Religious Liberty Library, 20 pages; price 2+ cents. Usual discount to dealers. Order of Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, this city, or of International Religious Liberty Association, Battle Creek, Mich. ANOTHER excellent tract on the same subject is " The Great Strike a Fulfill-ment of Prophecy : " No. 60 of the Sentinel Library, 8 pages; price 1 cent. Order of Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City, or Oakland, Cal. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - 25 to 99 " " " 100 to 249 " " " 250 to 499 " " " " Ai Ai 500 to 999 " " " " it 1000 or more " " " 6C To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - Address, 30c 80o 75c - - - 70c - - 55c - - - 000 5 shillings AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York CItY, 