LINCOLN'S MONUMEN T, SPRINGFIELD, ANIERICAN SENTINEL. 89 judicial encroachments? Or did they suppose that su-preme judges were so decidedly infallible that there was no possibility of their encroaching even unconsciously? Did they think it impossible for that Court to make a mistake?ŠNothing of the kind. They knew that even supreme judges, being only men, are just like other men, having the same weaknesses and the same liability to mistakes as other men, and therefore being as liable as legislators to mistake the meaning of the Constitution and to encroach upon the rights of the people. And knowing that " a court from which there is no appeal is apt to forget cir-cumspection in its sense of security," and is thereby only the more apt to make mistakes and encroachments,the people, while set-ting the Supreme Court as the bul-wark against leg-islative encroach-ments, retained to themselves the right of final ap-peal, judgment and decision upon the decisions of the court touching all questions of the Constitution. (b) " Where there is a conflict between the Consti-tution and a deci-sion of the court," etc. But if every decision of the Su-preme Court is fi-nal in all respects; and if said deci-sions are to be ac-cepted as final as to the meaning of the Constitution; then it would be impossible that there ever could be any such thing as a conflict between the Constitution and a decision of the Court. Yet,, as it is expressly declared in the Constitution that the people have reserved certain rights and powers exclusively to themselves, and so have forbidden the Su-preme Court any jurisdiction in these, it is clearly possi-ble for a conflict to be made between the. Constitution and a decision of the curt, And where there is a conflict  there must of necessity be some authority to decide. And as the people made both the Constitution and the Court; and as the people stand outside of and above both the,  Constitution and the Court; it is perfectly plain that in all cases of conflict between the Constitution and the preme Court, the right of final judgment and decision lies with the people as an inalienable right. (c) The court "has only a, delegated authority, and every opinion contrary to the tenor of its commission is void." But if every 71 decision of the court is to be ac-cepted as final in all respects, how would it be possi-ble for any opinion ever to be void ? And even though it were possible, how could the fact of its being void ever be discovered? ..It is true that the court has only a delegated author-ity, and that every opinion contrary to the tenor of its commission, that is, every opinion contrary to the tenor of the Con-stitution, is void. And it is equally true that it lies with the people, who delegated this authority, to dis-covery and to dis-regard and set aside as void every such opinion. And this prerogative lies with the people as their inalienable right, (d) "An act of the Legislature at variance with the Constitution is pronounced void. An opinion of the Su-preme Court at variance,with the Constitution is equally so." An act of the Legislature at variance with the Con-stitution is pronounce void by the Supreme Court. But when an opinion of the Supreme Court is at variance with the Constitution, whose prerogative is it to pro-nounce this void and to treat it so?ŠClearly this is the prerogative and right of the people. It is here said, and repeated, that every,  such opinion 