44 AMERICAN SENTINEL. moment that he used to have some one to read to him even while he ate. He built a beautiful cathedral at La Chapelle, in Germany, which you can still see; therein is the very chair in which he was buried for near two hun-dred years, till Otho III removed the, remains. Please write: Charlemagne died in the year 814, when he was seventy years old, having reigned nearly fifty years. "Now you may all be dismissed, and see how much you can tell your parents to-night about Charles the Great or Charlemagne." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. He "Shall Wear Out the Saints of the Most High." "WELL, Charlie, what is the next specification in the prophecy concerning the papal power?" "'He . . . shall wear out the saints of the Most High," read Charlie. "What does it mean to wear out anything, Charlie?" "Why, mama, I should think you would know when you have a boy like me. See here, my knees are almost coming through my pants, and they will soon need an-other patch.", "Well, how did you wear them out?" "Why, just by wearing them out, by giving them a knock here, and a scuff there, by tumbling, climbing, and scuffling at school, by straining and tearing, you know, mam,a." "Then you did not do it all in a minute?" "No. I did it by slow processes, as it were." "All right. How did the papacy wear out the saints of the Most High?" "By keeping at them. By all sorts of persecutions. I'll show you," said Charlie, taking " Foxe's Book of Martyrs" from the shelf. "Look at these pictures, and you'll see. Here is a man on the rack. They would rack him for awhile, and then if he would not recant, and be a hypocrite, they would put him in a cell fora few days and rack him again. They hung heretics up-  by the thumbs, burned them at the stake, baked them in slow ovens, sealed them up in the walls of buildings, flayed them and rubbed them with salt, pulled out their tongues, and seared out their eyes. 0 mama, it is dreadful to think of the way in which men used to be tortured. The mar-tyrs must have had a living connection with God, and have known real help, or they never could have stood true to truth.. How glad I am it's all over." Mrs. Ross sighed and looked troubled. "All you have described is wonderfully real and vivid to me; for I have visited places in London, and in other parts of the world, where men were burned at the stake, and where these very tortures were enacted. I stood on the very spot at Smithfield, London, where some of the most godly men were burned at the stake for their faith, and entered the old Norman cathedral opposite the spot, at the door of which the priest stood holding up the crucifix, and urging the martyr to recant ere the flame touched him." "I should think the sight of Christ dying on the cross would have helped the martyr to die for him. How very inconsistent it was to hold up the crucifix for such a pur-pose!" "After visiting Smithfield I went to Madame Tus-sand's wax-work exhibition, and there in 'the chamber of horrors' saw a very realistic representation of the Inqui-sition. "For weeks after seeing that horrible sight, I felt nervous and frightened when alone; but now I am glad that I visited the chamber of horrors. There are many places in the world where you may still see frightful in-struments of torture. At Nuremburg is a building given up to a diabolical display of torture instruments. Even in this generation buildings have been torn down in Spain, whose double walls were found packed with the skeletons of martyrs. The whole earth is sprinkled with the graves of those who died because they chose.Christ for their heart's king, and would not permit self in any forip to wield the scepter." "Maina, how many martyrs do you suppose there were?" "The very lowest estimate given by history is fifty millions. But I think with others that it is more than likely that they never will be numbered till the earth dis-closes her dead. Now I want you to read a few scriptures just to see by what figures the prophet describes the blotting out of the saints of God. What is to cover the earth? Read Isa. 62:2." Charlie read : "For, behold, darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people." "When darkness covers the earth, what do we call the time?" "Night time," said Charlie. "The darkness spoken of here is spiritual darkness, or spiritual night. "What appears in the sky at night?" "The moon and, stars," said Charlie. "Why do the moon and stars give light?" "The moon and the planets reflect the sun's light; the stars are suns in themselves." "For carrying out the figure, we will call the moon and the stars or planets that reflect light, the people of God. Our Saviour is the Sun of Righteousness, and the moon and stars of God are those who shed his light into earth's spiritual night. "What does the prophet declare shall be seen upon God's people?" "The glory of God." "What is God's glory?" "You told me once," said Charlie," "that it was his love. Moses prayed, Show me thy glory, and God said he would let his goodness pass before him." "Then what is to appear on the people of God?" "The goodness or character of God." "What did Jesus say his people were to be in the world's darkness?" "The light of the world." 