234 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. save the Nation. But the whole thing is a fraud from beginning to end, just as is every other at-tempt to justify religious legislation. Corruption of morals precedes the profanation of the Sabbath just as it does the profanation of the name of God. Man's morals has got to be corrupt be-fore he will =profane either the name or the day of God. Therefore, the first thing to do is to purify the morals, and that in itself will prevent the pro-fanation of the day. nut this can be done only by the inculcation of the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and that can be done only by the power of the Spirit of God, and never by legisla-tion. If the Lord could have stopped the cor-ruption of morals in this world by law, he never would have needed to send the gospel. Then, having started in the wrong way, it is inevitable that the farther they go the farther they will be from the right. It is not at all sur-prising therefore to find him presently making this statement :Š " Bishop Vincent, during the Christian Workers' council recently held in this city, expressed ,a great truth when he said, Better have the old Puritan Sab-bath with all its somberness and rigidity, than the present laxity of Sabbath observance with its corres-ponding laxity and lowness of morals." Yes, no doubt the Sunday-law preachers would count that ever so much better than the present condition of things, because then the preachers ruled everything. Then the Sunday laws com-pelled everybody to go to church on Sunday, and if there was no church in the country of their own profession, they were compelled to go to the church of another profession and listen to the preaching there. Absence from the ministry of the word was punishable by a fine ; and then, when people were thus compelled, under penalty, to go to church and listen to the preaching, it was such preaching as, said one of the victims, " was meat to be digested, but only by the heart or stomacke of an ostrich." Yes, we have no doubt that the Sunday-law preachers would be glad to see those good old times again. That is just what they are trying to bring about by their National Sunday law which is to make the State laws effective. And some of these State laws do actually at this hour of the nineteenth century command at- tendance at church on Sunday. The reader will perhaps wonder where, in all the Doctor's discussion, the civil Sabbath and its observance come in. In fact it doesn't come in at 01. He says "we are commanded to keep it holy, and its sacred hours are to be employed in religious meditation and worship, and in deeds of charity and mercy." He speaks of "the silent, but insidious and steady, encroachment of traffic and trade upon the sacredness of our holy day." He speaks of railroads being " flagrant viola-ters of the sanctity of the Sabbath." He says " the Christian Sabbath is in great peril." He says that Mr. Crafts "should receive the hearty co-operation of all persons who desire the perpe-tuity of our Christian Sabbath and the cessation of its desecration." He says "the Sabbath is one of the chief safeguards of morality," and quotes Justice McLean as saying that where there is no Christian Sabbath there is no Christian morality. He says the Sabbath is "essential to morality" "and much more " to the " preservation of relig-ion;" and that "Sabbath desecration of all kinds imperils the very existence of our holy Christian-ity." He says they must " labor unitedly and earnestly to secure the enforcement of Sunday laws where such exist, and to secure the enact- ment of better laws for the protection of this holy day;" and that the Christian church is the natural custodian of the Sabbath. Now if anybody can find anywhere in that, any hint of the civil Sabbath we should like to have it pointed out. If it is the civil Sabbath, why didn't he say we are commanded to keep it civilly? and that its civil hours are to be em-ployed about civil things? Why didn't -the talk about the insidious and steady encroachment of traffic and trade upon the civility of our civil day ? Why didn't he arraign the railroads as` being flagrant violaters of the civility of the Sabbath ? Why didn't he say the civil Sabbath is in great peril ? Why didn't he say that the Sabbath is one of the chief safeguards of civility? Why didn't he say that the Sabbath is essential to the preservation of civility ? If it is the civil Sab-bath they want, and which they want laws to preserve, why didn't he say that the civil gov-ernment rather than the Christian church is the natural custodian of it? The mere asking of these questions fully answers every one of them, and exposes the sophistry of all their plea for civil Sabbath. There is no such thing. There never was and there never can be any such thing as a civil Sabbath. A. T. J. Reasons (?) for the Religious Amend- ment. REV. D. W. WILLIAms, of Weatherford, Texas, has an article in the Christian Statesman of July 4, in which he answers the question, "What good will the proposed acknowledgment of God in our national Constitution do ?" He gives ten reasons (?) why the amendment should he adopted, only a few of which need be noticed however. His fourth is this:Š " It would obviate the difficulty resulting from the first amendment, which restrains Congress from pro-hibiting the free exercise of any kind of religion, how-ever false and hurtful it may be. Mormonism is a kind of religion ; therefore, according to the Constitu-tion, it must not be interfered with. Let Christianity be recognized as the true religion, and the difficulty will be removed." This idea is not original with Mr. Williams. The same thing, substantially, has been stated and re-stated many times by National Reformers. Ł In the Pittsburg Convention of 1874, Prof. C. A. Blanchard said :Š "Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures, and of course Congress estab-lishes a standard for money, weight, and measure. So Congress must establish a standard of religion, or admit anything called religion." This simply means that, whereas Congress now has no right to define or to establish a re-ligion, under the amended Constitution it would have that right. It follows that it will also have the right to enforce the established religion and to forbid the exercise of all others. Mr. Williams seeks to convey the idea that un-der the Constitution as it now stands, Congress has no right to prohibit polygamy, but the Su-preme Court of the United States has decided that Congress has that right, and the right has been exercised, so that the existence of polygamy can no longer fairly be made an argument in fa-vor of National Reform. National Reformers have insisted that they do not want a union of Church and State, but ac-cording to their own statements, that is certainly just what they do want, because when Congress de-fines the Christian religion, that statement of what constitutes Christianity becomes the State creed.  Whether that creed is held by only one church or by forty, it is none the less a State creed and a State religion, and it follows of necessity that the courts will pass upon all religious questions. Mr. Williams's sixth reason is, thatŠ "It would furnish "a constitutional basis for all our Christian laws, usages, and institutions. It is argued that our Sabbath laws, our chaplaincies, our thanks-giving days, etc., are unwarranted by the Constitu-tion. Let that document be thoroughly Christianized and these objectors will be silenced. Moreover, it would be a security against unchristian legislation in the future, as statutory law must conform to constitu-tional laws." There is a great deal involved in this. It sim-ply means that, if the law of God were declared to be the fundamental law of the land, all legis-lation would have to be conformed to it, or rather to some authoritative interpretation of it ; we would then see all our courts, from the United States District Court to the Supreme Court, sitting in judgment upon the decalogue and deciding what it requires and what it forbids. This state of affairs would inevitably follow the adoption of the National Reform Constitution. Another reason urged by Mr. Williams why the amendment should be adopted is, that " we need an oath that will bind the consciences by the sense of religious obligation." It seems hardly probable that the gentleman would wish to be taken just as he says in giving this reason. He would certainly not wish to be understood as say-ing that the oath as administered in our courts would not bind his conscience. The fact is, if a man has proper regard for the truth, an affirmation is just as sacred as an oath. The writer would not be understood as disparaging the judicial oath. It is right and proper to take such oaths, but it is not clear how an honest, intelligent man can regard one form of oath as any more binding on the conscience than another form. And the "Christian" who would testify falsely unless sworn on the Bible, or unless the name of God was used in. the oath, is a Christian only in name. It is stated that a Chinaman does not regard an oath as binding unless he is sworn by the blood of a white chicken, but I have supposed that the standard among Christians was higher than that, and that they told the truth not because of an oath but because of a conscientious regard for truth. Perhaps, however, some of the National Reformers feel that they cannot tell the truth unless they are sworn according to the National Reform order. Is that the way that Mr. Williams wishes to be understood ? C. P. BOLLMAN. .4- Ł  REV. W. D. Gray, secretary of the Missouri National Reform Convention recently held at Sedalia, said : "I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an hfort to change that feature in our fundamental law." Here, then, is something thoroughly an-tagonistic to the chief principle underlying the structure of our government. Why not put the Rev. Mr. Gray, or some other good National Re-former, in as dictator, both of the religious and civil rights of our citizens ? We still are inclined to believe, however, that the man who wrote the Declaration of Independence and those Who drafted the Constitution of the United States, had a better conception of human rights and a higher regard for religion, than has the Rev. Gray and his National Reform colleagues. We also believe that when Lincoln declared that this ought to be a Government "of the people, for 