96 AdDIEJECI C ILd'i,— Vol,. 9. No. 12. NEW YORK, MARCH 22, 1894. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. HENRY W. BLAIR, will, it iS said, soon introduce into the House a bill for a na-tional Sunday law. THE Christian Patriot says that Catho-lic priests and " Protestant " pastors are working together in Wisconsin for a bet-ter observance of Sunday. WILL the person who sent us the article entitled, " Rome in Ireland, and as She Will Be in America," please send his name. The article is without signature, and we have forgotten, if we ever knew, who sent it. THE American Sabbath Union, so-called, has issued a circular suggesting that on the first day of April next the observance of Sunday be made the subject of special in-struction and prayer, as has been the custom for several years past. OUT of nineteen items in the column of " Secular News," in a late issue of the Christian Standard, ten have reference to the legal enforcement of Sunday closing. This is indicative of the proportionate .stress laid upon the " secular " religion. THE Judiciary Committee of the Senate and House will not hear anything further upon the proposition to insert a religious amendment into the preamble of the Con-stitution, at present. It is understOod, however, that no action will be taken without giving a full opportunity to those who oppose the amendment to state the grounds of their opposition before the committees. THE question of Sunday street cars in Toronto will not down, and so the friends of a puritanic Sunday are appealing to the legislature to interfere in the matter and enact a law to prevent repeated sub-missions of the question to the people. This is characteristic of the Sunday move-ment throughout. The Sunday leaders are willing that the people should rule only when that rule is in favor of Sun-day. REPRESENTATIVE MEIKLEJOHN, of Ne-braska, has reported from the House Com-mittee on Public Lands a bill authorizing the issue of a patent to the Presbyterian Board of Home Missions for certain lands on the Omaha Indian Reservation. Meik-lejohn's report was ordered printed and referred to the Committee of the Whole  House on the state of the Union. Com-menting upon this statement, for which the Congressional Record is authority, an exchange remarks :Š The union between Church and State, we presume, is the " union" to which reference is made ; at least, that would be a fair inference from the nature of the report. The bestowal of public lands upon the Church is no new thing. Just here the question arises: Has Congress authority to give to a church any portion of an Indian reservation without the formal consent of the tribe to which the land belongs ? But if the land in question is United States property, there is no question about the illegality of such action as that recommended in Mr. Meiklejohn's report. We understood that the Presbyterians had decided not to accept any more appro-priations from the Government. It is true that good resolve referred to money, but is not the same principle involved ? Is there any essential difference between ac-cepting money and demanding land ? MARCH 11, an attempt was made in Indianapolis, Ind., to blow up the office of the Ironclad Age, about the wickedest paper in the United States. The office is heated by natural gas, which was turned on and a single jet left burning so that an explosion must have occured but for the timely arrival of the editor. It is to be regretted exceedingly that any one call-ing himself a Christian would imagine for a moment that there is any possible justi-fication for such an act. The outrage was the conception of a dastard, not of a Christian. REGARDING the progress of Roman Ca-tholicism in the great metropolis of the central United States, Donahoe's Maga-zine says:Š Chicago's Catholic population comprised in 1853 only two hundred souls; to-day it is more than half a million. This phenomenal progress of Catholicity within such a comparatively short space of time is without parallel in the history of any church. . . Ł The onward march of the Catholic Church, within its limits, has been proportionately swifter and steadier than that of the city itself. The boast contained in this last sentence is not without foundation; the same thing is as true of other growing centers of pop- ulation in this country as it is of Chicago. THE Catholic Mirror gives this startling evidence of its comprehension of prophecy and understanding of the lessons of his-tory :-- Yes, there will be revolts, insurrections and rebel-lions at the sound of the tocsin of anarchy, the torch of the incendiary will be applied to the capitalist's property as well as the dynamiter's bomb to his life; they will seek revenge and will find it; but neither in that ignoble satisfaction nor in compliance with the other desire of their heart, will they have the liberty for Which they pant. . . . They will do a bloody work, to their own destruction; but they will also do God's work, for they will purify the elect, and separ-ate the wheat from the chaff. . , . Meanwhile let society awaken; . . . The approaching deluge can be averted as little as the persecution of the Christians during the first ages, or the French Revolution could be prevented. It will come. For it seems to belong to the designs of Providence and the plan of history. Now let the Mirror look as clearly into  the prophetic part that the great religious organization, of which it is a mouthpiece, is to play in this approaching deluge of violence. " SPIRITUALISM," says the Catholic Re-view, "is rapidly developing into a recog-nized religion and will shortly put on all the trappings of separate congregations. In Baltimore, Mrs. Rachel Wolcott has been installed as pastor of the First Spir-itualistic Church of that city, and has al-ready a fairly large body of parishioners. Indeed, that devilish deceit is making progress in the Monumental City and has led astray a number of persons who ought to be well-instructed Catholics. They have been misled by the genuine revela-tions made at seances to take the fallen angels for what they claimed to beŠthe spirits of the deadŠand once admit that they are what they claim and that they are trustworthy in their statements and the end is abandonment of Christianity, the denial of the divinity of Christ, rejec-tion of belief in the orthodox heaven and hell, and the acceptance of all the inven-tion of those children of the father of lies." Spiritualism is certainly all that the Catholic Review claims that it is, namely, intercourse with fallen angels; but Rome has no right to take issue with Spiritual-ism. With her doctrine of natural, in-herent immortality, conscious state of the dead, prayers to saints, patron saints, etc., how can Rome successfully meet Spiritualism ? She cannot, and will ere-long practically unite with that delusion for the purpose of receiving from her " saints " confirmation of her unscriptural dogmas. Only those who believe as the Scriptures declare, " that the dead know not anything," can successfully withstand the assaults of this modern devil worship. APRIL 5, we shall commence the publica-tion of a series of articles, which will be devoted to the examination of some of the fundamental errors of the Roman Catholic Church. Among the subjects discussed will be, Justification by faith or penance, which ? Infallibility, where is it found ? The real presence, in what does it consist ? etc. Everybody, both Protestant and papist, ought to read these articles ; cer-tainly, no Sabbath-keeper can afford to miss them; and there can be no better missionary work among Catholics than supplying them with the papers contain-ing these articles. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,?rear, 900ce  25 t 99" " - 8  - - 75e - - - 70c 66 65c " - - - 60c 100 to 249 " " " 250 to 499 " $6 500 to 999 " " 1000 or more " " To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 