540 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The czar refused to receive the petition. Instead, the oppression of the Finns becomes more rigorous and the last papers published in Finnish have been suppressed. Politiken, Copenhagen, thinks this will hardly have the desired effect. It says:Š "The more you rob a vigorous people of their politi-cal rights, the more their national feeling is strength-ened. If the use of the printing press is prohibited, the pen or the typewriter must be employed. If the mails are closed to such matter, other means of -communica-tion will be found. The mouths of the Finns cannot be closed." As a matter of fact, the resistance of the Finns, though not open, is very determined. The threats of the governor, General Bobrikoff, have failed to procure for Prince Vladimir, the czar's uncle, a pleasant reception. At Abo, where the governor hoped to muster a large number of loyalists, only six persons could be found who accepted an invitation to meet the prince at dinner. The Nieuws van den Dag, Amsterdam, thinks the Finns and their friends should have agitated at the Peace Confer-ence. "It would have been such fun," says the paper. - But many people think the foreign petition injudi dons. . . . The St. James Gazette says:Š "We wonder whether any one of the more or less dis tinguished men who signed the English petition to the czar asking him not to be unkind to the Finns imagined for an instant that they would succeed in altering the policy of the Russian empire. Did they think the em-peror would say to himself, 'Bless my heart, there must be something in this Finnish case after all, for the author of "Jude the Obscure" says so, and so do the authors of some quite learned books in English. I must see that my ministers change all they have done for the last year or so in this matter'? If they did not think like this, what purpose did they imagine would be served by their interference? We of course entirely share the views of the petitioners, but that does not prevent us also shar-ing the astonishment that stunned the minister of the imperial household for twenty-four hours when he was approached by a deputation of learned professors in twelve languages, intent on persuading the czar to listen to them instead of his own ministers. No one seemed quite to know what to do with the gentlemen, who were therefore forwarded from one place to another like a lost parcel, till at last they managed to get a civil dismissal from the Minister of the Interior. Of course they got nothing more for their trouble.Š Fruit a Cure for Inebriety. "Union Signal." Do y017 know any one who is a large fruit consumer who is a drunkard? If you do, I do not. And why? In conversation with a physician on this subject, he admitted the fact and justifies it with this reason, that the desire among horticulturists for liquor is, compara-tively speaking, unknown to those living largely on sub- acid fruit, and that one of the mildest and speediest cures for the liquor appetite is a habitual fruit diet. Another says that the eating of tomatoes with salt by one addicted to alcoholic beverages will soon make liquor as a beverage offensive, undrinkable and ungrate-ful to the stomach, so much so that it will nauseate when drunk. If so, this is the cheapest remedy yet of-fered and should supplant the "Keeley cure." The Other Side of the Klondike Picture. "The Christian Advocate," New York City. THE arrival of vessels from Alaska laden with gold, bringing home many gold-hunters who have been suc-cessful in their quest, will probably result in inducing many others to try their luck in Alaska. But there are awful stories of distress, poverty, suffering, and death coming out of that enticing land which should .act as a deterrent. The government is now asked, for instance, to send relief vessels to Katzebue Sound, where about one thou-sand miners are said to be stranded and in great danger of extermination. Twelve hundred people went into the Katzebue country well fitted out for the search for gold, and two hundred succeeded in getting over the snow last winter. Many died en route, and there are nearly one thousand people on the shore of the sound waiting for a chance to come home. No merchant vessels will run to that district this year, and the whalers which call in there for fresh water will not take passengers. Even if the miners had the means of getting home, it is doubtful if they could buy their passage. Many of them have been sick with scurvy, and are going to float down the several streams running into the sound, with the intention of waiting for government help. Sunday at Ocean Grove, N. J. As NEAR an approach to the old-time Puritan Sun-day as can be found, probably, in the United States to-day, is to be met at Ocean Grove, N. J., during the sum-mer months. Ocean Grove is a pleasure resort, and during the summer season has a population of 60,000 or 70,000. But it is under the control of an association of Methodists, and most of the customary features of a summer pleasure resort are conspicuous by their ab-sence. Their loss is, of course, for the most part, the people's gain. The disreputable element of society give the place a wide berth, and this in itself is an attraction to people of the better class. Of the puritanical features of the place, a writer for the Evening Post says:Š "Card-playing and dancing are also proscribed, and the puritanical Sunday is most rigidly enforced. At twelve o'clock on Saturday night the town's gates close. 