50 .THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Of this latter class are multitudes who attend meetings, show respect to Christianity, but have no personal, heart-felt interest in it. Many of these would no doubt vote for the amendment. If, then, the amendment were adopted it would not be by a vote indicative of the "prevailing sentiment of the nation." But in order that this national confession of Christ should be free from the worldly motives which may taint the individual confession, as Mr. Gault claims that it would be, there must not be merely a "pre-vailing sentiment," but a universal sentiment of adherence to pure Christianity; but none but the wildest dreamer expects that such a state will ever mark our national politics. An indi-vidual confession of Christ must be single-minded; if the motives of the heart are mixed, partly for Christ and partly for Baal, the con-fession is worthless. how, then, can a national confession of Christianity be more certainly and necessarily pure than an individual confes-sion, while a large proportion of the individuals composing the nation are irreligious? And not only so, but according to Mr. Gault's own statement, the confession of that part of the individuals `professing religion may be tainted with "motives of hypocrisy," yet the religion of the nation, in the aggregate, would be high above all hypocritical motives. And therefore it is an accepted fact, according to the philosophy of these reformers, that the religion of the na-tion would be necessarily higher and purer than the religion of 'the individuals composing the nation l Yea, more; though only a part of the nation is religious at all, the religion of the whole nation would be purer than that of the religious part of the nation. Just where this super-abundance of pure national religion would be lodged is not easy to see. If it were in the hearts of the people as individuals, then individ-ual confessions of Christ would be as free from "motives of hypocrisy" as the national con-fession would be; but " Rev. Mr. Gault " says they are not. Here is abundant room for Mr, Gault to " rise and explain." It is also in order for these professed National Reformers to point to a national confession of Christianity, from the time of Constantine to the present, which has been worthy of our deep respect because of its purity or freedom from motives of hypocrisy. While Christianity was separate from the State, and while Christians were oppressed and persecuted by the State, then were they devoted and consecrated, and Christianity proved its heavenly origin in the lives of its adherents. But when it was al-lied to the State and received State patronage, then the church became corrupt, and her high-est offices were soon filled by worldly, design-ing men who confessed Christ " through motives of hypocrisy." As before remarked, the legiti-mate result of uniting the Church to the State is putting a premium on hypocrisy; it is invit-ing selfish office-seekers and wily politicians to make a profession of religion a material part of their " stock in trade." All the errors and wrongs and persecutions of the papal system are traceable to the union of the secular and ecclesiastical power. We see its evils every-where in the Greek Church. The highest form of national religion is found in England, and there we see that " livings " are sold like rail- road stocks; openly irreligious men, who care only for games and sports, hold responsible places in the church, and "sub-let" the work of the gospel at enormous profits! Such a thing is possible only where there is " national religion." We must express our surprise that men of ed: ucation and fair intelligence will utter such ab-surdities and sophistries as are everywhere found in the literature of the "National Reform" peo-ple. They seem to be actually intoxicated with the hope of worldly aggrandizement through a change in the structure of our Government. They show themselves utterly at fault in treat-ing of State matters. If anything were needed to prove that it is not wise to intrust the reins of civil power to the hands of ecclesiastics, as such, they furnish the proof in the crudity of their views in questions of national polities. It would be well for the cause of religion if they would cease to electioneer for civil power, and give themselves to the ministry of the word. And it will be well for the nation, well for our civil and religious liberties, if the peo-ple shall receive the warning, and reject all overtures for such a corrupting alliance, which cannnot fail to degrade religion, and to deprive some classes of equal rights and privileges in the Government. J. H. W. National Reform and the Chinese. EVER since Congress passed the Chinese Re-striction Act, the Christian Statesman has been in great tribulation, because of the great wrong committed by the nation in that piece of legis-lation. Now in this article we propose no dis-cussion of the righteousness or unrighteousness of that act of Congress, or whether it was just or unjust in itself. Our controversy is with the Christian Statesman, on its own published propositions, all of which are editorial utter-ances, and therefore stand as authoritative principles of National Reform. By act of Congress the importation, or emi-gration, of Chinese laborers was prohibited for a period of ten years. This act the Christian Statesman denounced at the time. In its issue of Sept. 25, 1884, among " the gravest of moral evils, evils which threaten the very life of the na-tion," "injustice to the Chinese" is named. In its issue of Oct. 23, 1884, it says that " the un-christian Chinese policy of the two great par-ties is part of the indictment which the better conscience of the country is charging upon them." Again, in its issue of Oct. 2, 1884, we read:Š " The two leading political parties have vied with each other in displaying their readiness to exclude the Chinamen from our shores, and have declared for the policy of exclusion, in their respective platforms. This policy, on the other hand, is felt by large numbers of Chris-tian men to be in violation of the natural rights of men, as well as contrary to the spirit and teachings of the religion of Jesus, and increases the dissatisfaction with which, on other grounds, these parties and their platforms are regarded." But what do the Statesman and the National Reform Party propose instead of this ? We read:Š " We may not shut the doo'r in the face of any one who wishes to come and dwell with  us. No nation has the right to do this, even for the preservation of religious character." " Make all men welcome to our shores, but give all men to understand that this is a Christian nation; and that believing that without Chris-tianity we perish, we must maintain by all right means our Christian character. Inscribe this character on our Constitution. . . Enforce upon all that come among us the laws of Chris-tian morality." Let us analyze this position and see wherein it differs from the position of the political par-ties which it condemns. By the term " laws of Christian morality," the Statesman means the ten commandments. With this definition then it says, " Enforce upon all that come among us the ten commandments." Now " enforce," ac-cording to Webster, means " to force; to con-strain; to compel; to execute with vigor." Therefore the Statesman says: " Force, compel, all that come among us to keep the ten com- mandments." "Execute with vigor the ten com-mandments Łupon all that come among us." But the second commandment forbids men to make, to bow down to, or to serve, graven im-ages; and this bears with particular force against the Chinese, for they do make and wor-ship graven images; so that it may fairly be said that of all the Chinese who should ever desire to come to this country, they would be, without exception, idolaters. Now when, by constitutional amendment, this shall have been declared a Christian nation, and notice shall have thus been given that all who come here will be compelled to keep the ten command- ments, will that be a sufficient argument to induce the Chinese to abandon their idols that they may come here? Allowing all the won- drous efficacy that has been ascribed to Natior.al Reform, such could hardly be expected of it, for the Chinese are just as sincere in their wor-ship, idolatrous as it is, as are the National Reformers in theirs; and it certainly will re-quire something more than an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to con-vince them that their worship is wrong. So it is easy enough to tell what the Chinese will do when the time comes that they shall have to choose whether they will abandon their worship or come to the United States. With such an alternative, they will never come to this country. Therefore the success of the National Reform policy will just as absolutely exclude the Chinese from this country as does the act of Congress which is now in force, and which is so unsparingly denounced by that party. Now to show that the force that is given to their expre'ssions, by the definitions before given,  is not more than they intend, we give some more of their words on this subject. In the San Francisco Chronicle of September 24, 1884, appeared an account of a Chinese procession in that city, in honor of their god How Wong.  In the Christian Statesman of October 30, 1884, under the caption, " Idolatry Publicly Toler- ated," the account is copied in full, and then commente,d on as follows:Š " The remedy lies, not in the exclusion of the Chinese from our shores, where they have from God a perfect right to come, but in the legal prohibition of their public idolatry, which they have from God no right to practice, and which no Christian Government ought to tolerate on its soil." "Odious it is, offensive to Christian sen- 