408 THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. Roman Catholics and the Boxers. (From the Outlook.) The statement has been made that the Boxers are opposed to all Christians in China because the priests of the Roman Catholic Church, by treaty between France and China two years ago, now hold ceremonial and civil powers not enjoyed by Protestant mission-aries, and that the Roman Catholic Church has been using this power as an inducement to the natives to embrace Christianity. Some of the priests were even suspected of going so far as to defend criminals and evil-doers who promised to join "the church" pro-viding they were acquitted. Some Protestants declare that the present Boxer fury is but a just punishment for the flagrant abuse by the Roman Catholics of the special power and authority thus invested in them. On the other hand, the Roman Catholics declare that the imperial decree simply regulated the inter-course of their missionaries with the mandarinsŠfor instance, by its provisions, bis.hops were placed equal in rank with viceroys, rural deans with tao-tais or de-partment directors, and priests with prefects; that personal communication, which had been before .al-most impossible to obtain, is now possible, and con-sequently justice between Christian and non-Chris-tian is easier of accomplishment. In any case, it is not improbable that, basing their belief on treaty rights protecting all Christians, native Christians may have presumed that they were really independent of Chinese authority and, through for-eign protection, might escape the punishment which an ordinary Chinaman would receive. It is not extraordinary that the Roman Catholic Church has been so successful in China, and now numbers there thirty bishoprics and a million adher-ents. For it should be remembered that she began her work in the far East more than five centuries be-fore the Protestants began theirs. Even Marco Polo found an Archbishop of Peking. No one has estimated Protestant Chinese adher-ents as numbering over 300,000, and most estimates fall below this figure. In North China the Presbyteri-ans have the largest number of American mission-ariesŠnearly two hundredŠand nearly six hundred helpers. The Presbyterian printing-press at Shanghai is the largest mission press in the world, issuing sixty-seven million pages a year. The Methodists have over a hundred and fifty American missionaries and nearly seven hundred native helpers. The Congregational-ists (American Board) have over a hundred mission-aries and over three hundred native helpers. These are the principal American religious bodies in North China. Important American Protestant mission sta-tions are situated at 'Kalrn, Paoting, Lin Chang, and  Pang Chang. The Church of England is also strongly represented, having in China nearly two hundred mis-sionaries and over five hundred native helpers. In all China religious and educational work is now at a standstill. Church services are impossible. Schools have been disbanded and school buildings made into barracks, and the daily life of all the people is inter-rupted through dread of the Boxers. It is a satis-faction to add that, though some of the weaker Chi-nese have fallen away, as a rule the natives have stood firm in loyalty to their faith. The report that the trouble in China originated in the claim of Christians to immunity from burdens borne by natives generally, simply because they were Christians, is not as improbable as it might seem at first sight. If true, history is simply repeating itself in China. Too often have missionaries gone into heathen lands carrying, not peace, but war ; trusting not to the power of the gospel, but to the power of the state. It is to be feared that this is true in large measure in China. "The purpose of Sunday laws," says Rev. J. B. Davison, of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Associa-tion, "is not to upbuild any church, or all churches, or religion in general, but to protect liberty, health, home, character, and general prosperity and thus up-build true manhood, the main element of strength in a republic." True manhood is the main element of strength in a republic ; but Mr. Davison errs in assuming that true manhood can be fostered by laws for Sunday ob-servance. The individual who has true manhood will not lean on the laws ; and the more an individual de-pends upon the legislature to secure for him liberty, health,-home and character, the more dependent and lacking in true manhood will he become. Laws pro-tect rights, but they cannot foster manhood; that must be born in an individual, or he must be educated to it. And he who believes in a God and in the bind-ing claims of the divine law, will show his manhood by observing the Sabbath independently of human cus-toms and laws, simply because he believes it to be his duty ; this he will do if he has true manhood, and if not, his want of moral backbone cannot be supplied by a civil enactment. No man can learn to walk erect by leaning on a crutch. The more Sunday laws there are passed to enable people to do right, the more will people depend upon the law for their right doing, and that true manhood which is the main element of strength in the republic will be weakened rather than built up. Let the people be taught to do right be-cause it is right, and to depend upon themselves for "health, home and character" rather than on the laws, if the prosperity of the republic is to be rnaintained. 