470 AMERICAN SENTINEL. -than the calmness with which revelations of the atrocity of the wage system are contemplated. The facts brought to light by the miners' strike are ample proof of this cu-rious fact. One father of a family maintains six children on thirty cents a day. His seventh child died from in-haling coal gas when a month old. In one mining settle-ment the children fought savagely-  for a quart of milk until one little boy of seven cut open the head of his brother with his father's pick. Fifty per cent. of the children in the mining camps were born dead last year. Thirty percent. of the mothers died in child birth. The miners spend fourteen hours daily under ground. They live on meat rejected by the Boards of Health of the large cities as diseased when they get any meat to live on. They drink alcohol by the pint to keep warm in winter. Their clothing is a black mass of grimy, filthy rigs. Nor are these a tithe of their ills. Every day some terrible fact is brought to light indicat-ing that an enormous population is kept in a condition of suffering and despair absolutely horrifying. But how calm and unmoved we remain in the face of all this. The condition of the miners of this country is so much more terrible than the lot of the gladiators in ancient Rome that we should be ashamed of the comparison. Nor is the contrast more favorable in other directions. It was shown in this city two weeks ago that the men who run freight elevators at the large receiving stations remain on duty thirteen hours out of the twenty-four at a wage of $1.45 per day. Some of these men have fam-ilies to support. The very mention of such a thing ought to make us blush with shame for our social system. Any man who observes the employes of the elevated railroad in New York can see they suffer from overwork and under pay. They are gaunt, hungry, miserable objects. Every corporation with a public franchise is an instrument for a like degradation of the working classes. These wretched men are on duty early and late. They are absolute slaves. The still more atrocious wage slavery of children is con-templated with equal indifference. When we pause to re-flect upon the conditions of modern civilization we are appalled by the hideous abomination of them. Suffering, misery, degradation, exploitation, protrude themselves upon the notice of all, but we have grown so indifferent that we do not even care. If an ancient Roman could be summoned to argue this matter with a modern American it would not be easy to see which ought to come out better in the discussion. The Roman could point out that the agony of the gladi-ators was a short one. They were well treated and liber-ally paid. They did not have to go hungry and naked most of the time. A death of utter exhaustion and debil-ity, brought about by weary years of slow starvation and grinding penurycan scarcely be preferable to slaugh-ter in a crowded arena, with the chance of proving the victor and thus becoming the idol of the capital of the world. The moral to be drawn from the gladiatorial shows is not that we are superior to the ancient Romans, but  that the constant presence of human suffering makes us at last indifferent to it. The whole ethical tone of society has been lowered by the conditions of modern capitalism. This is why-  men, otherwise enlightened enough, will calmly advocate the most fiendish cruelties in order "to keep the mob in check." Such men are as savage and ferocious as the Roman nobles in the time of Tiberius. A True Theocracy. BY E. J. WAGGONER. IT is quite common to speak of Israel as a theocracy. This is indeed what God designed it to be, and what it should have been, but what in the truest sense it never was. Least of all was Israel a theocracy when the people demanded an earthly king, "that we also may be like all the heathen," for in so doing they rejected God as their King. It is passing strange that people will refer to what Israel did in direct opposition to the wishes of God, as a warrant for similar action on the part of the church now, and to their rejection of God as evidence that they were ruled by his power. The word "theocracy" is a combination of two Greek words, and means literally, "the rule of God." A true theocracy, therefore, is a body in which God is sole and absolute ruler. Such a government has rarely been seen on this earth, and never to any great extent. A true theocracy existed when Adam was first formed and placed in Eden, when "God saw everything that he had made, and, behold, it was verygood." Gen. 1:31. God formed Adam of the dust of the ground, and set him over the works of his hands. He was made ruler "over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." Gen. 1:26. He therefore had all power given to him. But at his best state, when crowned with glory and honor, Adam was but dust, with no more power in himself than the dust on which he walked. Therefore.the mighty power that was manifested in him was not his own power at all, but the power of God working in him. God was absolute Ruler, but it pleased him, so far as this earth was concerned, to reveal his power through man. During Adam's loyalty to God there was therefore a perfect theocracy on this earth. Such a theocracy has never existed since, for man's fall was the acknowledging of Satan as the god of this world. But individually it existed in its perfection in Christ, the second Adam, in whose heart was God's law, and in whom dwelt all the fulness of the Godhead bodily. When Christ shall have renewed the earth and restored all things as in the beginning, and there is but one fold and one Shepherd, one king in all the earth, that will be a perfect theocracy. The will of God will be done in all the earth as it now is in heaven. But now is the time of preparation. Christ is now gathering out a people in whom his character will be re- 