"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT:' Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 26, 1899. NUMBER 42. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. lic3r Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will he asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE Government tolerates no counterfeit of a thing upon which it has placed its stamp. And if such a coun-terfeit be wrong, what must be said of a counterfeit of that which bears the stamp of Heaven? A A COUNTERFEIT money interferes seriously with the business of earthly government; and a religious coun-terfeit works no less evil in the government of God. Recognizing this truth, the devil has ever sought to force as many religious counterfeits upon the world as was in his power to do. A A THE Sabbath institution bears the stamp of Heaven, being "the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." What, then, must be said of a weekly day of rest which is not the Sabbath of the Lord? What must be said, for example, of the "civil sabbath," which is confessedly something -different from the divine institution, although to most people it is just the same in appearance? Or what must 'be said of a weekly sabbath in which there is any altera-tion, however slight, from the Sabbath instituted for the race by the Creator? And is not an institution which most nearly resembles the divine institution, without being that institution in fact, the most danger-ous of sabbath counterfeits? A .4 THERE is a counterfeit of the Holy Spirit in the world, and its effects have been very widespread and disastrous. When the Holy Spirit descended on the disciples at Pentecost, some who were in their company  said, "These men are drunk with new wine." The Holy Spirit is given to fill men with joy, to lift them above the fears, discouragements and trials of this life; but men have been led to the use of wine and strong drink to attain to this desirable condition. And this has been a terrible delusion, bringing physical and moral death upon countless numbers, and engaging to-day the earnest endeavors of upright men and women to stay its progress. A ,at AND surely those who cry out against the gigantic evil of intemperance, who demand legislation against it, cannot consistently favor any counterfeit of that which is divine, or demand that man's substitute for a divine institution be forced by legislation upon the.  people. The Promise of Liberty. THE world is hearing much to-day, as it has always heard, of the promise of liberty made by one people to another. But can one people confer liberty upon other people? and if so, what people can do this? These were always important questions, and were never more so than just now. The Apostle Peter wrote about a class of men who promised liberty; and we have therefore some informa-tion on the subject from an authority that church peo-ple at least will not question. He speaks of a class who while they promise liberty to others, are themselves the "servants of corruption." 2 Peter 2:19. And this is equivalent to a plain statement that nobody who is himself in bondage can confer any true liberty upon an_ other. And this is to say that the promise of liberty made by the servant of sin is an empty boast; for it is of the bondage of sin that the apostle is speaking. We may set aside, then, as altogether vain and de- 