70 THE Ai\ARIc,AN SnNTINEI,. ballot-box, of every, school-honse, of every home . . . of this National domain." A few words have been italicized in the fore-going extract in order that the reader may see the real underlying sentiment to be the force of law, and not the love of religion or the religion of love, which is to accomplish all this. And when this glorious (!) gospel of coercion is estab-lished, as Mr. Talmage says it will be, and when everything which is secular shall be controlled by the religious "majority," what will we have but the same enforcement of religious opinions against the rights of conscience as in the Dark Ages? And what may reasonably be expected but a repetition of the same religious persecution and bigotry which characterized that period ? If we wish to know what kind of toleration will be extended to those who dare to maintain indi-vidual rights of conscience contrary to this es-tablished religion of the land, it is only neces-sary to turn back the pages of history a few years and see what has been done in the past under similar circumstances. In every instance we find the same result. First, fines and im-prisonments; then confiscation of property— and finally, such gentle means of moral suasion as the rack, the dungeon, and the fagot were con-sidered none too strong to convince the recal-citrant of the error of his ways. The following, from Zion's Watch Tower, of July, 1888, gives so much of the real animus of National Reform that we would like to lay it be-fore the readers of the SENTINEL for their thoughtful consideration. It was published under the head of "Papal Love for the Bible and for Protestants," and is as follows:Š "A large number of copies of the Bible were re-cently burned in Barcelona, Spain, by order of the GovernmentŠof course at the instigation of the Church of Rome. The following, translated from the Catholic Banner, the organ of Papacy there, shows that they approved and appreciated the action. It said:Š ' " Thank God, we at last have turned towards the times when those who propagated heretical doctrines were punished with exemplary punish-ment. The re-establishment of the Holy Tribunal of the Inquisition must soon take place. Its reign will be more glorious and fruitful in results than in the past. Our Catholic heart overflows with faith and enthusiasm; and the immense joy we ex-perience as we begin to reap the fruit of our pres-ent campaign exceeds all imagination. What a day of pleasure will that be for us when,  we see anti-clericals writhing in the flames of Inquisition!" To encourage another crusade, the same paper says:Š " We believe it right to publish the names of those holy men under whose hands so many sinners suffered, that good Catholics may venerate their memory:Š BY TORQUEMADAŠ Men and women burnt alive. 10,220 Burnt in effigy.    6,840 Condemned to other punishments 97,371 BY DIEGO DEZAŠ Men and women burnt alive  . . 2,592 Burnt in effigy  829 Condemned to other punishments. 32,952 BY CARDINAL JIMINEZ DE CISNEROSŠ Men and woman burnt alive.    3,564 Burnt in effigy    2,232 Condemned to other punishments 48,059 BY ADRIAN DE FLORENCIAŠ Men and women burnt alive.    1,620 Burnt in effigy    560 Condemned to other punishments 21,835 Total number of men and women burnt alive under the ministry of 45 holy Inquisitor- Generals.    35,534 Total number burnt in effigy. . 18,637 Total number condemned to other punish- ments  293,533 Total  347,704 And, who were these "sinners" who suffered such "exemplary punishment " ? Those who "propagated heretical doctrines," and who refused to be governed in their religious opinions by the secular power enforced by the religious "majority." In other words, those who dared to- think for themselves in matters pertaining not to their duty toward their fellow-men, but toward their God. And it is nothing but the facts in the case and the published assertions of the " Re-formers" themselves, which constrain us to say that this is the very spirit which again exists in em-bryo in all this National Reform movement of to-day. Notice a few of their utterances. In a speech delivered before the National Reform Convention in New York, 1873, the Rev. Dr. Jonathan Edwards, of Illinois, after referring to atheists, deists, Jews, Seventh-day Baptists, and others whom he classed under the general head of "objectors" to the Reform movement, said:Š " These are all, for the occasion, and so far as our amendment is concerned, one class. . . . They must be counted together. . . . They must be named from him [the atheist]; they must be treated as, for this question, one party." And then, to show how very tolerant such treatment would be, he says:Š "Tolerate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon!" Let but the National Reform regime prevail, and any individual who dares to express an opin-ion contrary to the new order of things will doubtless be made to realize that the "tender mercies " of this much-vaunted "reform" are about as inconsistent and cruel as such mercies usually are. It is no wonder, then, that we find the National Reform party taking so kindly to that bigoted body of religionists whose teachings and whose principles fed the fierce fires of persecution in the past ; nor does it require any great stretch of the imagination to picture, at no distant day in the future, the Reform party coming into direct affiliation with Rome, and once more inaugurating, by the same methods of warfare, just such an era of persecution for conscience' sake. That such, results are contemplated is sufficiently proved by the following statement of a leading National Re-former, the Rev. Sylvester F. Scovel, as published in the Christian Statesman of August 31, 1881. He says :Š " We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers [to co-operate with Roman Catholics], and the time is not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept co-opera-tion in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the necessities of the situa-tion." Following out this same line of policy, we find the editor of the Christian Statesman expressing himself in the columns of that journal of Decem-ber 11, 1884, in this significant language:Š "Whenever they [Roman Catholics] are willing to co-operate in resisting the power of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them." Remember that this "political atheism" is simply the refusal to indorse their views concerning the proposed .religious amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States. No matter how honest and devoted a Christian a man may be, no matter how loyal to our present form of government, unless he falls in with the National Reform movement, he is an "atheist," and is to be no more tolerated than anything else "out of hell." Surely these National Reformers are Ł apt scholars in learning the lessons of Popery. And "if they do  these things in a green tree, what shall be done in the dry ?" Just as surely as the American people allow these principles of National Reform to succeed in the United States, just so surely will the death-knell of liberty be tolled in this fair land of ours. And may God help the poor persecuted ones in- that day! J. W. SCOLES. Duplicity. IN the first monthly, document of the " ican Sabbath Union," issued in December, 1888,.' we find the following in the statement of what. the Union asks of the friends of the Sunday:Š "Let the church look to its laurels, lest in theŁ humane aspect of the Sabbath question it shall) be outstripped in zeal by the labor organizations.-We ask every religious paper to publish our peti-tion, and every church and preachers' meeting:  and religious conference or convention to indorse the petition by resolution, and also, as far as pos-Ł sible, by individual signatures, which duplicate. its strength. The Catholic Church has indorsed! the petition through a letter of its Cardinal, ands most of the Protestant churches by resolutions of their supreme councils, but these indorsements are: strengthened by the confirming votes and signa-Ł tures of local churches." The word at the head of this article does not. apply to the statement that the Catholic Church has indorsed the petition by means of the Car-dinal's letter. That is not duplicity, it is only-simple falsehood. But " duplicity " signifies double-dealing. It comes from the same word as "duplicate;" and when the American Sunday-Union sends up petitions to Congress, in dupli-cate, professing to have a certain number when some of them are repeated, it is guilty of duplic-ity. And when it counsels its agents to pursue such a. course, its duplicity is inexcusable. - But the duplicity of the Union is duplicated,. that is, it exhibits double duplicity, for, in order to make up its 14,000,000 petitions, some of them were repeated as much as four times, to say noth-ing of the name of Cardinal Gibbons, which wash multiplied by 7,200,000. For such wholesaleŁ work there is no name, for the records of ballot--box stuffing afford no parallel. It must standl in history as the most stupendous fraud ever per-petrated ; and the Sunday-law workers mustŁ stand self-convicted of using fraud in the attempt to secure their ends. No good object could ad-mit of such measures being employed. Ł Ł Ł MR. M. A. GAULT reports in the Christian Statesman of January 10, from Oskaloosa, Iowa, that he had arrived there at a very opportune time, because Gilmore's great musical combina-tion had been announced to give a sacred concert in the largest opera hall, on Sunday evening; and the pastors had held several meetings in order to frame a protest, because " some of them feared the concert would greatly diminish their congre-gations." That was the trouble in the fourth ceptury; the church teachers were forced to com-plain that in the competition with the circus and the theater, these places would get the larg-est congregations. The church teachers could not stand the competition; they wanted a mo-nopoly, so they sent up a petition to the emperor, asking that the circuses and theaters might be shut on Sunday. But those exhibitions did not even pretend to be sacred.. The church teachers of our day cannot stand the competition even of a sacred concert; they want a monopoly of every-thing on Sunday. 