THE AN/InTRICAN SENTINET.. 29 zealous individual, anxious for political prefer-ment, will find out that the merchant is in his private office on Sunday, looking over his ledger, and forthwith the merchant will be arrested. The lady who takes in sewing may be arrested for making button-holes or fitting a garment in her back parlor, on Sunday. The literary man who writes for hire may be arrested for quietly working at his desk on Sunday. In short, from such a wholesale stoppage of Sunday work as is desired by the Statesman, the Intelligencer, and all who may be classed as National Reformers, it will be but a step to the arresting of every citizen who is found away from church on Sunday, unless detained by sickness. That this is not an exag-gerated conclusion is evident from the statement of Dr. Herrick Johnson, that he longed for the breath of the Puritan, for the Puritan Sabbath; and this is just what was done in the days of the Covenanters and Puritans. Robert Wodrow, a Scotch ecclesiastical historian, of whom it is said that his "veracity was above suspicion," and of his writings, that " no historical facts are better ascertained than the accounts . . . to be found in Wodrow," makes the following state-ment concerning the methods used to secure at-tendance at church:Š " It is thocht expedient that ane baillie with tua of the session pas throw the towne everie Sabbath day, and nott sic as they find absent fra the ser-mones ather afoir or efter none ; and for that effect that they pas and serehe sic houss as they think maist meit."ŠSelections from the Records of the Kirk Session, Presbytery, and Synod of Aberdeen. In modern English this is as follows:Š " It is thought expedient that one bailiff with two of the session pass through the town every Sabbath day, and note such as they find absent from the sermons either before or after noon ; and for that effect that they pass and search such houses as they think most meet." In his " Collections " he says: " The session allows the searchers to go into houses, and appre-hend absents from the kirk." Now when one of the great cries for a Sunday law is .because people do not go to church, and when the only ground for stopping a photographer from working in the seclusion of his own room, could be that he was staying from church and at least inviting others to do so, the conclusion is inevitable that when the clamorers for a Sunday law get what they want, they will make no scruple of going into any house where they have reason to suspect that any-body is working on Sunday, and arresting the oc-cupants. Are we not warranted in saying that the liber-ties of the American people are in danger ? Is it not high time that the people were awakening to the alarming growth of the religious legislation evil ? Who will protest 'against the degeneracy of Protestantism ? E. J. w. Showing. Its Parentage. IN the (Detroit) Christian Herald's brief re-port of the National Sunday Convention at Wash-ington, the President, Col. Elliott P. Shepard, is reported as having said that " Congress and the law-making powers in this country have virtually repealed the fourth commandment" By this he of course referred to the failure to enforce Sun-day observance. . It is not our intention to make any argument on what is plain enough without, namely, that Sunday and the fourth command-ment, have nothing whatever to do with each other; that we pass for the present. But taking him on his supposition, that repealing the fourth  commandment would affect Sunday, we wish to point out sharply the position which the National Sunday Union proposes to assume. Note well the following:Š Allowing that the failure to enact laws com-pelling people to keep Sunday, or the repealing of those already in existence, is a virtual repeal of the fourth commandment, then it follows that in their efforts to secure the enactment and en-forcement of such laws, they are working for the re-enactment of the fourth commandment. Is not that a logical conclusion ? Certainly it is. and Colonel Shepard, as the representative of the Union, would admit it. Then mark this point:Š It was the Lord Jehovah who spoke the fourth commandment, with the other nine, from Sinai. It was God who enacted that law. Therefore the National Sunday Union, consisting of the National Reform Association, the Women's Chris-tian Temperance Union, and various religions organizations, in proposing to re-enact the fourth commandment, is proposing to put itself in the place of God. Not only so, but it is putting itself above God, by assuming that it is more competent to vindicate his law than he is himself. In this it is showing itself a true child of the Papacy; that " man of sin," the "son of perdition, who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God, sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." Is not the likeness perfect? In other words, Is it not trying to make of this nation an image of the Papal beast? E. J. W. Some Questions and Answers. ONE who is interested in the work of the SEN-TINEL asks the following questions, to which we append replies:Š " Do you hold that the basis of your religion is to serve God?" The object of our religion is to serve God. Its basis is faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, with all that faith implies. 1 Cor. 3 : 11. "Do you recognize and acknowledge the fact, that every blessing secured for the well-being of humanity is so much towards serving the will of God ? Or, do you consider that every blessing to mankind is an expression of God's goodness?" To the first part of this compound inquiry, we say unqualifiedly, Yes, if it be indeed a blessing. But not all things are blessings which are called blessings. And every blessing is also an expres-sion of God's goodness, whether secured through man's agency or not. "Do you believe that to neglect to discharge a plain duty is wrong?" Most certainly; "to him that knoweth to do good and doeth it not, to him it is sin." Jas. 4: 17. " Do you think that a passive consent to our present liquor traffic is a sin against G'od and a crime against humanity?" A passive consent to any evil is sin against God. It is sin because it is a violation of the principle, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thy-self." But the liquor traffic is a crime only as it violates human laws. A passive consent to the violation of State laws would be a4  crime. But it would not necessarily be sin. The law itself might be sinful, as were the laws of Nebuchad-nezzar and Darius (Dan. 3 and 6); yet it was a crime against the State to violate them. The worldlings, the covetous, the licentious, the hypo-crites, are all sinners; but just as long as they re- filth' from violating State law, they are not crim-inal. Sin has reference to the moral law of God alone, and extends even to motive, intention, and cherished thought. But crime pertains to overt act alone against the law of a State. Therefore sin need not be criminal, neither need crime be sinful. If the present liquor traffic is in the bounds of law, it is not crime, yet we are free to say that it ought by law to be made a crime. It certainly is evil and only evil. "Do you feel it [the liquor traffic] to be one such of much consequence?" We do. It numbers its victims by myraids. "Why do you, as men professing temperance, morality, and Christianity, claiming to fear God and to keep his commandments, array yourselves against and oppose the humane and beneficent cause of temperance and prohibition?" The SENTINEL has no opposition to the benefi-cent cause of temperance and prohibition. It has advocated both from its beginning. But it is not partisan. It belongs to no party. It has not been established to support the Prohibition Party, or any other political party, but to defend the religious rights and liberties of American citizens, and to warn them of the dangers that now menace them. It is strenuously and per-sistently opposed to religious legislation in any form, whether in connection with temperance or otherwise. Yet this is what the leaders in the Prohibition -party and Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union are endeavoring to do. Prin-ciples which, if crystalized into law, would de-stroy the religious liberty of this country, are found embodied in the State and national plat-forms of both these parties, and are declared, over and over again, to be among the objects for which these parties are striving. The logical outcome of these principles, if embodied in law, is a reproduction of the persecution of the Dark Ages and the Inquisition, with all their evils. These principles we oppose wherever found. The fact that they are connected with temperance and prohibition principles, and that good men, mor-ally and socially, favor them, makes them all the more potent for evil. The encroachments on religious rights in the first centuries were, in many respects, less marked and pronounced than we now see and hear in the National Reform and Prohibition par ies ard Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union. But those led to the Papacy; these, if their object is reached, will form an image to the .Papacy. When the Prohibition party is willing to renounce its position as re-gards all religious questions, be assured it will meet no opposition from the SENTINEL. But we do not propose to support one good thing, un-certain in itself; and thereby bring a certain train of evils as great as it seeks to cure, or greater. We cannot "do evil that good may come." " Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap." M. C. W. The Real Point of Conflict. WILL it be permitted those who religiously differ with the Sunday law, when it is enacted, to construe its wording: "The Lord's day the Christian Sabbath," and " the first-day of the week," to mean one day in seven and no definite day in particular; a law enacted simply to secure a weekly rest one day in seven, each week? Will the courts, the ministers, and the churches, allow of such construction of the wording of their Sab-bath law? and if not, why not? This argument is used by the two latter classes, to those who in-sist on the literal rendering of the Sabbath law, 