614 AMERICAN SENTINEL. tions and the result of their Łprofanation of the Sabbath. The overthrow of the Christian Sabbath or American Sabbath, with its sacred associations, would be more disastrous to our nation than the overthrow of all our public libraries and civic monuments; and I wish to say that the observance of the Sabbath lies deep in the ever-.lasting necessities of human nature, and that as long as man is man, the blessedness of keeping it, riot as a day of rest only, but as a day of spiritual rest, will never be annulled." The next speaker was W. J. Coleman, of Allegheny, Pa., who said in substance: Mr. Chairman: The associa-tion that meets here to-day has for its fundamental prin-ciple the doctrine that the Lord Jesus Christ is ruler of nations. That is the foondation stone which this asso-ciation seeks to lay at the very basis of all our political legislation. We have the question, How far should civil laws go in protecting the Sabbath? Now, I believe they should go to the extent of forbidding all servile labor on that day. I would not put a Seventh-day Adventist in jail for work-ing inside his own house or plowing in a field, but if he made a public exhibition of it or tried to insult the moral sense of the community, I think he needs a lesson: but if he works quietly, out of sight as far as possible, not inter-fering with anybody, provided he keeps another day of -the week, I do not think I would interfere with him. But I think we ought to stop all these things on the ground of servile labor. For instance, we have 10,000Šsome people say millionsŠof unemployed men in this country. Every man that works on Sunday keeps an-other man out of work just that much. Another thing: no man can stand alone and ask for the observance of the Sabbath on his own account. If he does stand for it, he is discharged. Speeches of ten minutes' length were given by a num-ber of persons along the same lines. After these talks a new organization was formed, known as the Ohio State Reform Association, with constitution modeled after that of the national organization. The following resolutions were adopted:Š "Resolved, That there is much in our political life to arouse the deep concern of the Christian patriot. Evil influences are multiplying and growing more aggressive. Corruption abounds, good laws fail to be enforced ; cap-ital and labor are in conflict, and other evils threaten the very life of the nation. - "The remedy for these evils is found only in the laws of Jesus Christ. The principles that should guide man here, as everywhere else, are justice and love. The appli-cation of the principles will solve all the troublesome questions that are seeking settlement. "To secure the desired end, there ought to be inscribed on the front of our fundamental law the aim and purpose of civil society to establish government on thefoundation of Christian morality. A radical mistake was made in excluding.  from the national constitution all reference to Cr o d and his law. We must retrace our steps. "The transfer of the legislation and administration of the government so largely into the hands of profes- sional politicians, who pursue their selfish ends; the fail-ure to make government a `terror to evil doers and a praise to them that do well,' are the result of excluding fear of God and loyalty to Christ from political life. Christian men must bring their influences to bear in the sphere of civil society. Education in the use of the Word of God in our schools must train Christian patriots for their solemn civirduties ." The officers elected were: For president, Rev. J. C. Smith, of Cincinnati; corresponding secretary, J. K. Montgomery, of Cincinnati; recording secretary, Rev. D. McKinney; treasurer, W. R. Sterrett. The office of vice- president was filled by nineteen names. The convention adjourned to meet at the call of the president. Ł 11.-4111-41 God's Spirit and Liberty. BY MRS. M. L. BROCK. "Tax spirit of the Lord God is upon me." Why? "Because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me"Šwhat for?Š"to bind up the brOkenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Isa. 61:1. The Spirit of God never closes a prison door on any one. No; but it has opened the prison doors just as the prophet foretold. "But the angel of the Lord by night opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life." Acts 5 :19, 20. "Behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison; and he smote Peter on the side, and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands." Acts 12 : 7.1 What spirit is it that is at work to-day to close the prison doors on God's people? Is it not the same that shut Peter in? The prisons were never built for God's people, and no power on earth can with safety to itself put his people into them. No man can rightfully judge another man in regard to duty toward God. Christ tells us in plain words what will judge us in the last day. He says, "The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him," and also, "For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak." This statement of Christ's is in perfect harmony with Moses' prophecy of Christ in Deuteronomy 18:18: "I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren, like unto thee, and will put my words in his mouth; and he shall speak unto them all that I shall command him." Jesus declared that the words he spoke were not his. So when he speaks of the Sabbath, it is the Father speaking through him. The Father, then, sent Christ to 