146 AMERICAN SENTINEL. to it; and proceeds upon its way independently of legisla-tion and of popular custom and belief. It proceeds even in spite of legislation, and in the face of every obstacle which lies naturally in the pathway of that which is unpopular. And by this very thing it is demonstrated beyond any possible question that Sabbath reform does not de-pend upon legislation in any form. If a movement which has neither wealth, numbers, social influence, tradition or popular custom back of it, but must move against all these things, can do so with-out the aid of any legislation whatever, and even against the decree of the civil power, cannot a movement which has all these in its favor, proceed without the help of leg-islation? If it cannot, it is certain that it is lacking in some vital point,Šthat it has some inherent weakness which is fatal to its life; so that at best it can only be a dead re-form, instead of one which can impart moral life to the people. The movement which calls people to observe the sev-enth-day Sabbath is unpopular. It calls upon men to sacrificeŠto give up position, money, social standing, and everything savoring of worldly honor and advance-ment. Yet in spite of all this, it is moving on rapidly, both here and in almost all nations and peoples of the earth. If the movement for Sunday observance were moving forward with a rapidity, as compared with that for the seventh day, proportionate to the greater numbers, wealth and influence which it represents, it would be moving almost inconceivably faster than it is. And that it does not do this, is proof positive that it is lacking in that in which the seventh-day Sabbath movement is strong; that is, the spiritual power of truth. There is in it no power of divine conviction. Such a "Sabbath reform" thereforeŠhowever good in purpose and honest in belief its promoters may beŠmust be set down as a sham and a delusion. And it is cer-tainly not the proper business of any legislature to try to further the progress of such a thing among the people. THE Christian Citizen says that "But for that gov-ernment ['the Roman government'] Jesus himself could not have lived and taught till his work was finished." Does not the Christian Citizen know that every child knows that "But for the Roman government Jesus him-self" could not have been put to death when he was? and Ł that "But forthe Roman government" he could not have been put to death at all as he wasŠby crucifixion? Does not everybody, unless it be the Christian Citizen,  know that the Jews said and truly, "It is not lawful for us to put any man to death"? and that they had to,  repudiate God, and claim "no king but Cmsar;" and under profession of loyalty to Caesar, charge Pilate with disloyalty to Caesar, and threaten him with the conse-quences of such disloyalty, in order to swing the Roman,  government so that Jesus should be killed? And by these same tokens does not everybody, unless it be the Christian Citizen, know that "But for that gov-ernment" Jesus could have lived and taught until this. hour? We do not suggest in any of this that government is. useless in the world. Government is all right in its place..  But when it is in the hands of religionists, or when its power can be swung by political religionists, it is the worst thing in the world; because then it is used for the destruction of the best people in the world, as was done in the case of the Lord Jesus. - And it is the same record. from Nimrod until now. A. T. J. SAYS John G. Wooley, in the New York Voice, "How to start a 'bull' movement in Christian politics, is the problem." 'We would refer him to the pope. In Holy Russia. "Christian World." THIRTY families of the Russian sect nicknamed the Shelapouti were summoned by the police to the village offices of Ekaterinovka. There the police officer read an official circular ordering that the'children from the ages of two to eleven should be taken from them and entrusted to orthodox villagers. The priests were present, and one of them enlarged on the "demoralization" effected by the sect, and added that it ought to be relentlessly persecuted and eradicated. The parents burst into heartrending lamentations, and were joined by the sobbing children. Children were torn from the parents' arms. A little pro-vincial paper, by some means, was allowed to publish an account of the scene, of which a translation appears in Free Russia. We read:Š "The parents finally seemed to have lost their senses they kissed the skirts of the priests' garments, embraced the police officer's knees! The whole scene was unspeakŁ ably painful. But one figure made a particular impress sion on my mind. This peasant was a widower of about thirty-five years of age, tall, solidly built, with an agreeŁ able though somewhat gloomy face. He kept all the time his pretty, tiny daughter of about five to seven years in his arms, never letting her go. Then he tried to escape from the courtyard of the village-office, but sev, eral policemen stopped him and violently tore the child from his embrace. No sooner was this done than he fell to the ground in a heap, unconscious. Not one single groan or sound did he utter. This sent a thrill through all present; everybody shuddered. Yet the zealous officer kicked him with his boot, exclaiming, 'Acting! The beast!' But 'the beast' did not recover his senses for a consider= able time, and when he did he stretched out his hands and began to feel around him as if searching for some. thing, although it was broad daylight. Never will that instance fade from my memory." There will be an awful reckoning some day for the government and the church that thus ride roughshod over the primal affections of humanity. 