160 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH 9, 1899. Bound Volumes for 1898. THE weighty questions that have entered the arena of national thought and the advance moves which have been made in the education of public opinion and the popular conscience, in regard to religious legislation, and the relation sustained in its discus-sion of them by the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, together with its well executed and forcible front page illustrations make the bound volumes for 1898 a treasure indeed, a storehouse of in-formation to be desired. Our prices are as formerly: $2.50 in cloth with leather back and cor-ners; in heavy manilla paper cover, *1.50. A LITTLE over a century ago, Washington, in a memorable ad-dress, gave his farewell to the people of the United States. Now, the peo-ple of the United States are saying farewell to Washington. THE pope, in a letter to Cardinal Gibbons, on "Americanism" has ex-pressly denied that the Catholic Church in America is "different from what it is in the rest of the world," or that it is more liberal to-day than it was a thousand years ago. See page 148. HE who sees in "imperialism" only a question of politics, is in danger of seeing only a political question in State measures touching religion. GENERAL KITCHENER, who has been given almost supreme authority in the regulation of affairs in the Sou-dan, has forbidden missionary enter-prises being started in that district for the present, and meanwhile will foster the Mohammedan religion and government as being best suited to  meet the requirements of the situa-tion and restore peace and happiness to that great territory. Of course, General Kitchener's dictum would have no great authority in excluding Christian missionaries if he were not backed up by the British govern-ment; and the British government would not have backed him up in it if that government did not maintain a union of church and state. So that the English union of church and state is now keeping Christianity away from the Soudan and fostering Mohammedanism. FOUR bills relating to Sunday ob-servance have been introduced in the Connecticut legislature. They are aimed at the repeal of existing Sun-day restrictions. One provides for "the running of railroad trains any hour on Sunday." Another relates to Sunday restrictions upon other public conveyances. A third calls for the repeal of the existing "Lord's day" law of the State, and a fourth aims at an "open Sunday." The New England Sabbath Protective League are of course stirred up over these bills, and against this opposi-tion they are not likely to become laws. ITALY has demanded a naval base and a "sphere of influence" in China; and what is very significant about this is that Italy consulted Great Britain before making the demand, and Great Britain has interposed no objection since the demand was made. As the "sphere of influence" stands for a policy directly opposed to the "open door" policy hitherto contended for by Great Britain, this circumstance is interpreted by states-men as indicating that Great Britain has abandoned her "open door" policy, and that the doom of the Chinese empire is sealed; for the ob-taining of spheres of influence by the Powers means the partition of China. And now the question is raised as to where the United States will come in for its "sphere of influence" which there seems to be no question will be demanded by this Government. The  United States must demand it or lose its trade in "the East," to secure which it has taken possession of the Philippines. If it be true, as statesmen believe, that Great Britain has abandoned her policy of keeping the Chinese em-pire intact, then, as the Sun (N. Y.) observes, "the far East may be the scene of a most dramatic political tragedy during the closing hours of the century." Events are moving rapidly, indeed. But do you see to what issue they are moving, and are you getting pre-pared to meet it? IT should not be forgotten, while reading the news from Manila, that the United States has really .pur-chased the Philippines on the install-ment planŠa poor way to buy any-thing. The $20,000,000 to Spain was, only the first payment. There will be an indefinite number of others. Notice. WE have a good supply of the February 16 SENTINEL still on hand. This is the number with the illustra-tion "The 'New Temptation on the Mount," and it is a splendid paper for use just now. Send in your or-ders and circulate this paper while the issue is before the people. One cent per copy. Back Numbers. BACK numbers of each issue of the year with the exception of January 12 and February 23, can still be obtained at this office. Our rates: One cent per copy in bulk, or one and a quarter cents per copy when wrappers are addressed to individ-uals, from list of names sent in. We have still a good supply of the February 16 issue on hand. THE "Vest Pocket Dictionary" is a real gem, and the Pacific Press Pub-lishing Co. can recommend it to the readers of the SENTINEL as being all that is claimed for it. See advertise-ment on page 158. 