280 TRE AMERICAN SENTINEL. trine was first laid down by a legislative assembly that the people are the source of political authority; here were first established permanent religious free-dom, the right of petition, and the freedom of the press. On the other hand, here were no execu-tions of witches or Quakers, and no kidnapping and enslavement of the Indians. In comparing this record with that of New Eng-land, the points of contrast were no less remark-able than those of resemblance, while all the de-ductions from such a comparison were opposed to the ideas inculcated by our current histories. From their earliest school days Americans have been told that this Nation is a transplanted England and that we must look to the motherland as the home of our institutions. But the men who founded New York were not Englishmen ; they were Hol-landers, Walloons, and Huguenots. The colony was under Dutch law for half a century; its popu-lation was probably not half English even at the time of the Revolution:, and yet here one finds some of the institutions which give America its distinctive character, while, what is more remarkable, no trace of those same institutions can be found in Eng-land. What was their origin became to me an in-teresting question. New York, which was first settled, certainly did not derive them from New England, and New England probably did not de-rive them from New York. Could there have been a common fountain which fed both these streams, the debt to which has never been acknowledged ? Of course, the Netherland Republic must have been this fountain, if one existed; but to prove its exist-ence and the mode in which its influence was ex-erted on New England required an examination far outside the records of New York. From all of which it appears, as another suggests, that " Americans will have to transfer their reverence from the Puritans to the Dutchmen of Holland, and Fore-fathers' Day will have to be celebrated with long-stemmed pipes and schnapps instead of in hard cider. And the Puri-tans who made life a burden to all who differed with them religiously will take their proper place in history as a narrow-minded colony of bigots who somewhat hastily concluded that the chief end of man was to glorify God by hanging witches, whipping Quakers, and enslaving men distinguished from themselves in savagery only by the color of their skins." Sunday. In the Herald of recent date we noticed an article with the above caption, which, with the permission of the editor, we would like to comment upon. From the general tenor of the article, we judge that when Sabbath is used, Sunday is meant, so if we use the word Sunday, do not look upon it as a misquotation. The Herald says: "But it is an institution which at least 20,000,000 people believe should be remembered and kept holy, and we see no reason why they should not be entitled to respect." That is right. We see no rea-son, either, why they should not be en-titled to respect. On the other hand, we can see no reason why the 45,000,000 who do not believe it should be kept holy, should not be entitled to respect as well. The truth is, if the spirit of the Constitu-tion was carried out, there would be no lack of respect on either hand, for the Con-stitution is in perfect harmony with the Golden Rule. The Herald further says, " We believe in one day's rest." That is right; so do we. Perhaps not the same day. But how about "the other fellow" ? He, it would seem, disregards every day. How shall we decide which is right? As the' day in question is a religious institu-tion, there is no other way but the Bible; but as all are not agreed as to what the Bible teaches, and some do not believe the Bible is the word of God, what are we to do? Each one pays his proportion towards the support of the Government, which, by the way, is a Government of the people, by the people, and for the people; now is  it not reasonable that the Government should deal out equal and exact justice to all classes and to each individual? Indeed it is, and that was foreseen by our fore-fathers, who framed the Constitution of these United States, and so they inserted in Art. IV. of that document, "No reli-gious test shall ever be required as a quali-fication to any office of public trust under the United States." And, as that was not strong enough, they added, in Art. I, an amendment which reads as follows : " Con-gress shall make no laws respecting an es-tablishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This certainly ought to be protection enough for anyone, and would be if the men we place in office did not violate their oaths to support the Constitution of the United States. But what can we think of a professed Christian people, " 20,000,000 strong though they be," who will bribe these officials by " pe-titions and promises of support," to violate their oath of office? Surely it would seem that they did not deserve much respect. But we are happy to state that there is not one in one hundred that realize what they are doing. In fact the Christians of this country are helping to load a gun that, when it is exploded, will recoil upon themselves. The Herald believes in cer-tain Sunday laws; so do we. We believe also in Monday laws, but we do not believe in discriminating between the two. A law that is good for one day is good for every day. There never was a Sunday law made yet, " exclusive of other days," but resulted in persecution to a greater or less extent. The first Sunday law was made by Constantine, A. D. 321. It was an innocent looking affair in and of itself, but it grew; the church got stronger and demanded more. And so it continued un-til it was so firmly locked in the embrace of civil government, that they united and became one, and over 50,000,000 martyr's graves tell the moral. All churches and all denominations are protected in their worship, and it is right they should be. Farther than this the State can not go with-out infringing upon. the rights of others. The Sunday saloon closing business comes under the same head. It should be closed Sunday; it should also be closed Monday, and every other day. Is whisky any more whisky on Sunday than on Monday? Is there any more drunk in it one day than another? It is the same argument as in the village of Albion to-day over granting the drug stores a license. If they are granted a license, it will be because they are druggists and are befriended by of-ficials of the law regardless of justice. It is the same with closing saloons on 'Sun-day. It is the day to be protected, not the liquor traffic stopped. If it was, they would make a law a little stronger and stop it every day. Now, my Sunday law friends, a few questions : " Is n't the gospel just as powerful to-day' as it was in the days of Christ? Did he call upon Caesar to help him, or did he say that they that take the sword shall perish by the sword? Did not Paul say to Timothy, that in the last days there would be a people having a form of godliness, but would deny the power thereof?-2 Tim. 3: 1-5. Are there not a people of to-day who have a form of godliness that deny the power of God by appealing to Ccesar for Sunday laws? Or do they mistrust that God will have nothing to do with Sunday, and their only hope rests in Ceesar?Š W. C. Eaton, in Orleans Herald. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE New York Press says of the action of Con-gress in passing the proviso requiring the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, "The prejudice that would transgress in the name of the Founder of Christianity the very spirit of his teachings is pit-iable." INFORMATION has been received through a Danish paper, published in Atlantic, Iowa, that two hun-dred arrests for violating the Sunday law have been made in Oskaloosa. The chief crime for which they are charged is selling cigars on Sunday. A county official is among the number arrested. FOR some time there have been continual efforts in Atlanta, Ga., to compel the closing of all bus-iness on Sunday. Recently this work has taken a new turn. Detectives, or paid spies, traverse the streets on Sunday, hunting "blind tigers" (persons selling liquor on the sly) and their mode of catch-ing them is to buy a drink and then cause the ar-rest of the seller. THE newspapers throughout the country com-ment most unfavorably on the action of Congress in reference to the World's Fair. One Chicago paper declares that our congressional doctors of di-vinity must have previously read up the proceed-ings of the Councils of Nice and Trent, and other similar dogma manufacturing bodies, to have mod-eled their course so closely after their example, on the Sunday question. IMMEDIATELY upon the passage of the Sunday closing proviso to the World's Fair appropriation the Chicago Turners, numbering some five thou-sand, passed resolutions condemning the action of the Senate and declaring that it would cause a fall-ing off of at least 12,000,000 admission tickets. A delegate meeting of representatives of forty-eight labor and other societies also protested against Congress attempting to close the Fair on Sunday. THE following paragraph is taken from an edito-rial in the Rocky Mountain News :Š " At the Omaha mass meeting, called to consider this question [Sunday closing of the World's Fair], Judge Lawrence held enforced Sunday observance to be necessary, `so that the churches might have a chance to draw the people to church.' The churches are in a bad way if they depend for rein-forcements on making things so uncomfortable out of church on Sunday that people will be drawn there as a choice between two evils, for that is about the inference to be deduced from Judge Lawrence's reason for Sunday laws." THE Sun publishes this dispatch from New Or-leans, of the date of July 17:Š The Sunday law was enforced at New Orleans to-day for the first time in four years, all the stores and bar-rooms being closed. This result was brought about by the agitation of the labor organ-izations. Four years ago the first Sunday law was passed. It was very unpopular here, where Sun-day has always been a gala day, and became a dead letter almost from the start. The bar-rooms were the first to defy it. Then the cigar stands, barber shops, and finally, the clothing and other retail stores reopened. The violations of the law became so general that it bore hard on the clerks and other employees. A few days ago the labor organizations held a special session to consider the matter, at which thirty-three associations were represented. The question of the retail stores re-maining open on Sunday was discussed and the general conclusion reached that the present system was oppressive to the employees. A delegation waited on the mayor and asked him to enforce the law. Several of the retail mer-chants were notified and agreed to close to-day. Last night the police force was detailed specially to hunt up all late offenders, and the result was a 