422 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. within him at the thought : "This is my own, my na-tive land." The Deist may be just as patriotic as the Christian ; but only the latter can feel and exhibit in his life an unselfish love for souls for whom Christ died. The rulers of the world to-day are busy stimu-lating "patriotism." The thrones of earth are depen-dent upon it. In America it means one thing; in Russia another. Patriotism is not a virtue per se. Only three years since, patriotismŠlove of his coun-tryŠcaused General Weyler to issue his infamous re-concentrado order in Cuba. It is patriotism, love of country, that animates the Chinese Boxers to-day. Patriotism is well enough in its place. It is a con-servative and preservative force which the world doubtless needs in some measure, but let us not mis-, take it for Christianity, nor make of it an idol. Fetish- ism is no part of Christianity. B. A Tale of Two Nations.ŠChrist and the King-ship. Empire brought ruin in Israel. "How doth the city sit solitary that was full of people ! How is she be-come as a widow ! she that was great among the nations, and princess among the provinces, how is she become tributary !" All the hopes of Israel's empire had turned to ashes on her lips. At last there came "the voice of one crying in the wilderness." This was John the Baptist, the fore-runner of Jesus Christ; in thrilling tones he preached, "Repent ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand." Thousands flocked to hear his words ; many were actuated by high and noble purposes and a desire for a better life, but others because they thought that by connecting themselves with this strange herald, a prominent place in the new kingdom would be given them. At last the Master cameŠthe long looked-for Mes-siah, the One of whom seers had writtten and prophets foretold. He "went about all Galilee teaching in their synagogues and preaching the gospel of the kingdom." All throughout his life Christ preached concerning "the kingdom," but the majority of those who heard him believed that the kingdom of which he spake was a temporal, earthly monarchy. Nothing could have been further from the mind of Christ, and his whole life-work reveals this fact. In the earlier stages of his mission, he was led of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. It is written "And the devil taking him up into a high mountain showed unto him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time. And the devil said unto him, all this power will I give thee and the glory of them ; for that is delivered unto me ; and to whom-soever I will I give it. If thou therefore will worship me. all shall be thine." In the Bible the devil is called the prince of this world. What he stated was true, that the power of the nations belonged to him. In general, he manipu-lates them as he wills. Most successfully has he done this. Looking back over the pages of history how clear it is that human governments have been largely the instruments in the hands of the. evil one for the oppression of the people of God. Here was an offer from His Satanic Majesty to the Prince of Peace. Satan offered Christ the rulership of all the kingdoms of this world. This was one of the most overpowering temptations which Satan was per-mitted to bring against the Saviour. The Master could look down the ages of time and see all the suf-fering of himself and his followersŠwould it not be far better for him personally to take immediate charge of the governments of the nations of the world? He could then so order events that his servants need never suffer persecution or distress. But the Master did not so reckon. His kingdom was a different kind of a kingdom altogether. His kingdom was not to be an earthly monarchy. He had come to earth to stand faithful to the same principles of government which with his Father he had given to Israel in the beginning; he had come to bring to the fulness of its birth that wonderful principle of "govern-ment by the consent of the governed." "Let every man," he says, "be fully persuaded in his own mind." Christ did not see in the temptation of Satan a "spe-cial providence," or "moral responsibility," or an "op-portunity to Christianize all nations," or "manifest destiny." With steadfast eye and untrembling voice he turned to the arch deceiver with the words, "get behind me, Satan." His kingdom was not to be sus-tained by human arms. Force and arbitrary power have no place in it. It propagated itself not by human power, pomp and pageant, but by the prayers, by the sacrifices, by the sufferings and by the blood of that noble army of martyrs who "loved not their lives unto death." But Israel was steeped in the idea that at last an opportunity had come to cast off the hated Roman yoke, and for Israel to once more become an important factor in the politics of the world. P. T. MAGAN. "The greatest good to the greatest number" is sometimes urged in defense of laws which trench upon personal rights, such as Sunday statutes. But the plea is sophistical. The same logic would justify the confiscation of the wealth of the few for the good of the many. It would justify even the hold-up gang, who, for the "good" of several, rob the individual. But suppose the principle were to prevail in such matters, what then ? Neither the life nor the property 