36 THE AMERICAN s8NTINEL. accident or disaster or unavoidable delay in mak-ing the regular connections upon postal routes and routes of transportation, and allows for the trans-portation and delivery of milk before 5 A. m., and after 10 P. M. This is the whole of the bill, so far as its prohibition of labor is concerned. It will be seen that it is very strict as far as its jurisdic-tion extends, but it does not directly affect citi-zens of the States, except Government employes. But its indirect effect in the States will be scarcely less than its direct effect in places subject to the exclusive control of the United States. It is well known that the great obstacle in the way of enforcing existing Sunday laws in the various States, has been the United States Government. In the hearing on the Sunday-Rest bill before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, De-cember 13, Mrs. Bateham said that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union based theii claims and petitions on the following facts:Š "1. Nearly every State has Sabbath laws, but the National Government has none, though greatly needed, since the question has become em-phatically a national one, and the very perpetuity or loss of our national rest, the Christian Sabbath, seems to depend on its being protected by the Government from the encroachments of organized capital, and the reinforcements of State laws by National. " 2. It is in gross violation of nearly every State Sabbath law, that railroads run their Sunday trains, yet these States are powerless to prevent it, since only Congress can control inter-State com-merce. "3. By the State laws ordinary labor and traf-fic is forbidden on Sunday, but in defiance thereof the United States Government keeps its post-offi-ces open and sells as on other days, and sends its mail to all parts of the country."ŠReport, p. 22. It will be seen that the plea for a National Sun-day law is made on the ground that the State Sunday laws are powerless without it. In that same committee meeting, Senator Blair, the chair-man, stated that the General Government takes advantage of what the States have given to it in the way_ of jurisdiction over the post-offices, inter-State commerce, and the army and navy, to in-troduce practices that nullify their attempt to en-force Sunday laws, and said :Š "To prevent this, is the object of this legislation. That is all that is undertaken here. It is simply an act proposing to make efficient the Sunday-Rest laws of the States, and nothing else."ŠRe-port, p. 97. We shall hereafter take occasion to show how terribly "efficient" some of those Sunday laws will become when this Sunday-Rest bill becomes a law. National Reformers have ever referred to the gen-eral Government as the great Sabbath-breaker, holding that running of mail trains, and the keep-ing open of post-offices practically nullified all their efforts to have Sunday strictly observed. With this objection removed, there would be speedy and strict enforcement of the Sunday-laws that already exist, and enactment of laws where there are none now. The passage of the bill, therefore, would practically result, as was said at the National Sunday Convention, in making Sun-day the ideal Sabbath of the Puritans, to be oc-cupied only by worship. It should be opposed by everybody; by those who do not care to observe Sunday, as a matter of course, and because it is unjust and un-American; and by those who do care to observe Sunday, both from the standpoint  of the golden rule, and because they should pro-test against having their worship from choice made to appear as though it was a matter of compulsion. E. J. W. How Sunday-Law Sentiment Is Manu- factured. WHEN the Sunday-Law petitions were being presented to the Senate, January 16, Mr. Blair arose and made the following presentation, which we copy from the Congressional Record of Jan-uary 17 : "MR. BLAIR: I present petitions of several bodies, praying for the passage of a Sunday-rest law. Of the petitions, the following analysis is submitted by those who desire their presentation:Š Petitions from national bodies. CONTENTS: 1. ILdividual signatures 407 2. Representative signatures by indorsements of bodies _14,174,387 and meetings  Total .14,174,744 "Analysis of the latter: "First indorsement is that of the American Sab-bath Union, which was officially constituted by official action of the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, the Home Missionary Society of the Baptist Church, the General Assem-blies of the Presbyterian Church (North and South), and the Synod of the Reformed Church, five de-nominations whose membership together is 5,977,-693. Of the membership of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, the i ndorsement of whose international convention stands second, at least 20,000 citizens of the United States. Of the Knights of Labor, the indorsement of whose in-ternational convention stands third, at least 219,-000 citizens of the United States. The Presby-terian General Assembly, North, whose action stands next, had at the time of the indorsement 722,071 members. The convention of Christian Workers, whose indorsement is next, had 450 present when the unanimous vote of indorsement was taken. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, which comes next, had 185,521 at the time of the vote. The Roman Catholics, for whom Cardinal Gibbons speaks, number 7,200,000." From this official analysis it appears, that of the alleged 14,174,337 signatures to the Sunday-law' petitions, only 407 were actual signatures. This is too insignificant a portion to be noted, so that practically the whole number was secured by vote. 4.  Now let us look a little closely at the votes by which this number of alleged signatures was ob-tained. Take the Knights of Labor Assembly. That assembly, it is true, was a representative body. But the members of that body were elected to represent the organization in all questions per-taining to the government and policy of the or-ganization, and not to represent the personal opinions of all the individual members, on mat-ters foreign to the working of the organization. They were not elected for the purpose of acting on any such question as the enactment of a Sun-day law. Therefore, when they voted on the petition which Mr. Crafts submitted to them, they did so only as individuals. If we knew how many men there were present at that meet-ing of the General Assembly of the Knights of Labor, and how many of them voted, we could tell just how many Knights of Labor have in-c'orsed the Sunday-law petition. We know that there are thousands of Work-ingmen and Knights of Labor who are opposed to a Sunday law of any kind; yet they are, against their will, paraded as favoring one. We say again, that the action of that Assembly could no more be taken as showing how the great body of Knights of Labor stand on the Sunday ques-tion, than similar action concerning religion or politics could have shown to what church or political party all the members adhere. The same, may be said of the Brotherhood of  Locomotive Engineers, and also of the various religious organizations that are paraded. We say this advisedly, for we know that very many members of each of the churches mentioned have, with their own hands, signed counter peti-tions. These are facts, and people who have a love for truth and justice should see to it that they are set before the law-makers in their proper light, to undo, as far as possible, the false im-pression that has been made as to the strength of Sunday-law sentiment. The way in which these petitions have been handled, stamps the whole -thing as un-American. The leaders in this affair have deprived the peo-ple of a fair representation. Their action is more adapted to an aristocracy, or a despotism, than a Republic. If they do not know that their whole procedure was fraudulent, then so much the worse for them. It shows that they have so far imbibed the spirit of Papal Rome that they can no longer appreciate the genius of American liberty. Certain it is that an abominable fraud has been perpetrated in order to boom the Sun-day-law bill; and we intend to cry aloud, and spare not. The Blair Amendment. To those who think that the SENTINEL'S stric-tures on the Blair Bills are partisan or sectarian, we commend the following on the Blair Edu-cational Amendment to the Constitution. It is an editorial utterance of the San Francisco Chron-icle of December 27, 1888, and no candid, thinking person can deny that it is a just criticism. The very same criticism, in part, was made upon this bill in the AMERICAN SENTINEL of last July :Š Senator Blair, of New Hampshire, has presented an amendment to the Federal Constitution, concerning the establishment of a national educa-tional system, the provisions of which are briefly as follows:Š Section 1 provides that no State shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an estab-lishment of religon, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof: Section 2 makes it obligatory on every State to establish and maintain a system of free public schools for the education of children "in the com-mon branches of knowledge, and in virtue, mor-ality, and the principles of the Christian religion," but with an inhibition against the teaching of sectarian tenets, beliefs, ceremonials, or observ-ances. Section 3 provides that the United States shall guarantee to every State the support and main-tenance of such a system of free schools as is pro-vided for in the previous sections; and section 4 provides that Congress shall,enforce the amend-ment by legislation when necessary. It will be apparent that the proposed amend-ment is at variance with the spirit, at least, of the existing first amendment to the Constitution, which declams that "Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion." Undoubtedly the purpose of that amendment was to forbid any such union of Church and State as has obtained in Great Britain and other countries, and the Blair amendment does not, in terms, interfere with it; but can it be denied that it seeks to do indi-rectly what cannot be done directly under the Constitution? Where an article of the organic law provides that a certain thing shall be taught in the common schools of every State in the Union, is it not a mere evasion to say that it is 