THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 611, land," guarding against intrusion their western fron-tier. If Thibet has thrown in her lot with civiliza-tion, the control of China by the great world forces will be doubly easy. Whatever may have been the cause, this event, if it has really happened, is one of the most impor-tant of the closing century, since it signifies that the last hermit- nation on earth has thrown down its walls.ŠChristian Endeavor World /14  SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT IN ARKANSAS. THE spirit of Sunday legislation appears to be reviving in the State of Aakansas, which was the first to become prominent in the modern crusade to enforce Sunday observance in this country. There, after Several conscientious observers of the seventh day had been prosecuted under the Sunday law, an eloquent plea for religious freedom, made by Senator Crockett in the legislature, stayed the hand of legal oppression, and the spirit of intolerance has since given few signs of life up to the present time. Now, however, the city of Searcy comes forward with the fol-lowing ordinance against" Sabbath-breaking," which, as the reader will observe, plainly exhibits the reli-gious nature of the law and the hollowness of the exemption accorded the religious minority: " Be it ordained by the city council of the city of Searcy: "Section 1. Every person who shall on the Sab-bath or Sunday be found laboring, or shall compel his apprentice or servant to labor or to perform other services than customary household duties of daily necessity, comfort, or charity, on conviction thereof, shall be fined one dollar for each separate offense. " Section 2. Every apprentice or servant com-pelled to labor on Sunday shall be deemed a separate offense of the master. " Section 3. No person who from religious belief keeps any other day than the first day of the week as the Sabbath shall be required to obserVe,the first day of the week, usually called' the Christian Sab-bath, and shallnot be liable to the penalties-enacted .a.gainst Sabbath-breaking: Provided, no store or sa-loon shall be kept open, or business Carried on there on the Christian Sabbath; and, provided further, no person so observing any other day shall disturb any religious congregation by his avocations or employ-ments. " Section 4: Every person who shall on Sunday keep open any store or retail any goods, wares, and n-ierchandise, or keep- open any ,dram shop or-  gro--cery, or who shall keep the _doors of the same so as  to afford ingress or egress, or retail or sell any spirits or wine, shall, on conviction thereof, be fined in any sum not less than twenty-five dollars, nor more than one hundred dollars.. "Section 5. Charity or necessity on the part of the customer may be shown in justification, of the violation of the last preceding section. "Section 6. Every person who shall on the Chris-tian Sabbath or Sunday be engaged in any game of Bragg, bluff, poker, seven-up, three-up, twenty-one; vingtun, thirteen cards, the odd trick, forty-five, whist, or at any other game of cards known by any name now known to the laws, or with any other new name-, for any bet or wager on such games-, or for amusements without any bet or wager, shall, on-con-viction thereof, be fined in any sum not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than fifty dollars. " Section 7. This ordinance to take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication. " Adopted February 20, 1900. " J. J. BAUGH, Mayor. " R. S. ROGERS, Recorder." This report is from the-  Searcy Daily Citizen of September 21. The prohibition of minor games and amusements'  on the " Christian Sabbath " can be for no other pur-pose than that of guarding its religious character.-  Under.  this provision of the ordinance two young girls sitting at home on Sunday could not play a game of " authors " without being liable to arrest and a fine of fifty dollars. Certainly it will be the wisest course for parents in-that city to take their children to church on Sunday, for the temptation to seek recreation in some form in ,preference to idleness is very strong in young people-, and might easily Under the watchful vigilance of thoSe zealous for the law involve the parents in financial disaster; and when some person is, arrested and brought into court for amusing himself or performing secular labor on the alleged sacred day it -must be proved that the offense was 'committed on the Christian" SabbathŠthat is, the court or the jury must decide what day of the week is the Christian Sabbath! Such a proceeding sanctions the whole-  principle of the union of church and state. s. A-SALT LAKE CITY paper says that the Mormon Church will support the political party- now in power. Can this decision have any connection with,  the flying of the American flag over the harems of the island of Sulu? 