IVIVrI1131ŁTALILe RELIGIOUS -LIBERTY Ł AS$-OCRTION:-  DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. , We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science, We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by.  the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty, 358 177E-4 Al\AEli._)-IC.A_N,  Ł SENTINEL.. , Rev. 0. B. Milligan indorsed the sentiments of the preceding speakers, and declared that instead of the meeting in his church being to disorganize or,  disintegrate the Covenanter Church, it was, for the purpose of promoting church unity. Rev. W. L. C. Thompson took up the platform, and 'after a strict comparison with the church laws showed that in his opinion they were in harmony. I have always held private opinions on church unity and on other church affairs and they have not been questioned until now. If guilty of heresy I will stand the censure, but, under-stand-me, my private opinions must not be governed by the private opinions of other men. I have not preached these doc-trines, nor have I spoken of them in private unless they were first broached to me. My views are known and plain and there I stand, and I cannot do otherwise. Rev. H. W. Temple, who was mentioned as the leading spirit of "the 'veVenteen," next took the platform, and picking up the circular, said:Š For my connection with this I am branded as an apostate, as a breaker of covenants, as a violator of my sacred vows of or-dination as a minister of the gospel; as a heretic and a teacher of wrong. Is it possible, is it possible that a minister of this church or any other is cited for crimes because he subscribed to these doctrines ? I do not deny anything; I do not defend myself, and I have nothing to explain. The invitation of this committee to have a,free and frank discussion is very open, but it may have been intended to draw us out with the intention of using our own language as testimony against us. I believe it to be so. Nevertheless, with the expectation that what I say will be used against me, I repeat that there is nothing that I have to defend. It is true that I did have this platform printed. Mr. Temple concluded with a few remarks that were rather defiant in tone and which moved sev-eral of the members of the court to interrupt him. Rev. Dr. R. J. George, Rev. Dr. McAllister, Rev. Dr. Thomas Sproull, and Prof. Wilson then took the floor successively and endeavored to convince the young men of their errors. After a hearing of both sides without getting near a satisfactory con-clusion, Rev. Dr. McAllister offered the following as a basis of settlement:Š The undersigned members of the Pittsburg Presbytery of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, with a view to the restoration of brotherly harmony and confidence, agree to the following declarations concerning the position and duty of the Reformed Presbyterian Church: 1. While the word of God is the only supreme standard of faith and practice, the authoritative interpretation of that word by the church must be accepted as the rule to be practically applied for the regulation and conduct of her members as well as the statement of their profession. This admits of the probability of error in the church's inter-pretation of God's word and leaves the way open for the most full and candid and at the same time orderly discussion of our doctrines and laws in the light of the only infallible standard, and for the orderly revision of her doctrines aud,amendment of her laws, to bring them whenever necessary into close har-mony with the divine word. 2. The Reformed Presbyterian Church has interpreted offi-cially and authoritatively the divine word as forbidding her members to become parties to the compact of the Constitution of the United States either by accepting office to administer the compacts of Government or by the exercise of the elective franchise in sending men as representatives to administer it, be-cause that compact does not acknowledge the law of Christ as the supreme standard of morals for the Government, but places the people in that place instead of the word of God. This in-terpretation is the law of the Covenanter Church to-day. 3. That the members of the Covenanter Church have always held'this position and stilt hold it with the purest Christian pat-riotism, and with most cordial readiness to perform every duty to their country, and to sacrifice in the future, as in the past, not only their property, but, if necessary, their lives for their beloved country's highest good. The paper presented by Dr. McAllister failed to meet the views of the accused, and it was withdrawn. As a last resort, after several other plans had been pro-posed and rejected, the report of the Com-mittee on Discipline recommending a judicial committee with full power to try the case was adopted. A committee will be appointed by the Committee on Sup-plies and confirmed by the presbytery. The presbytery will meet again on the second Tuesday in April, 1891. THE man who is afraid to do right, is as bad as the man who is not afraid to do, wrong.ŠSan Francisco Weekly Star. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. Stirring the Whole Country. THE American Sabbath Union, with the National Reform Association, and all their numerous allied organizations, are stirring the whole country to bring to bear such an influence upon the managers of the World's Fair that they will give religious recognition to Sunday, not by permitting the closing of such exhibits as,  it pleases , the exhibitors to close, but to compel the exclusion of the public and the entire ces-sation of all the business of the Exposi-tion on that day, whether such an ar-rangement shall coincide with the wishes of the exhibitors and the public, or not. The effect of 'the agitation for the ,Sun-day closing of the World's Fair, is dently to cement the forces of religious: nationalism in a more compact body, ac quaint them more fully with their own power and numbers, and give them assur-ance to drop the specious plea for a " civil Sunday " entirely, and concentrate their entire effort openly, and without reserve, upon the securing of the enforcement of a religious observance of Sunday. The following;  from the "Pearl of Days," will show how, as that publication says, " there has never before been such an awakening" of a desire to secure the, en-forcement of a religious form :Š " The mails are bringing us daily a great number and variety of petitions to be for-warded to the Columbian Commission against opening the World's Fair. on Sun-, days. Some are very short and general, others are longer and more in 'detail, and others are carefully elaborate in argument but all manifest one and the same earnest, decided and urgent spirit of patriotic, and Christian opposition td the opening of the Exposition on the Lord's day. Many of them are from the Young People's Soci-eties of Christian Endeavor, and from Sunday-school officers, teachers, and:schol-ars, and from county and State Sunday- school conventions. Others come from pastors, officials, members, and adherents of congregations of nearly all denomi _ natiOns.Šand often these have been author-ized' by a=rising vote. " Thenriollow- numerous resolutions, ap-peals, protests, and petitions, by the unan-imous action of ecclesiastical assemblies of all grades, and which represent hun-dreds of thousands of the best people of the whole country. Temperance organi-zations, patriotic orders, labor unions, and similar societies also wheel into line. Young Men's Christian Associations are work-ing faithfully for the cause. Outside of all these, we are constantly receiving petitions from citizens of important places without distinction of sect, sex, or race, and covered with hundreds of signatures of reputable persons. The reasons assigned are legal, historical, patriotic, humane, benevolent; moral, and religious. They insist upon the divine institution, the per-manent obligation, the blessings and priv-ileges of the Sabbath of God and man. They deprecate the desecration of the Christian Sabbath at the Exposition as an affront to its Lord, as a wrong to the Na-tion, as a disgrace to the fair name of our country, as a transgression of the laws of Illinois, and of every State that has any Sabbath laws. . . And finally and supremely, in all these documents, the warm Christian feeling of the country is expressed in ardent love for the hallowed day, in loyal obedience to the fourth commandment, and in deprecation of God's judgments upon this generation for the violation of his law of the rest day." All this is significant, not indeed of a revival of fervent piety, but of a religious feeling which manifests itself in formal observances while neglecting the weight-ier matters, judgment, mercy, and faith. Sunday is fast becoming recognized as " the badge of all religion," that is of all form religion, and those who so regard it will never rest till they secure for it formal recognition from the national Govern- ment. W. H. M. BY its persistent appeals for sumptuary laws the Rocky Mountain News is invit-ing its party to defeat. It goes so far as to say that to open barber shops on Sunday is "the violation of a divine law," and " that, if necessary, a city ordinance should be adopted to keep the shops closed on Sunday.," Of course on the same prin-ciple the News would advocate a State and national Sunday law, which is at variance with one of the vital principles of our na-tional Government. . . . If the journeymen barbers desire to rest on Sunday there is no law to prevent them from doing so, and they have a perfect right to refuse to work on that day. Sunday rest is a question which every American citizen should be allowed to determine for himself. He may desire to rest on the seventh day of the week in accordance with his religious belief or from personal choice; or on the second day of the week for like reasons.ŠColorado Graphic. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKBE, President. Secretary. 