176 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. Vol. 4, No. 22. TI2e Arr2eFiew2 3e12tii2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA,-JUNE 26, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by soma friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-ishers to pay for the same. IMPORTANT matter pertaihing to the Kings County (N. Y.) Sabbath Association, and also to the Missouri Sabbath Observance Convention, is unavoidably crowded out of this issue. Further reference to tire proceedings of these bodies will appear in succeeding numbers. THE Kings County Sunday Association, New York, says: "From the ranks of the idlers the criminal classes are recruited." This is true; it cannot be disputed for a moment; but that as-sociation exists for the sole purpose of securing the enactment of laws enforcing idleness regularly one whole day out of every week in the year. Now put this and that together: The Sunday Association proposes by law to enforce idleness. " From the ranks of the idlers the criminal classes are recruited." Therefore, the Sunday Associa-tion multiplies recruits for the criminal classes. Let them escape the logic if they can. THE persistence of the advocates of a religious amendment to the Constitution is manifested in the fact that the field secretary of the National Reform Association expects to visit every State and Territory before the end of the year. His object in making this tour is to organize State, county, and city Sunday associations, and thus pre-pare the public mind for a vigorous appeal to Congress in behalf of a National Sunday law. Will the opponents of such legislation take steps to offset his nefarious work? or will they let their liberties go by default? If you wish to be forti-fied against his inconsistent fulminations, subscribe for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, which is strictly devoted to the defense of our American institu-tions, and the work of exposing the vagaries of National Reform. IN one of the late issues of the Christian Cyno-sure, of Chicago, it refers to the AMERICAN SENTINEL aS " a small paper whose special ob-ject is to antagonize the National Reform Associ-tion and every effort to secure the sanctity of the Sabbath-day." To the first part of this statement we yield an unqualified assent. Inasmuch as the National Reform Association is seeking to debase religion by bringing it down on a level with common pol-itics, we do antagonize it. We are glad the Cyno-sure at last begins to recognize the fact. If such an unholy alliance is to be formed, and if the so-called church of God is determined to prostitute herself to the service of the world in return for the paltry power she hopes to receive thereby, we want it distinctly understood that she can find no encouragement to such a course in the columns of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. Not that we are opposed to religion; far from it; our position is from a religious standpoint, but because we know from the past workings of such experiments that the inevitable result is always detrimental to the best interests of both Church and State. Relig- ion and politics never yet made a successful mixt-ure, and it is because we desire to see this glori-ous republic continue its administration under the pure principles of true liberty and justice to all its citizens that we antagonize National Re-form. And as long as the National Reform Association is opposed to these principles, as the published sentiments of its leaders show it to be, just so long we shall endeavor to antagonize it. And if by the efforts " to secure the sanctity of the-Sabbath-day," the Cynosure means the wicked scheme of the National Reformers to coerce the consciences of men and compel them by power of civil law to regard Sunday as a sacred institution, and to refrain from labor on that day whether they believe in it or not, then we want to say that it is the object of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to antagonize just such work as that. And our an-tagonism would be just as radical if such an effort were made by any other body, or concerning any other day. We are opposed to all such work, be-cause it is wrong, and only wrong, first, last, and all the time. REV. W. F. CRAFTS, in criticising Christians who oppose the National Reform movement, says: "It is a strange thing that men professing the name of Christ can see themselves mixing in with liquor dealers." But he is willing to unite with the Catholics, as a body, and everyone knows that saloon keeping and liquor selling gen-erally is a common business among the adherents of that church. When his party counted Car-dinal Gibbons's name as good for 7,200,000 Cath-olics, they knew very well that thousands upon thousands in that combination were liquor deal-ers. And when the American Sabbath Union was formed, Mr. Crafts being an active leader in the association, it was claimed to be a movement in which " Christians and infidels, saints and sin-ners" could unite for the promotion of Sabbath reform. Ł Ł THE tender, loving spirit which actuates some of our National Reform friends is well exempli-fied in the following from Fire and Hammer, a so-called religious paper published in Los Ange-les, this State :Š "We have received a circular from the American Sentinel Publishing Company, Oakland, Cal., wishing us to use our influence to break down the Christian Sab-bath, and to prevent the passage of the national law against secular work, and,  turning our Christian Sab-bath into the infidel continental Sabbath of France, with no definite time set apart for the learning about ..God or morals. Our private opinion of the SENTINEL and its sentiments is, that it is one of the most dam-nable sheets ever published. . . . " We take notice of your circular, Mr. SENTINEL, by these few well-considered-for-years sentiments ; and hereby set our hand and seal, that we consider your form 'of infidelity to be one of the worst, if not the worst, that the devil has hatched out in sulphurdom for centuries. 'There is not an infidel or saloon keeper in the land but hugs your delusion of devils as Satan will you except you repent." We are sorry to soil the columns of the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL with language of this kind, but it seems necessary in order to give our read-ers a proper idea of the true spirit of National Reform. "Michael the Archangel, when con-tending with the devil he disputed about the body of Moses, durst not bring against him a rail-ing accusation, but said, The Lord rebuke thee ;" but this professed Christian editor does not stop short of profanity in the railing accusation which he brings against us, simply because we insist that the State has no right to pass laws requiring the observance of a religious institution. We do not know what the Fire and Hammer means by saying that " it has received a circular from the American Sentinel Publishing Com-pany." In the first place, there is no such pub-lishing company; and in the second place, no such circular as described has ever been sent out by any-one connected with this office, nor by anyone else to our knowledge. We suppose that the venom of the editor has got the better of his desire, if he has any, to tell the truth. It matters not to us what his private opinion is of the SENTINEL nor of its sentiments. Nor are we to blame if there are saloon keepers in the land with a sufficient sense of justice to appreciate the arguments which we use. We have certainly never said anything in the SENTINEL that we do not believe is perfectly consistent with true Christianity, and here we shall continue to stand ; we cannot do otherwise. THE theological attainments of Mr. Elliott F. 'Shepard, president of the American Sunday-law Union, are not by any means limited to the Sun-day question. It takes in such profound ques-tions as the celebration of Easter, the reasons for it, the meaning of it, etc. For instance, his paper of April 20, in an editorial on aster Sunday, says :Š " What is the particular event which Easter Sunday is supposed to commemorate? It is thisŠnothing more, nothing lessŠthat on this particular day, one thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine years ago, Jesus Christ, after having been crucified and having lain in the grave for three days, rose triumphant from the dead." One thousand eight hundred and eighty-nine years ago ! Hardly. Jesus Christ was only about four years old at that time. He was not crucified when he was four years old, and did not have a chance to rise from the dead 1889 years ago. The sum of this whole matter is thisŠ" noth-ing more, nothing less,"Šeither Mr. Shepard had better take to studying his Bible, or else quit writing or speaking on any Bible subject. "National Reform" vs. the Bible. WHAT " REFORMERS " SAY. " Christ shall be this world's king." " What we want is law, and we will have it too." " Our methods to secure it are, agitation, the ballot, and, last, the bullet." " The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics."  "Our remedy for all these malific influences is to have the Government simply set up the moral law, recognize God's au-thority behind it, and lay its hands on any religion that does not conform to it." N Ł 4* Now is the time to renew your subscription to this paper. Look at the date on the address label, or wrap-per, of your SENTINEL this week. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, , both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fac. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. WHAT THE BIBLE SAYS. "My kingdom is not of Ł this world." John 18 : 36. " If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight."Šlb. " A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a king-dom, and to return." Luke 19 :12. "Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place ; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Matt. 26 : 52. J. A. OPPEY. 