668 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. as quietly as it has is evidence of the truth of what the Republican says. The strikers have not been less demonstrative than during, former strikes, but through fear of jeopardizing the party in power the authorities have taken an entirely different course from the one pursued in the past; and it is not at all unlikely that should the strike continue until after the election threatening demonstrations against those who desired to work would no longer be permitted. The whole thing simply emphasizes one of the dan-gers which threaten popular government. .4 .4 IN a lengthy review of a recent book, " The Evan-gelization of the World in this Generation," by John A. Mott, the Sunday School Times says: " There is no lack of hindrances to the evangeli-zation of the world in.  this generation. The un- evangelized are numerous and widely distributed, and in a few cases inaccessible. Oriental govern-ments are suspicious, and so-called Christian powers' are most uh-Christiau in their treatment of alien races. Foreigners are frequently the leading source of corruption in Oriental cities." This only emphasizes the, folly of calling:  nations " Christian." There never has been and- there never can be,  in this present world any such thing as a truly Christian nation. NOTWITHSTANDING all the efforts put forth in Austro-Hungary even by the government itself to correct the erroneous impression, thousands and tens of thousands of people in that country still be- - lieve that the murder of Christians and the offering of 'their blood is a part of the Jewish ritual worship. It is charged by Count Von Hoensbroech, of Berlin, that "orthodox Protestant and the Ultramontane Catholic are 'zealously at work to make use of this lie to scare " the people, and to incite them to deeds of violence against the Jews. Count Von Hoens-broech is a member of one of the leading families of the German aristocracy. He was a membey of the Jesuit order, but, dissatisfied with its principles, he left the order a few years ago. His brother is still a member of the Centrum, the Catholic or Ultra-montane party in the German Reichstag. THE following from the Catholic Columbian is go- ing the rounds of the Catholic press: " A young, man of Elkhart, Ind., recently received  from a brother, who is a soldier in the Philippines, a package of loot' which has a peculiar interest for Catholics. The package contains two richly gold-embroidered vestments, a silver figure about six inches long, which seems to have been taken from a crucifix, a rosary, a large iron key of distinctly for-eign make, probably 'a church key. That the relics are genuine beyond doubt is proved by the fact that the package bears the approval of a commanding officer, Captain J. W. Porterfield,-Company M, Thir-tieth Infantry, U. S. V." This item, which is rather too circumstantial to be wholly a canard, seems to bear out at least in part, the reports of the looting of churches in the Philippines by American soldiers, notwithstanding official denials. .4 .4  THE secretary of the New England Sabbath Pro-tective League, who has been active in Rhode Is-land for some time -past, states that Sunday base-ball- and bicycle races have been prevalent there of late, and that " mass-meetings " have been held to awaken public sentiment against them. But pnblic sentiment, which mass-meetings are supposed to re-flect rather than to create, is evidently not opposed to these Sunday sports, since it is upon public pat-ronage that they depend for success. The main trouble with the Sunday cause is that it affords no ground for an appeal- to revealed truth. 40  IN New York, October 20, just before starting for his home -in St. Paul, Archbishop Ireland reiterated the statement he made before sailing for America, to the effect that the Pope is well pleaSed with the re-lations of the American Government to the church in the Philippine Islands. .4 .4 IT is said that a Russian general in command of troops ordered to China, but afterwards recalled, is reported to have said that his men were required to meet another foe. Press correspondents suggest that " the foe " means Germany. IT is said information has been secured by the police to the effect that Anarchists have condemned the Pope to death. These misguided men should remember that while they may kill Giacchino Pecci they can not kill the Pope. True, fora few days the the papal chair would be vacant, but the papal sys-tem would survive, and while men die the Pope lives in, the system. 