THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 339 anything about the matter, that neither Mr. King nor any of his Adventist friends in Michigan have been guilty, knowingly at least, of disturbing any Sunday wor-ship with their noise. They are not noted for being a noisy people, and plowing corn is by no means the noisiest kind of work. We have known of whole neighborhoods being disturbed by "shouting Meth-odists," and no prosecution being insti-tuted over it either. It is not the noise made by Adventists that is disturbing the editor of the Michigan Christian Advocate and his colleagues, but their observance of the seventh day as the Sabbath instead of the first, which Methodists say is the Sabbath. Their attempts at enforcing Sunday laws upon the observers of the seventh day is simply an effort to close the mouths of the latter from saying that which the Lord himself has said, that " the seventh day is the Sabbath." Many a battle has been fought out on this line in the past, but the invariable rule has been that though the persecuted were sawn in sunder, their works followed them, their words echoed round the world, and their persecutors were found in the end to be in error, though in killing them they may have thought they were doing God service. Reader! the rule still holds good. W. A. COLCORD. Multiplication by Division. THE division in the American Sabbath Union has resulted in increasing and dis-tributing the work of the organization and materially aiding its progress. The Sabbath Union, under the leadership of Col. Elliott F. Shepard and Rev. J. H. Knowles, with The American Sabbath as its official organ, devotes itself more par-ticularly to the sentiment and theory of Sunday laws and their enforcement, from the point of view rather of an aristocratic estheticism and dilettanteism of religion, while Rev. W. F. Crafts, with his organ, Sabbath Reform, is devoting himself to the practical business of organizing Law and Order Leagues; Sabbath Commit-tees; Sabbath Associations, local, State and National; and Rest Day leagues, in which a secret inquisition is instituted by direction of their Constitution, in which the secretary is instructed to "appoint an investigating commmittee of .four or more known only to themselves, some of whom on each Sabbath shall, by personal obser-vation; ascertain what violations of the law of the State and humanity are in prog-ress, and report fully in writing to the secretary, as a basis of reports from him to the board, to guide its work, and to the public by the press and platform, and to civil officers as an urgent incentive to fi-delity on their part." Thus Mr. Crafts is taking active meas-ures to utilize that " sword of the law " which he has boasted is ready sharpened and with hilt turned to his grasp. The evi- deuce of this has already been seen in some southern cities, especially in Atlanta, where Judge Maddox has found it necessary to instruct the Grand Jury that they are the only "Law and Order League" necessary or proper in an organized American mu- nicipality. But the organization of these associations which will eventually become religious Ku Klux and White Cappers, goes steadily on and when the time comes they will be ready to be the unseen hand to do the will of the Sabbath Union, which, itself, is too exalted in intellect, wealth and social position, and of too high an order of ideality, to carry out its decrees with its own hand or even look at the logi-cal results of its teachings. Some members of the National Reform Association feel that this organization, also, should be doubled in its activity and effectiveness by the same process of di-vision which has taken place in the Sab-bath Union. Interesting testimony to this fact may be found in the following article to the United Presbyterian from a Pitts-burg correspondent :Š " A number of the subscribers of the United Presbyterian have been for years members of and contributors to the Na-tional Reform Association. In not a few homes can be seen, neatly framed, hang-ing on the wall, certificates of life member-ship. For a long time some have felt that the movement was conducted on too nar-row a scale. The whole management was entrusted to a few persons, and these, with a few exceptions, members of the Cove-nanter Church. The recent troubles in the Reformed Presbyterian Church have com-pletely alienated some of the best friends of the reform. The New York Independ-ent, in a late issue, called attention to the fact that the managers of it, those who control its policy and expend its funds, were the leaders in the prosecution of the ministers in the trials last spring in this city, and also that National Reform as at present conducted was simply a disguised effort to carry out the views of the Cove-nanters. Outside of that body, not many persons are willing to accept the latter or to be led in any reform by Messrs. McAl-lister, Wilson, and George. " Now it is a pity that what is com-mendable, in the National Reform plat-form should be overlooked. A prominent Methodist brother remarked a short time ago that he was absolutely sure that any movement wisely inaugurated and con-ducted, based upon the fact that this is a Christian Nation, and intended to preserve its Christian features and give clearer ex-pression wherever needed, would receive the hearty indorsement of that church. There is scarcely a doubt it would meet with the approval of four-fifths of the Christian people of this land. Why can-not this be done? Who will take the initiative ? Cannot a few of our influen-tial citizens, representing different denom-inations, be called together and inaugurate  such a movement ? Now is the time to act. " National Reform as conducted now is something very different. It is based upon the theory that this is a Christless and Godless Nation. The conclusion is, Do not recognize it, testify against it, stand aloof from it, till this feature is re-moved. No wonder that only Covenant-ers can engage in it. Conducted on a broader platform all could unite in its ad-vocacy, and untold good would result." Ł  America's First Opposition to Sunday Laws. HARDLY had the liberty-loving Anglo-Saxons stepped their feet on the American shores and made a home in the wilds of New England, before the irrepressible spirit of liberty which has ever been a characteristic of these peoples, was des-tined to raise its voice in opposition to the Church-and-State Sunday laws which have descended to us from the Dark Ages. The pilgrim fathers landed in 1620; and before a score of years had passed the rightfulness of Sunday laws was one of the leading questions of debate in Amer-ica. Roger Williams, who has justly been styled " the first American," was the champion against Sunday laws, and the Puritan clergy and Government were their defenders. " Roger Williams," says Ban-croft, " was the first person in modern Christendom to assert in its plenitude the doctrine of the liberty of conscience, the equality of opinions before the law." " A few weeks after his arrival " (Feb-ruary 5, 1631), says his biographer, " Mr. Williams was invited by the church at Salem to become assistant to their pastor, the Reverend Mr. Skelton; but the mag-istrates of the Colony had heard of his opinions, and immediately interposed their remonstrances with the people of Salem to prevent his settlement." One reason of this interference on the part of the authorities, as alleged in the letter, which they addressed to the church at Salem, was that he " had declared his opinion that the magistrate might not pun-ish a breach of the Sabbath, nor any other offense that was a breach of the first table." (See Winthrop, 1, 52, where he makes such record in his journal of April 12, 1631.) This charge, it will be seen, relates to his declaration of the great doctrine, to the vindication and elucidation of which he was to devote his life. " His doctrine," continues his biographer, " was in direct conflict with both the opinions and the practices of the Colony of Massachusetts whose counselors and elders considered themselves the appointed guardians of the orthodoxy of the people; and in that age they could conceive of no other mode of executing their trust, than by inflicting civil penalties upon every one who ven-tured to dissent over. in the Wo§t 