80 THE. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 10. 142e An2eFical2  3e0 el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH 27, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. AT the Sunday-law meeting in Chicago, March 3, under the auspices of the " Sabbath Observance Association," there were 3,000 people ' present. • Ł I. THE Chicago Tribune thinks that the Sunday-law agitation in that city at the' present time is simply a movement to influence the coming city election, and says : " There will be more confi-dence in these Sunday-closing meetings when they are held in some other month than March." The people who are in the movement, however, are very sanguine, and expect large and definite re-sults. THE Rev. Green Clay Smith gave the address of welcome at the Prohibition Council in Louis-ville, Ky., February 13, and said, among other good things: "The Sabbath-day and its observance has been agitated. ' Many want a statute in favor of Sunday. I think Sunday observance ought to be left to the churches, and not be touched by the civil government." We think so, too, but our friends of the American Sunday Union ac-cuse us of pandering to saloon men, etc. Will they also accuse Rev. Green Clay Smith, Prohi-tion candidate for President in 1876, and still a prominent leader in the Prohibition party, of being in sympathy with the saloons? It will not be long before candid people will see that Sunday legislation has no connection whatever with tem-perance, and that a man may be a temperance man, a Christian, and a loyal American citizen, and still be opposed to Sunday laws. AT the recent Sunday-law meeting in Chicago, the president of the Jesuit College, who was one of the speakers, said :Š " This movement has the approval of all Catho-lics, and for Catholics there is one other consid-erationŠkeeping the day holy-is prescribed as a matter of strict obligation. There is to be a ces-sation of all labor as performed on week days, and it shall be a sober day, and be made notable by the closing of tippling-houses and dram-shops. The church claims the right to make it a holy day, and' no man shall say nay."ŠProm Report in Chicago Tribune, March 4. That shows what kind of a " civil Sunday " they want. Yet in that very meeting it was claimed that their movement was " a movement for the working classes." So it is, a movement to compel them to stop work on Sunday, whether they want to or not. IF Cardinal Gibbons was sincere when he ut-tered the words quoted in the following para-graph, and if they mean what they appear to on their face, the National Reformers would do well to take some lessons of him. They are from a re-cent speech in Philadelphia, at the anniversary dinner of the Catholic Club, which was reported in the Catholic Mirror of February 16:Š "For my part, and I say it boldly, I much prefer the system which obtains in our country, where the Church is sustained by the voluntary contributions of the faithful, as contrasted with the customs which prevail in portions of Catholic Europe, where the Church is supported at the expense of the Govern-ment. The Church has to pay often very dearly for this support that is given to her by the State. It is but a very feeble and inadequate compensa-tion for the wholesale confiscation of her property. Moreover, the ministers of religion are deprived of the liberty and the exercise of their exalted func-tions, and exposed to many annoyances to which, thanks be to God, we are utter strangers in this country. "I hope the day will never come when we will be obliged to call upon the State to build our churches; for if they build our churches they may dictate to us what doctrine we are to preach or what we are not to preach." THE following is our correspondent's summing up of the Louisville Prohibition Council: "Tak-ing the convention from first to last, it could be said to be little besides a heated discussion of woman suffrage. So much did it appear so that one gentleman said in convention that he had felt tempted to present a resolution in favor of prohibition, but was afraid it would not pass, or would be ignored because of the intense interest and excitement over the woman suffrage question." It seems that the Prohibitionists are not doing anything just yet in the way of temperance; they are get-ting a good ready, and by and by they intend to astonish the country. We have known people who expended all their strength getting ready to do a work, and so never accomplished anything. We think it will be so in this case. Is It Treason ? Trit Rev. J. Boring Gold said in his speech at the great Chicago Sunday meeting, March 3 :Š "It should be understood first and last that this is America, not Europe, and the laws say expressly that no work, save that of necessity and charity, shall be performed on the Sabbath. The man who does not subscribe to the doctrine of Sabbath ob-servance is a traitor to his country, and should be treated as such." Bold words! Let Americans who love liberty, and who know what true patriotism is, make a note of them. " The man who does not subscribe to Sabbath observance is a traitor, and should be treated as such." By Sabbath observance he means Sunday observance, of course. Now mark the heartless tyranny that is deliberately advo-cated by this Sunday partisan. A man may be a strict observer of the seventh day, and thus a subscriber to Sabbath observance as he finds it enjoined in the sacred Scriptures; he may have given years of his life, and may have shed his blood, in defense of his country; he may be a tax-payer, and 4 quiet, hard-working, law-abiding citizen; but if he doesn't bow the knee to the "venerable day of the, sun," he must be treated as a traitor. Such a position is simply abom-inable, and cannot be denounced in too strong terms. It shows that when the State takes re-ligious institutions under its protection, it will not lack for inquisitors. We do not know the gentleman who made that speech, but we should not be at all surprised if he had never seen this country when many loyal, native-born Americans, whom he denounces as traitors, were periling their lives for the country. We think it is high time for American people to begin to wake up to what is going on, Annual Meeting. NOTICE is hereby given that the annual meeting of the Society of the Seventh-day Adventist Church of Oakland will be held Wednesday, April 3, 1889, at half-past seven o'clock P. M., at the house of wor-ship of said society, S. E. corner Twelfth and Brush Streets, in the city of Oakland, Cal. The object of the meeting is the election of a Board of five Trus-tees, and the transaction of such other business as may be presented. W. N. GLENN, Sec. Oakland, March 80,1889. Western Bureau of Press Clippings. THE papers that each day pass through the hands of the Western Bureau of Press Clippings represent a subscription cost of $5,000 per annum. For a nominal price anyone can have the benefit of this immense list and have such items as may be published that are designated as of interest. The list comprises the leading scientific, literary, professional, trade class, and newspapers of the country. Address, Frank A. Burrelle, manager, suite 13 Times Building, Chicago, stating what you are particularly interested in, and they will give a practical illustration of how they can serve you, and give full details. 4I Ł 4. The Sentinel Library. THE above is the title of a semi-monthly publication issued by the Pacific Press Publishing Co., and treating upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform Movement, the Union of Church and State, and Civil and Religious Liberty. The Sen-tinel Library is regularly entered at the post-office as second-class matter, so that news agents can remail it at the regular pound rates. Each number will contain a telling treatise upon some branch or phase of the work. The Library will be uni-form in size (page about 5x7M inches), each number containing from 8 to 56 pages or more. Subscription price. 25 numbers, 75 cents per year, post-paid. Single numbers at the rate of one cent for each 8 pages, post-paid. The first four numbers are now ready. No. 1, entitled "The National Reform Constitution," gives a view of our Constitu-tion as it will appear when amended to conform to the views of National Reformers ; 24 pages, price three cents, post-paid. No. 2, entitled "Religious Liberty," contains Senator Robert H. Crockett's famous speech before the Arkansas Legislature, 8 pages, price one cent, post-paid. No. 3 is entitled "The Evils of Religious Legislation," 8 pages, price one cent, post-paid. No. 4 contains " The Blair Sunday-Rest Bill," 56 pages, price seven cents, post-paid. No. 6 will contain "The Blair Educational Amendment Bill," with comments showing the tendency which the passage of this bill will have toward the establishment of a national religion. Orders for single num-bers, or subscriptions for the year, should be addressed to Pa-cific Press Publishing Co., Twelfth and Castro Streets, Oakland, Cal., or 43 Bond Street, New York City. 1 Ł 4- OUR GENERAL AGENTS. IN THE Eastern, Southern, and Middle States. MaineŠM. Russell, 110 State Street, Bangor, Me. VermontŠL. A. Stone, 409 South Union Street, Burlington, Vt. Other New England StatesŠE. T. Palmer, South Lancaster, Mass. New York City and BrooklynŠT. A. Kilgore, No. 43 Bond Street, New York. New York StateŠJ. V. Willson, 317 West Bloomfield Street, Rome, N. Y. PennsylvaniaŠPennsylvania Tract Society, L. C. Chadwick, Sec-retary, box 2716, Williamsport, Penn. Southern StatesŠAll that territory lying south of Pennsylvania and the Ohio River and east of the Mississippi River; M. L. Huntley, Secretary International Tract Society, Battle Creek, Mich. TexasŠT. T. Stevenson, Denton, Texas. LouisianaŠA. F. Harrison, 033 Western Avenue, Shreveport, La. ArkansasŠW. G. Smith, lock box 249, Little Rock, Ark. IllinoisŠIllinois Tract Society, 28 College Place, Chicago, In. IndianaŠJ. W. Moore, Secretary Indiana Tract Society, 175 Cen-tral Avenue, Indianapolis, Ind. OhioŠL. T. Dysert, Secretary Ohio Tract Society, 1103 Case Ave., Cleveland, Ohio. AGENTS wanted to canvass for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, to whom liberal Cash commissions will be paid. Apply to either of the above general agencies, or address this office, for circulars, terms to agents, etc. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., GARLAND, CAL. 