290 AMERICAN SENTINEL. " On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." These two commandments exist in the very nature and circumstances of existence of any two intelligent creatures in the Universe. They existed thus in the exist-ence of the first two intelligent creatures that ever had a place in the Universe. When the first intelligence was created and there was no craature but himself, as he owed to his Creator his existence, as he owed to God all that he was or could be, heart, soul, might, mind and strength; it devolved upon him to render to God the tribute of all this and to love God with all his heart, and all his soul, and all his mind, and all his strength. And this is the first of all the com-mandments. It is first in the very nature and existence of the first, and of every other intelligent creature. But the second of these would have no place if there were but one intelligent creature in the universe; for then he would have no neighbor. When the second one was created, the first of all the commandments was first with him equally with the other one; and now the second great commandment exists in the very nature and exist-ence of these two intelligent creatures, as certainly as the first great commandment exists in the nature and exist-ence of the first one. Each of the two owes to the Lord all that he is or has, and all that he could ever rightly have. Neither of them has anything that is self-derived. Each owes all to God. There is between them no ground of preference. And this because of the honor each owes to God; because to each, God is all in all. Therefore the second great command-ment exists as certainly as the first; and it exists in the nature and circumstance of the very existence of intelli-gent creatures. Consequently, "There is none other com-mandment greater than these." These two commandments then, exist in the nature of cherubim, seraphim, angels and men. As soon as the man was created. the first of all the commandments was there, even though there had been no other creature in the Universe. And as soon as the woman was created, these two great commandments were there. And there was none other commandment greater than these. Now, if these two great commandments had been ob-served by man on the earth, that is, had man never sinned, there always would have been perfect and supreme religion; and there never could have been a State. Therefore it is certain that the observance of these two first of all the commandments, means the absolute separation of religion and the State. And thus the prin-ciple of separation of religion and the State inheres in the very existence of intelligent creatures. But man did sin. Mankind did not love God with all the heart nor their neighbors as themselves. Christianity was introduced to bring man back to the position, and the original relations, which he lost. "For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them." It being then the one great purpose of Christianity to restore man to his original condition and relation to God, its purpose is to restore him to the condition in which he can love God with all the heart, with all the soul, with all the mind, and with all the strength, and can love his neighbor as himself It is to restore him to obedience to these two first of all the commandments. It is to restore him to perfect and supreme religion. We have seen that such a condition maintained from the beginning would have been the absolute separation of religion and State, because then, there never could have been any State. And now as the one great purpose of Christianity is to restore man completely to that con-dition, it follows with perfect conclusiveness that Chris-tianity in its very essence, from the beginning to the end and everywhere, means the absolute separation of reli-gion and the State. "A FREQUENT recurrence to fundamental principles is absolutely necessary to preserve the blessings of lib-erty."ŠConstitution of North Carolina, Art. 1, Sec. 29. Christianity and the State, in Greece. A CORRESPONDENT Of the New York Herald, who is reporting the proceedings in the war between Turkey and Greece, relates that at a village named Koniskos, a large body of Greek enthusiasts who were on the point of mak-ing an advance into Macedonian territory, observed a "solemn" service, in which they all partook of the sacra-ment and registered the oath "Liberty or death." Upon their caps was the motto "In this [sign] victory," in evi-dent allusion to the famous motto of Constantine, de-rived from his alleged vision of the cross in the sky, upon one of his expeditions of conquest. To the Greeks all this was a matter of the utmost seriousness. They had not a doubt but that they were engaged in the performance of the duties and ordinances of Christianity. That this is so is still further apparent from the proc-lamation which they issued, as follows:Š "Brothers and soldiers of Christ and liberty ! We hoist the flag of liberty for the Greek countries. Under its shadow let us unite, having as a watchword, 'Liberty or death!' The justice of our cause is recognized by all free people. Blest by God, let us push onward. Brother Greeks, God is with us?" They pushed forward,Šnot to victory, but to defeat, at the hands of the unchristian Turks. The "soldiers of Christ" were routed by the forces of the Sultan ! Anti-christ proved stronger than Christianity! To us, the error of all this is plainly apparent; but in it the Greeks are only illustrating the logical results of the doctrine that religiOn and the State can properly be united. The Greeks are fighting the battles of their State, but not the battles of Christianity; yet if Chris-tianity and the State can be united, the cause of one 