AMERICAN SENTINEL. 185 day. When the time arrived a great crowd of people as-sembled in response to the king's request, and we can well imagine there was great excitement and a general big time." "What did they do at such a dedication as that, grandpa?" "Well, I was just going to tell you that the program included a great deal of instrumental music upon many kinds of instruments,Ša great orchestra we would call it. And a decree went forth that when the people should hear the sounds of instrumental music peal forth, they must all fall down and worship the golden image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up. It was also pro-claimed, `Whoso falleth not down and worshipeth the golden image, shall the same hour be cast into the burn-ing fiery furnace:"' "What did they say that for, grandpa?" said Harry. "I should think that would have spoiled all the pleasure of the celebration." "Well, yes, one would think so; but sometimes the heart is so hard and selfish that it takes delight even in murder, as was the case in this instance." "Why, was any one really killed, grandpa?" said Fred. "There were only three in all that vast throng who refused to obey the command of the king. These wor-shipped the true God, and knew it would be wicked for them to pay any homage to idols; and God miraculously delivered them." "What good did the king hope to accomplish by try-ing to compel people to worship the golden image when they did not believe in idolatry of any sort?" "Well, Harry, it is the same principle as is seen in all our religious laws of the present day. Many people be-lieve that everybody should be compelled to keep Sun-day, whether they think so or not." Ł "The true God does not compel any one to worship him, does he, grandpa?" "No, Harry, simply because forced service is worse than no service at all, in that it makes of one a hypo-crite." Here grandpa removed the lid from the box on his knee, and holding up to view some ripe fruit, he said, "What is that, Fred?" "A bunch of grapes," said both boys in a breath. "How funny they look," said Harry. "Why," said Fred, "they are growing on the limb of a thornbush." "0-ho," said Harry, "they are tied on!" "Yes," said grandpa; "that is just the pointŠthey are tied on. That aptly represents the evil results of all decrees compelling religious observance of any kind. If one is religious merely in outward acts, while true heart service is wanting, he is simply tying the fruit on, Špretending to be what he is not. And if one ob-serves a command which in his heart he knows is not right, he is doing great injustice to his loving Father in heaven. "I'd never want any religious fruit tied onto me," said Fred. "Nor 1," said Harry. "No," said grandpa. "Nobody ever ought to dis-play religious fruit in that manner. But there goes nine o'clock; so good night and pleasant dreams. Perhaps I may have another story for you the next time you get your lessons so promptly." MRS. M. A. LOPER. ATTENTION To the laws of health is a most important duty. "Guide for Nut Cookery" will tell you how to prepare over 600 healthful and palatable dishes without the aid of animal fats. Can be successfully made in any ordinary kitchen. A boon to every person troubled with stomach disorders. Handsomely illuminated oilcloth covers, $1.00, postpaid. Place your order at once. Books will be ready for delivery about Jan. 5, 1899. Joseph Lambert & Co., Battle Creek, Mich. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other Individual. t. Wewill receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty lissoeiation. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, ti Six months, 4t it Three " - $1.00. .50 - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, :New York,  