294 THE AMERICAN SENTINRI_,. NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. Sunday at Racine, Wisconsin. Tun Sunday-closing movement at Racine, Wis-consin, has taken on a new phase. The Law and Order League has been arresting some saloon-keepers for opening their places of business on Sunday. The saloon-keepers have taken it upon themselves to refuse to sell any kind of drink on that day, with a view to creating a sentiment that will compel the authorities to allow the saloons to be opened. It is reported that fabulous sums were offered them for beer and whisky on Sunday, Au-gust 23, all to no effect. Even the drug stores had fallen into line and refused to sell any kind of strong drink. It has stirred the old topers up, and they are threatening that there may be another Haddock tragedy, unless they are allowed their beer on Sunday. The ministers have been getting their lives insured so as to be prepared for anything that may happen to them. If it were to secure prohibition that they were thus risking their lives, it would certainly be com-mendable, and they should have the prayers, sym-, pathy, and help of every philanthropist. But if they die to secure the closing of saloons on Sunday only, what is gained ? Those who are laboring to secure Sunday laws tell us that if all Sunday traffic were stopped just as much business would be done in the other six days of the week as is now done in seven. Why would it not hold just as good in the case of the saloon ? If it be a correct statement that any merchantŠprovided all would close on SundayŠwould get as much trade in the other six days as he does in the whole seven, the conclusion in regard to the saloon would have to be the same. Then closing the saloon on Sunday will not help the temperance cause a particle, and men who are ready to die in such a cause are taking useless risks. Stand on the solid foundation of prohibition seven days in the week, and in carrying this measure into effect take whatever consequences may come. And in such a warfare God will be a greater safeguard than the insurance companies or anything of the kind. A. 0. TAIT. Lorenzo Dow on Natural Rights. UNDER the heading' of "Natural Rights," the Clarion, of Richland, Iowa, has an article in its issue of August 28, which contains some principles that it would be well for those who are working for Sunday laws and kindred religious legislation to study and practice. The Clarion says:Š Lorenzo Dow, in a very plain, quaint way, gives his views on these natural rights, which all of us might profit by carefully considering. In reading the life of this teacher of the better,  way, *e find this: " Moral rights are the personal privileges to think, and judge, and act for one's self in point of moral duty. This is the more plain and clear, as no one is concerned but God, the Judge, and the individual man, as the responsible agent. For what right hath any man to meddle with that which does not concern him ? " Moral duties are the result of moral law, which is the divine prerogative alone; and man hath no right to invade the moral duty of another, for his is the right of the divine, government: No man, therefore, nor set of men, has a right to infringe upbn, or bind, the conscience of another. Man, therefore, a rational creature, must be convinced before he can be converted, in order to act consist-ently as an agent accountable to the supreme Gov-, ernor of .the universe. Consequently, submission of will to a compulsory, power, in matters of relig-ion, in repugnance to the dictates of tender con-science, is nothing but an empty show, a piece of; hypocrisy, without any mixture of moral goodness or genuine virtue. All churches established,by law have been a' curse to mankind and a' pest to society. Law religion will cause people to be hypocrites, but can not cure them of error. " Suppose that one man believes in one God, another believes in ten,; what is that to the first ? It neither picks his pocket nor breaks .his leg, why should he persecute him ? Persecution is contrary  to natural justice, inasmuch as it assumes a power which no mortal can claim, it being the divine right only to judge in such cases. Universal right of conscience is given, by the Author of nature, who is the moral Governor of the human family; and such liberty of conscience ought to be estab-lished in every land. " Intolerance assumes to itself the right of with-holding liberty of conscience; toleration assumes the right of granting it. Both are despotisms in their nature. Toleration places itself not between man and man, nor between church and church, nor between denomination and denomination, but be-tween God and manŠbetween the being who wor-ships and the Being who is worshiped; and by the same act of assumed authority by which it tolerates man to pay his worship, it presumptuously and blasphemously sets itself up to tolerate the Al-mighty to receive it." If these views were held by all professing Chris-tians at the present time, there would be no peti-tions sent to Congress, requesting it to enact laws establishing certain religious institutions. Closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. THE Chautauqua Assembly Herald, of August 18, 1891, devotes its second page to a report of the meeting held in the Amphitheatre, August 10, conducted by Dr. J. M. Buckley, editor of the Christian Advocate, of New York City. This meet-ing was devoted entirely to answering questions which had been written and placed in the " ques-tion drawer." Among others we find the follow- ing:Š Question.ŠSince the churches in Chicago will be insufficient to accommodate the crowds that will be present at the World's Fair, will not the day be less desecrated if the gates of the Exposition be opened on the Sabbath to the public, rather than closed on that day ? Answer.ŠThe person who wrote that question may be as good a Christian as I am ; but the key-note of that question may be found in the words of a certain person which are recorded in the book of Job, and whose utterances were originally heard in the Garden of Eden. You seem to think that a man, who has not repented, is worse at one time than another. A man who utters an oath in the morning and swears every five minutes during the day, is no worse at sundown than the man who has taken the name of God in vain in the morning, and not once after that during the day, and has not repented of his sin. The man who goes out in the morning looking for a fight and does not find one, is as bad as if he had found one every five minutes during the day. We are opposed to the opening of the gates during the day, because, in that event, the day would be desecrated under the sanction of the Government. But suppose the gates of the Fair should be open on Sunday and nobody should go in on that day ; how, we ask Dr. Buckley, would the day be dese-crated in that event ? And suppose again that the gates were 'closed Sunday, but everybody wanted to go in then; how far from desecrating the day would they come in this case ? Is not the man who goes out Sunday morning looking for an open Fair gate and does not find one, as bad as if he had found one open every five minutes during the day So how much b'etter are the people going to be if the Fair is dosed on Sunday ? Inconsistency of National Reform. Tun inconsistency of the National Reform theory is well summarized in the following pungent para-graphs from the New York Independent, of Jan- uary, 1875:Š This,  being a Christian Nation, we have a right to acknowledge God in the Constitution; because, as things are now, this is not a Christian Nation, and needs such recognition to make it one. This having always been a Christian Nation, we have a right to, keep it such; and therefore we need this amendment, 'since hitherto, without it, we have only been &heathen Nation. In other words, we need to make this a Christian Nation, because We are already such, on the ground that if we do not make it such, we are not a Chris-, tian Nation. Because the people are substantially all Chris-tians, we have aright, and have need, to make the Constigntion Christian, to check our powerful ele-nient of unbelievers.. We mean to. interfere with no man's rights, but only to get certain rights, now belonging to all, restricted to Christians. This religious amendment is to have no practi, al effect, its object being to check infidelity. It is to interfere with no man's rights, but only to make the unbeliever concede to Christians the right to rule in their interest, and to give up like claims for himself. It is meant to have no practical effect, and there-fore will be of great use to us. We want to recognize God, and Christianity as our national duty to Deity, but intend to give no effect to such recognition, pleasing God by judi-cially voting ourselves pious, and doing nothing more. We shall leave all religions in equality before the law, and make Christianity the adopted religion of the Nation. Christianity, being justice, requires us to put down infidelity by taking advantage of our num-bers to secure rights which we do not allow to others. Justice to Christians is one thing, and to infidels another. We being a Christian people, the Jewish and un-believing portion of our people are not, of right, part of the people. And so, having no rights which we, as Christians, are bound to respect, we must adopt this amend-ment to our interest. Passing this act will not make any to be Chris-tians who are not Christians; but it is needed to make this a more Christian Nation. The people are not to be made more Christian by it; but, since the Nation can not be Christian unless the people are, it is meant to make the Nation Christian without affecting the people. That is, the object of this amendment is to make the Nation Christian without making the people Christians. By putting God in the Constitution, he will be recognized by nobody else than those who already recognize him; and therefore we need this amend-ment for a fuller recognition of Him. If we say we believe in God and Christ in the Constitution, it is true of those believing in him and a lie as to the rest; and as the first class already recognize him, we want this amendment as a rec-ognition by the latter class, so that our whole peo-ple shall recognize him. Whether we have an acknowledgment of God in the Constitution or not, we are a Christian Nation; and, therefore, it is this recognition of God that is to make us a Christian Nation. Ł s.Ł  AN officer of the American Sabbath Union, re-cently stated before a Chicago audience that, "It would be better, a thousand times better, for us to have the Puritan Sabbath again, with all its rigor, than the continental Sabbath." The continental Sabbath is a day in which those who so desire, attend church, and those who pre-fer worldly pleasures (and this class is usually in the majority), spend the day accordingly. The Puritan Sabbath " with all its rigor " com-pelled attendance at church, fines and imprison-ment being the penalty for disobedience. The American Sabbath Union, if correctly repre-sented by this officer, " would prefer, a thousand times " that men should be forced to attend church by threatened fines and imprisonment than per-mit them to spend the day in pleasure seeking. Ł THE rights of a single individual are just as sa-cred, and should be just as carefully guarded as the rights of a multitude. The State properly pro-, tects from interruption religious meetings upon every day ; and it very properly does the same for other. meetings. Such laws are right, they apply to all people and to all days, but laws setting apart certain days for religious purposes and stopping on those days all the ordinary avocations of life, are, opposed to the spirit of our institutions, andto the spirit of true Christianity; and should be opposed alike by the patriot and by the Christian. Ł  THE Radical, of Janesville,. Wisconsin, has this to say of the King case:Š An Ameridan Citizen, named R. M. King, was arrested recently in Obion County,. Tennessee, for the horrible crime of plowing quietly on Sunday, after having worshiped God on Saturday. Tennes-see has a Sunday law, and in Aliat 'State a man has no right to worship God according the dictates of his own conscience, which right the Constitution of the United States gnarantees to every Ole. This is union of Church and State, and we hope to see Tennessee beaten in the game. ,— 