80 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORE, FEBRUARY 3, 1898. IT is expected that a hearing will soon be given upon the Sunday bill now before the Albany legislature. THE California Association of cycl-ing clubs has been "outlawed" bythe League of American Wheelmen be-cause the former sanctioned Sunday racing; but the League has, it seems, signally failed in an effort to get its course in this matter sustained by the International Cyclists' Union. LOUD protests from printing con-cerns are being made out in Michigan against the. awarding of a State printing contract to the Seventh-day Adventist.establishment at Battle Creek, the latter having made a bid which was below all others received. Many of the objections are based upon religious grounds. WE are not the only persons who dissent from the "flag salute." Read what the New York Journal says (p. 69) of the flag salute in the form pro-posed for the schools in this State, which is not nearly as objectionable as that form which calls for a profes-sion of allegiance to God. IN reply to a Christian Endeavor petition from Hackensack, N. J., to Washington, asking the government to discontinue Sunday delivery of mail at that place, the postmaster-general has replied that "the running of mails is for the benefit of the ma-jority of the people," and that the Sunday delivery "will stand." A COMMITTEE of clergymen of.  Omaha and vicinity, appointed for the purpose of persuading the direc-tors of the "Trans-Mississippi Expo-sition" to, close the exposition on Sunday, were recently refused a hear-ing on the subject by the Board of Directors. Of course the, clergymen will not let the matter drop thus easily, and a determined fight may be expected over it between this and  the time for inaugurating the expo-sition. CONCERNING the difficulty raised by the "flag-  salute" in Colorado, the latest information is that State Su-perintendent Patton "has sent orders to the school board in Boulder to settle, if possible, the difficulty over the salute to the flag which exists be-tween it and the Seventh-day Advent-ists. She considers the salute of not enough importance to antagonize a whole sect, and therefore suggests that the school board do away 'with the salute if peace cannot be restored by any other means. At Victor, where the same state of affairs exists, the board will probably be given the same directions." The Ministers Were Honest. UNDER date of January 23, Mr. W. H. Falconer, aniobserver of the sev-enth-day, writes us the following:Š "The ministers held a Sunday-law meeting in Winnepeg recently, and some of our brethren attended. In the discussior. which came up Brother Ritchie exposed:the animus of Sunday legislation, with the result that some of the ministers admitted it would be persecution to us, and that they would also oppose it if they were in our place. The result was that the chairman was very much perturbed, and resigned his place and left the meeting, which then turned into a union prayer meeting. So that meet-ing was a fizzle. But they have had a secret meeting since." Of course it means persecution. Why not be honest about it, as these ministers were? JUDGE GAYNOR, of Brooklyn, in dis-missing, recently, the cases of a num-ber of boys brought before him for playing ball on Sunday, observed that a game of ball was better for the boys than the temptations and al-lurements which they would be, likely to meet in Sunday idleness. It is cer-tainly reasonable to suppose that a judge on the bench is as well qualified to speak on this point as is any one of the class who are calling for Sun- day laws. Do you know what to do with that child 'to make of him what he ()tight to be? "What child?"ŠWhy, your own child, that you now have the responsibility of J  bringing up ; that one that you are building such hopes upon, or 'whose wayward ten-dencies you are viewing with anxious forebodings. Perhaps you think that you know, but in any case, it is well to get all, the information that will be of value on so important a sub-ject. So we want to say to you that a most valuable book on the subject on child training has been recently published by-  Mrs. S. M. I. Henry, who is widely known in connection with the work of the W. C. T. U. Mrs. Henry writes from experience, both as a mother and as National Evan-gelist of the W. C. T. U., in which cap-acity she has had wide opportunity for observation and information on the subject of which she treats. The title of the book is "Studies in Home and Child Life;" 250 pages; twenty-four chapters. Published by Good Health Publishing Co., Battle Creek, Mich. Price, $1. THERE are a great many papers published in this country especially for the young people, but we know of only one such that aims both to en-tertain the young and also to incul-cate the principles of Christianity, combining moral instruction with that pertaining to things secular, as is necessary to the ideal education. And that paper is the Youth's In-structor, published by the Review and Herald Co., Battle Creek, Mich. It is an illustrated weekly magazine of twenty or more pages, which ap-pears for the year 1898 in new dress, and with other changes and improve-ments which add greatly to its value, but not at all to its cost, which is $1 per year. Send for a sample copy and judge for yourself. THE two illustrations which appear in this issue were drawn expressly for the AMERICAN SENTINEL. They are the first of many original illustra-tions which we' design to present in the SENTINEL during 1898. 