"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, AUGUST 17, 1899. NUMBER 32. A SUNDAY law would have stopped creation itself on attack it under the State's authority at every oppor- the very first day. tunity. .St THE Christian faith needs no defense from the power ANTIQUITY is not always a point in favor of the thing of human law. The best possible wayto defend the faith which it invests. A thing subject to decay, becomes is to let the altogether unfit for human use by the faith defend lapse of time. And as every human in- you. stitution is subject to a more or less speedy dissolution, it must needs be a A LAMB and mistake to attempt to perpetuate such a wolfŠrelig- an institution because it has grown ious liberty and hoary with age. An old error has ac- religious le is cumulated evil about itself until it has lation Šcannot become much worse than when it was be kept alive in the same en-closure. THE public peace in a corn munity can be more disturbed by the enforce-ment of Sunday statutes in a single day, than it is by the quiet pursuit of bus-iness callings on Sunday in a whole generation. IT is the wolf that accuses the lamb of soiling the stream at which they drink; it is the outlaw that most loudly cries, "stop, thief !" It is the unjust statute that poses most conspicuously as the bulwark of right and liberty. THE State cannot safeguard relig-ions freedom and uphold a religious new. TwEsD-are views taken at the late trial of Elder R. S. Owen, Seventh-day Adventist, for doing Sunday work, at Amory, Miss. The trial was held under some oaks beside the court house, and Elder Owen is shown addressing the jury, making his defense from the testimony of the Scriptures. "As the hea-vens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts." So says the Lord in Isa. 55:9. The law of the Lord reaches and covers the secret thoughts and motives of the heart; it is infinitely broad-er and higher than the law of man. It is dogma at the same time. For a religious dogma that plain, therefore, that a human law upholding the law of desires the support of the State, is always the implaca- God represents an inverted pyramid, and therefore that ble enemy of any opposing religious doctrine, and will the idea which it embodies is altogether wrong. 