390 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The mayor of Columbus is asked to dismiss from his cabinet a prominent official because of the offense of not showing the deference to Sunday which the church peo-ple demand. This is a plain effort to obliterate the distinction maintained in American principles of govern-ment between church and state. In this matter the church people have assumed the right to dictate how the mayor shall manage the affairs of his civil office. The mayor must remove an official from his cabinet unless he will do as they say. If they have the right to dictate in one matter they have the right to dictate in all, and so to run the city government to suit themselves. And that would be the state con-trolled by the church, which is church and state union in a malignant form. The pastors' unions, the Epworth League, and simi-lar organizations are supposed to exist for the purpose of extending the kingdom of God; and they may well devote all their time and energies to this great work. There is no lack of such work for them to do. The spiritual fields are white for the harvest, and the great call from the Master is for laborers to do the work of reaping. But here are those who profess to be laborers, who are giving their time to another work,Šone which does not relate to the kingdom of God, but to politics. The kingdom of God cannot be advanced by the civil power. The mayor of a city, or the director of public safety, as such, can do nothing to promote it. Why? Because "the kingdom of God is within you"Šin the heart and the conscience, which the civil power cannot reach. The kingdom of God can be extended only by changing the desires of the heart, in the unconverted. It can be extended only as men are led to exercise faith in Jesus Christ as a Saviour from sin. The demand of these church people in this matter is both unamerican and anti-Christian; and as such, the mayor of Columbus is bound to give it an emphatic negative. The Loyalty of Patriotism. BY B. W. MARSH. PATRIOTISM and Loyalty are inseperable terms. They are bound to Truth with chains of love that earthly power or dogma cannot break. Every precious truth that serves to gladden the life of the Christian has been perverted and made to serve some hellish purpose of Satan. And for this reason the things which appear are not the things that really are. The action and not the speech is the mighty factor that tells the most for patriotism and loyalty. Civil organization can offer but one explanation for its exist-ence. Selfishness, the basis upon which all sin rests, de-mands civil organization, that a name might be at-tached to the works of men. The very first effort in this ine was thwarted by the Lord, and Babylon was the  result. Gen. 11:1-9. Therefore when we solve the mys-tery of selfishness, which is the mystery of ihiquity, we have solved the problem of civil government, and can clearly see that everlasting separation must be main-tained between such and the representatives of the king-dom of heaven. Civil government exists because wrong exists; it is bad because the people are badŠthe basest men often predominating in its management. Their conception of justice never rises higher than their idea of self-gov-ernment, and as the trend of human nature is down-ward, it is easy to understand the constant degeneracy of civil government. As nations depart from the princi-ples of true patriotism and loyalty, their conception of truth grows less dintinct, until the necessity of right doing fades from their minds altogether, and they fall beneath the weight of their own iniquity. In the days of our Saviour, Rome had so far departed from all principle of right-doing that the governor of Judea asked the Lord the question, "What is Truth?" and yet in the face of this there was no desire on his part to persecute the Saviour, other than to please the ones who were demanding his life. In this the natural weakness of civil power is plainly manifested; and awful will be the condemnation of a stronger power that dares extend the perverted condi-tions with which the weaker power contends. When Jesus was brought before Pilate the last time his desire was to release Him, and he questioned Him closely,Š"Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee?" To which question Christ made this significant reply: "Thou couldst have no power at all against me except it were given thee from above; therefore he that delivered me unto thee bath the greater sin." The Bible student can clearly see the contrast be-tween the two forces arrayed against the Lord in this trial. The State made no demand for the life of the Lord; but it did reluctantly concede the demands of an apostate church. Liberated from the demands of a cor-rupt and apostatizing church, the State has seldom been found interfering with the Christian liberty God has given to all. But when the virgin of Christ prostitutes her-self at the gateway of nations, and through fraud and deceit entraps unwary and weaker victims she throws about them the arms of her insatiable power; and then the loyal feel the pointed thrusts of her bigoted intoler-ance and cruel hate. Well may nations beware. "A foolish woman (church) is clamorous; she is simple, and knoweth nothing. For site sittith at the door of her house, on a seat in the high places of the city. To call passengers who go right on their ways: whoso is simple let him turn in hither; and as for him that wanteth understanding, she saith to him, Stolen waters are sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant. But he knoweth not that the dead are there, and that her guests are in the depths of hell." "Mystery, Babylon 