260 THE AMERICAN SENTINM.. in water, etc. ; third, that every such be-liever in Christ may, in point of liberty, and ought, in point of duty, to improve that talent which the Lord had given him, and in the congregation may ask for in-formation for himself ; or if he can, may speak by way of prophecy, for edification, and upon all occasions, and in all places, as far as the jurisdiction of his Lord ex-tends, may, and ought, to walk as a child of light; and, fourih, "I testify that no such believer or servant of Christ Jesus hath any liberty, much less authority, from his Lord, to smite his fellow-servant, nor with outward force, or arm of flesh, to constrain, or restrain, his conscience, nor his outward man for conscience' sake, or worship of his God, where injury is not offered to any person, name, or estate of others, every man being such as shall ap-pear before the judgment-seat of Christ, and must give an account of himself be-fore God; and, therefore, ought to be fully persuaded in his own mind for what he undertakes, because he that doubteth is damned if he eat, and so also if he act, because he doeth not eat or act in faith, and what is not of faith is sin." There was at first some talk, or rather a bluff,. that Cotton would debate with him; but after consulting together, Cotton 'de-clined, and as Elder Clarke's fine had been paid by his friends, he was released, and ordered to go out of the Colony as soon as possible. They all three refused to pay the fine that was imposed. Crandall was admitted to bail, but they resolved to hold Elder Holmes and make him an example. What happened to him he himself tells in a letter to his brethren in London, as fol-lows :Š I desired to speak a few words: but Mr. Nowel answered, " It is not now a time to speak," where-upon I took leave and said, " Men, brethren, fathers, and countrymen, I beseech you to give me leave to speak a few words, and the rather because here are many spectators to see me punished, and I am to seal with my blood, if God give strength, that which I hold and practice in reference to the word of God and the testimony of Jesus. That which I have to say, in brief, is this, although I am no disputant, yet seeing I am to seal with my blood what I hold, I am ready to defend by the word, and to dispute that point with any that shall come forth to with-stand it" Mr. Nowel answered, now was no time to dispute; -then said I, "I desire to give an account of the faith and order which I hold," and this I desired three times; but in comes Mr. Flint, and saith to the executioner, " Fellow, do thine office, for this fellow would but make a long speech to delude the people," so I, being resolved to speak, told the people, " That which I am about to suffer for is the word of God, and testimony of Jesus Christ." "No," saith Mr. Nowel, " it is for your error, and going to seduce the people;" to which I replied, " Not for error, for in all the time of my imprisonment, wherein I was left alone, my breth-ren being gone, which of all your ministers came to convince me of my error ? And when, upon the governor's words, a motion was made for a public dispute, and often renewed upon fair terms, and desired by hundreds, what was the reason it was not granted ?" Mr. Nowel told me it was his fault  the people, " Though my flesh should fail, and my spirit should fail, yet God would not fail;" so it pleased the Lord to come in, and to fill my heart and tongue as a vessel full, and with an audible voice I break forth, praying the Lord not to lay this sin to their charge, and telling the people that now I found he did not fail me, and therefore now I should trust him forever who failed me not; for, in truth, as the strokes fell upon me, I had such a spiritual manifestation of God's presence as I never had before, and the outward pain was so removed from me, that I could well bear it, yea, and in a manner felt it not, although it was grievous, as the spectators said, the man striking with all his strength, spitting in his hand three times, with a three corded whip, giving me therewith thirty strokes. When he had loosed me from the post, having joyfulness in my heart, and cheerfulness in my countenance, as the spectators observed, I told the magistrates, " You have struck me with roses ; " and said, moreover, "Although the Lord hath made it easy to me, yet I pray God it may not be laid to your charge." When the whipping was over, two men, John Hazel, and John Spur, went up to the suffering man, and shook hands with him, Hazel not speaking anything at all, and Spur simply saying, " Blessed be the Lord ; " yet both were fined forty shillings, with the choice of paying the fine or being whipped. They both refused to pay the fine, but a friend paid Spur's, and after imprisonment for a week another paid Hazel's. The whiliping of Holmes was thirty lashes with a three-thonged whip of knotted cord, wielded with both hands, and was so severe that when taken back to prison, his lacerated body could not bear to touch the bed. For many days he was compelled to rest propped up on his hands and knees. The Sinai-Columbian Christian Sab- bath. SOME months ago, when the issue of Sun-day closing was more in doubt than now, so long ago as December 5, 1891, the Michigan Christian Advocate had this to say in reference to the national duty of Sunday observance :Š We learn that when this same good Being had finished his works of creation, " he rested from all his works which he had made." " And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it, because that in it he had rested from all his work which he had created and made." From that day to this the children of men in all Christian nations have observed and kept a Chris-tian Sabbath in recognition of the hand of a great and good Creator. And now, strange as it may appear, the sickening spectacle presents itself in this most enlightened Christian Nation on earth of a discussion upon the propriety of closing the Co-lumbian Exposition on the Sabbath. Was there ever a more ludicrous, ridiculous proposition enter-tained by a pretended Christian people ? Well, scarcely. And there are several reasons why this proposition is not only ludicrous and ridiculous, but disingenuous also. In the first place it is absolutely false that " from that day [the seventh of creation] to this the children of Ten in all Christian nations have observed and kept a Christian Sabbath." First, because there has never been a " Christian nation "; sec-ond, because there has never been a " Chris-tian Sabbath." Adam was not the father of a Christian nation ; nor did Moses lead out a Christian nation from Egypt to Sinai. Yet the Bible gives no command or au-thority for any Sabbath except to Adam and in the Decalogue. Hence the only Sabbath which God ever blessed and sanc-tified was not the "Christian Sabbath" of a " Christian nation," but the " holy Sab-bath of the Lord thy God." The only institution which can properly claim the name " Christian " must have been established by the teachings of Christ, and :the warrant for it found in the New Testament. This can not be said of Sun- day observance. No text can be given as authority or command for it. It is not sufficient to say that it was taught by " the church." So is the mass, the wor-ship of images, and auricular, confession, all of which the Advocate presumably protests against. But the same " holy church" is the only authority for Sunday sacredness and obligation. The true Sab-bath is neither "Jewish" nor " Chris-tian," since it is peculiar to neither dis-pensation, but was made for manŠnot by any civil law or ecclesiastical synod, but established by the omnipotent Creator; and his one law has never been abrogated or modified. No, we agree that there was never a more ludicrous, ridiculous, hypocritical, or blasphemous proposition than that which volunteers to assist the Almighty in the government of the universe by civil legislation intended to compel all men to submit to religious opinions and practice not taught in the Bible. None but " a pretended Christian people " ever venture to attempt it. But the Advocate of this unholy proposition continues :Š And now we propose to have a grand celebration, appropriate millions of money for that purpose, invite the world to a grand banquet to commemo-rate one of the grandest events in the world's his-tory, and in so doing make ourselves conspicuous by desecrating the Sabbath and setting at defiance the commands of God. And for what ? and to please and accommodate whom ? The moral and religious, law-abiding element of the Nation, or the saloon, law-breaking and bummer element, the curse of this as well as all other countries sub-ject to its dictation or control ? The Advocate evidently supposed there was only one way of taking the alterna-tive in its last question. As a matter of actual factŠwhether it pleased the Advo-.cate or notŠthe recent action of Congress in reference to Sunday closing does please " the saloon, law-breaking and bummer element " since it has practically yielded this " subject to its dictation and con-trol ;" and consequently, this action does and must displease the really " moral and religious, law-abiding element of the Na-tion." Perhaps the blind zeal of the Ad-vocate did not foresee this result; but it ought to have done so. In the last num-ber of THE SENTINEL a quotation from the Washington Post states thatŠ The brewers and saloon men are delighted at the action of Congress in requiring the Exposition to be closed on Sunday, and if necessary they would raise a big amount of cash to have that pernicious piece of legislation enacted. They know that the hordes of people, if debarred from the inspection of exhibits, would seek solace and amusement in the bar-roomsŠwhich will not be closed on Sun-daysŠand augment the revenues of the proprietors by many thousands of dollars. The sporting fra-ternity, also, advocates the proposition from the same spirit of self-interest that actuates the whisky men. So there are Chicago advocates that do not even pretend to Christian motives, as well as the Michigan Christian' Advocate, all harmoniously working for what can only result in degrading the name of our American civilization and moralityŠsay-ing nothing of the Christian religion; because genuine Christianity is so chary of the world and its wickedness that it is never betrayed into consorting with vice and iniquity. And yet this course has been deliberate. The Advocate thus states its determina-tion :Š Let there be united action of the better element of the country. Say to the Congress about to con-vene, You settle this question by an appropriate resolution at once, or you will never represent an intelligent Christian people again; you will never again appropriate our money to desecrate the Sab-bath with. Say to the Christian churches, Take who went away and would not dispute ; but this the writings will not clear at large. Still Mr. Flint calls to the man to do his office; so before, and in the time of his pulling off my clothes, I continued speaking, telling them that I had so learned that for all Boston I would not give my body into their hands thus to be bruised upon another account, yet upon this I would not give an hundredth part of a wampum peague to free it out of their hands; and that I made as much conscience of unbuttoning one button, as I did of paying the thirty pounds in reference thereunto. I told them, moreover, that the Lord having manifested his love towards me, in giving me repentance towards God, and faith in Christ, and so to be baptized in water by a mes-senger of Jesus, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, wherein I have fellowship with him in his death, burial, and resurrection, I am now come to be baptized in afflictions by your hands, that so I may have further fellowship with my Lord, and am not ashamed of his sufferings, for by his stripes am I healed. And as the man began to lay the strokes upon my back, I said to 