JUNE 15, 1803. A-Mr1YaitCAN '11-11-Nn1L., 187 It must then be superior to the Constitu-tion, and human judges must administer the divine law, and decree punishment for its infraction ! As before stated, the Church and the State must both be gov-erned by the same law; in the Church it must be known as ecclesiastical law, in the State as civil law; but it is the same law. This is simply what was done in the Dark Ages; and the evils of a union of Church and State are inseparable from such a system, whether it be called a union of Church and State, or only a union of religion and the State. But call it what you will we have it in the United States to-day, and time alone is required to develop it, so that it shall be seen as clearly as we now see it in the history of Rome. C. P. B. Chicago Correspondence. The United States vs. the World's Fair. THE second open Sunday of the World's Fair has passed. The attendance on both days has been large, although the people did not come in such great numbers as was expected. The quietness and good order of the crowds, which were double or treble the ordinary week-day attendance, was very marked. No drunkenness or disorder of any kind occurred on either Sunday, and it was evident that all who came were there with the earnest purpose to see and to learn and gain the most profit possible from the exhibition. The second open Sunday was upheld by a peculiar series of legal events. First, the World's Fair Directory determined, two weeks previous, that in view of the failure of the Government to keep its con-tract in the matter of the souvenir coins, it had freed the Fair management from its obligation to close Sundays, and passed resolutions abrogating the Sunday-closing regulation; second, this resolution to open on Sundays, the World's Fair Commis-sioners failed to modify,Šit therefore stood, authoritative, according to the ac-tion of the Board of 'Directors; third, in the case brought by Ex-Congressman Ma-son in behalf of a stock-holder of the World's Fair, to restrain the World's Fair Directors from closing the park, in which the Fair is situated, to the people on Sun-day, a temporary injunction was granted and the final hearing set for ten days; fourth, in the meantime the United States brought its action in the United States Court to enjoin the World's "Fair author-ities from opening the Fair on Sunday, and this case received a three days' hear-ing, closing on Friday, June 2,Šthe judges reserving their decision/until Thurs-day, June 8. Thus quite a remarkable combination of circumstances supported the directory in holding the Fair open on Sunday, June 4. The bill filed by District Attorney Mil-christ in behalf of the Government for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, is a lengthy document and cites the act of Congress providing " for celebrating the four hundredth anniversary of the dis-covery of America by Christopher Colum-bus by holding an international exhibition of arts, industries, manufactures, and the products of the soil, the mine, and sea, in the city of Chicago, in the State of Illi-nois;" and also the Sunday-closing pro-viso in the Civil Sundry bill, and the ac-tion of the directory and commissioners thereon. The bill pleads farther, that the  directors and commissioners are still bound by this Sunday-closing action and charges a conspiracy wherein the World's Columbian Exposition corporation with others is conspiring and confederating, and are "assuming to be in possession and control of the said Exposition and grounds and have usurped and are attempting to usurp an unlawful authority over the same, and assume to have the right to open and control the said gates and said grounds for the admission of the public thereto on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday, during the continu-ance of the said Exposition, and that by reason of such unlawful claim and author-ity to open said gates and grounds to the public on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday . . . notwith-standing the fact that the said unlawful assumption and the attempt and purpose as aforesaid to open the said grounds and Exposition on Sunday are in direct con-travention of the terms of the said act of Congress." The plea in the bill that the Columbian Exposition corporation and others "are conspiring and confederating together and are assuming to be in posesession and con-trol of the said Exposition and grounds," gives the key-note to the whole contention made by the attorneys for the Govern-ment. Their claim, made in various forms by each of the counsel for the Govern-ment, was in substance that the selection of the site and its approval by the United States Government and its acceptance at the time of dedication combined with the legislation which has been had upon World's Fair matters, in effect, constitu-ted Jackson Park for the purposes of hold-ing the Exposition and for the time dur-ing which such Exposition was held there, a Government reservation. They held that during that time the Government had the same authority over the Exposi-tion and the Exposition grounds which it would have over the navy yards, forts, or any other property distinctively dedicated to Government uses and accepted and oc-cupied by the Government. These aver-ments were not made in such precise lan-guage, but the arguments were based upon just' such a supposed state of facts. The answer on the behalf of the Colum-bian Exposition Company to the bill of District Attorney Milchrist was fully as lengthy and gave also a history of the leg-islation in behalf of the World's Fair by Congress and of the selection of Jackson Park as a place for the holding of the Ex-position, citing in connection therewith, in full the Park Commissioners' ordinance entitled, "An ordinance to allow the use of Jackson Park and the Midway Plai-sance for the purposes of the World's Co-lumbian Exposition." The action of Con-gress in making its several appropriations for the Exposition is then cited, and the condition attached to the souvenir coin appropriation treated as a contract, and the plea made that when the Government failed in the performance of the contract in full on its part, and retained a portion of the souvenir coins, the authorities of the Columbian Exposition were freed from the further fulfillment of the contract on their part. It is denied that there is any law either State or national, forcing the Board of Directors to close the Fair on Sundays, and the entire Federal control over the Exposition and its site and the local corporation, is denied. Mention is made of the restraining order issued from the Superior Court by Judge Stein in ac- cordance with plea that the Columbian Exposition "had by its certain rules and orders excluded the public from admission to said Jackson Park and Midway Plai-sance, in violation of the act of the legisla-ture of the State of Illinois creating said parks, and praying that said defendant be enjoined from prohibiting the use and en-joyment of said park by the plaintiff and other citizens on Sundays or any other day of the week" and that "said case is still pending in said Superior Court, that it has jurisdiction, and that such jurisdic-tion was taken by said court prior to the filing of the complainant's bill herein." The arguments presented by all the different counsel for the Government, hinged entirely upon the plea of supreme jurisdiction of the general Government over the Fair and the entire control of its business operations; the Local Board and the commissioners being agents of the Government doing its will and subject to it. This plea, of course, included also the right to make all rules and regulations deemed desirable including Sunday clos- ing and the duty of the Local Board to submit thereto. To this plea a portion of the argument of attorney Edwin H. Walker was as follows :Š For the first time the Government comes into court and claims complete jurisdiction over the Fair, but the 50.000 stockholders and those who have loaned $5,000,000 to the Exposition will never yield jurisdiction until ordered to do so by a man-date of this court. The claim of jurisdiction is without mandate of law. The directors have never by action or word tried to minimize the Fair as a national concern. We have never "ad-mitted that the Government was to have control of the enterprise. This local corporation, organized to control the Fair by express assent of the Federal Government, is not yielding at this late day. Cer-tain organizations are behind this prosecution who have cried out that the law-breakers should be punished. If the directors, who have endured all their censure, are guilty of the wrongful act, they should be censured by the court of public opinion. While I admit that this is a Christian Nation I claim that I have the privilege to exercise my right to a free conscience without any dictation from any outside agency. Congress did not pass a law closing the Fair Sunday. Congress knew such a law would have been unconstitutional and repug-nant to the principles of the Constitution. There is no provision in the acts of Congress that would empower the representatives of the Government to contract for labor or material, or even pay a gate-keeper to watch the gates, and yet counsel for the other side informs us that the work of the Fair is done under the authority of the United States Gov-ernment. . . . Under the act of 1890, and subsequent acts of Congress there is no intimation that the Govern-ment was to have the control of the Exposition. The petitioners contend that the Government should have the power to declare whether the gates should be open Sunday on account of the morals of the people. A court of equity has control of property and not of morals. The remedy must be sought elsewhere. It will be clear to any one who has fol- lowed the progress of legislation in behalf of this Columbian Exposition, that the position taken by Mr. Walker in opposi-tion to the counsel for the Government, is the true one. The idea of the supreme control of the Government over the Expo-sition, and the agency only, of the Local Directory composing the Illinois corpora-tion, is a second thought and not the orig-inal intent of the act of Congress or the view taken of it by congressmen at the time of the passage of that act. Congress has carefully avoided all financial respon-sibility in the matter of the World's Fair, and would be, if in session now, the last to assume such responsibility and give the Government's guarantee for all financial shortages which may occur. If the United States Government is the principal and the World's Fair Directory its agent, the 