252 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Which is above allŠthe law of GodŠthey were enjoined to observe them, as duties toward their fellow-men, which were covered hy-  the law of their heavenly King. Civil government, thens is ordained of God,_ for the sole purpose of regulating affairs - between man and his fellow-man. This 'is as true of . a heathen as of a Christian powers. as seen from the fact that- Paul made such a statement and ap-plied it to the Roman Government, when it was - intensely,pagan, and even when it was ruled, by Nero. But, admitting this, it does not follow that God ordains' each statute enacted by civil governments, 'or any of 'the 'statutes thus enacted. To say that every- civil magistrate holds office. by divine authority, and has, therefore, aright to rule -in religious things, is stating that which' every one knows is not, and can-not be, trues For, in that case, no man, whoever he may be, would have any alternative but to obey the mandates of the civil authority in divine as well as earthly things, without a question As to whether it was just or not. This would destroy all, necessity for any One but the magistrate to read the Bible, in which is found recorded the will of God. More-over, such a rule would make the magis-trate's conscience the rule for all under his jurisdiction, and would, therefore, de-stroy the relation man is supposed to sustain toward God, by making him, in religious matters, wholly responsible to the magistrate rather than to God. This principle is well illustrated' by the state-ment of Louis XIV., when, on his death-bed lie was approached in relation to his spiritual_ condition. His answer was, " I have left all these matters with the church, and I expect they have attended faithfully to, them." Here was a man who had been taught to depend wholly on the church, as an institution divinely guided, and the consequence was that, in all his wicked career, he never acknowledged any re-spOnsibility except 'to that institution upon which he had been prone to lean.. The sane condition of things; would surely follow with those who were led to believe in the divine appointment of all the mag-istrates of the land. It is well known, however, that the powers of civil authority are always ob-tained and regulated according to the pe-culiar notions of those who happen to be in authority; and the way governmental authority has - usually been obtained, is well stated .by Macaulay, in his essay on " Gladstone on Church and State " A; nation of barbarians pours' down on a rich and unwarlike empire; enslaves the-people, portions out the land, and blends the institutions which it finds in' the-cities with those which- it has brought from 'the woods. A handfnl of daring adventurers from a civilized nation wander to some savage country, and reduce the a,boriginal race to bondage. A successful general turns his arms against- the State which he serves. Asocietyt.made- brutal_ by oppres-sion, rises madly on its, masters, sweeps away all  old laws and usages, and when its first paroxysm of rage is over, sinks down passively under any form of polity which may spring out of the chaos. A chief of a party, as at Florence, becomes imper-ceptibly a Sovereign; and the founder of a dynasty. A captain of mercenaries, as at Milan, seizes on a city, and by the sword makes himself its ruler. An elective senate, as at Venice, usurps permanent and hereditary power. It is in events such as these, that governments have generally originated; and we can see nothing in such events to warrant us in believing that the governments thus Called into existence, will be peculiarly well fitted to distin-guish between religious truth and heresy. Par. 33. Yet' such as these, were among, the " powers that be," and existed in the providence of God; not, however, to regu-late religion among men, but to main-tain order and the proper relations be-tween man and man. To say more than this, would be to assert that God ordained the powers of the East to maintain Mo-hammedanism and Buddhism. Thisnould not be true ; otherwise the gospel commis-sion conferring authority to carry the gospel into all the world, was a mistake, and the labors of foreign missionaries in heathen countries, are all out of order. The truth is, that the language of Paul to the Roman Christians, was designed to state only a general truth, which was ap-plicable to every form of government in order to ensure peace and prosperity to God's creatures everywhere. Order in government may be seen even in the lower grades of creation, We have only to watch a colony of honey-bees for a short time, when it will be seen that they have governmental order, and are con-trolled in all their movements, by some acknowledged head. And those proverbi-ally enterprising, insects known as ants, are said, by naturalists, also to be gov-erned by specific laws which are rigidly carried out in each community of these little creatures. The governmental powers of these, and other orders of the animal creation, were just as much ordained of God, as were human governments; yet it does not follow that their powers of gov-ernment were designed to extend to re- ligious things. J. 0. CORLISS. A Travesty on, Law. Tim. Law and Order League, of 'rondo-quoit, New York, has undertaken: to stop SUnday baseball playing- in that place. On Sunday, July 20, a number of the members of the League accompanied by a justice of the peace, and several consta, bles, appeared upon the grounds where a game was in progress, and ordered the - playing stopped; they had not provided themselves with warrants, however, and were obliged to withdraw. Immediately at the close of the game the players obtained their own arrest, and gave bonds. for their appearance before a justice of their .own choosing. This was not quite so scandalously lu-dicrous a travesty on " law and order "  as that which characterized the breaking up of a Sunday ball game at the Driving Park, near Alexandria, Virginia, some time ago. On that occasion a colored justice was summoned, the case heard immediately, and the players fined two dollars each and costs. After thisŁ was satisfied, the officers attempted to re-arrest on another charge, that of holding a pub-lic exhibition on Sunday; but the manager sprang into his carriage and escaped ; whereupon, angered at this and the loss of possible fees, the deputy sheriff chased the colored' justice off the grounds with a drawn pistol. Such incidents as these are samples of the enforcement of " civil Sabbath " laws under the influence of the Sunday Union. It is impossible to conceive of a more ri-diculous burlesque of either civil justice or true religion. How Came it So? IN Our Day, for July, Rev. W. F. Crafts publishes an article entitled, "Trans-continental Notes on Sabbath Des-ecration," in which he vents his wrath against the Seventh-day Adventists. Mr. Crafts is either making rapid progress in knowledge, or else those Seventh-day Ad-ventists, of whom he makes so much, are a wonderful people. When he first started in his American Sabbath Union work, so far as the record of any of his efforts would show, there were no Seventh-day Adventists in the United States, or else , he did not know of any. Immediately afterward, however, they sprang into existence all over the land, or else he learned something in a little while that he did not know before; for in his Sun-day-law tour across the continent and back, last summer, and in his campaign last winter, the Seventh-day Adventists in about an equal ratio with Seventh-day Bap-tistsŠthese two togetherŠwere denounced everywhere as the strongest opponents of Sunday legislation,Šstronger, indeed, than all other, forms of opposition put together. This season, another bound has been made either by the Seventh-day Adventists or else by Mr. Crafts's intellect,Šit may be, indeed, by both. For now the Seventh-day Adventists, alone, are declared to be out-doing all other forms' of opposition to Sunday laws, put together. He says :Š Everywhere- are seen the footprints of the little but lively denomination of Seventh-day Adventists, who are outdoing,not only the Seventh-day Baptists, but even Hebrews, infidels, and liquor dealers in battling,  against Sunday law, as if it were the worst of vices. They put beautiful tract-holders into depots, filled with their literature, which they also distribute from door to door with a generosity and industry that shame by contrast the meagre gifts and efforts of the friends of the American Sabbath. Now the query with us is, How does all this happen ? Were there no Seventh-day Adventists in the United States in Decem-ber, 1888 ? Or did they immediately after- 