THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 43 " Had General Grant, after taking Richmond, been offered the office of township constable in any locality, he would have repelled the office with disdain. So Christ, being offered the small principality or kingdom of the Jews, refused acceptance; but if he had been offered the king-doms of the whole world, as Grant the presi-dency of the United States, like him, Christ would have accepted." We cannot conceive how a man calling him-self a Christian could use such blasphemous language, except on the ground that he was drunk with the idea of a union of Church and State. The question, " What think ye of Christ ?" is indeed a pertinent one to put to the self-styled National Reformers. And the answer to the question, as drawn from their own statements, would be, " A selfish man of the world; a politician seeking the highest office." In this we do not wish to be understood as im-plying that General Grant was such a man. There is no point of comparison between Gen-eral Grant and Jesus Christ. General Grant was a man; Jesus Christ is the Son of God. General Grant, as a man, acted with manly dig-nity; but if Christ had done .the same thing he would have been man and not God. The party of which the Christian Statesman is the organ, is wont to brand every one who opposes it as an atheist; but the above quotations show that the effect of imbibing National Reform prin-ciples is to give one low views of Christ and his work. We never heard an infidel express senti-ments more derogatory to the character of Christ. Being Christians ourselves and adoring Christ as the divine Mediator between God and man, we oppose the work of the National Re-form Party because it is unchristian in its tend-ency. - To go back to Mr. Gault's assumption that Christ would have attempted to amend the laws of Rome if it bad been a republic. Says he, Its laws were not a reflection of the senti-ments of the people; and it could not be made a Christian nation in the sense in which ours can." No, of course not; there would have been just the difference between an empire and a re-public. The laws of Rome reflected the senti-ments of the emperor, and the people acquiesced in them just the same as the people in a repub-lic do in laws made by their representatives. The emperor was to them a divine being, an object of adoration, and therefore his laws did reflect the sentiments of the people. Therefore if Christ had been such a one as he is described by the Religious Amendmentists, he would have gone to Rome and converted the emperor. The emperor, being converted, would at once have placed "all Christian usages, institutions, and laws", on an undeniable legal basis, and, presto, Rome would have been a " Christian nation." And since " the empire of Rome filled the world," by that act the whole world would have been " Christianized." But, hold; that very thing was done. Not by Christ, however, but a little less than three hundred years after he declared, " My kingdom is not of this world." Constantine the Great is generally known as "the first Christian em-peror." He made laws in favor of Christians, and although he was not baptized till near his  death, he fully identified himself with the pro-fessed Christian party. In his day the whole Roman Empire became " Christianized." At that time there existed just the state of things which the Religious Amendment Party is now striving to bring about. As an evidence of this, and to show how thoroughly "National Re-form" principles were carried out, the church historian, Socrates, tells us that no one was al-lowed to possess any Arian document, under pain of being burned at the stake, together with the prescribed document. And so strictly was this edict of that " Christian" emperor carried out, that not a line of the writings of Arius is in existence. Like causes produce like effects. As the re-sult of the " Christianization" of the State by legal enactments in Constantine's time, bishop-rics were bought and sold just the same as sec-ular offices were then and are now. The rich-est and most influential men secured the office of bishop, and used that office to increase their wealth and influence. Since religion was reg-ulated by the civil law, the emperor was the natural head of the church; and since he also was the dispenser of patronage, men professed Christianity in order to secure office. The em-peror continued to be head of the church until he transferred that dignity to the powerful bishop of Rome, whose assistance he needed in civil matters. Religion was then a matter of policy. And that is just what would happen in this country if religion were upheld by legal enactment. We care not how pure the motives of some of the advocates of the Religious Amendment may be; when the proposed Amend-ment is adopted, the results briefly indicated above will follow just as surely as the night follows the day. And that is the state of things which these men in their blindness imagine that Christ would sanction! And this naturally brings us to another thought that was suggested by the second quo-tation, which says that if Jesus had been offered the kingdoms of the whole world he would have accepted. We call to mind the fact, re-corded in two of the Gospels, that Jesus was once offered " all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them." Did-he accept? Not oven in thought. Why not? Because the con-dition was that he should fall down and worship Satan. That same offer is still held out to the church. Many are becoming dazzled by the sight, and many, led by a selfish zeal which they suppose is zeal for Christ, are eager to ac-cept. But the conditions have never changed, and if at any time before the nations are given to Christ to be dashed in pieces, his professed followers accept, professedly in his name, and for him, the sovereignty of any or all of the kingdoms of this world, it may be set down as a fact that it is because they have accepted the conditions which Christ rejected with holy scorn. If those who are so loudly clamoring for Christ to be recognized as the head of this Government, would study his life and get proper ideas of his exalted character and of the nature of his kingdom, they might truly honor him. As it is, their work tends only to degrade Christianity and to dishonor Christ. Christ not  only did not seek, but he resolutely shunned political alliance, and "he that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked." E. J. W. The Natural Right of Mankind. THE following is a copy of an Act "for estab-lishing religious freedom," which was adopted by the Legislature of Virginia in 1785. It is a masterly presentation of the truth on this sub-ject, and of "the natural right of mankind." It will bear close study just now and onward, for the National Reform Party is set for the infringement of "the rights hereby asserted." The Act was drawn up by Thomas Jefferson, whom the National Reformers entitle, " a Uni-tarian of the liberal school." " Whereas Almighty God bath created the mind free; that all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our relig-ion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercion on either, as was in his almighty power to do; that the impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who, being themselves but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such endeavoring to impose them on others, hath established or maintained false religions over the greatest part of the world, and through all time; that to compel a man to furnish con-tributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves, is sinful and tyrannical; that even the forcing him to sup-port this or that preacher of his own religious persuasion, is depriving him of the comfortable liberty of giving his contributions to the partic-ular pastor whose morals he would make his pattern, and whose powers he feels most per-suasive to righteousness, and is withdrawing from the ministry those temporal rewards which, proceeding from an approbation of their personal conduct, are an additional incitement to earnest and unremitting labors for the in-struction of mankind; that our civil rights have no dependence on our religious opinions, any more than on our opinions in physic and geometry; that therefore the proiscribing any citizen as unworthy of the public confidence, by laying upon him an incapacity of being called to offices of trust and emolument, unless he profess or renounce this or that religious opin-ion, is depriving him injuriously of those privi-leges and advantages to which, in common with his fellow-citizens, he has a natural right; that it tends only to corrupt the principles of that religion it is meant to encourage, by bribing with a monopoly of worldly honors and emol-uments those who will externally profess or conform to it; that though, indeed those are criminal who do not withstand such tempta-tion, yet neither are those innocent who lay the bait in their way; that to suffer the civil magistrate to intrude his powers into the field of opinion, and to restrain the profession or propagation of principles on suspicion of their 