610 AMERICAN SENTINEL. God, yet left perfectly free not to do so if he should choose; and was left perfectly free to choose for himself whether he would or not. He was left as free to choose not to serve God as he was to serve him. This freedom God gave to man, and recognizes in man; and it is this, more than anything else, that enables man to be really a man. Any person,wbo would in any degree infringe this right of man aims a destructive blow at the dignity and the manliness of man, and at the honor and glory of God. Therefore it is to the honor and glory of God, and in the interest of the everlasting dignity and manliness of man, uncompromisingly to oppose every attempt in whatever degree to infringe or to disrespect the right of any person to choose for himself in all things religiousŠto choose for himself as to all religious beliefs, rites, cus-toms, and practices. No State can ever have any shadow of right, by legis-lation or in any other way,to circumscribe the perfect free-dom of every man to choose for himself whether he will re-gard or disregard any religious belief, or rite, or custom, or practice. And every man's right utterly to disregard everything of the kind is as complete as it is to regard it. No church has any shadow of ground for condemning any man or any number of men who disregard every-thing which that church holds sacred. Every person has perfect right to disregard all that any church or all churches together believe or practice. The professed Christian church or individual who condemns or criticises or sets at naught any person for disregarding any reli-gious belief, or rite, or custom, denies the God of Chris-tianity. Loyalty to religious right does not, consist in assert-ing our own right to be religious or not religious at our own unconstrained choice; but in the unswerving recog-nition of the right of the other man to be religious or not religious at his own personal and unconstrained choice. This is so plain that it must be recognized at once by every one. In the garden, God did not assert his own right to be religious for himself and other people too; that matter could take care of itself. But he did estab-lish and recognize the right of the man to believe or not believe him, just as the man himself might freely choose. This he did again, when he stood on the earth as the Redeemer of man, in the divine motto of religious free Ł dom, "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world; but to save the world." This shows, too, that when one who is religious con-demns one who is not religious for not being religious or for not believing what he preaches, he hinders the salva-tion of the one who does not believe. Then, religious friend, will you frustrate the salvation of men who do not believe, by bringing upon them your condemnation through denunciation from the pulpit, or the instrumen-tality of the police, the courts, and fines, and imprison-ments? Will you not rather forever present to all people the winning blessing and grace of salvation, by recog- nizing his divine right not to believe and treating them all with the merciful and gracious consideration which the Lord has shown to the maŁn whom he created? Let every one who professes to believe in religious right show by his conduct that he really believes in it. Let the believing neighbor respect in Christian kindness the unbelieving neighbor. Let the unbelieving neighbor respect in manly dignity the right which his believing neighbor exercises in choosing to believe. Let the 'believing wife respect her unbelieving hus-band, let her respect his exercise'of the right to choose for himself whether he will believe or not. Let the unbe-lieving husband in true manliness regard his believing wife's exercise of the right to choose to believe. Let the believing husband respect the exercise of the right of choice not to believe. And let the unbelieving wife show that sbe believes in religious right, by respect-ing the choice of her husband to be religious just as he chooses. This will show that you do indeed believe in religious right, in religious freedom. But so long as you act any other way than this, your profession of believing religious freedom is,a fraud. Let the precious divine boon of religious freedom never be dimmed by the actions contradicting the words in those who profess to love it ! " Break Every Yoke." BY GEO. B. STARE. IT is not the will of God that any of his creatures, men or angels, should wear any yoke save that of Jesus Christ. All yoke making has been committed to the tender, loving hands of Jesus, the Creator, who, knowing just the ability, disposition,Ł and strength of each one, is able to adjust a yoke to each, of which he can truthfully say, "My yoke is easy, and my burden is light," and which every wearer of this yoke will find by experience is de-lightfully true. God never designed that any of his creatures should be pressed under grievous yokes. But doubt of thegood-ness of God, and distrust of his love, have led men and angels to devise ways of their own, which have brought upon themselves and others heavy burdens, grievous to be borne. Jealousy, envy, hatred, and malice, are the cruel at-tributes that enter into the making of heavy yokes. Has Satan ever deceived you into making yokes for others? Have you arranged good and proper confessions for others to make before you would take them into your fellowship? Have you worked out a course of humility needful for some one's discipline, and done all you could to lead them to see the wisdom of your plans? Has it ever worked? Have you not thus brought distress upon yourself, and only found relief by obeying the injunction 