AMERICAN SENTINEL. 189 "TEE New York State Conference of Religion," is the name of a religio-political organization formed in this State last May, and which is now nearing a condi-tion of readiness to begin its public work by the hold-ing of meetings, etc. .A meeting was to have been held in this city in April next, but for various religious and political reasons the meeting has been postponed until November. We find this notice made of it in The Out-look:Š "The movement is an attempt of men who differ se-riously in their religious philosophy, or theology, to get together for some practical interests wherein they are religiously agreed. It is not a congress or parlia-ment of religions for a comparison of opposing views, but a conference of religion for the combination of reli-giously-planned efforts toward objects for which all truly religious men are concerned. Nine religious de-nominations are represented in the executive commit-tee of the conference, viz., Baptist, Congregational, Episcopal, Methodist, Presbyterian, Reformed, Unita-rian, Universalist, and Israelite; and it is supported and indorsed by such men as Chancellor McCracken, Chancellor Day, President Allen, President Taylor, Dr. Allen of Tarrytown, Dr. Josiah Strong, and others whose names are on the list of the general and executive committees. The committee say:Š "`With a view to the ultimate junction of all reli-gious forces within the State in co-operative efforts for those ends of moral and social betterment in which the religious spirit, whatever its outward forms, is agreed, it aims to bring to a common platform and a common endeavor the earnest-minded of all religious denomina-tions.' TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. " Six months - .50. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Publications at 50 per cent. Discount. THE special attention of those who are interested in the circulation of religious liberty literature, is call. d to the fact that we are offering a discount of 50 per cent., postpaid, on quite a large number of tracts and pamphlets. A list of these publications will be gladly furnished free to all :who asks for it. Spea k quickly if you want any of these. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co.. 39 Bond St., New York City. KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CALIF. IIIPORTED GERI1AN BIBLES. MANY of our German friends prefer the "old coun-try" editions of the Bible to those printed in the United States. We have therefore imported some German Bibles from Hamburg, and we feel sure that those de-scribed below will please our SENTINEL readers who use the language of the Fatherland. These are Luther's translation, and all have references. Price List of German Bibles: No. 60. Black Cloth, sprinkled edges, size 5% x 8g inches, Hamburg print, - $ .75 No. 62. Black Leather, gilt edges, size 5%x 8g inches, Hamburg print, - - - 1.50 No. 64. Arctic Seal, cut divinity circuit, gilt edges, thin paper, 10 pages of helps and 8 maps, size 4%x 63/4x lg, Stutt- gart print, - 2.50 Address house nearest you. Jesus Died for You. This is the title of the new num-ber (No. 63) of the APPLES OF GOLD LIBRARY written by Mrs. Luella L. Harmon . It is a Christ-filled appeal to sin-ners to yield themselves to Him who died for them. It is well ca 1-culated to soften and subdue hearts, and to do good wherever circulated. Price, 50 cents per hundred. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. 