AMERICAN SENTINEL. 249 Ax advocate of Sundaylaws has called our attention to a decision by the Supreme Court rendered in 1885, in which it is affirmed that "Laws setting aside Sunday as a day of rest are upheld, not from any right of the Government to legislate for the promotion of religious observances, but from its right to protect all persons from the physical and moral debasement that comes from uninterrupted labor. Such laws have always been deemed beneficial and merciful laws, especially to the poor and dependent, to the laborers in our factories and workshops, and in the heated rooms of our cities; and their validity has been sustained by the highest courts of the States." * * * However such laws may have been deemed, even by the learned judges of the courts, the testimony of expe-rience clearly disproves the claim that they are "benefi-cial and merciful, especially to the poor." Under such laws poor men have been lined, thrown into jail, worked in the chain gang, and their wives and children left without support. We see nothing beneficial or merciful in such proceedings. * * * There is a difference between a law giving every person the privilege of rest one day in the week, and a Sunday law. Under the former no persecution for reli-gion's sake would be possible; but under the Sunday laws,  persecution has been frequent, under the impulse of plainly-shown religious animosity. The advocates of Sunday laws want Sunday laws and nothing else. They may seek to hide behind the plea of the benefit and mercy of a weekly day of rest, but a mere day of rest is not what they want. The day of rest must be Sunday and no other. Sunday, and not rest, is the es-sential thing in their view. * * * "IS IT really necessaryto nationalpridethat a crime once begun must be carried on to the end? Is there not a time when national prudence and national conscience can draw the nation back to the course of sense and honor?"ŠN. Y. World. There ought to be such a time, but we may search the history of modern nations in vain for an occasion when "national prudence and national conscience" bal-anced the scale against national pride aroused by some real or fancied insult. FRENCH military experts areEreporte4to be con-sidering the feasibility of an invasion ofj:Germany by means of automobiles, of whichjthe Intelligence Depart-ment of the army has recently purchased a great num-ber. * * PROFESSOR HYSLOP, of Columbia College, who has devoted much time and effort of late to "investiga-tions" of spiritualistic phenomena produced by a prominent "medium," has as a result severed his con-nection with Columbia, and presumably will not be heard from again outside the occult domain whither he has entered. When Spiritualism once thoroughly gets hold of a person he is unfitted for anything else. D. M. L. HEFFLEFINGER, of Huntsville, Ala., who served as army surgeon in the Philippines, was wounded near Manila last November, and is now at home, bears this testimony regarding the conditions affecting the health of Americans in those islands:Š "I should like to advise all my old neighbor boys and friends in Texas against enlisting for service in the Philippines, and not to allow the allurements of a com-mission to induce them to enter the service in that country. I do not believe any of our men can endure that climate longer than two years, and feel certain that our entire army now there will have to be returned by that time, or bury the major portion of them there. It is not a white man's country, and Americans can never become successful citizens. This country has a poor, conception of the true status of affairs over there." * * * THE following opinion relative to the question of the jurisdiction of the Constitution over American ter-ritory other than the United States, was furnished by Mr. Magoon, a law officer of the War Department, in response to a request upon that department by resolu-tion of the House of Representatives. The opinion re-lates to the island of Puerto Rico, and after referring to Spain's cession of the island, says:Š "Thereupon the territory conveyed became part of the United States and as such subject to the Constitu-tion. No further action by Congress was necessary or possible. The Constitution does not depend upon Con-gress for authority in any part of the United States. The reverse of the proposition is the fact. From this time on Congress must look to the Constitution for au-thority to legislate for Puerto Rico." * * * A. SHORT time since therewas a pulpit-and-newspaper controversy over the proposition to close Convention Hall in Kansas City, Mo., on Sunday. The hall, we,  understand, was built by public subscription and has been used as a sort of institute for the exhibition of the 