508 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and assistance of every loyal citizen, young people's society and church society in enforcing the law by filing affidavits against any and all who are found doing busi-ness contrary to the spirit of the law on Sunday. "Beginning with Sunday, July 18, the members of our band will make affidavits against any and all persons engaged in the above named businesses whom they may find selling on Sunday. " With malice toward none and charity for all,' we are the "YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN BAND." The membership of the band is said to include four Sunday-school superintendents and five Christian En-deavor presidents. On the Sunday following this pronouncement the stores were open as usual, and members of the band were seen at several places of business collecting evidence for the prosecution of proprietors for Sunday work. This did not tend to make the majority of the citizens feel more pleasantly disposed toward the band. Monday evening, July 26, a meeting of the band was announced at the office of their attorney, in the business section of the city. Several members were present at the appointed hour and were waiting the arrival of the pres-ident, who had gOne to the house of a clergyman to get some resolutions that had been passed on the subject of Sunday enforcement by the Ministerial Association. At this juncture three of the "best citizens" of Muncie, as they are called, entered the place of meeting, for the pur-pose, as alleged, of talking matters over and getting information of the band's intentions. However this may be, a fistic encounter was the result, in which blood flowed freely. While the members of the "Christian Band" were doing their best to avoid defeat in this carnal warfare, the president arrived, bringing the resolutions and a re-volver which he had borrowed from a friend for antici-pated emergencies. The president entered with ardor into the fray, and at once brought his revolver to bear upon the forces of ungodliness, but happily without se-rious results, owing to the fact that his friend had taken the precaution to load it with blank shells. Cries of "murder !" and "help !" issuing from the meeting place quickly called a crowd of several hundred citizens to the scene, with several policemen, by whom the contestants were taken in charge and escorted to the police station. Afterwards those of the "Christian Band" who took part in the encounter swore out warrants against their opponents charging them with assault and battery, upon which charge the latter mnst stand trial in Sep-tember. To such results does the combination of force with re-ligion lead. Having started out to enforce a religious institution upon the people of the town, it was perfectly consistent with this step for these representatives of this "Christian Band" to use fist and revolver in fighting the battles of their cause. It was all simply the use of force. But force is not to be combined with Christianity. Force is an element of carnalwarfare; and the Christian's warfare is not with carnal weapons, but with the "sword" and power of the Spirit, which God has provided for the conquering of all opposition to the cause of righteousness and truth. 2 Cor. 10:3-5. Persecution in New Brunswick. BY G. E. LANGDON. B. R. BLEAKNEY, a member of the Seventh-day Ad-ventist church at Goshen, Albert Co., N. B., was sum-moned recently to appear before Justice Roboson for "plowing on the Lord's day" (Sunday). It was a strange sight to see a criminal(?) going to court with a Bible in his possession with which, to defend himself. For years Mr. Bleakney has been a deacon of the Goshen Baptist church, but last summer he, with his wife, was expelled, as was said, "not because we do not con-sider you Christians, but because you are not in harmony with the church." His arrest is a clear case of persecution. He lives on a back road, and the nearest house in sight of his work AL,  was two and one half miles distant. The informant is a maid about fifty-six years old, who lives two miles from Mr. Bleakney's under a big hill. She has left her home and spent several Sundays spying around so she could be disturbed with his quiet work. When it was learned that she could not induce other magistrates to engage in the inquisitorial business, one willingly volunteered his services. Rather than not pros-ecute the peace-loving Adventists, the case was submitted to him. Not being satisfied with the fines stated in the "Lord's Day Act" of New Brunswick, which fixes the maximum penalty at four days' imprisonment or $8, this justice sought to place the fine under another code, where $40 could be imposed. This code was entirely be-yond his jurisdiction, and the case was withdrawn. After the court was ended the justice(?) stepped up to Mr. Bleakney, who had made no remarks, and said, "You needn't feel too keen, sir, for we have two more cases against you, and we'll show you that you'll have to obey." It is a shame to our country that laws fit for the Dark Ages are on our statute books, to be used against inoffensive, God-fearing people, by every capricious per-son who can skulk through the fields and woods for miles in order to find an old neighbor over sixty years old, seeking to eke out an honest livelihood, and following the perfect Pattern in working six days and resting on the seventh. It will not be out of place in closing to say that the better class of people are not in sympathy with this effort to deprive a man of his civil rights and his "soul liberty!,  Mr. Bleakney found many friends who were not anxious to see a person persecuted for conscience' sake. 