652 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ing the sovereignty of the United States over the Phil-ppines. And, to be consistent, he must not only refuse to offer mediation but must warn the Dutchmen who are preparing to fight for their independence that he will sten to no appeal which may come from them asking the moral support of the American Republic. Bishop Potter on American Colonial Government. AT the Protestant Episcopal Church Congress, in St. Paul, Minn., Bishop Potter, of New York City, deliv-ered an address in which he answered the question, Does national expansion imply imperialism? Some of the salient points of his speech appear in the following quo-tations:Š "Whatever may be improbable, nothing is more en-tirely possible than that a nation which still preserves the forms of democratic government may in time subor-dinate them to methods of its administration which sooner or later will bring the substance of imperialism along with them." "It would seem at least reasonable that the con-quering or purchasing republic should inaugurate its relations to its new possessions by some conference with its dominant peoples. But no. Its first word is 'sub-jection,' its first demand 'surrender,' its first, second, and third conditions are: 'We will recognize nobody; we will treat with nobody; we alone will dictate all the terms. The policy does not work happily." "The new possessions must be rigorously governed. There must be hosts of troops and scores of governors, and the organization of armies and staffs and military courts for nobody knows just how many islands. "How are these governments to be constituted? How is the chief ruler of the distant republic, in whom, as it happens, there is vestedŠat any rate for the time beingŠreally despotic power, to attend to all these mat-ters? "He happens usually, with us, to have a task on handŠthat of securing his own re-electionŠwhich natu-rally absorbs a large share of his time; how can he be expected to neglect it for the care of some wretched islands, mainly peopled, as he is told (though unfortu-nately for him incorrectly), with a lot of ignorant little `niggers?' "Or, rather, if he must give those some sort of atten-tion, how can he Make their conquest and government a means of strengthening himself with his party, and bind-ing new adherents to a 'great and spontaneous move-ment' for his re-election? There are a good many people he knows, whose fidelity to the party is purely a com-mercial question. There are the sugar interest, and the tobacco interest, and the kite-flying interestŠby which I mean every conceivable adventurer who stands ready with his particular scheme in the PhilippinesŠonly wait-ing for the opportunity to exploit it. "And he, and such as heŠfor that is the most serious aspect of our whole situationŠpromulgates the policies of a nation." "The sources from which platforms, candidates and  policies emanate are liable to become more and more controlled by those with whom personal interests are the supreme motives and personal gains the supreme ends. "It is of course conceivable that in the persons of those to whom these distant governments shall be com-mitted we shall find only the highest ideas and only the most incorruptible integrity. But what are the prob-abilities? What is the likelihood that there more than anywhere else the stream will rise higher than the source?" "A cardinal principle of 'government of the people, by the people, for the people,' is that the people shall not be treated like children kept in the dark. A sound public opinion, we say, is the great bulwark of a repub-lic, the foundation stone on which its popularity and prosperity must needs rest. "In this connection the searching of the mailsŠthe proscription of certain publications and the stifling of correspondenceŠis one of the most intolerable outrages which a free people has ever suffered; and it is signifi-cant, most of all, of the development of a tendency which foreshadows that, whether or not we are likely to have imperialism in our distant possessions in form, we al-ready have it at home in fact. "It is time that, confronted with such possibilities in connection with our new possessions, we ask, Is it worth while? For, at this point, it needs no gift of prophecy, but only a very moderate knowledge of his-tory, to reveal to us the dangers that threaten us. There lies behind us in its pages the story of a great republic which, by its ever expanding conquests, was lifted into the throne of the sovereignty of the civilized world only to find that the tributaries that had made it great were destined, ere long, to be the instrument of its ruin. "Now then, the thing that destroyed Rome was the loss of her homogeneity. Our strength to-day consists in the triumph of those great civic ideals which are the property alone of Anglo-Saxon civilization. But if we persist in diluting that civilization too largely, the result needs no prophet to forecast. "We may have territorial expansion and material prosperity, and for a time, it may be, we shall have that possession which, in the mere dream of it, has begun to inflame our people with a strange inebrietyŠI mean, world-wide supremacyŠbut in the winning of it we shall have lost every distinguishing characteristic of a free and self governing people. "Is it worth while?" "A PROMINENT religious journal," says a religious exchange, "finds fault with the Speaker's Commentary for the following note found in it:Š " 'Untruth has been held by all moralists to be justi-fiable towards a public enemy. Where we have a right to kill, much more have we a right to deceive by strata-gem.' "Why not? If man may set aside the sixth com-mandment, may he not also ignore the eighth? As a matter of fact, it would be absolutely impossible for any 