26 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. title of the bill distinctly says that it is a bill to prevent persons from being forced to labor on Sunday. The title of the bill and the body of the bill do not agree. And as the body of the bill expresses the intention of those who want it passed, and as the title of the bill does not agree with the body of it, it is thereby proved that the title is intentionally misleading. 'It is put there as it is, to cover up the real pur-pose of the bill itself. We repeat, there is nobody in the District of Columbia that is forced to labor on Sunday. If anybody works there on Sunday it is voluntarily that they do it, and if it is not for them-selves but for others that they do-the work they are not even asked to do it without pay, much less are they forced to do it. This is perfectly known by those who have asked that this bill be introduced. They know that anybody in the District of Columbia or anywhere else is at perfect liberty to refuSe to work on Sunday. And they likewise know that such persons are in no danger of losing anything by refus-ling to work on Sunday. Mr. Crafts is one of the principal advocates of this measure and yet he has printed, for years, in his book, "The Sabbath for Man," page 428, these words:Š Among other printed questions to which I have collected numerous answers, was this one: " Do you know of any instance where a Christian's refusing to do Sunday work, or Sunday trading has resulted in his financial ruin?" Of the two hundred answers from persons representing all trades and professions, not one is affirmative. [And the italics are his own.] A western editor thinks that a Christian whose re-fusal to do Sunday work has resulted in his financial .ruin, would be as great a curiosity as "the missing link." There are instances in which men have lost places by refusing to do Sunday work, but they have usually found other places as good or better.ŠWith some there has been "temporary self-sacrifice but ultimate betterment." . . . I never knew a case, nor can I find one in any quarter of the globe, where even beggary, much less starvation, has resulted from courageous and conscientious fidelity to the Sabbath. Even in ŁIndia, where most of the business community is heathen, missionaries testify that Loyalty to the Sabbath in the end brings 'no worldly toss. On the other hand, incidents have come to me by the score, of those who have gained, even in their worEdly prosperity, by daring to do right in the matter of Sunday work. Following this extract, Mr. Crafts fills six pages of his book with instances sus-taining the statements which we have quoted. Therefore, in the face of their own testimony that no financial loss fol-lows a refusal to do Sunday work, the plea that men are forced to work on Sun-day, is a fraud; and to pretend that men are se oppressed by being forced to work on Sunday that they must needs be re-lieved by the national power, is a wicked imposture. This evidence from the chief-est advocate of Sunday laws is further proof that the title of the Breckinridge Bill is intentionally disingenuous. This bill, also, as Senator Blair's, for-bids any person or corporation to perform any secular labor or business on Sunday. A.S the SENTINEL 'is constantly going, to  thousands of new readers, we reprint here our comments upon this,clause in the Blair Bill. ' Secular. means, "pertaining to this pres-ent world, or to things not spiritual: or'  holy; relating. to things not iraraediafely or primarily respeating the soul v but the; body; worldly." Therefore this ;bill pro-poses to prohibit all persong within the" jurisdiction of the United States from per-forming or authorizing to be performed on, Sunday any work, labor, or business pertaining to this present world or to things not spiritual or holy. It proposes to, prohibit them from performing any Work,- labor, or business relating immedi-ately or primarily to ',the body, (works of necessity, mercy, and humanity ex-cepted) ; to prohibit them from doing 'any-thing worldly, that is, pertaining to this world or to this life. Consequently, the 'only kind of works that can properly be done on Sunday under that 'bill are works that pertain to another world, works that pertain to things spiritual or holy, works respecting the soul, and the life to come. Now we should like for some of these Sunday-law folks to tell us how the Con-gress of the United States is going to find out, so as authoritatively to state, ' what work, labor, or 'business it is that properly pertains to another world, on Sunday or at any other time. More than this, we should like for them to tell us how Congress is to find out whether there is any other world than this, and espe-cially how it is to find this out and make it to be so clearly discerned that the rec-ognition of it can be enforced by law upon all the people ? We should like, also, for some of these to tell how Congress is to discover what work it is that properly pertains to the people's souls on Sunday; or indeed, whether the people have any souls ? How is Congress to know whether there is a' life to come ? And if Congress shall discover all this to its own satisfac-tion; then will Congress insure to all the people a happy issue in that life to come, upon Condition that they will observe the Sunday laws ? These are not captious questions, they are ,entirely pertinent. For when it is proposed that this Nation' by legislative acts shall commit itself to the guardian-ship of the affairs of the world to come, of men's souls, and of another life; and when the people are asked to consent to it; it is strictly proper for the people to inquire, How shall the State make that thing a success ? The truth is, that the State can never have anything to do with the world to come or with the question as to whether there is one to come at all. The State can never have anything to do with men's souls or with the question as to whether Men have any souls: The State can never have anything to do with the life to come or With the question 44 to whethei  there is any life, to come. No State will ever reach the world to come nor will any State ever, in the least degree, be partaker Of the life that is to come, The State is of' this world wholly, it has to do--only with the affairs of this world, and with men as they are in this world. The State has to do only with men's bodies, and to see that the lives which men lead are civil. By these considerations it is clearly seen that this Stindaybill at the very first step leads the civil government, into a field where it is impossible for it to have any jurisdiction. Nor do we raise these questions because we doubt that there is another world or that there is 'a life to come. We are fully per-suaded that there is both another world and a life to come. But the discerning of this is a matter of faith, and that on the part of each individual for himself alone. Nobody on this earth can discern or de-cide this for anybody else. We thor-oughly believe that there is both another world and a life to come, and anybody in this world has an equal right not to believe it if he chooses so to do. We have the right to believe 'this without the sane.-tion of the Government; and any other man has a right not to believe it without any interference by the Government. We deny the right of any of the Senators or Representatives in ,Congress to decide any of these matters for anybody but himself. Further than this, it is claimed by the advocates of Sunday laws that they do not propose to compel people, or even try to compel them, by law to be religious or to act as though they were 'religious. Yet, in both these bills which they have had presented in the 'present Congress, they - intend to have everybody forbidden to perform any labor or business pertaining to this present world or to things not spiritual' or holy; to prohibit everybody from performing any work relating im-mediately or primarily to the body, or ,to this life. And when all that is done, the Only thing that is left, that anybody is allowed, to de on Sunday, is work that pertains to another world; work that per tains to things spiritual or holy ; work that pertains to the soul; and to the life to come; and every one of these things je wholly in the realm of the religious. We haVe heard of a man who 'was shut up to a choice between the devil and the deep sea. Those who shut him up there might have claimed that they didn't compel him' to go to the devil nor Yet to the -deep sea; because he was left perfebtly free to make his own choice.,  Yet, so far as the freedom of choice gees, that man was just as well off, as the people of the District of - bia would be under this bill; because they , will be shut up to a choice between doing absolutely nothing and doing works of religion. Nor are we sure that the people of the District of. Columbia will not be actually worse off thaia was thi5 ethic man, lit 