244 AMERICAN SENTINEL. native land is to them a foreign country. They marry and bring up their families like other folk, but they do not, like others, expose their infant children. They pro-vide their meals in common, but theirs is no common meal. They live in the flesh, but not -after the flesh. They sojourn upon earth, but their citizenship is in heaven. They obey the established laws, and yet by their individual lives they surpass the laws. Ł They love all men, yet they are persecuted by all. They are put to death, and yet are raised to life. They are not under-stood and yet they are condemned. They are poor and yet make many rich. They are in want of everything and yet in everything abound. They are dishonored and yet by their dishonor are covered with glory. They are defamed, and yet are counted righteous. They are re-viled and blessed. They are insulted and entreat men honorably. They do good and are punished as evildoers. When punished they rejoice as being raised to life. The Jews make war on them as Gentiles, and the Greeks per-secute them, and yet those that hate them cannot state the cause of their dislike." THE gospel of God purifies the heart, and through this change in the individual operates toward the purifi-cation of what is without the heart. This is the one true principle of genuine reform. It must begin with the heart. What Sunday Legislation Involves. BY J. F. BALLENGER. When the Lord gave His commandments to Israel He wrote them upon two tables of stone (Dent. 4:13), four upon one table and six upon the other. (This divi-sion is evident from the very nature of these laws and also from the answer Christ gave to the lawyer in Matt. 22:36-40.) The first table expresses our duty to God alone, the, other six express our duty to both God and our fellowmen. In order now to make clear the limits of human or civil legislation, we will suppose that I was' existing as the only person on earth. I could break every one of the first four commandments in actions and thus offend God just as well as I can now, but I could not violate one of the other six in conduct and thus injure my fellowman, yet I could break every one of them in thought and thus offend God. Again, E I dwelt in the most densely populated city on the globe, I could violate every one of the first four commandments in conduct and not injure a single human being. But I could not violate one of the second table in actions.without wronging some one else. Therefore is it not evident that human legislation is limited to the punishment of such acts as are infringements of the nat-ural rights of others. Now, as the Sabbath beloncrs to the first table and is wholly spiritual and religious, therefore civil government can never enact Sabbath laws without interfering with man's spiritual and religious duties to God. HaŁd these distinctions been carefully observed and acted upon by law makers, there never could have existed such a thing as a sabbath law upon the statute books of any State or government of the world. In fact there has never been a civil sabbath law since Israel was a theocracy. Every attempt to enforce a. weekly rest day by human legislation has been an at-tempt to compel obedience to Sunday as a religious in-stitution. This is just what the prophecy said the Papacy would do and it is just what it has done. Says Cardinal Gibbons through his Chancellor, H. FŁ Thomas : " Of course the Catholic Church claims that the change (of the Sabbath) was her act. . . . And the act is a MARK of her power and authority in religious matters." Many testimonials, of the same nature, from their writings, might be given. But every intelligent person knows that the Catholic Church claims the power to change the laws of God ; and that she puts forth the Change of the Sabbath as a sign of that power. Then what do professed Protestant governments do when they enact Sunday laws? Ł 1. They make an image to the Papacy in legislating upon a purely religious subject. Rev. 14:9-12. 2. They enforce an institution which the papal church claims to be a mark or sign of her power to change God's times and laws. See Dan. 7:25. 3. They set man above God in that they assume to abolish the divine government and put civil government in its place. See Isa. 47:7; 8, and Rev. 18:7, 8. 4. To compel obedience to the Sunday institution is to force the conscience contrary to the command of God and thus assume the responsibility of the character and conduct of the citizen in the final judgment. 5. They destroy religious liberty and undermine the principle upon which all good government rests. 6. They prepare the way for the final destruction of all human governments, as seen in the history of those earthly powers that met their overthrow because they dared to assume the power to control the divine right in man by the union of Church and State. In view of these facts it behoves every individual to see well to it that we have that freedom that all may have in Jesus Christ. John 8:36. Followed a Bad Example. AT the New York Conference of the M. E. Church at Sing Sing, which closed April 13, some interesting facts were disclosed which throw light upon the controversy over the building of a Roman Catholic chapel on the Gov-ernment reservation at West Point. These facts came out in connection with the presen-tation of the following resolution, by the Rey. Thomas S. Bond:Š "On March 3, 1897, the Honorable Secretary of War granted permission for the erection of a Roman Catholic 