AMR' IcAN sENTIN 247, prayer to his Father was, "Sanctify them through thy truth; thy word is truth." In regard to his disciples, he said, "I have given them thy word ; " he said nothing about their using the ballot. On the contrary, when Peter drew a sword to defend his Master, the Lord, told him to put it up. And Paul tells us that the Scriptures are sufficient to thoroughly furnish the man of God unto all good works. 2 Tim. 3:16,17. The doctrine of Christ is to " overcome evil with good." THE Bible doctrine of Christian unity knows nothing of the word "confederation." Christians are not confed-erated with God or with each other, though Christianity. `` As thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us; " " I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one," expresses the mind of Jesus Christ upon this subject. John 17: 21, 23. This alone is Christian unity. 4- 14 -4 -.4 How to Proclaim the Gospel. BY M. E. KELLOGG. IT is a great truth that the gospel of Jesus Christ is of inestimable benefit to mankind, directly, to every one who receives it, and even indirectly to others. The prin-ciples of love, mercy, purity and sobriety, which are de-veloped in those who receive the indwelling Saviour, cer_ tify that the gospel is the greatest power for righteous-ness that there is in the world. It therefore becomes a very important question from both the standpoint of individual salvation and of other interests as well, to ascertain in what manner the Christian religion can be the most successfully propagated, or in other words, the best manner to induce persons to accept for themselves the personal benefits of Christianity. First, there is the old-fashioned way pursued by Christ and his apostles. That way is to preach Christ in all his divine power as the personal Saviour of every one who will accept his salvation; the receiving of his Spirit which will enable the convert to walk as he walked and to illus-trate in his life the life of Christ himself. In this accept-ance of Christianity no dependence is placed upon the flesh, nor do ordinances or ceremonies of any kind have any part in the justification or salvation of the sinner. He is saved by faith, which works in him the righteous-ness of the law. This way of introducing Christianity was so emi-nently successful that in the early days of its proclama-tion, upon one occasion three thousand souls were con-verted in one day; upon another occasion five thousand were converted, and such perfect harmony and love pre_ veiled among the converts that it has been put on record that "the multitude of them that believed were of one heat and of one soul." This was the primitive way of proclaiming the gospel, and in that period of its progress  it has, been fitly described as one on a white horse with bow and crown who went forth conquering and to conquer_ But at an early period there mine a great apostasy in the Church. A central head was established at Rome, individual liberty was repressed, the Holy Spirit was not recognized as the director of the Church, and men as-sumed the position of regulating and controlling the gospel. Soon the Church was joined to the State, and the power of kings and princes was invoked to carry the gospel. By proffered earthly rewards, by threats, by fears, a mongrel gospel was proclaimed. Great apparent results were achieved, but nothing approximating that early success has ever been obtained, nor could it ever be said of these converts from worldly motives that they were of one heart and of onesoul. Instead of loving each other they have not hesitated to make war upon and to kill each other! - Strangely enough, with these t wo examples before the eyes of the Christian world, the tendency at' the present day is to use the latter method. To this end ministers preach, editors write, and lawmakers legislate. Chris-tianity by law, is the cry. Thus methods distinctively worldly are put into action to gain an object entirely spiritual and religious ! Is it any wonder that the type-of Christianity produced by such methods differs so ma-terially from that seen in the days of the apostles? With promises of earthly honors and earthly temporal good,  entering so largely into the modern religio-political preaching, with man's power for God's power, man's ap-probation for God's love, earthly penalties for God's pun-ishments, what will the "Christianity" which is the out-come be? It must be something so different from _the biblical, the.apostolical and the true, that the Lord ,will not recognize it as His. The gospel itself, alone, separate from everything else, is a powerŠit is "the power of God untasalvation." It is so perfect of itself that the addition of anything to,  it or the taking away of anything from it as a help,  to. rectitude and holiness lessens its power and mars the ' perfection of its work. It stands alone for perfection of righteousness and of character, high above all that can, come from the power of man, either alone, or in an ,at-tempted union with it. We need the gospel; it is the only hope of the age, but we want it pure. We want it separated from all man's pretended helps of governmental patronage,. fa-vorable legislation, and temporal rewards. Then will apostolical seasons of power and refreshing be seen, and, the world will stand amazed at the exhibition. THE true character of a person can be known only when he enjoys the fullest freedom. Ii is so with an in-stitution or a church. Tirhe thoughts and intents,  of her heart cannot be known by observing the doings of the Roman Church in our own land at this time and under present circumstances. She has too much of the wisdom of the serpent to disclaim against religious liberty in,  this country.ŠConverted catholic. 