94 A_NVITTLICA..N SIONVINETA. VOL. 9, No. 1i going on in other States, as, for example, where the Young. People's Christian En-deavor Society in Illinois has entered politics, one of its chief objects being the "preservation of the American Sabbath" by that means. These young people's endeavors to Christianize society will fall quite short of their aims as long as their weapons are those of the world, such as cooperation with or threats against scheming politi-cians who will or will not yield to their demands. It is quite significant to see what means have to be adopted to secure the " preser-vation of the American Sabbath." Surely a thing that has never been sound enough to stand alone would need a pretty strong preservative with which to preserve it. L. A. HANSEN. More Sunday Legislation in Massa- chusetts. THE effort to tone up our Massachusetts Sunday laws, because part of the commu-nity who think those whose views differ from them as to the sacred character of the day, are having altogether too much religious liberty, found expression in the following bill, a hearing on which was given, before the joint judiciary commit- tee, Feb. 28 :Š Whoever in any way manages, performs, or takes part in any entertainment, musicale, show or per-formance of any kind, nature, or description in any theater, museum or hall on the Lord's day, except sacred concerts under the auspices and for the benefit of any church or religious society, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding $200. The intolerant spirit back of this bill is worthy of the Dark Ages. Every one must be denied the privilege of any enter-tainment in any theater, hall or museum, upon Sunday, except such as are approved by the churches and are for their benefit. Such monstrous infringements upon the rights of others, in these times of gospel light, as this bill presented and advocated in the Massachusetts legislature is, is cer-tainly a marked evidence of the decadence of the spirit of both civil and religious liberty Elders R. C. Porter, Geo. E. Fi-field, and others, remonstrated against the bill. GEO. B. WHEELER. Steadying the Ark .by Preamble. JUST now there is another of the period-ical spasms of anxiety about the name and being of God, in congressional circles, and Massachusetts leads the would-be pious campaign. Senator Frye and Rep-resentative Morse have introduced resolu-tions looking towards the introduction of God into the Constitution of the United States. These people would like to make of us a Christian nation by an act of Con-gress; legislate piety into our people. Granting for argument's sake that there is cause for this religious nervousness, the remedy proposed is childish. What im-becility of spirit is that that would under-take to stay the throne of the Eternal by a preamble ? Chemistry cannot be made theistic by inscribing on the laboratory walls, "In God we trust," nor can astron-omy be made devout by engraving a hymn upon the tube of the telescope. A pious creed does not necessarily make a pious church. The word " God " in the Consti-tution, or a Christian amendment to the same, will not change the prayerless hearts in the nation. The Government cannot be made theistic upon the adoption of a  resolution by godless senators and the approval of the same perhaps by a profane president. Let Massachusetts lead in some better way.Š Unity (Unitarian). Like Priest, Like People. THE following dispatch from Algona, Iowa, under date of March 13, published in the New York Sun of the 14th, is a pertinent commentary on the boastful claim of Rome that she is best promoter of Christian civilization :Š Father Eckert, the German Catholic priest at Wesley, indicted for keeping a nuisance and selling liquor con-trary to law, pleaded guilty to-day and was fined $300 and costs, the smallest fine that could be made by the court. The priest built a large church sometime ago, and being heavily in debt, a number of festivals and fairs were given and a barroom was arranged in the basement, where the priest dispensed intoxicating liquors to his thirsty parishioners and others. The citizens of Wesley have circulated a petition asking Governor Jackson to have the priest's fine revoked. Remember the priest was not fined for his religion, nor for doing anything that was in any way connected with his reli-gion, but for violating the excise law. If the governor remits the fine how can he refuse to remit all fines imposed for similar offenses, unless indeed the State of Iowa proposes to establish the precedent of permitting Rome to ride roughshod over the statutes of the State for the pur-pose of increasing her revenues. The Traitor Political Church. [This correct statement of the work and purposes of the political church is from the Truth Seeker. Its words are true and they are none too earnest. Why should not one who sees unrighteousness so clearly be able eventually to fathom the mystery of righteousness?] WHAT is being done by the theocrats to push the Christian amendment ? Meet-ings in furtherance of the movement have been held in a number of cities and towns, especially in Pennsylvania; at one meeting $225 was raised for the work in Washing-ton, and $180 more for the same work was reported in one issue of the Christian Re-former, besides more than $400 for the general work of the National Reform Association; a mass meeting was held in Pittsburg on March 2nd, and it was ex-pected that a large delegation would go to Washington from that meeting and be present as a moral backing at the hearing on the 6th inst. So many are going that special railway fares and hotel rates in Washington, were secured; while the amendment is pending, a monthly, the Constitutional Amendment, will be issued and also a new weekly series of National Reform documents (the "Christian Amend-ment Series "); subscriptions are being so-licited to send these documents to all the ministers and other influential persons throughout the Union; the association wishes to send out each week one hundred thousand copies of the smaller document and the same number each month of the larger one; petitions are being widely cir-culated; all friends of the treasonable scheme are urged to write letters to their representative and senators, and it is ex-pected that hundreds of telegrams will be received by the members of the House Judiciary Committee from March 5th to 7th. These are some of the measures being taken to " arouse the public con-science " in order to intimidate Congress and so secure a favorable report from the Judiciary Committee. The enemy is splendidly organized, is under perfect discipline, is fanatically enthusiastic, and  in the final struggle at the polls or else,  where can depend upon the dormant yet powerful superstitions of millions of Chris-tian men and women who may now think that they are opposed to the demands of the National Reform Association, but whol will find it impossible to resist the Chris-, tian appeal to their early teachings and their fearsŠ" He that is not for me is' against me." Now we know what is before usŠa long and stubbornly contested fight to preserve the most important parts of the national Constitution and with them our dearest rights as American citizens and free stu-dents in the great world-school of thought. All that our ancestors wrested by the force of brain and the might of the strong right arm from noble and priest and king is at stake. The traitor political church has once more flung herself at the white throat of liberty. Her murderous hand must be wrenched away at whatever cost. She must be thrust back into her place and taught to respect the rights of the people. She says government is from God, by which euphemism she means herself. We say all just government is of the peo-ple, and when she attempts to usurp their authority she does so at her peril. Depew and Leo. IT will be remembered that some months since, Chauncey M. Depew visited Rome and was accorded an audience by the pope. Mr. Depew seems to be very proud of his " gracious " reception by " his holi. ness," and has apparently improved every opportunity to tell of it. The most recent of these was an entertainment .given Mon-day evening, March 12, by the Catholic Club of this city, at which Mr. Depew was not only an honored guest, but the principal orator. The Sun thus tells the story:Š Dr. Depew began speaking at 8: 30 o'clock, and he kept his hearers laughing and applauding for two hours. On the platform where he stood sat Arch-bishop Satolli, Archbishop Corrigan, Bishop Gabriels of Ogdensburg, Vicar-General Mooney, John D. Crim-mins, President Fornes of the club, Judge Daly, Judge O'Brien, Joseph Thoron, Mgr. Farley, and R. L. Hoguet. In the audience were almost all the pastors of the city. Dr. Depew spoke mainly of his visit to Italy. He told of what he had seen of Rome, and he invoked the shade of Baedecker as he described the many monu-ments and churches. Then he told of Pompeii and of the home life of that town as he had seen it, and he rehearsed many Pompellan jokes, which the audience greeted heartily. "And when I got back to Rome," continued Dr. Depew, "I found that I had a strong desire to see the pope. I was told that this was impossible as the pape was a very busy man. A friendly bishop explained to me that delegations who came to Rome to see his holiness on important clerical matters frequently waited months before they could secure an audience. But I persisted and wrote a letter, which my friend, the bishop, said he would have delivered to the proper person. He added that I need not expect any answer, as private audiences had been discontinued. Two hours later, however, the bishop returned, saying that the pope would receive me the following day at noon. "We arriyed at the Vatican some time before the appointed hour, and as we ascended the many broad staircases of the palace we were saluted by the gor-geously uniformed Swiss guard,and finally we were met by servants in crimson livery, who conducted us further. We passed through a number of audience chambers, and finally stopped in a room near where the pope would see me. A monsignor came out and talked with me. He was a young man who spoke several languages, and he was one of the most interest-ing men I ever met. Being an American and a Prot-estant I asked him what the ceremony would be when I entered the papal presence. He said that it was cus-tomary for the visitor to fall upon his knees and kiss the pope's ring and receive the papal blessing, but he added that he would find out how this would be in my case. He returned shortly and announced that the pope's desire was that the interview should be ex- 