28, AMERICAN SENTINEL. Studies in French History.-4. "Now, children," said Professor Carman, as soon as they wers all settled in their places, the next Tuesday af-ternoon, "I will ask all those who took notes at the last study, and who were impressed with some particUlar point, to raise their hands." As so many responded to this invitation, the teacher said that he would only call on some of them to give a few points in the last lesson. "Julia March, you may mention something which impressed you." "I remember particularly about the Germans coming over into Gaul while it was in possession of the Romans, and how they settled themselves down there, in spite of all the RomanS could do to prevent it. I thought it was quite a good deal like bad habits. When they once get hold of us, they are like those old GermansŠkind of hard to get rid of." Julia March always had a way of turning almost any subject, and looking at it from a moral standpoint. "Well, Max, what do you remember?" "That Attila was a very ferocious fellow who came from Central Asia, fought bloody battles, and finally ran away from the Romans." "Will Barnaby, we will hear from you next." "I don't know as I've got so very much to say, pro-fessor," said Will, awkwardly, "but I remember that Clovis was the first French king; that he was at first a heathen, and I should almost say, a heathen from first to last. Then, I remember that the name of Paris used to be Lutetia, and that it became the capital of King Clovis about 500 years after Christ." "Well done! you have all, in fact, done very nicely. But now we would better proceed in our study." "Professor, Joe Palmeter has his hand up," called Henry Ray. "1 see. Well, Joseph?" "It won't take two minutes for me to say that what impressed me most was that Clovis looked to the bishops to help him get new territory, as much or more, than to his soldiers; and that he fought with the Visigoths 'cause they didn't happen to believe as he did." "Well done; 1 see you have no sympathy with the idea of using force in matters of conscience. But I believe I have not told you yet why the Romans gave its name  to the city of Paris. It was from a tribe they found living there named Parigii. King Clovis, I am sorry to say, during the last part of his reign, became more and more greedy, and his conscience proved itself no match for his ambition. Still he did much to improve and beautify the city of Paris. But along at last, he has put himself on record as a `brutal and cold-blooded murderer.' He killed Prince Cloderic, whose father ruled one of the tribes of Franks over which he wanted to rule, after influencing him to murder his (Cloderic's) old father. He also killed or caused to be killed other prominent persons who stood in the way of his ambition, until at last he was king of all the Franks and Roman Gauls. But he lived only one short year after this. He died when but forty-five, and was buried in his capital, Paris. You may write in your note books:Š "Clovis, first king Of the Franks, died 511 A. n." "The oldest historians claim that Mercrveus or Meer-wig, the son of Clodion, was the grandfather of Clovis. So his descendants, or we may say, the kings who suc-ceeded Clovis, were called the Merovingians, or Meer-wings. "This race of kings was bad in every way, and are a disgrace to the pages of history. Clovis was of course a very bad man, but in comparison with some of his vile descendants he seems quite humane. "When Clovis died, he left his kingdom in thehancls of his four sons, none of whom was the equal of his father. Finally, after a deal of bloodshed, the youngest son, Clo-taire, took the kingdom. At his death, it was again di-vided between his four sons, who quarreled over it, like'  their uncles had done. "The eastern part of the country was called Austra-sia, and the western Nenstria, and for a while these two divisions had a separate history. But after much war and trouble, poor Brimehafit, who was queen of Austra-sia, was tied to the tail, of a wild horse and trampled to death, at the age of eighty years; and the man who did this dreadful deed, Clotaire, the son of a vile woman and King Chilperic of Nedstria, was now king of both the eastern and the western divisions. "Dagobert, his son, is about the only one bearing the name of king, after Clovis, that we will care to remember. But his life was anything but a 'good one. He once caused 9,000 people to be killed, who bad come to him for protection, simply because he did not know what to do with them. They were troublesome to him, so he had them all killed." "Horrible r' said Charlie White. "It seems as if this was a pretty good example of might against right. I don't think Rob and I would care to visit France next summer if King Dagobert were ruler," he exclaimed, with a shudder. ' "No, I presume not; and yet Dagobert did a little toward bringing order out of confusion. When he died, there arose a class of miserable apologies for kings, ,called `Do-Nothings.' So the authority was vested, in a set of men called' 'Mayors,' who did all they could to keep the 