THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. so long as he promptly discharges all the demands of the government upon him, the State must recognize him as a good citi-zen, even though he may be an atheist. The State, as such, can know no difference between a Christian and an unbeliever. This must necessarily be so, from the fact that Christianity relates wholly to another world, to things spiritual and eternal, while civil governments have to do en-tirely with the affairs of this worldŠwith the temporal only. A State cannot properly enter the realm of religion, to direct its methods, or re-strain its operations when properly con-ducted, that is, so long as it does not tres-pass upon the domain of the civil, for the reason that true'religion is from a higher source than human authority, and its sub-jects are responsible to a higher than an earthly tribunal. Christianity is founded on the unchangeable word of Jehovah, while earthly governments are ever being modified to meet the rapidly changing conditions of society. These varying phases are produced by majorities, which are often created through political cabal or personal magnetism. To subject re-ligion to the control of such influences, is to delegate it to the domain of human strife, and the corruptions of party power. Again, religion being a matter between the individual soul and its God, no one person has a right to make his conscience the rule by which to guide another, in things spiritual. The same principles obtain, in relation to majorities. The greater part of a community may be agreed concerning some matter of con-science; but, if only one among them holds a different opinion, his rights of conscience are just as sacred as those of all the others, and should be respected. Then, for the majority of a community to dominate the minority in matters of con-science, is to assume infallibility in spirit-ual affairs; and so, to make the Consciences of the larger part, the rule of conscience for all others. That would be unjust; for while it would permit the majority to ex-ercise spiritual discretion, it would forbid that privilege to all who happened to be in the minority. Moreover, such a state of things would subject the minority to others who would make their religious creeds, regulate their mode of worship, and tax them for the support of a religion which the majority might think to be true, but which they themselves may be-lieve to be false. But when a religious majority are en-gaged in such work, they are not exercis-ing their own rights of conscience, but are trampling on the rights of others, instead. ' It is safe to say that any Chris-tian would come to this conclusion if the proper test were brought_ to bear in his case. Suppose, for instance, that in the turn of!human affairs, a pagan majority should prevail in a country composed largely r of Christians, and should com- pel all Christians to support paganism: Would Christians who then happened to be in the minority, consider themselves justly treated, when compelled to support a religion in which they had no faith ? Certainly not. But would it be any less wrong for a majority of Christians to compel a person dissenting from the faith of Christianity, to support that religion ? This is doubtless putting the question in a form in which some have not before considered it. But is it not reasonable to believe that the Golden Rule, " What-soever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so unto them," has as forcible application in a matter of this kind as in any other ? The rights of con-science are individual, and cannot be settled by arraying the larger number against the smaller. Therefore, whatever faith a man's conscience may lead him to adopt, even though he may stand alone in the community, if that conscience is exer-cised peaceably, and not against the rights of another person, its rights should be recognized and as fully protected, as those of all the others. J. 0. CORLISS. -¨ *  Working for a Sunday Law. AT the late Sunday Convention at San Jose, California, a resolution was intro-duced by Dr. Evans, requesting the City Council of San Jose to pass an ordinance forbidding the use of bands of music on Sunday upon any street within one block of a church. The resolution was called out by the fact that some of the churches had recently been disturbed by bands of music during their services. The minis-ters and church people of San Jose, as in some other cities, seem determined to ignore the State law already in force for the purpose of protecting public worship against disturbance. Section 302 of the Penal Code provides as follows :Š Every person who willfully disturbs or disquiets any assemblage of people met for religious worship, by noise, profane discourse, rude or indecent behav-ior, or by any unnecessary noises either within the place where such meeting is held, or so near as to disturb the order and solemnity of the meeting, is guilty of a misdemeanor. And such misdemeanor, according to section 19, is punishable by " imprison-ment in a county jail not exceeding six months, or by a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or both." Why do not the disturbed churches avail themselves of the protection here guaranteed not only for Sunday worship, but for worship on any other day ? Do they not fear that the recognition of this comprehensive State law would annul their plea for a special Sunday law ? There seems to be no other excuse for such action. To some extent this explains the following resolution, passed by the Convention, which is ap-parently designed to concentrate all the protection for worship on one day, namely, Sunday :Š The Sabbath was made for man, and God has given it by moral statue. While it is necessary to man as a religious being, yet independent of this, because of the physical, mental, moral, and social benefits resulting from it, it should have a place in the Civil Code of our State, guaranteeing its priv-ileges and benefits to every citizen. Forever op-posed to any union of Church and State, denying the right of the State to enforce its religious observ-ance simply because the Sabbath has a religious character, nevertheless we insist that the laws of our State should protect the Sabbath as a day of rest for all, and a day for unmolested religious worship to those who wish to so observe it. Therefore, Be it resolved, That we invite the co-operation of all good citizens in securing a Sabbath law in the State of California which shall protect all our citi-zens in their right to one rest day in seven. Of course that one rest day must be on Sunday. The Penal Code above quoted protects worship on any and every day; but that appears to be too sweeping, so it is quietly laid on the shelf, and a law is sought for the protection of.  one day. People who choose to worship on any' other day are not worthy of protection. But the resolution which called out the most discussion, and indeed the only one which received any opposition on its mer-its, was that regarding Sunday newspa-pers. It reads as follows :Š Resolved, That it is the sense of this Convention that the taking of mail from the post-office on the Sabbath, the reading or purchasing of Sunday news-papers on the Lord's day, or the publishing of church notices or other matters in such papers, are to be discouraged as violations of the fourth command-ment. Dr. Calhoun said that he had not given a notice to a Sunday paper in ten years; that the Ministers' Union had often re-solved not to have their church notices inserted in the Sunday papers, but in a short time afterward " some fellow" would break over, and like a flock of sheep the the others would follow. Dr. R. H. Mc Donald said he thought we ought to make the best use possible of that which we cannot control; so long as we cannot get rid of the Sunday news-paper, let us use it for all the good pur-poses possible. He would, as a matter of policy, drop out that resolution from the committee's report. Rev. T. B. Stewart, of San Francisco, grew quite warm over the subject, and charged the hoodlumism of his city mainly to the account of the Sunday newspaper. He thought that a minister who did not use all his influence against it, should be denounced by his brethren. This called out remonstrance from Rev. Silcox, of Oakland, who thought this was going too far. He said these papers were regularly issued, giving notice as to all other things that were going on in the city, and he thought it proper that they should also tell where the gospel could be heard. Of course he was opposed to the issuance of papers on Sunday, but as long as they were issued, they might be used to give such information. Dr. Minton seconded Mr. Silcox' point; said he did not think the publishers of Sunday papers, were worse than other men; that they worked for money. He 