THE SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. 677 country, and no necessity to require an expression' of it sin meaningless forms or idolatrous acts. Judge Ferris' suggestion is full of mischievous possibilities. He should advocate a policy of education, not one of meaningless form and hollow profession. B. THE DOCTRINE OF EXPEDIENCY. "AND one of them, named Caiphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all, nor consider that it is expedient for us that one man should die for the people, arid that the whole nation perish not." John II: 49, 50.'  In these words the doctrine of expediency was proclaimed upon a certain notable occasion in the past. The argument seemed very conclusive to those who heard it then, but to us its heinous Char-acter is made manifest by the fact that it was spoken by an enemy of Jesus Christ for the purpose of justifying his crucifixion. Yet the same wicked sophistry, in different words, is repeated over and over to-day. " It is expedient that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." What is this but one way of stating the doctrine of " the greatest good to the greatest number" ? To be sure, it was not for the good of the Jewish nation that they crucified Jesus Christ; and it is not actually for " the greatest good of the greatest num-ber " that one person should be, deprived of his God-given rights. But this is,- not the point. The Jews believed that the welfare of their nation demanded Christ's death, and they acted on their belief, and people to-day will act on their belief, just as did the Jews in the time of Christ. They will be led to believe that in some cases, comparatively few, the individual must surrender what has been considered his natural, rights in order that anarchy may not break in upon society and that the whole nation perish not. The doctrine of expediency, has Fits place,'but it is wholly out of its place when it is used to de-prive a person of his natural right fo life, liberty, and-  the' pursuit of happiness. The law of God knows nothing of expediency, and as surely as every man is aThenable to -Chat law so surely has he the inalienable right to that freedom necessary to the development of righteous character. In the sacred domain of conscience the individual stands alone with, his God; the rest' of mankind are necessarily and rightfully excluded. This sacred domain must  be preserved inviolate, and if through any theory of government it is not sa preserved, then the greatest harm to the greatest number will be the inevitable Ł result. s. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY; WHAT IS IT? According to Webster's International Dictionary, " religious liberty is the free right of adopting and enjoying opinions on religious subjects, and of wor:-shiping the Supreme Being according to the dic, tates of conscience, without external control." The Standard's definition is " freedom of religious opin-ions and worship as one"s conscience may dictate." Mr. Madison's memorial to the General Assembly of Virginia in '785, protesting against "A Bill Estab-lishing a Provision for Teachers of the Christian Religion," sets forth this: " We remonstrate against the said bill: i. Because we hold it for a fundaniental and undeniable truth, That religion, or the duty which we owe to our. Creator, and the manner of dis-charging it, can he directed only by reason and con-viction, riot by force or violence.' The religion, then, of every man must be left' to the conviction and conscience of, every map; and it is the right.of every man to exercise it as these may dictate." Ł The " Act EStablishing Religious Freedom in Virginia" passed after the defeat of the act against which Mr. Madison and hundreds of Presbyterians  , and Baptists protested, provided,' " That no man shall be compelled to frequent onsupport any relig-ious worship', place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall be enforced, -restrained, molested or burthened, in his body or goods, nor shall he otherwise suffer on account of his religious opinions or beliefs; but all men shall be free to profess and by argument main-tain, their opinions in matters of religion, and the same shall in no way detract, diminish, or affect their civil capacities." Again, in the memorial already referred to, it is said: "Whilst we assert for ourselves a freedom to embrace, to profess, and to observe the-religion which we believe to be of divine origin, we can not deny an equal freedom to them whose minds have not yielded to the evidence which has convinced us." These quotations show clearly that religious liberty means not only the right to hold, and to ob-serve one's own religion, free from all restraint and compulsion, but likewise freedom from all compul-sion touching the religious views, institutions' and usages of others. B. 