156 irt=m AMERICAN SENTINEL..  that the fight against the Sunday opening of the Museum is made solely upon relig-ious grounds. The Independent truly says of the work-ingman " that a great deal is asked for in his behalf for which he is not responsible." This is true; and of nothing is it more true than of the demand for Sunday laws made in the name of the workingmen. It will be remembered that in the city of Washington, February 18, 1890, Mr. Crafts produced before the Committee on the Dis-trict of Columbia, a Mr. Schulteis who said that he represented Local Assembly, No. 2,672, of the Knights of Labor, and that that Assembly had indorsed the Breckinridge Sunday bill. But unfortu- nately for this claim Mr. Millard F. Hobbs, master workman of the whole fed-eration of the Knights of Labor in the District of Columbia, was present, and presented the matter in quite another light. He said:Š No one has been authorized by the Knights of Labor to speak in favor of this bill. Mr. Schulteis is not authorized to speak for the Knights of Labor. It is true Mr. Schulteis is a member of a committee having charge of certain matters, but that commit-tee has nothing to do with this question. The Knights of Labor are virtually opposed to this bill. Some are in favor of some parts of it; some are in favor of all of it; and some are entirely opposed to all of it. For this reason the Knights of Labor of the District, as an organization, have refused to have anything to do with it. We are all in favor of a day of rest, some of two days; but we are afraid of the religious side of this question. What benefits the Knights of Labor wish to obtain, we think can be better secured by our own efforts through our own organizations than by the efforts of others, through the Church. One who was present and heard Mr. Hobbs speak, says :Š This speech, coming as it did, was more or less of a surprise to all; but to Mr. Crafts and his party it was "a stunner." It instantly crushed to atoms the whole pet theory which they had so nicely framed and so pathetically presented in behalf of " the poor workingmen who are so cruelly oppressed by being forced to labor on Sunday ; " and of the Church's gallant effort to liberate them from " the Egyptian bondage of Sunday slavery," Nothing could have happened that would more clearly ex-pose the perfect hollowness of the plea that is made by the American Sabbath Union, that this Sunday movement is in the interests of the workingmen, than did this unpremeditated and wholly unsolicited speech. The idea that workingmen are, as a class, so devoted to Sunday that they want art museums closed against them upon the only day that they can as a rule spend time to visit them, is absurd. Such a claim never would be made were it not that the friends of a State-bolstered Sun-day sacredness feel that they must make a stand somewhere. What they want to secure is general recognition of the princi-ple, that the. State is the proper guardian of -the Sunday institution. In discussing this very matter, the Catholic Review, of May 9, says:Š Where the Christian Sunday is a fact in the na-tional life the observance of it in one fashion or another, provided its sanctity be kept, is of no moment. This is the Catholic view of the matter, and it is rapidly coming to be the Protest-ant view; that is, the observance of Sun-day in any particular way is not important if only its sacred character be recognized; but that is just what the State has no right to do; yet it is the very thing that Protestants and Catholics alike demand that the State and all acting under State authority shall do. This accounts for the everlasting ringing of the changes upon the so-called demand of the workingmen for Sunday laws, and for the Sunday slamming of the doors of the art museums in their faces. The State is a political concern; it turns this way or that way in obedience to votes; the work-ingmen have votes, hence the anxiety of the Sunday-law, Sunday- museum-closing advocates to make the impression general that the workingmen are exceedingly de-sirous of being excluded from museums upon the only day when they have time to visit them. C. P. B. Problems for for National Reformers. THE self-styled' ational Reformers have several rather difficult problems on their hands for solution; but they are not dis-posed to give them up. 1. How to procure a " religious amend-ment " of a Constitution which has noth-ing of religion in it to amend, except this: that " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." The question is, how to get Congress to legis-late in favor of certain religious tenets without annulling this prohibition. 2. How to enforce religious institutions by civil law without a union of Church and State. 3. How to make use of the Roman Catholics to procure religious legislation, and then exclude them from an equal share in the Government. 4. How to legislate non-sectarian relig-ion into the schools of the Nation, which shall be Christian and not Jewish, Prot-estant and not Catholic. 5. How to build a civil Sabbath upon a purely religious foundation. 6. How to compel a part of the people to keep Sunday civilly, to make it easier for others to keep it religiously; and this without any religious discrimination. 7. How to enforce the observance of the first day of the week as the Christian Sabbath by a commandment which says nothing of that day, except as a day on which God worked, and also says that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." R. F. COTTRELL. - e Ł  "Whose Ox," etc. THERE are a very few preachers and religious thinkers in our country who have not the natural ability, or training, to define the difference between tweedle- dee and tweedle-dum. Our pulpit and platform ability can evolve a discourse from an adverb, a conjunction, or prepo-sition; can divide into longitudinal sec-tions the finest specimen of capillary mat-ter that was ever found in a second growth on any theological pate, however shiny; it can eisegete into scriptural texts ideas God and the angels would fail to find therein; can beat out moral questions into a thinness in comparison to which tissue paper is like China's wall; while of moral principles, however subtle in them-selves, it can make such fine-spun applica-tions as to necessitate, for the ordinary intelligence, a Lick mental telescope to discover, and many other feats of intel-lectual jugglery is it able to perform; but when it comes to a consideration of a' cer-tain phase of religious matters, the sup-port religion receives, directly or indi-rectly, from the StateŠa support that is inconsistent, unjust, unfair, and therefore unchristian and un-AmericanŠthe aver-age theologian's sensibilities seem sud-denly seared as with a hot iron. There is a failure to detect the dishon-esty and unfairness in the exemption of church property from taxation, which ex-emption besides is so palpably inconsistent with our theory of the union of Church and State, that it surprises one that there should ever be any claims made that we have here no such union. Sabbath legislation, under the disguise of civil, sanitary, and other pretensions, is an insult to the ordinary intelligence, and "it gives one a pain" to think that the " Sabbath " reformers can not see it in that light, and since they do not, what hope is there that they will ever see that such legislation is alike subversive of Christian as well as American principles ? Strong is the spell that error weaves, In midnight madness for mankind; And deep the trace that error leaves Impressed upon the human mind. Bright must the rays of God's light break, And strong the power of truth must be, Ere men from error's trance awake And think, and act, and dare be free. H. B. MAURER. The World's Fair on Sunday. THE Independent has obtained the views of ninety-seven Roman Catholic and Prot-estant archbishops and bishops as to the question of opening or,  closing the- coming World's Fair at Chicago on Sunday. The canvass shows that an overwhelm-ing majority of the Protestant prelates are strongly opposed to the Sunday opening, and that of the twenty-two Roman eccle-siastics fourteen would only admit the public during the afternoon at best: Two only out of twenty-five bishops of the Episcopal Church declare themselves for Sunday afternoon opening. The Method-ist bishops, white and colored, with a sin-gle exception, and he colored, are for-clos-ing the Exhibition altogether on that day. 