218 THE AMERICAN S-ENTINEL. plain reason: that the case assumes that we are a Christian people, and the morality of the country is deeply engrafted upon Christianity, and not upon the doctrines or worship of those impostors." This is only to argue that if the morality of the country were engrafted upon the religion of Mohammed or the Grand Llama, and Christians were to speak against and deny that accepted re-ligion, it would be proper that the State should punish those Christians for so doing. If that principle be correct, then a Mohammedan coun-try has the right to prohibit the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ within its limits. According to these decisions, Luther and the reformers of his day were blasphemers. .The re-formers did hold up to ridicule and contempt the popular religion of all Europe. They did right, too; and when the State punished them, it was but carrying out the principles upheld by Chan-cellor Kent and the Supreme Court of Pennsyl-vania, and all the other States that have legis-lated on the subject of religion: As we have already stated, it was upon this principle precisely that the Roman Empire forbade the preaching of the gospel of Christ. It only forbade an open, public, and explicit denial of the popular religion of the country;  yet in forbidding that, it forbade the preaching of the gospel of Christ. But Christ sent forth his disciples to preach the gospel to every creature, and they did it in the face of the Roman law, and in opposition to the whole power of the Roman Empire; and everybody in all the . world has an undeniable right to make an open, public, and explicit, denial of the popular relig-ion of this country, or any other, if he thinks that religion to be wrong. The principle of these decisions and of the civil statutes against blasphemy, is essentially a pagan principle, and not a Christian principle. It is peculiarly appropriate, therefore, that Chief _Justice Kent not only cited the precedents of the church-and-state principles of the colonies and of the British Government, but appealed to the pagan governments of antiquity and the Papal institutions of modern Europe, as the basis of his decision. It is true that all these nations have - set themselves up as the special guardians of their deities, and have prohibited the denial of the popular religion ,Ł and it is equally true that all these Nations have resisted every step in en-lightenment and progress that has ever been made in the march of time. Every step forward in religion and in enlightenment has of necessity been taken in the face of all the opposition which these States and empires could bring to bear. But the principle of American institutions are neither pagan- nor Papal. The principles of the American Constitution which forbids legislation on the subject of religion, are Christian principles. And it is strictly in order for Supreme Courts in making decisions in behalf of what they boast of as the Christian religion, to base their decision upon something else than the course of the pagan governments of antiquity, and the Papal institu-tions of modern Europe. Upon such a subject one would naturally expect them to refer to the teachings of the Author of Christianity, but they have never done so, for the very good reason that the teachings of Jesus Christ are directly against their theory. His word forbids civil government to have anything to do with what pertains to God. And instead of teaching his disciples to prosecute, to fine, and to punish by civil law those who speak against them or their religion, he says, "Love  your enemies, do good to them that hate you, pray for them that despitefully use you and per-secute you ; that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven." How can men be brought to respect God or Jesus Christ by civil penalties upon their bodies and goods? How can they respect the religion of men who are ready to prosecute and imprison them? Every principle of the thing is contrary both to the spirit and the letter of Christianity. The religion of Jesus Christ properly exemplified in the daily lives of those who profess it, is the best argument and the strongest defense against blasphemy, both as defined by the Scriptures and by the civil statutes. A. T. J. Relation of Civil Governments to the Moral Law. AMONG right-minded -persons there can be no question as to the right of earthly governments to exist. There is. a class of persons known as "Anarchists," who deny that there is any neces-sity for government or law, or . that one person has a right to exercise any authority over an-other; but these persons, true to their name, be-lieve in nothing; had they the power, they would cast God down from the throne of the uni-verse as readily as they would the earthly mon-arch from his limited dominion. With such per-sons We have nothing to do. It is useless to ar-gue with those who will not admit self-evident propositions. The only argument that can effect-ually reach them is the strong arm of the law which they hate:Ł Our argument shall be ad-dressed to those who acknowledge God as the creator and the supreme ruler of the universe, and the Bible as the complete and perfect revela-tion of his will concerning his creatures on this earth. With such, the declaration of the prophet, that "the Most High ruled' in the- kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will " (Dan. 4: 25), and the statement of the apestle, that "the powers that be are ordained of God" (Rom. 13 :.1), together with many other Scripture 'ref-erences to.earthly governments, are sufficient ev-idence that nations have a right to exist. Admitting that earthly governments are in the divine order of things, the next question is, For what purpose ? The word itself indicates the answer: Governments exist for the pur-pose of governing, or in other words, for the pur-pose of enforcing laws by which justice and har-mony may be maintained. The apostle Peter says that governors are sent by the Loud ."for the punishment of evil-doers, and for the praise of them that do well." 1 Peter 2: 13, 14. Paul says also that the ruler is God's minister to exe-, cute wrath upon them that do evil. Rom. 13 :4. The next step in the investigation would nat-urally be to find out what laws earthly rulers are to execute. This is plainly indicated in the text last referred to. If the ruler is a minister of God, then the laws against which he is to execute wrath, must be such laws as God can approveŠthey must be in perfect harmony with the laws of God. Indeed, it could not be otherwise: for since God's law is perfect (Ps.. 19 : 7), covering in its range every act and thought (see Ecc1.12 :13, 14 ; Heb. 4:12 ; Matt. 5:20-22, 27, 28), every. human law must be embraced within its limits. No one can dissent from this proposition. It is one of the fundamental principles of human law, as will be seen by the following extract from Blackstone's commentaries :Š " -Upon these two foundations, the law of nature and the law of revelation, depend all human laws ; that is to say, that no human laws should be suffered to contradict these. There are, it is true, a great num-ber of indifferent points in which both the divine law and the natural leave a man at his own liberty, but which are found necessary, for the benefit of society, to be restrained within certain limits. And herein it is that human laws have their greatest force and efficacy; for, with regard to such points as are not indifferent, human laws are only declaratory of, and act in subor-dination to, the former. To instance in the case of murder : This is expressly forbidden by the divine, and demonstrably by the natural law ; and from these prohibitions arises the true unlawfulness of this crime. Those human laws that annex a punishment to it, do not at all increase its guilt, or superadd any fresh obligation, in foro conscientiae [in the court of conscience], to abstain from its perpetration. Nay, if any human law should allow or enjoin us to com-mit it, we are bound to transgress that human law, or else we must offend both the natural and the divine." -,Chitty's Blackstone, Vol. 1, p. 28. The State, then, according to both sacred and secular testimony, has no power to contravene the law of God ; it cannot declare an act to be right or wrong, unless God's law so declares it, and in that case the innocence or guilt arising from the performance of the act, is due solely to the enact-ments of God's moral law, and not to the human enactment, the latter being subordinate to the former. The indifferent points, in which, as Blackstone says, human laws have their only in- herent force, are such as regulate commerce, the tariff upon imported goods, etc. These are sim-ply matters of convenience, or expediency. These questions being settled, the last and most important one is this: How far in morals have human laws jurisdiction ? or, For how much of the violation of the moral law has God ordained that earthly rulers shall be his ministers to exe-cute wrath ? The Bible, which settles every im-portant question concerning man's duty, must also decide this. We shall find the answer in the thirteenth chapter of Romans, a portion of which must be briefly examined : "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God ; the powers that be are ordained of God. Whoso-ever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God ; and they that resist shall re-ceive to themselves damnation. For rulers are-not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power ? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same; for he is the minister of God to thee for good." Rom. 13 :1-4. The " higher powers " do not include the high-est power. While every soul is to be subject to earthly powers, none are absolved from alle-giance to God. The service of the two will not be incompatible, so long as the earthly powers fulfill the object for which they are ordained, viz., to act as ministers for good. When they forget this, their subjects are bound to follow the exam-ple of the apostles under similar circumstances, and say, " We ought to obey God rather that men." Acts 5: 29. The verses above quoted from the thirteenth of Romans show plainly that earthly govern-ments alone are the subject of consideration in that chapter. The following verses show, with equal clearness, the extentŁof their jurisdiction : " Owe no man anything, but to love one an-other ; for he that loveth another bath fulfilled the law. For this, Thou shalt not commit adul-tery, Thou `Shalt not kill, Thou shalt not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not coyet ; and if there be any other commandment, it is briefly- comprehended in this saying, namely, Thou emit love thy neighbor as thyself, Love 