262 siEN-FrENIEur_,. VOL. 9, No. 33. against a reduction of wages. Suc-cessful in part. 1868-69. Seventeen large strikes, most of which failed. 1874. (December 5). Iron workers of Pitts-burg, against unfair wages. Suc-cessful. 1871-75. Union cigarmakers struck sev-enty-eight times. 1873-75. Strikes all over the country in cotton, wool, and mining trades. 1877. The " great railroad strike " began at Martinsburg, W. Va., July 16, with the strike of the ocomotive firemen on the Baltimore and Ohio. Within a week it included nearly all the great roads east of the Mis-sissippi, except the New York Cen-tral. At Martinsburg the mob pre-vailed against the troops; the Fifth Maryland Regiment was mobbed in the streets of Baltimore; the Na-tional Guard of Pennsylvania was mobbed in the streets of Pittsburg; five millions dollars damage to the Pennsylvania Railroad alone. Not until United States troops arrived were the mobs dispersed. The men on the New York Central did not join in that strike. In return for their loyalty the company distrib-uted one hundred thousand dollars in cash among them. 1880. According to the Tenth Census, there were seven hundred and sixty-two strikes. 1886. There were nineteen hundred strikes, including the Gould strike on the Southwestern railroad system. In. six years there were over 20,000. According to Carroll D. Wright, the causes of strikes were: For increase of wages, 42.44 per cent. ; for reduction of hours, 19.45 per cent. ; against reduction of wages, 7.75 per cent. ; for increase of wages and reduction of honrs, 7.53 per cent.; against increase of hours, 0.62 per cent.ŠNew York Sun. Ł Important Historical Errors Corrected. A WORK has recently appeared on " The Sources of the Constitution of the United States." Its author is Dr. C. E. Stevens, the rector of a Protestant Episcopal church. The book has received high praise for fullness of information concern-ing the relations which our political insti-tutions bear to those of the mother country. It contains, however, evidence that the author holds "a brief for his pet theory of the exclusively Anglican source of our American ideas." Dr. Lewis G. Janes, President of the Ethical Society of Brooklyn, points out serious historical errors in the work, and does it so conclu-sively as to deserve the thanks of the public. The statement of Dr. Stevens which he refutes is this :Š The boast is wont to be made that the Puritans of New England led the way in establishing by law re-ligious toleration. A similar claim is still put forth in behalf of the Baptists of Rhode Island. Truth must award the honor to Maryland, where action proceeded from a combination of Roman Catholic and non-Catholic conditions. This action of Maryland took place in 1649, and that of Rhode Island in 1663. In the next year (1664) the proprietaries granted to the colonists of New Jersey the widest toleration. Enact-ments known as the Duke's laws, issued in 1665 by an assembly which met on Long Island at fhe call of Governor Nichol, declared that no person professing a belief in Christianity should be molested for his judgment in matters of religion. On this Dr. Janes shows, first, that the Maryland declaration limited the condi- tions of toleration to those Christian sects who did not deny the doctrine of the Trinity, and excluded not only all non-Christians, but all Unitarian Christians, from its benefits. He then shows that the original compact of the settlers of "Prov-idence Plantations," 1636, bound the in-habitants to submit themselves to all orders and agreements made for public good by the majority "only in civil things.' He shows that March 17, 1644, five years before the date of the Maryland edict, a charter had been obtained at the personal solicitation of Roger Williams, during the period of the Commonwealth in England, which expressly affirmed the principle of noninterference of the civil government with matters of conscience and belief, and that even before that the towns had by mutual agreement organized a general government and chosen repre-sentatives to a legislative assembly. One of the first acts of this assembly was to affirm the principle of religious liberty in these words: " That none be accounted a delinquent for doctrine, provided it be not directly repugnant to the government or laws established." Roger Williams held the doctrine of "soul liberty," and he argued that neither papists, Jews, nor Turks should be de-prived of liberty of conscience, or be forced to observe any other worship than that which satisfied their own conscience. Having disposed of this matter, and thus shown that Dr. Stevens errs in fixing the date of the Rhode Island Edict of Tolera-tion in 1663, because that year King Charles II. granted a charter to the colony, for the Baptists preceded that seventeen years; he then observes that the exclusive claim sometimes made for the Baptists of Rhode Island is also open to objection, as the doctrine of " soul liberty " was pro-claimed as the corner stone of the new commonwealth before the Baptists, or the Anabaptists, as they were then called, came thither from MassAchusetts, and be-fore Roger Williams himself was con-verted and baptized into that faith; but that Roger Williams was in fact the founder of the first organized common-wealth in the world's history that expressly affirmed the doctrine of soul liberty and the complete separation of religion from the control of the civil authority. We have long been aware that the most careful critics hold that the religious tol-eration which prevailed in Maryland, so much vaunted, was "evidently dictated by worldly prudence rather than prompted by advanced charity," and became aware of it in a very peculiar and somewhat hu-miliating manner. The writer, making an address in Maryland, paid -it the usual compliment for being the first to establish toleration, and one of its citizens took him aside afterward, and said that that was rhetorically proper, but if he would inves-tigate closely the facts he would discover that it was an act dictated by political prudence, under a condition making it practically necessary to give the Roman Catholics what they wanted, and was not upon a principle of general liberty and the right of all to it, but was restricted to serve the purposes of those who formed the combination. Dr. Janes justly observes that it is to the honor and credit of Roger Williams, who, during his whole life was involved in controversies with papists, Quakers, Puritans, and many others, that " in spite of these controversies and disagreements, he steadfastly upheld the right of- every  sort of schismatic to hold his own opin-ions, obedient to the dictates of his own conscience, without interference by the civil power."ŠN. Y. Christian Advocate. The Pope on Bible Study. REV. A. MEILLE, a Waldensian pastor in Italy, comments very pertinently on the encyclical letter regarding the " Study of the holy Scripture" issued some months ago by the pope. In a late number of the Voice from Italy, a missionary periodical of the Waldenses, he writes:Š "Those who fondly hoped that the en-cyclical marked a new departure in the attitude of the church of Rome towards the Bible must recognize that, on the con-trary, all the old positions are maintained without a single exception. At the very outset, oral tradition is placed on the same level as the written word, as being equally with it a revelation of God. ' The church' is declared to be the only custodian and rightful interpreter of the Bible. "There is not the slightest promise in the whole encyclical of the Bible ever be-ing given into the hands of the people, who must remain satisfied with such fragmen-tary portions of it as they can find in their mass books or hear read from the steps of the altar. And as for the priests, they themselves are not to be allowed to study the Scriptures in an independent manner. " Then the text-book to be placed in their hands is the Latin Vulgate Version, and recourse to what is curiously called ' the previous languages' is only to be al-lowed in special circumstances. No one is permitted to expound the Scriptures in a way contrary to the meaning attached to them by the church or the unanimous consent of the fathers." State and Church. IN a recent editorial on the state of the churches the Boston Herald says : "Between this age and those which have preceded it, there is no point of difference more clearly marked than that which re-lates to the attitude of the State toward religion.. Not even the mechanical tri-umphs of our age would make a greater impression on men of another time per-mitted to revisit earth than this unquali-fied subjection of the Church to the State. For it is a complete inversion of the order of society out of which our civilization has grown and in which our liberty found its roots. The doctrine that the State has no concern with'a man's beliefs is a con-ception so decidedly modern as not yet to have made a complete tour of civilization. There are certainly countries within the pale of civilized intercourse in which it would be. scouted as energetically as it would have been in the England of three hundred years ago, where restless and daring spirits were already beginning to conceive the scheme of founding a greater England across the western main." Our contemporary is a little over-confident, however, when it assumes that there is no substantial danger in these days from the encroachments of any church in the sphere of government. We have only to recall recent attempts to introduce a religious creed in the Constitution, and the Sabbat-arian agitation to close the World's Fair on Sunday, to be reminded that ecclesias-ticism is anxious enough to use govern-merit for the restriction of liberty.ŠCh,ris-tian, Register. 