THE ANIEIRICAN SENTINEL. 5 regulating the practice of the Christian relig-ion.. Christian institutions are those ordi-nanceS which Christ has placed in the church, such as baptism and the Lord's supper. To the claim that it is desired to regulate mar-riage laws, judicial oaths, and the observance of the Sabbath, we submit that these are not Christian institutions. The moral law of ten commandments antedates Christianity and is obligatory on all mankind. For the observ-ance or, non-observance of its precepts, Jew and Gentile, Pagan and Christian, will alike have to give nil account to God. That part ofthe .law which relates especially to man's - duty to: his fellows and tends to secure bar-tnony and good order in society, human Gov-ernments are empowered to enforce-, and that without regard to the form of religion that may be professed. The Czar of Russia, the Shah of Persia, the emperors of China and Japan, the queen of England, and the Presi-dent of the United States are alike ministers of God to execute wrath upon those who trample upon the rights of their neighbors. And it is a fact that in many heathen coun-tries the rights of citizens have been as well maintained as in soine so-called Christian na-tions. It is also a fact that there is no such thing as Christianity in marriage. Marriage was instituted in Eden for the whole race, and the marriage of the Jew is just as sacred as that of the Protestant. The regulation of mar-riage is within the province of every nation, whether it is Christian or Pagan. Mr. White uses the expressson "moral laws of the Christian religion." This is simply an absurdity. The Christian religion has no moral laws. The moral law is of primary and Universal obligation. It covers every con-ceivable act or thought. If the moral law had never been broken there would be no necessity for the Christian religion, but since it has been violated, Christianity is the means devised to bring man back to obedience to it. We cannot refrain from saying, what we be-lieve to be the truth, that if those who call themselves National Reformers had a just Conception of the true object of the Christian religion, and of the Spirit which actuated its Founder, they would cease their efforts to tamper with the Constitution of the United States. Christ said, "My kingdom is not of this world," and steadfastly resisted all hu-man efforts to make him king. When two of his disciples wished to call down fire upon some who did. not acknowledge his divinity, he rebuked them, saying, " Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of." And when Pe-ter drew his sword in defense of the Master, he was sternly rebuked. Mr. White is grieved because the SENTINEL attributes to National Reformers the purpose to put in practice persecution for conscience' sake. Let National Reformers answer for theniselves on this point. Rev. Jonathan Edwards, one of the vice-presidents of the Association, says: " Tolerate atheism, sir? There is nothing out of hell that I would not tolerate as soon." And the' same man claSSes deists, Jews, Seventh-day Baptists, and, in fact, all who deny the claims of the National Reform Association, as atheists. And now remembering that opposition to the so-called National Reform movement is counted as infidelity and atheism, we quote the follow- ing from another vice-president, Rev. E. B. Graham. He says:Š " If the opponents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and, in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it and set up a Government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas, and then if they can stand it, stay there till they die." This is the fate to which at least one Na-tional Reformer would consign, not only those who deny the 'existence of God, but also those who, believing in God and Christ and the Bible, are content to rely upon the aid of the Spirit of God alone, in their efforts to spread the gospel, and who refuse to .invoke civil aid in that work, or to yield their con- sciences to the will of any human power. Again we quote from the pen of Rev. M. A. Gault, one of the leading lights of the National Reform AssoCiation. He says:Š "Whether the Constitution will be set right on the question of the moral supremacy of God's law in Government without a bloody revolution, will depend entirely on the strength and resistance of the forces of antichrist." That is to say that National Reformers are ready to shed blood if need be in order to en-force their ideas of Christian morality upon the people. If this does not mean persecution for conscience' sake, then such a thing never existed. It may be that we have been mis-taken in charging duplicity and Jesuitical cas- uistry upon National Reformers who claim that they desire no union of Church and State, and that the success of their movement can-not result in persecution; but if so, then we are forced to attribute to them a degree of ig- norance which is inconceivable. Once more: The Christian Statesman of' December 11, 1884, stated its desire to join hands with Roman Catholics in carrying for- ward the work of National Reform. And in the Statesman of August 31, 1881, Rev. Syl-vester F. Scovel, speaking of this desire to se-cure the co-operation of Roman Catholics, said:Š " We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, and the time has not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike bands with other churches, as such; but the time has come to make repeated ad-vances, and gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the necessities of the situation." Now when we remember what the Catholic Church has been and has done in the past, and that it is the church's boast that Rome never changes, and that in the encyclical letter published by Pope Leo XIII. only a little over a year ago, every act of every Pope was endorsed, certainly every one who is not willingly blind must see that when Na- tional Reformers co-operate with the Catholic Church on its own terms, and when by such co-operation they have secured the power which they desire, persecution will follow as a matter of course. The idea that in matters of religion the minority must submit to the majority is of long standing with Roman Catholics, and is openly avowed by National  "Reformers. But minorities do not always submit willingly, and if that idea is carried out, force must be used. But space forbids our making further quota-tions, We submit to Mr. White that it is strictly an honorable mode of warfare, to condemn an opponent out of his own mouth. We have made no statements concerning Na-tional Reformers which the facts will not warrant. While we cannot believe that all self-styled National Reformers are actuated by sincere motives, we do believe that many of them are honest at heart and desire only the truth, but are deceived as to the real ob-ject and the necessary result of the National Reform Association. In this latter class we gladly place our correspondent. And as our desire is to reclaim those who have fallen into error, as well as to bring the real truth before all, we hold our columns open to any one who is competent and authorized to speak for the National Reform Association, who shall wish to make a statement as to its nature and object. E. J. W. The Arkansas " Extravagarice." IN the October SENTINEL, we commented upon an editorial, and an article, both from the Christian Cynosure. The article, copied entire from the columns of the Cynosure, was written to that paper by Elder R. M. Kilgore, from Arkansas, giving an account of the per-secution of some Seventh-day Adventists in that State for working on Sunday after hav-ing conscientiously kept what they believed to be the Sabbath. The Cynosure correspond-ent gave a number of names and facts such as clearly showed the meanest kind of persecu-tion. It seems that the Cynosure got hold of a copy of the SENTINEL containing the matter mentioned above, and from the way in which it refers to us it would appear that the Cyno-sure does not recognize its own article, but attributes the thing all to the SENTINEL. In the Cynosure of November 25, 1886, in a short editorial we find the following:Š " The AMERICAN SENTINEL, of Oakland, Cali-fornia, comes to us with a long reply to` an editorial of this paper, in which the writer gives a long list of fines and imprisonments of Seventh-day Adventists for work on Sunday. :-One man is said to have been sent to jaiLfrom, , Springdale, Ark., for digging potatoes Sot his table on Sunday.' This and other parts s  of the article wear an aspect of extravagance, so that we must wait for confirmation of the facts before commenting on them." More than half of our " long reply" and all of that part of it that "gives a long list of fines and imprisonments" was the aforementioned article from the columns of the Cynosure itself. As it appears to the Cynosure to be so extrava-gant, we would mildly inquire whether it is the habit of that paper to print accounts that are so extravagant that they cannot be be- " lieved without confirmation? We might ask too what the Cynosure would count a " con-firmation "? The account which we copied from the Cynosure is already a matter of pub-lie  record in Arkansas even to the Supreme Court. In Tennessee also there are similar facts that are likewise a matter of public record. Does the Cynosure demand another 