760 THE SENTINEL Or LIBERTY. visiting it, were counted as petitioners for closing the gates on Sunday, thus becoming in a measure consciences for other people. Doubtless the same will be true, though not to so great an extent, with the Pan-American Exposition next summer. We are among those who believe that the question of Sunday closing should ,be settled, not by those who do not care to attend on that day, but by the man-agers and by those who could attend better on Sun-day than at any other time. In short, the matter should be allowed to adjust itself without resort to the tactics adopted with only partial success to secure the Sunday closing of the Columbian Ex- position. B. HOW THE << SENTIMENT OF THE PEOPLE " IS OBTAINED. IT is represented that public sentiment is strongly in favor of closing the Pan-American Exposition on the first day of the week. This impression is sought to be given by means of " petitions " and memorials forwarded to those in charge of the Exposition, from churches, Sunday-schools, various religious organizations, " mass-meetings," etc., praying that Sunday be observed at the Exposition by closed gates. There is something peculiar and interesting about these petitions for Sunday closing, as they are now gotten up, and it will be worth while to re-peat a short chapter of modern history touching on the question of the extent to which such memorials are really indicative of public sentiment. We have but to go back eight years, to the World's Columbian Exposition held in Chicago, to obtain the desired information. At that time Congress was deluged with petitions from all sorts of religious and some secular bodies, calling for closecrgates on Sunday, and purporting to express the sentiment of an overwhelming majority of the people. Upon analysis, this claim of the Sunday petitioners was found to be of a very hyperbolic nature. As showing how this fact appeared, we quote the following which was written on this point at the time these petitioners were claiming the attention of Congress: Ł it Champion Repeaters. " THE Congressional Record of May 5, under pe-titions and memorials presented in the Senate the day previous, contains a record of memorials pray= ing that Congress take some action to close the World's Fair on Sunday, and that no further appro- priations be made for the World's Fair except upon guarantee of Sunday closing, from one church of Missouri; four churches of Virginia and West Vir-, ginia; thirteen churches of Michigan; thirteen churches of Nebraska; twenty-seven churches of Indiana; thirty churches of Illinois; two hundred and fifty-one churches of Ohio, an Evangelical Alli-ance representing all the churches in Cincinnati; a District Epworth League; and a County.  Sabbath School Association; and petitions from the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, containing 223 indi-vidual signaturesŠall these last also of Ohio. " This style of memorializing Congress, by whole-sale, is what the Christian Statesman boasts of as the new method of petitioning,' and says: "`The old method of petitioning by miscella-neous signatures, obtained hastily at the door and en the street, is not only slower, but more likely to result in mistakes than the new method, by deliber-ate vote, after explanation and discussion, in citi-zens' meetings, labor lodges, and church assemblies. These indorsements of organizations also show, by the name of the organization, just what sort of people are favoring the movement.' "It certainly is a much easier way, to count up supposititious petitionersŠfor the presiding officer in a public meeting to have the resolution adopting the memorial read, and say, You hear the resolu-tion. Is there any objection? I hear no objection. The resolution is adopted,' and then sign himself as representing a hundred, or a thousand, or ten thou-sand, or more, according to the size of the organiza-tion, and his official position in it. " This looks like a very easy way of rolling up immense petitions, does it not? And so it is, for it involves the most stupendous system of repeating ever invented. Take, for instance, to exemplify this, the results obtained fiom the deliberate (?) vote of the gatherings named in the descrip-tion of the new method.' A citizens' meeting will be representative, and composed of men from all the different churches, all the different labor lOdges and organizations, young men from all the different Sunday schools, Christian Endeavor Societies, Epworth Leagues; women from the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union, Christian En-deavor, Epworth Leagues, King's Daughters, Sunday schools, etc. Here in this citizens' meeting they have all petitioned once. That is one- vote. But the matter is presented before a labor lodge, and if a vote is taken, those who were present at the citi-zens' meeting are counted again._ The repeating has begun.' Different meetings and councils of this organization are called, and each one of these votes is counted as represented by the authority of the offi-cers or delegates present at their different councils, grand councils, etc., up to the highest representative 