270 AMERICAN SENTINEL. to approve of foot ball on any other day. A man can love his country and approve of base ball on Sunday just as well as to approve of base ball on any other day. And a man can love his own best good, and approve of public amusements on Sunday just as really as he can approve of public amusements any other day. One of the most surprising things in connection with this whole Sabbath and Sunday subject is that men will confound things that are absolutely distinct, assuming the one thing which above all other things it is essential to prove, and presume that the ignorance or indifference of the people will allow it to pass unchallenged. And all this in the face of the Word of God which makes perfectly plain the eternal fact that the seventh day of the week, and that day only, is or ever can be the Sabbath. A " Significant Gathering " in 1900. " IT the recent meeting of the Board of Control of the Epworth League in New York," says a New York religious journal, "the following resolution was adopted: `Resolved, That we desire, as heretofore, to express our wish for close fellowship with all Christian young people, and our readiness to cooperate in practical Christian work with the young people of all evangelical denomina-tions, and hereby authorize the general Cabinet to receive or make such advances for afederation of young people's societies, or for a Young People's Congress in the year 1900, as they may deem advisable.' "This desire for closer fraternal relations with other similar organizations has been ratified by the trustees of the United Societies of Christian Endeavor, who at their last meeting a few weeks ago decided to take steps toward the holding of a great Young People's Congress in 1900 in some central city to be determined upon later. It is proposed to omit all annual gatherings of such societies for that year, in order that they may be merged into the congress, which will probably be a great and significant gathering." THE manner in which some kinds of spiritual enter-prise unite in this day with carnal enterprise, is illustrated by the following from the N. Y. Christian Advocate, of April 1:Š " `Dr. Talmage's sermons' are sent out to the papers in a syndicate. They are generally represented as having been obtained at great expense by telegraph. "On the 20th of February last he was advertized to preach at the Florida Chautauqua, at De Funiak Springs, but he failed to keep his promise, and some of the papers stated that a suit was to be begun against him for viola-tion of contract. He appears to have stayed in Savan-nah, but the sermon that he preached in Savannah was not published in the syndicate papers, and all over the land they published one which he did not deliver, and which purported to have been given at De Funiak Springs." THAT individual is only half awake who "wakes up" to the need of legislative measures to repress the "in-creasing desecration of the sabbath." If he were fully awake he would realize that the situation everywhere is far more serious than can be dealt with by any meas-ures short of those which embody the power of God himself, manifested for the saving of the people from their sins. Orders for the Special " Sentinel." PEELING confident that our readers will appreciate the value of this special SENTINEL when they see it, much more than would be possible from the mere announce-ment of it previously made, we have printed a large number beyond that required by our regular circulation, and are ready to fill all orders promptly. Who cannot make good use of at least a few copies of an issue like this? We look for the friends of the SENTINEL every-where to improve this grand opportunity to do effective work in the cause of liberty. SATURDAY, May 15, has been fixed upon as the date for taking another vote of the citizens of Toronto on the question of running street cars on Sunday. SEND FOR LIST OF EXCELLENT BOOKS, slightly damaged, offered at half price. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. C. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing  Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin bit sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of eonscience, and therefore uncomprorais opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Association. Year, - $1.00. Six months, - Three " - - ADDRESS, AfIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. Single Copy, Per 44 