Tony man hear mg words; and belieue not I judge kin not Šiesus Christ VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, JULY 26, 1900. NUMBER 29. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. S ubscriptio n. price, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, 0. F. 330141_,M.A.1-1,1 , Civil government does not derive its authority from any people's opinions respecting the will of God, however conscientiously held. The Chinese are very patriotic; but the true patri-otism is that which is not narrowed down to the in-terests of self, or of country, but seeks the highest ,welfare of mankind. The "Christian" nations cry for vengeance upon China ; but Christianity seeks no vengeance save to heap "coals of fire" on the heads of evil men by acts of kindness ; it lifts no sword save the "sword of the Spirit." <A <A To prove that Sunday laws are right, it is usually necessary for clergymen to pose as statesmen and physicians, prescribing for the welfare of the state and the health of the human body. This would bet-ter be left to the real statesmen and the doctors. If any act ought to be prohibited by civil law, it ought to be prohibited to all alike. To permit such an  act by a portion of the community, because "conscien-tiously" done, is a confession that it belongs to the domain of morals, and is not a proper subject of civil legislation. <A .4 You are not doing the work of Jesus Christ unless you are setting men at liberty (Isa. 6i :I), and you can-not do this by seeking their arrest under Sunday laws. of .at' If any act does not infringe the equal rights of others, the state has no right to prohibit it, however morally wrong it may be. Bad Advice from an English Clergyman. The following press item of news from the Chris-tian Endeavor convention now in session in London, is brief but pithy: "Dr. Parker of the City Temple urged American Christian Endeavorers to nominate the Rev. Francis E. Clark and the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon for the highest offices in the United States, as Christian men should be at the head of things." It is true enough that "Christian men should be at the head of things," but to do this they do not need to get out of the work to which God has appointed them. Indeed, they cannot be " at the head of things" in the nation unless they stay in the place to which Christianity has led them and let the affairs of the world alone. God is "at the head of things," and God is in his church ; therefore the Christian church is at the head of things, so long as she maintains her union with the Lord. The Christian church points the way of true progress in all that makes for the betterment of man-kind. So all sincere professors of Christianity must believe. In every respect the Christian church should 