340 AMERICAN SENTINEL. after the earthquake a fire; but the Lord was not in the fire. And after the fire a still small voice." And the Lord was in that voice, and that voice set in motion again the work of the Lord which had been suspended by the prophet's flight from Jezreel. " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Do these religious organizations aim to produce a cyclone or an earthquake in the Government? Evidently, they hope to do something of the sort. But what good would it accomplish if they should? The Lord would not be in it. He would not be in it even were they able to duplicate all the awesome exhibitions of might and power displayed at Horeb before Elijah. The Lord is yet in the "still small voice," which is the voice of His Spirit. "0 that they were wise, that they understood this, that they would consider their latter end I How should one chase a thousand, and two put ten thousand to flight I" " By faith the walls of Jericho fell down," and not by the assault of battering rams and the arms of the encompassing host. By faith the servants of God in old time "turned to flight the armies of the aliens." Heb. 11:30-34. By faith the work of God moves forward in the earth to-day. The world will be deceived by exhibi-tions of might and power; but by the Word of the Lord his people know that his work is not by might nor by power, but by the "still small voice" of his Spirit. The Lord's Day and Liberty. A commoN view of the question of securing Sabbath observance is expressed in the following from the Out-look of April 24 :Š " The question of Sunday observance is by no means a simple one. There are elements in the problem which make it difficult of solution. It is, perhaps, more diffi-cult in this country than in any other because the popu-lation is so heterogeneous. In the old New England days Puritan ideals could be realized because the people were all of one class. The same may be said of Scotland. But our population is composed of representatives of many nationalities and of various phases of faith. Simple justice seems to make it imperative that the preferences of differing people should be recognized. How liberty may be granted and yet the Lord's Day preserved is a question not easy to answer." All this applies to Sunday observance; but none of the facts set forth in this quotation interfere with the securing of Sabbath observance, for the simple reason that Sabbath observance is a part of the Christian life, which is secured through faith in Christ; and it makes no difference how heterogenous the population is, they are all alike susceptible to the grace of God. Nor do the "preferences" of the people affect the question; for when a person is a Christian, he will prefer to keep the Sabbath in just the way that God, has commanded. From the gospel standpoint, there can be no possible antagonism between liberty and the keeping of the Sab- bath ; for the Sabbath commandment is a part of the "perfect law of liberty" itself. See Jas. 2:11, 12. "How liberty may be granted and the Lord's day preserved" is therefore a question which can never arise under the provisions of the gospel. God is the author of both liberty and the Lord's day, and he has fixed their rela-tion to each other; and the only thing that his creat-ures here need to do is to leave the matter just as he has arranged it. If men would only do this, it would save them a world of trouble. What is Compulsion ? BY W. A. COLCORD. THE Christian Endeavorer says:Š "It is estimated that there are to-day over 3,000,000 laboring men in the United States who are compelled to labor every Sabbath [Sunday], or at least to labor on the Sabbath the same as upon other days." Whoever made this estimate made a miscalculation. There is not a man in the United States who is compelled to work on the Sabbath; no, not in all the world. To work on the Sabbath the same as on other days is a sin, and no man in all the world is compelled to sin. If he were, then sin would not be sin. There is no law in the United States requiring any man to work on Sunday, the sabbath the Christian Endeavorer refers to, and even though there were, no one would absolutely have to work on that day. All could refuse. "But," says one, "they would lose their jobs, and that means starvation." But what if they did lose their jobs, could not God in His infinite providence provide others? Would He see men starve in refusing to do wrong and daring to do right? Has He not promised never to forsake the righteous? Does He suffer their seed to beg bread? Does He not know their needs, and does He not care for them? Is not their bread and water sure? Where is men's faith in God? In what or in whom are men trusting when they talk of being compelled to do wrong in order to make a living? How can professed Christians expect others to do otherwise than wrong, when they do not possess sufficient stamina to do what they believe to be right? And how much value are they setting upon truth, when they show themselves unwilling to make any sacrifice in order to live it? Saturday is by far a busier business day in the United States than Sunday. More jobs a hundred times are to be lost by refusing to work on that day than on Sunday, and yet no one hears of observers of the seventh day being compelled to work on the Sabbath. They are not compelled to do anything of the kind. They do not work on the Sabbath, and they live too. They have the cour-age to live up to their convictions, and trust God for the consequences. What is a man's moral worth who will 