"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World. VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 22, 1894. NUMBER 46.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A, F. BALLENGER, - WHEN Robert R. Whaley, the Seventh-day Adventist now serving a term of ninety days in the county jail at Centre-ville, Md., for hoeing in his garden on Sunday, was asked at his trial by Judge Robinson whether he would plead "guilty" or " not guilty," he replied that he would plead "not guilty" to that part of the warrant charging " Sabbath breaking," as he had not worked on the Sabbath. THE, judge then asked him if he had worked on Sunday, the first day of the week. Mr. Whaley answered that he had. The judge then replied: "In this State they are the same. The Sabbath and Sunday are the same." In the State of Maryland there is a con-tention between sects that profess the Christian faith as to which day, the first or the seventh, is commanded of God to be observed as the Sabbath. Judge Rob-inson has adjudged the right of the State of Maryland to manifest a preference for those holding that Sunday, the first day of the week, is the Sabbath, and to at-tempt to force those who believe that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord " to submit to laws " made in defer-ence " to the Sunday-Sabbath sentiment, and observe the first-day. IN 1776, Thomas Jefferson and James . Madison indorsed and presented petitions to the Virginia legislature, signed by Presbyterians, Baptists, and Quakers, call-ing for separation of Church and State in the colony. THE following is a quotation from the petition :Š It is . . . impossible for the magistrate to ad-judge the right of preference among various sects that profess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim  to infallibility, which would lead us back to Rome.Š Baird's "Religion in America," Book 3, chap. 3, par.11. And now according to the invincible logic of James Madison and Thomas Jeffer-son,. the Virginia Presbyterians, Baptists, and Quakers of 1776, Judge Robinson and the State of Maryland, in deciding that Sunday is the Sabbath, have erected a claim to infallibility which is leading back to Rome. Roman Catholicism and Spiritualism. IN the last issue of the SENTINEL we concluded an article on saints and mira-cles, in which it was clearly shown that the Roman Catholic Church is honey-combed with the fundamental doctrines of Spiritualism, and that in practice she is daily seeking unto a multitude of dead men and dead women for temporal help and eternal salvation, instead of seeking unto Jesus who ever livelh to make inter-cession for men. But notwithstanding, the Roman Catholic Church is, in fact, the largest organization of Spiritualists outside of the great pagan systems of the East; she has professed opposition to the Spiritualism outside the limits of her ju-risdiction, and has actually hurled con-demnatory edicts against it. She has not, however, condemned the practice of seek-ing to men and women who are dead, but only the seeking unto the dead men and women whom the church has not canon-ized. In other words, the church has attempted to " corner " this whole business of seeking unto dead men and women, by prohibiting the seeking unto any save her own dead. The obvious reason for this is that there are " millions in it." Those who are encouraged to seek unto these dead men and women, are encouraged to begin that seeking by making a liberal offering to the dead " saint," and the church very generously offers to accept such offerings as the agent of all her dead " saints." This is one reason why the Roman Cath-olic Church has opposed what is termed modern Spiritualism. But it is becoming more evident to members of these two spiritualistic organizations that they have so much in common that the step from modern Spiritualism to Roman Catholic Spiritualism is short, and easy to take. Margaret Fox, one of the " Fox sisters,"  through whom modern Spiritualism was first manifested in 1848, in what was later known as the "Rochester knockings," re-alized this fact, and before her death, took this short step and united with the Roman Catholic Church. And now, 1894, a Roman Catholic publishing house'  in London publishes a pamphlet entitled, "A Convert Through Spiritualism." The work is prefaced by Richard F. Clarke, a Jesuit priest. The writer purchased the pamphlet of Benziger Brothers, " Printers to the Holy Apostolic See," who advertised it on their special advertising bulletin, at the entrance to their New York office. Tho pamphlet narrates, in the language of tlio convert, her conversion to Roman Catholicism as a result of seeking unto the dead through the channel of modern Spiritualism. The Jesuit priest, in his preface, enu-merates several " rules that ought to guide us in forming our opinions as to what is lawful and what is unlawful in the method of intercourse with those who belong to the invisible world," and that " even with regard to Spiritualism, we must beware of indiscriminate condemnation of all who practice it." In justification of this posi-tion he says :Š It is quite possible that God may permit some soul from purgatory to answer the summons of one who is an honest seeker after truth, just as he permits the holy souls to go unsought on messages of mercy to those on earth. There are well authenticated stories without number of the appearance to the living of those in purgatory. Why should we regard it as im-possible that they should be sent to warn, instruct, or advise one, who, amid the mists of ignorance, was longing and praying for more light, and who in all good faith sought to obtain it through their instru-mentality ? Such exceptional cases do not in any way derogate from the general law respecting the character of Spiritualism. The following quotations are taken from the story of the " convert," who now speaks from the standpoint of a Roman Catholic, in a publication prefaced by a Jesuit priest, and published and sold by Roman Catholic publishing houses, and is a practical proof of the conclusion already reached by many infallible proofs that Roman Catholicism and modern Spiritual-ism are closely affiliated in doctrine and practice " Not very long after my husband died, Kegan Paul, Trench, Trubner, & Co., Ltd., Paternoster House, Charing Cross Road, London. EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 