72 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. TI2e ArquicaR Se it OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER, 1888. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some riend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. .4 . 1_ DOCTORCRAFTS reports that between three and four million names have already been secured to the petitions in behalf of the Na-tional Sunday law. THE names of seventeen hundred new sub-scribers have been added to the SENTINEL list within the last thirty days. The reason of existence of the SENTINEL is becoming every day more and more a living issue, and we are glad to know that the SENTINEL grows in favor with the people accordingly. THE Woman's Christian Temperance Union and the Prohibition party- have become so entirely National Reform organizations that the regular National Reform organizers have ceased to organize local National Reform clubs as such, but work through these to spread the National Reform ideas. So says District Secretary M. A. Gault in the American, June 27, 1888. .4 Ł THOUSANDS of people are signing petitions, for the National Sunday law, without a thought of harm to themselves or anybody else. Yet only harm to thousands of people can ever come from the enactment of such a law. Many of those who are signing the pe-titions would not do so if they knew the dan-ger that there is in the enactment of the law. The SENTINEL clearly points out the danger. Therefore the SENTINEL should be placed in the hands of every person in the land. Are you doing your part to see that this shall be done? .1 . I. THE Christian at Work says :Š "The Spanish Constitution guarantees equal religious liberty to all. But that did not pre-vent two Protestant citizens of Madrid from being arrested, tried, and condemned, the other day, to six months' imprisonment for refusing to kneel before the Viaticum. We do not know if the offenders were Englishmen or Americans, or of what nationalityŠperhaps they were Spaniards. But some action should be taken that will secure to Protestants in Spain their just constitutional rights. They must spell liberty in a .queer way in the An-dalusian country." Oh, no, they don't! They spell it just-as it is spelled in New York, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts, and just as they are fast learn-ing to spell it all over this country. Spain has a national religion; it is Catholicism; and refusing to kneel before the Viaticum " dis-turbs" the devotees of the national religion. Such " disturbance " must not be allowed, hence these prosecutions; precisely as the New York law punishes those who "disturb"  the Sunday worshipers by working on Sun-day, and as Senator Blair's proposed Sunday law will punish men all over the country. The American method of spelling liberty has descended almost to a level with the Anda-lusian. COMMUNICATIONS have been addressed to the SENTINEL asking its influence in favor of a certain party or candidate. We have but one reply that we can make to all communi-cations of this kind, viz.: The SENTINEL can-not lend its influence to any party or candi-date as such. The SENTINEL is not in politics in that sense. It is not partisan in any sense. The SENTINEL is devoted to the defense of the National Constitution as it is, so far as religion is concerned ; and in this is devoted to the defense of the civil and religious rights and liberties of every person in the nation, regardless of party or creed. And now that the National Constitution is attacked at this very point, and by a United States Senator at that, this question ought to take precedence of every other in National affairs. With the SENTINEL this question does take precedence of everything else, therefore the SENTINEL can-not be partisan in any sense. THE latter part of July, " Sam " Jones, the great revivalist, preached in Windsor, Canada, to an audience composed mostly of Americans, who went over there to hear him. One of his devout, elegantly refined, and intensely in- structive paSsages was this :Š " Now I'll tell you, I think we are running the last political combat on the lines we have been running them on. It is between the Re-publicans and Democrats, this contest, and it is the last the Republicans will make in America. The Democrats are going in over-whelmingly. Four years from now the Pro-hibition element will break the solid South. The issue then will be God or no God, drunk-enness or sobriety, Sabbath or no Sabbath, Heaven or hell. That will be the issue. Then we will wipe up the ground with the Demo-cratic party, and let God rule America from that time on." And this the Christian Statesman inserts un- der the heading, " The National Reform Move-ment!" It is very appropriately placed. It is a worthy addition to the literature of the National Reform movement. But what con-summate mountebanks many of those popu-lar " revivalists " do make of themselves!  IN the Christian Statesman of August 9, Rev. R. C. Wylie praises Senator Blair's proposed constitutional amendment, because it would, if adopted, give the National Reformers many advantages which they have not now. He says :Š "We would then have a vantage-ground we have not now. The leading objection that has been urged against us will have lost its power. That objection, which has such a tender regard for the infidel conscience, will have spent its force against this amendment, and will be no more fit for use against us." That is to say: The charge of invading the rights of conscience has, so far, lain against the National Reformers; but now, if this amendment is carried, this charge will lie  against the amendment, and will spend itself there, while the National Reformers escape. This charge is justly made against the Na-tional Reformers; for they distinctly affirm that the civil power has the right to compel the consciences of men. And the admission that if the amendment were adopted the charge would then lie against that, is a con-fession that the proposed amendment, if adopted, will invade the rights of conscience. And that is the truth. It will surely do so. If it would not, it would not be so heartily indorsed by the National Reformers. .4.-Ł  REV. R. C. WYLIE says the National Re-formers should advocate Senator Blair's relig-ious amendment to the Constitution,Š " Because of the aid it will give us in dis-cussing National Reform principles. Some of these are olearly embodied in the amend-ment. Senator Blair's amendment marks an epoch in our history. . . . The pulpit and the platform should herald the truths it teaches, from ocean to ocean." Yes, the amendment will not only aid in discussing National Reform principles, it will also, if adopted, most materially aid the National Reformers in carrying those princi-ples into practice by the civil power, and in satisfying their intense longing to tolerate dis-senters as lunatics and conspirators are tol-erated. As was to be expected, the National Reform-ers are delighted with Senator Blair's religious amendment to the Constitution. It is in sub-stance just what they have been working for all these years. The Christian Statesman of July 12 says the amendment "should receive the strenuous support of all American Chris-tians." In its issue of July 19 the Statesman says:Š " Senator Blair's proposed constitutional amendment furnishes an admirable oppor-tunity for making the ideas of the National Re-form Association familiar to the mind of the people." Then, after mentioning "Christianity, the re-ligion of the Nation," and " The Bible, the text-book of our common Christianity, in all the schools," it says:Š . " These have been our watch-words in the dis-cussions of a quarter of a century. And now these ideas are actually pending before the Sen-ate of the United States in the form of a joint resolution proposing their adoption as a part of the Constitution of the United States. Here is a great opportunity. Shall we boldly and wisely improve it ? " We are afraid that the iniquitous scheme will actually carry. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 2s. Address, "MERMAN SENTINEL, dOik coWe $t4  041SIAIUDI  CAL. 