AMERICAN SENTINEL. 203 those convictions. They will keep Sunday if they can do it without loss, otherwise they will not keep it. It is sheer nonsense to talk of such service being Sabbath-keeping. It could not be that even were the Sabbath of the fourth commandment observed instead of the Sunday, a day for which there is no divine Authority. He only keeps the Sabbath or any other day, who observes it "unto the Lord;" and he only observes it "unto the Lord" who is willing to sacrifice, if need be, for the sake of keeping it. C. P. B. Governor Rollins Proclaims a Fast Day. GOVERNOR ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, retains un-shaken faith in the virtue of fast-day proclamations and the like issued from the executive mansion at the State Capital, and has issued another proclamation to the people of that State appointing a fast day April 19, the anniversary of the "battle" of Lexington, which is "Patriots' day" in Massachusetts. He appeals to the people of New Hampshire for such an observance of the day as shall coincide with the practise of the fathers in earlier times. He says:Š "When the country was in its infancy and dangers surrounded it on every hand, our ancestors felt the need of a protecting and guiding power, and sought it pray-erfully, leaving us this annual rite as a sacred inherit-ance. Now that we have attained a strong and lusty manhood, now that we are a vigorous, wealthy people, having safely passed the perils of our youth, we are apt to forget the strong arm upon which our forefathers leaned. Instead of abolishing fast day as a worn out and useless custom, I would call our people to a renewed observance and a better appreciation of the real signifi-cance of the day. I would ask that large body of men who seldom, if ever, cross the threshold of a church, to kneel once more where they knelt as children, and see if the church has not some message for them. I believe that a single honest attempt to cast off the blinding and depressing influences of doubt and materialism and to look at life once more through the clear, earnest eyes of youth and in the light of the faith of our fathers, would bring a solace and satisfaction 'like the benedic-tion that follows after prayer." The trouble is that the people of to-day do not have the religious spirit that was characteristic of the fathers, and this cannot be put into them by a governor's proc-lamation. If the success of fast days in the olden time had depended upon official proclamations, they would have been as much a failure and a farce then as they are to-day. The fathers came together in the observ-ance of fast-day not because the governor had exhorted them to do so, but because the spirit of the observance was alive in their own hearts. To-day that spirit is dead; and only the latter of the institution remains, and that a dead letter, necessarily. The goyernor's proclamation may have some effect, but it cannot put life into what is dead. Of course, such a proclamation is altogether out-side the province of the governor's office. His office is purely political, and as a governor, he is authorized to issue only political proclamations. Hence his fast-day and other religious proclamations, while evincing a praiseworthy interest in the religious welfare of the people, are devoid of any legal force; and being able to borrow no force from religious fervor in the minds of the people, become a farce in every sense of the word. Under such circumstances there is no reason why they should be issued at all. IN Portugal at present religious liberty is making some progress. The laws prohibiting priests, who have renounced their orders, from remaining in the country, excluding Protestants from service in the army, and for-bidding public celebration of Protestant services, have been repealed. The Protestant schools are attended by a large number of children, and a state school-inspector has publicly announced a Protestant school to be the best in the country. Many young men are aspiring to become Protestant clergymen. The middle classes espe-cially are said to be affected. Persecution has ceased, and it has been stated by persons wielding a large amount of influence that no Portuguese shall suffer for his religious convictions. There, too, the light seems to be dawning, just as it is dawning in its neighbor coun-try, Spain.ŠLutheran Witness. Jews Fined in Chicago for Working on Sunday. THERE is trouble between Jews and "Christians" in Chicago hecause of "disturbances" occasioned by the former in transacting business on Sundays. The Chi- cago Tribune of March 20 prints the following:Š "Religious warfare has broken out in the ghetti over the failure of the Jewish merchants to rest on Sunday. The members of Christian churches in the district de-clare they are annoyed while attending church by noises occasioned by auctioneering. Captain Wheeler and the police of the Maxwell Street Station have taken a hand, and several arrssts have been made. Three men, John Demetrik, Andrew Brown, and Joseph Belap, were taken before Justice Dooley yesterday and fined the costs for disturbing the peace by conducting horse sales in Max-well street. Their place of business, near Halstead street, was in the immediate vicinity of two churches, and the parishioners complained. "Jewish residents of the district say the arrests are the climax of a series of petty persecutions. They de-clare that on Saturday they are as much interfered with by the Christians as are the Christians by them on Sunday." Of course, the Jews and seventh-day Christians are "disturbed" as much by the noise and confusion of secular business on Saturday, as the Sunday observers are by secular business on Sunday; and more so, be-cause the volume of business is vastly greater on the 