204 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. for the relators on the demurrer, awarding a peremptory writ of mandamus as prayed for in the petition. Since this decision was given, many ad-verse opinions have been issued from the pulpit and the press, showing that the ligaments which bind the State and Church together, in other countries, are not entirely severed in this country, in the minds, of many good and loyal citizens. Indeed, many of my own brethren, in my own church, which is the most thor-oughly American church in the world, have been fOremost in denouncing the de-cision as antichristian and un-American. Now, as much as I dislike to do so, I must dissent from their opinion, and affirm that I can see nothing antichristian, nothing antiprotestant, nothing un-American in the decision of the Court. At first I thought there was; being influenced by garbled extracts from the opinion of the Court, and by the adverse criticism thereon by men in high places. But having se-cured the full text of the opinion and hav-ing studied it closely with the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights, I cannot see how the Court could have decided otherwise, and been American at all. And further, I think the decision will serve better the cause of truth and the Christian religion, as it is, than did it seek to re-knit the broken ligaments of Church and State, which it has taken centuries of bitter con-flict and bloody struggle to sunder. The American State, as I see it, is com-pletely secular. R has no religion, as such, and is entirely indifferent to sects as such. Because this is the case, she gives each citizen religious liberty in the fullest sense, as a fundamental right. This means more than the toleration by law of differ-ences of religious belief and of different modes of worship. The ideal American State is not to inquire into any man's be-lief, as affecting his qualifications for office nor to concern itself either for the support or hindrance of any form of religion. Toleration denotes neither the freedom of religion from the State control, nor the equality of all religions before the law. On the contrary, it implies either a prefer-ence by the State of some one form of faith or worship, though other forms are permitted ; or the right of the State to regulate the administration of ecclesias-tical affairs by the civil law. In the ety-mological sense, toleration is the permit-ting of that which is not fully approved. In the ecclesiastical sense, it means defi-nitely, the allowance of religious opinions, and modes of worship, in a State when contrary to or different from those of the established church or belief. Toleration is a concession, in part, of that control over religion which the State assumes to exercise, but which it so far permits to fall into abeyance. Now, you can see that this is not the con-dition of things in the ideal American State. The religious liberty, guaranteed by the  ideal American State, is absolute freedom of religious opinion and worship, a vested right of conscience, not derived through any grant of the civil power. All that the ideal American State can do is to pro-tect her citizens in the enjoyment of these vested rights. Liberty of opinion, liberty of worship, liberty in all matters pertain-ing to religion, is not a privilege created, or conceded, by the State, but is a right inherent in the personality of the individ-ual conscience; and the ideal American State is pledged, not only, not to interfere with that right, but to protect it. Now, the Supreme Court only protected the Catholic conscience, at Edgerton, and their liberty" to worship according to its dictates. The Court, in my judgment, could not have done less than this. We may deplore the case, we may think the Catholic conscience is wrong, that it is miseducated and narrow, but the Court had nothing to do with anything but the facts, that the conscience is there, and that its rights are being trampled upon. The Court had no right to inquire into the fact whether the Catholic Church is friendly to the common-school system or not, for the question was whether the individual conscience of the people of Edgerton, was abused by the religious exercises, held each morning in the public schools of the city ? The Court had no business to ask whether it was a Catholic, or a Methodist, or a Baptist conscience, that had been or was being abused. I think the attempt of any body of Christians to introduce their discriminat-ing doctrines and practices into schools that are the common property of all cit-izens, should be set aside as a monstrous usurpation. Only by doing this can we have any harmony in the schools of the State at all, and without harmony but lit-tle good can be accomplished by them. Religion and the State.ŠNo. 2. THE first form of government given to man, was committed to him by the Au-thor of his existence, and was of a pater-nal nature. Under this, each head of a tribe became the absolute ruler of his family interests. He not only interested himself in the temporal welfare of his subjects, but was considered by them, their spiritual leader as well. This con-tinued to be the criterion in the patri-archal age, but, as family circles enlarged, and connecting ties became more slender, individual interests became more and more antagonized, until it was necessary to in-stitute another form of government, which would provide for the exigencies arising from the ever multiplying and divergent interests, and yet not encroaching upon purely personal rights enjoyed under the previously existing polity. One of the God-given rights of every man, is to exercise parental authority in his family. It has been from the first,  and is still, the privilege of parents to de-cide what rules shall govern in their re-spective households, without regard to how others govern in their families It is also their privilege to instill just such principles, and to teach just such behav-ior toward themselves and all others, as they may think proper and right. This authority has the sanction of both. the Old and New Testaments in the following ex-pressions : " Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old, he will not depart from it " (Prov. 22: 6,); and, " Fathers, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord." Eph. 6: 4. By these injunctions parents are alone made responsible for the moral well-being of their children, consequently, are given absolute control of their moral training. The civil government has no such creden-tials, and therefore has not the least right to interfere with the direction of any household, unless, perchance, its inmates are jeopardized in life or limb, by the des-potic sway of unnatural parents. In this case, the civil power may step in, and pro-tect the child from physical injury. The Church, like the family, is paternal or instructive in its government. It, too, decides its own tenets of faith, and rules of discipline. The Church holds a com-mission from Heaven to preach the gos-pel, and administer the ordinances thereof. By virtueŁ  of that commission, it right-fully extends its occupation to become the guardian of family morals. But while the Church is thus permitted to give re-ligious instruction to as many families as wish it, there are certain limits, beyond which it has no right to go. The Church may counsel parents how to train their children for heaven, but it has no com-mission to usurp authority over the chil-dren, because that has been reserved to parents alone. Civil government is essentially different from that of both the Church and the family, in that its functions are wholly of a civil nature. In other words, it -is that form of government which guards the social privileges, and prescribes the civil duties of all under its jurisdiction; with-out regard to their religious beliefs. Civil government has to do with the people, only as citizens, without regard to Chris-tianity. The Church, on the other hand, deals with its members simply as Chris-tians, without authority to inflict civil penalties. The State formulates civil law for all alike, within its precincts, whether Christian or unbeliever. The Church' has but spiritual authority, and that only over those who profess faith in the tenets of the Church, and have formally con-nected themselves with it. But the test of citizenship is not based on any religious creed. So long as one duly regards the rights of others, as human beings, and readily meets his part of the obligations which rest alike on all; 