JANUARY 30, 1896. Ł ..sV.Adflialf SIT,IN'rIENTUAL.4 35 and thy seed and her seed. She shall crush thy head and thou shalt lie in wait for her heel. Having thus, by a mistranslation, artfully eliminated Christ, the seed, from the latter part of this text, this "easy" lesson giving his work and honor to another, continues:- 0ms. How was a Redeemer promised? Ans. To show how hateful sin was to him, God cursed the serpent which had deceived Eve, condemn-ing him to crawl upon the ground and to eat the dust; besides, he said enmity should exist between the ser-pent and the woman, but in the end the woman would crush his head. Of course it is but a step from this to the papal assumption that the church is the woman which is to crush the serpent's head by dominating the world through her visible head, the pope of Rome. And this the author of " Practical Christian Sociology " calls teaching "Christian morals in an unsectarian manner "! Nor is this all. Lesson five of Part II. easily inculcates the " easy lesson" of the papal unbloody sacrifice of the Mass, as fol-lows :Š Ques. What were the principal religious rites and festivals of the Mosaic law? Ans. The principal religious rites of the law given to Moses were sacrifices offered to God; they were either bloody, in which were offered heifers, and sheep, and goats, and doves; or unbloody, in which were offered cakes, and unleavened bread, and wine. It is not a matter of surprise that a Roman Catholic bishop should indorse this book, but that the author of " Practical Christian So-ciology" and the editor of the Presbyterian Banner and " other Protestants " should in-dorse it show how far the so-called Protestant profession has become like the Roman Cath-olic. When Roman Catholics and Protestants unite, it is only by surrender on the part of the latter. Roman Catholicism has not abated one jot of her claims nor modified in one tittle her doctrine; and the only way it is possible for Roman Catholics and Protestants ever to unite is by the Protestants at Roman Catholic, if not in name at least in doctrine and methods. Rome is willing that the Bible should be taught in the public schools if she is permitted to put her gloss upon it; she is even anxious that " Christian morals" should be taught if only she prepares the " easy " lessons. She is willing that all the so-called " moral " and " Christian" reforms should receive aid from the State either in money or influence, if she is allowed to so color them that they contribute directly or indirectly to her upbuilding, but not otherwise. " [tome never changes." But how far would the author of " Practical Christian Sociology" carry this matter of Christian instruction in the public schools? Let the book itself answer the question:Š " A Christian nation," may consistently insist " with malice toward none and charity for all," that the public schools of a " Christian nation " shall teach an authoritative Christian morality. 4  But this still leaves unanswered the question how far shall this teaching go ? Again we quote:Š Compulsory hygienic education, " with special ,ref-erence to alcoholics and narcotics," shows that health and strength as well as morals and religion call for total abstinence not only from alcoholic bverages but also from tobacco, and the impurity which both pro-voke and promote. And the hygienic necessity of sabbath rest also to the best health and longest life is soon to be added in connection with Dr. A. Haegler's chart. Dr. Haegle-r calls attention to the chemical facts of expenditure and repair in constituents of the blood, as demonstrated by Pillerkofer and Voit, who showed that the nightly rest after the day's work did not afford a " Practical Christian Sociology," p. 90. complete recuperation of the vital forces and was in-sufficient to keep the mind and body in tone; but that, if this reparation is not supplemented by an occasional longer period of rest, the system is subjected to a grad-ual falling in pitch.' Here stands revealed the goal that " Prac-tical Christian Sociologists" would reach; they would teach a " morality " that included the religious observance of Sunday, for in his book, " The Sabbath for Man," Dr. Crafts insists that a purely civil rest is not sufficient. " Take the religion out," says he, " and you take the rest out." And in giving this " instruction" Dr. A. Haegler's utterly misleading chart is to be used ? It is true that abstinence from labor one day in seven, if it is not accompanied with dissipation, gives physical rest, but rest is not the great object of the Sabbath, and to so teach children is monstrously wicked. Of course Sunday is not the Sabbath, but the scheme to teach "an authoritatively Christian morality" means the teaching of the children that Sunday is the Sabbath and that the great object of the Sabbath is rest. As well might they teach that baptism is for the putting away of the filth of the flesh! It is not true that the object of the Sabbath is physical rest. People who keep no sabbath live quite as long and enjoy quite as good health, other things being equal, as do those who have the regular weekly rest. March 11, 1890, the writer heard Bishop Andrews, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, who had just returned from China, say: "In China they have no septennial division of time, no weekly rest day, merely annual festivals. They work right along all the time with no day of rest as such; yet they live to a very ad-vanced age. This fact has led one of the most careful thinkers who has ever been sent as missionary to China, to raise a serious ques-tion whether the great purpose of the Sabbath is not for worship and communion with the other world." "The Sabbath was made for man," but not alone nor even primarily for his physical ne-cessities. " Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them."' But " Practi- cal Christian Sociology" proposes to teach the children of all the people at public ex-pense that the great object of the Sabbath is physical rest, and to impress this falsehood upon their minds by means of an utterly mis-leading chart. As we have intimated more than once in the past, such sociology may be practical but it is not Christian. Ł SOME " FACTS " WELL OVERLOOKED. THE Christian Statesman, in its issue of January 11, discourses upon " The Logic of Christianity," and presents some strange "facts" which it says should not have been overlooked by people professing to be Chris-tians, concerning their responsibility as citizens under this Government. " The mission of Christianity in the world," it says, "is not fully understood by a large number of church members. They overlook the fact that by the gospel of ,the kingdom the world is to be transformed,-  and the king-doms of this world made the kingdoms of our Lord." But why has this " fact" been overlooked by Christian people ? Is it not because the Scriptures nowhere teach it ? For the teach-ing of Scripture on this point is that when the kingdoms of this world become the king- 5  Id., p. 98. Eze. 20: 12. doms of our Lord, they will be dashed in pieces by him, and broken " like a potter's vessel." (See Ps. 2: 8, 9; Dan. 2:34, 35, 44, 45; Rev. 11: 1-5, 18; 19: 19-21.) This clearly shows that these kingdoms will not be reconciled to him by the gospel. When God's kingdom is to be set up on the earth, every earthly king-dom must first be swept away, because it is utterly impossible to incorporate earthly gov-ernments into the kingdom of Christ. But all those individuals will be saved who through faith have been created new in Christ. An individual can, by the power of God, be " born again," and thus fitted for the kingdom of God; but to speak of a civil government as being " born again " is manifestly absurd. The Statesman argues that because an in-dividual professor of Christianity " must find a place in his creed for God as supreme, for Christ as Saviour, . . . and for the Bible as the rule of life," and because the Church must proclaim her belief in these truths, therefore the nation ought to do the same; in other words, that the character of a gov-ernment is to be determined by the same test which determines the character of an individ-ual or a family or a church. But the party who talk about " Christian" governments and think to make this one of them by the proposed "Christian amendment" to the Constitution, persistently refuse to recognize the plain fact that civil government is not a moral entity. No comparison can be made between it and an individual, a family, or a church, on moral grounds. The proper object of human existence in this world is the glory of God; but the proper purpose of civil gov-ernment is the protection of human rights, and each of them is good in character ac-cording as each fulfills the purpose of its ex-istence. To employ the same test of character for a civil government that is proper for an indiv-idual, would lead to strange conclusions. For example, no individual is good, according to the Bible standard, who will not forgive those who injure him. No matter if they trespass against him repeatedly, he is still to forgive, even as God, whose child (if a Christian) he claims to be, forgives those who trespass against him. He must pray, "Forgive us our tres-passes, even as we forgive those that trespass against us." Must the State, therefore, in order to be good, forgive its criminals, pro-vided, they say, I repent, and ask to be for-given? Would that be a good government under which evil characters might commit crime day after day and escape by merely ask-ing to be pardoned ? Would not such a gov-ernment, on the contrary, be one of the worst imaginable ? Certainly it would; and this illustrates the . absurdity of the idea that a government is not a good one unless it con- forms to the moral standard set up for indi-viduals. We repeat, civil government is not and from its very nature cannot be a moral entity. Individuals can delegate power to their repre-sentatives, but they cannot delegate morality. One individual cannot be the moral repre-sentative of others. The Christian Statesman says that "infidels surpass some Christians in their power of discernment" upon this subject, and cites in evidence some words of Mr. Samuel Putnam, as follows:Š "It is the impression of some that a Supreme Court decision, or an act of Congress, or of the President, can make this a Christian State. But this is impossi-ble. Nothing can make this a Christian State except the Constitution. Ten thousand decisions of the Su-preme Court, or ten thousand acts of Congress or of the President, can't make this a Christian State." "The Constitution is a secular Constitution; and nothing can make it a Christian Constitution save the 