396 THE AMERICAN SEN'rINET, the executive, and. the judiciary, as well as in the army and navy, and the police departments of the Government. Ł At a meeting of the National Reform Association, recently held in the city of Philadelphia, the same gentleman used the following language :Š The Supreme Court of the United States has de-cided that this is a Christian Nation, and that is true of the people, but not of the Government. The Constitution does not recognize Christianity, and therefore is not Christian ; and the consequence is that Christian men who enter politics are com-pelled to live a double life; in social life they con-form to the customs and usages of the Church, but in their political life they must of necessity be-come schemers, and wire pullers, and the Church is filled up with this class of men. It was evident that the speaker held that all this was the result of the fact that the Constitution of our country failed to give preference to these so-called Christian men, for he proceeded to say :Š However much we esteen the Constitution, we recognize that it has grave defects, and should be amended so as to be in harmony with the fact that this is a Christian Nation. That is to say, the Constitution should be so amended as to give preference to Christian men for all desirable places in government, and by this means those Christian statesmen will be delivered from the temptation to become wire-pullers and schemers, and from degenerating into political demagogues, by coming into competition with the other fellows. The people who are advocating this theory, seem to forget that when the Con-stitution shall be so changed as to give preference to Christian men, that then the other fellows will be sorely tempted to become " Christian " in order to share the spoils, and instead of the Church being reformed it will have within its embrace all the rest of the wire-pullers, and the conflict will still go on. This certainly is a novel plan for re-forming the Church, but it is not entirely new, it has, however, not been made use of in this country since the days of Puritan-ism, and since our fathers put that clause into the Constitution forbidding that any preference should be given to men on ac-count of their religious belief. In all other countries it has been the curse, both of the Church and the State, anal will produce the same results in this country if the experiment is tried. A Christianity that does not have power to keep men pure when it is not legalized, would not be worth legalizing, even though it were right to so unite politics and religion. The real difficulty is not with Chris-tianity, nor the Constitution, but with the men. Is it not fair to infer that these so-called Christian statesmen, following the ex-ample and spirit of the times, have al-lowed their selfishness to so far get the better of them that they are not willing to remain on an equal footing with other men, but are seeking a monopoly for themselves, a legalized preference over all other men, thus revealing their supreme selfishness, for no other class of men in this country has ever had the effrontery to demand the right to rule to the exclusion of all others. This demand is not born of the spirit of him who said, "My kingdom is not of this world." When the legislative department of this country shall have enacted righteous laws that bear equally upon all the people, the executive be faithful to see that the laws are righteously administered, and  the judiciary render just and equal judg-ment, Šcertainly not till then, if then, can we justly set up the claim of being a Christian Nation; but this can not be at-tained by merely creating an aristocracy calling itself Christian, from a class of men professing themselves for political profit to be Christian. ALLEN MOON. A Confederacy. IN a discourse delivered on Columbus Day in Hillsdale, Mich., Rev. A. E. Craig stated during the course of his re-marks that he was looking for a great American church, and that it would be formed by the Catholics taking the best of their churches, the Episcopalians the best of theirs, the Presbyterians, the Con-gregationalists, the Baptists, Methodists, etc., taking the,  best of theirs, and inscrib-ing on their banners, " Unity." If these churches were being melted to-gether by the Spirit of Christ, and form-ing one body, it would certainly be very encouraging and desirable for the Chris-tian. But when this " unity " is simply a confederation to enforce their dogmas and decrees by securing the aid of the State, it is, not only to the genuine Chris-tian but to every American citizen, a question that is the most serious of any-thing that confronts us at the present time. All history shows that large ecclesi-astical combinations entering the realm of the State, and securing and enforcing ecclesiastical laws, has resulted in great evil. And that the combining of these various organizations is tending in the direction of encroaching upon the State, and that it will ultimately end in an at-tempt to force the consciences of men, must be clear to those who have been watching the recent trend of events. A. 0. TAIT. The Reign of "the Saints." IN reading a recent number of the Christian ( ?) Statesman (that of Novem-ber 26), I find enough anti-Christian the-ology, and enough anti-American politics, if practically carried out in our land, to utterly ruin both Church and State, sub-verting our Federal Constitution, and building up over the grave of American liberty, a perfect image of the old time papal despotism. In an article entitled, " Why Cove-nanters are Political Dissenters," Mr. J. M. Foster gives as the first reason, " God is not recognized as the sovereign." " The Declaration of Independence as-sumes that rulers derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." So this that has come to us through the ex-periences of millions is only an assump-tion. In the place of this sublime truth which universal history declares to lie at the very foundation of all civil liberty, Mr. Foster would revive the old theory of the divine right of kings and rulers; for he immediately adds, " Rulers are God's ministers. They represent God. Their authority comes from him." Of course if rulers represent God, and not the people, and their authority comes from him, and not from the people, then they are responsible only to God and not to the people for the exercise of that au-thority. Every student of history knows that this always has been and still is the underlying principle of every oppressive  despotism. From the ancient tyrants of Assyria and Rome to the modern auto-.crat of Russia, every despotic ruler has thus sought to give to his iniquitous de-crees the authority and sanction of Deity: Nor does Mr. Foster evade the force of this by saying, " God's method of com-municating this authority is through the people. The whole truth is : Whom God' and the people choose." The voice of the people is here made the voice of God, and that too in things pertaining to God and his worship. This is a revival of a pagan proverb. The truth of the Bible is that the people per-secuted Noah, the people crucified Jesus. The people have in every age put to death God's prophets and apostles, leaving pos-terity only to build their sepulchres and do them honor. Neither the people nor their rulers are supreme in matters per- taining to the moral government of God, but God himself ; and his will is not re-vealed to any chosen rulers simply, but to each individual soul, by his Spirit, and through his word. The second reason given why Cove-nanters are political dissenters is " that Christ is not recognized as the King of kings," and the failure to recognize him as such in our Federal Constitution is " trea-son against the Constitution of Christ." Just what the " Constitution of Christ " is, the gentleman fails to. inform us. The nearest approach to a Constitution for a civil State in all His recorded words, is where he teaches the total separation of Church and State by saying : " Render un- to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's;" and in that other place where he plainly and solemnly declares, " My kingdom is not of this world." Both of these declara-tions the Covenanters seem to have for-gotten ; and so they present themselves to the world as the spiritual descendants of the unbelieving multitude who sought to take Christ by force and make him king. Jesus came from the highest heaven, stooping in infinite love to lift up human-ity, till even in this poor world, he was a wanderer without where to lay his head. The human representatives of Christ, have exalted themselves above all human-ity, both people and kings, till climbing up into the very seat of God, they claimed the power and the right, by their own poor human authority, to change the divine law. Jesus was the Christ. The popes have by this very exaltation proved them-selves ANTI-Christ. Yet they were the logical result of that theory of government which the Statesman is seeking to revive. Revive that theory, and in the place of our civil rulers, we should soon again have these theocratic despots. From another article in the same paper I clip the following. The article is entitled " Christian politics" :Š Now let a single presidential canvass be conducted with the American people, on a platform which frankly acknowledges the Lord Jesus Christ as sovereign in political affairs, for servants tried and true of Christ for these chief places; let every issue be in the platform that Christ in his providence de-mands by placing it in national life; let them all be argued before the people by the press and speakers bringing them to the infallible test of the law of Christ; appealing to reason, conscience, love to God, love to man, love of country, love of righteousness, hate of evil, etc., etc., and would it not be one of the most tremendous instrumentalities to educate the whole people in the knowledge, love and obe-dience of Christ ?" This looks at first thought very plaus-ible, as error often does, but it wholly disregards Christ's declaration that his kingdom is not of this world. More- 