90 AMERICAN SENTINEL. humane policy on the part of the church; more charity and less arrogant dogmatism; a recognition of the right of every sentient creature to his own opinion; a confes-sion of the fact that the wisest theologian is but groping toward the light, and may misinterpret God's message; the absolute elimination of religion from secular affairs; less thunderous pulpiteering and more examples of the true Christian kind, would eliminate atheism from this land, for the spirit of Christ when made 'manifest in'men, appeal to all humanity with irresistible power.ŠThe Transcript. • -  Supreme Court Decisions in Minnesota. THE Sunday laws of Minnesota contain a clause prohibiting "servile labor," with a provision "excepting the works of necessity or charity"; followed by this proviso:Š "Provided, however, that keeping open a barber shop on Sunday for the purpose of cutting hair and shaving beards shall not be deemed a work of necessity or charity." The fine for the violation of the Sunday laws is a sum "not less than one dollar nor more than ten dol-lars." The Barbers' Union has been most active in se-curing arrests for violation of the barbers' clause, but the fines assessed were of the lowest amount. Recent efforts have been made to make the law more stringent, and prosecutions more numerous. It was finally determined by non-union men that they would make a test case. The violator of the law, a barber of Minneapolis, through his attorney, set up the defense that the law was a species of class legislation, and therefore unconstitutional. The lower court decided that the law was not class legislation, and that it was constitutional. The case was carried to the Supreme Court of the State, which affirmed the decision of the lower courts. The decision was handed down by Judge Mitchell, last December. But the defense took an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States. As a matter of fact, if this special feature of the Sun-day laws is constitutional, all others are constitutional as well. It was, however;but a few years ago that the Supreme Court of California rendered a decision that the Sunday laws of that State were unconstitutional. Thus we have the Supreme Court of Minnesota in conflict with the Supreme Court of California. The final decision of the highest court of the nation will be waited for with interest; as the decision in this case will establish a precedent for any other case under any other feature of the Sunday laws. If the decision should affirm the con-stitutionality of this one clause, it would go a long way, in the opinion of the courts, toward establishing the question of the constitutionality of all Sunday laws. But these laws would not be constitutional, even though all the courts in the world should so affirm. But now comes another decision from that same court; this time in regard to the legality of Sunday contracts. The decision is by Associate Justice Collins, who decides that as the Sunday law forbids "all man-ner of public selling and offering for sale publicly Of property on Sunday, except certain specified articles;" and that as "by the common law judicial proceedings on Sunday were forbidden, any other business could law-fully be transacted." This is equivalent to saying that it would be perfectly constitutional for barbers to shave men in any way other than publicly. But why draw the line on the pub-licity of the act? If the act is right as between man and man, if the act does not infringe the right of another, in the very nature of the case it must be constitutional, whether a private or a public act; and so far as all hu-man standards of measurement are concerned, it is not a wrong. H. F. PHELPS. Seriously Inconsistent. EDITOR SENTINEL: The impropriety and unconstitu-tionality of the position reported, by the Baltimore Daily American, to have been taken by President McKinley, has been well demonstrated in the SENTINEL. But there is another point which is worth considering. In the article to which reference is made (dated October 15, 1898) it is asserted that: "The Cuban priests, as in all countries whose population is densely ignorant, exercise complete control over their parishioners." Further on, reference is boldly made to the evil influence "that is in the power of a hostile clergy to exercise." Therefore it is their own admission that the only "dangerous ene-mies" that the United States Government will meet, if it does meet any such enemies, will be those same "Cu-ban priests." Now the priests of the Roman Catholic Church have always claimed to be the only true reprefientatives of the Lord Jesus Christ to this world. Christ was the very embodiment of peace, and the friend of every man in the world, and it is a puzzling question how anyone who represents Christ could in any way become the enemy of any man. The followers of Christ were often accused of treason and of stirring up insurrection. But when these charges were investigated it was always found that the only treason of which they were guilty was that, they taught men to worship the one true God, instead of the multitude of false gods which they were in the habit of worshiping; and that, instead of exciting insurrection, they patiently bore whatever came against them. Not only did they thus, themselves, set an example, but they also carefully taught their followers to do the same. We do not find the Apostle Paul, when he was unjustly held in prison at Phillipi, making trouble for the unjust goveror; and when it was intimated to him that for a sum of money he might be set free (Acts 24: 26), we do not see him preferring charges of corruption 