144 AM11-41]FtICA.INT VOL. 10, No. 18. NEW YORK, MAY 2, 1895. gar' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. J. B. THAYER, a Seventh-day Adventist, of Harriman, Roane County, Tenn., was ar-rested April 21, for Sabbath (Sunday) break-ing. His offense was planting potatoes. WITu this issue we complete the publication of Ex-Senator W. P. Tolley's petition to the Legislature of Tennessee, for the repeal of the oppressive Sunday law of that State. The petition is a masterly document. PROMPTNESS and rapidity are characteristic of this age. If you receive your SENTINEL a day sooner and it contains fresher news than formerly, ascribe it to a determination on the part of the publishers to keep abreast of the times. WE have received marked papers, denounc-ing the Tennessee persecutions, from every section of the country,Šfrom Martha's Vine-yard to San Francisco. Some of these appear on page 141. It is gratifying to note these candid and courageous protests against the violation of vital principles of justice. UNDER the head of a " Curious Sentence," the Glaigow Mail, of April 13, has this item: " The Supreme Court of Strasburg has con-firmed the sentence of one day's imprisonment passed upon the Protestant Pastor Muller, for having spoken offensively of the Roman Cath-olic religion in course of a sermon." LET it not be forgotten that while Seventh-day Adventists are being prosecuted in Ten-nessee for Sunday work, iron, furnaces, coke ovens, railroad trains and newspaper offices run as usual and are not interfered with. In Dayton, where eight Seventh-day Adventists were recently imprisoned, a large iron furnace is operated every Sunday, a Sunday paper is published, livery stables do business, trains are run, and nobody is disturbed, nobody is indicted; but an Adventist, three miles away in the hills, pulls fodder, and he is arrested and imprisoned for committing a nuisance! IN our issue of March 14, we had occasion to denounce the persecution of Robert G. Ingersoll by certain clergymen of Hoboken, N. J., who revived an old statute against blas-phemy, and attempted thereby to prevent Mr. Ingersoll from delivering his lecture against the Bible. In this article we carelessly at-tributed a mercenary motive to Mr. In-gersoll. This was unjust, both to Mr. In-gersoll and the SENTINEL. The SENTINEL has no power, no occasion and no right to sit in judgment on the motives of any man. The  SENTINEL is Christian, and Christ said: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." Ł MORE than forty years ago the people who publish the AMERICAN SENTINEL published to the world a prediction based on Scripture, that the time would come in the not distant future when the Sabbath question would be prominently before the country,Šthat it would be discussed in pulpit and press, and in legis-lative halls, and that the fruits of all this would be the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws and the persecution of seventh-day observers. Much of this is now being fulfilled and more soon will be. Die Rund-schau, a Lutheran paper, of wide circulation and influence, published in Chicago, intro-duces an editorial criticising the Sunday-law movement, with the following true statement of the present universal agitation of the ques-tion:Š In most States of the Union the Sunday question is once more a -burning one. Not only the subject, of discussion in the pulpit, in religious conventions, in the religious periodicals of the sects, in tracts and pamphlets, but also on the floors and in the committee chambers of legislatures. Almost everywhere there is a powerful movement afoot to effect the establishment or recognition of rigid Sunday laws. Thus there are, for example, before the New York Legislature alone, no less than six bills giving attention to this matter. General recognition of Sunday as a day of rest is sought, and the State is to effect the seine by means of legislation and by forcing all. to obey such legisla-tion. Such facts are indeed significant. REV. DR. SNYDER, of St. Louis, has this to say in the Globe-Democrat, of the seventh part of time theory which attempts to clothe the first day of the week with the authority of the fourth commandment:Š Rev. Mr. Kirtley preached recently on the fourth commandment, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy," and said: "The Sabbath institution that we have is the same institution given in Eden commanded through Moses, approved by Christ and observed by Christians." It is a perpetual wonder to me that in-telligent and well-informed people, like Mr. Kirtley, will continue to repeat that statement, year after year, and generation after generation. It is strikingly and singularly inaccurate. The Sabbath day of the old biblical dispensation is the seventh day of the week. Any Israelite would have been amazed to hear the suggestion that any man could observe the Sabbath on any other day. There is not a word or a hint in the Bible that observance of the Sabbath meant the ob-servance of one seventh of the time! It is stated in the Bible that the miracle Of the falling manna tes-tified to the sacredness of the specific twenty-four hours between sunset on Friday till sunset on Satur-day. To attempt to transfer all the sanctions of the Sabbath from the seventh day of the week to the first day is a monstrous perversion of the Scripture. There is not an advocate of the one day in seven theory but would ridicule such 'jugglery if he were the seventh son in his father's fam-ily to whom for good reasons had been willed a larger portion of the father's estate, and it was attempted to deprive him of the property on the ground that one son of the seven was all the will called for, and that it made no difference with which son the counting com-menced. A TENNESSEE paper, in the defense of the prosecution of the Adventists under the Sun-day law of that State, says: " We had just as well uphold the Mormons in their polygamous belief, as to sanction and support these Ad-ventists in their belief relative to the proper day to keep holy." This is-  a confession that the trouble is with the belief of the Adventists in relation to the 'day to be kept holy, and not with their prac-tice of working on Sunday. It explains like-wise why it is that others who work on Sunday are not prosecuted: it is because Sunday work by those who do not observe another day is not a protest against the substitution of Sunday for the Sabbath; while.  working on Sunday after having rested upon the seventh day is an emphatic protest against Sunday sacred-ness. It is the Sabbath rest coupled with the Sunday work that offends, and not the Sunday work itself. The reference in the quotation to Mormon-ism and Mormon polygamy is only for the purpose of exciting prejudice. Those who are troubled upon this question ought to send three cents to this office for " Religious Liberty and the Mormon Question," a twenty-page tract, showing the difference between Sunday laws and laws prohibiting polygamy. PRIEST ELLIOTT, of the " Paulist Fathers," who has been lecturing to non-Catholics in Michigan and Ohio, closes a summing up of the results of his efforts with the follow-ing in the Catholic World for April:Š In the many non-Catholic missions which we have given, nearly all of them in public halls, we have learned many strange things, but the strangest of all is the ripeness of the harvest. The fruit is so ripe that it is falling from the trees and is being carried away by every passer by. Even the religious perplex-ities among our countrymen, their very divisions and sub-divisions spring from their eagerness for the truth. They want to be holy with the holiness of Christ, and that makes them enter and then makes them leave one and now another denomination. They are a religious people who are accessible to Catholic argumentŠwould that all bishops, all provincials of communities, all priests and nuns, would write this fact on their hearts I Let it be posted up at every recruiting station of our Lord's peaceful army that the American people can be drawn to listen to this church. Let it be an-nounced in the seminaries, let it be placarded in the novitiates and colleges and scholasticates the world over: Behold, THE GREAT REPUBLIC; IT IS A FIELD WHITE FOR THE HARVEST. Priest Elliott manifests a commendable zeal, which, if exercised on the side of truth, would be a power for good. It is becoming more and more apparent that the American Repub-lic is looked upon by the pope and the papacy as the ripest and most important harvest field of the world. And the great scheme of the papacy is to capture the bell sheep of liberty's flock and thus make easy the scheme to corral all within the fold of the Vatican. It is a stu-pendous scheme and is succeeding. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 