"I demand one seventh of your time; it is the law of the land." "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I .117DGE SEW NOT."--trecus Christ. VOLUME 13. NEW YORK, JUNE 30, 1898. NUMBER 26. THE truest patriotism is not the noisiest. Š00Š A MAN'S time is an im-portant part of his wealth. Š00-- IT is the business of the church to invite, not to command. Š00Š THE gospel of force is the devil's counterfeit of the gospel of love. Š00Š NEITHER the church nor the state is the custodian of an individual's rights. Š00 IN gospel work, coercion is not a remedy for fail-ure in the line of persua-sion. Š00 THE church is effectual for righteousness only as she is energized with power from on high. Š00 Gon worked upon the first day of the week and he will not punish any one for doing what he has done himself Š00Š THE importantpiestion is, not what the country did for you a century ago, but what you are doing for the country to-day. " HIGHER criticism" will have to get a good deal higher than it is before it reaches the level of that Word which it professes to dissect. UNJUST TAXATION.ŠA century ago, our forefathers made war with Great Britain and declared their Independence, because they were required to pay an unjust, though very slight, Tax in Money. To-day, vast religious organizations purpose, through the Sunday Law, to impose upon the American People the enormous Tax of One Seventh of AU Their Time. This will become a reality if the Sunday Laws are revived and enforced. Will the American People submit to this most unjust Tax? Or will they declare their Independence? "WHOSOEVER will, let him take the water of life." Rev. 22:17. POLITICAL methods fin d no place in Christianity. Š00Š THE approval of con-science is worth more than the applause of the multitude. Š 0 0Š "CHnismIAN politics" combines the worst form of religion, with the worst form of politics. It isnot Christian in any sense. Š00--- THE Christian States-man, in an argument made to demonstrate the awful recklessness of deeds which constitute a desecration of Sunday, says that "Every battle begun on the Sabbath as a historical fact resulted disastrously to the ag-gressor." This was printed by the Statesman just about the time that news came of Dewey's great victory in Manila harbor, on Sunday. As a matter of fact, it is not histori-cally true that battles fought "on the Sabbath" have always resulted dis-astrously to the aggres-sor; but the engagement in Manila harbor, fresh in the minds of all Ameri-cans, should constitute a 