202 AMERICAN SENTINEL. better system. Strong law must be had for lawbreak- ers; but the real question is that as to whether Chris- tianity's life, light, and_love shall replace the dark-su- perstitions of a revived paganism." Ł formed, but a journal devoted to the interests of the GENERAL LEW WALLACE, the well-known American liquor trade may usually be taken as reliable authority in a matter directly pertaining to that business. soldier and statesman, proposes the following as a Six- *nth Amendment to the national Constitution:Š town devotes a whole column to advertising its fine line of liquors, with no mention of its medicines."' ! * * Possibly the Wine and Spirit News has been misin- Ł Ł A WRITER in the Catholic Mirror says of the "duty of a citizen in war time," that "The decision of Con-gress fixes the duty of every American citizen." When Congress has declared war, then "whatever he may think of it" as being right or wrong, he has no "right to refuse his aid in giving it effect." Such sentiments are not out of place in a Catholic journal, because the Catholic system is altogether dif-ferent from republicanism, and is based on the principle of submission in all things to human authority. But this is not, the doctrine of free government nor of Chris-tianity. Congress does not fix duty for any citizen in the matter of killing people, or in any matter covered by the moral law. The Bible says, "Fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man." Congress can neither add to this nor take from it. The commandment says, "Thou shalt not kill;" and to say that any body of men can by a vote make it the duty of men to kill their fellow-men, is to say that man can repeal the law of God; which to the Christian is the height of error, however it may appear to the atheist or the believer in papal claims. The members of Congress are not chosen to prescribe duty for the people who put them in office. They are chosen to represent the people in the business of gov-ernment, which in this country is to take such action as is, necessary to preserve the rights of the people. The representatives derive all their authority from the people, and the people themselves are their own rulers. The sphere of civil gove-rnment is the preserva-tion of rights and not the defining or enforcing of moral duties. A WRITER quoted in the Union Signal makes a plea for the application of Christianity, in the place of the club of law, as a cure for the spreading evil of Mormon-ism:Š "Mormonism constitutes one of the most urgent problems of the day. Utah and the common Mormon people have great possibilities of good; the Mormon system is satanic. The common people are very largely sincere, deluded persons, blinded by priestcraft; yet they have minds, feelings, capabilities, and an endless destiny like our own. They will never be clubbed into a "ARTICLE XVI. "SECTION 1. The United States shall, not in any-manner acquire, hold, maintain, provide for or exercise jurisdiction or sovereignty,  over any island, territory or country now foreign, except with the consent of the people of the United States first had. "SECTION 2. In cases of territorial expansion here-after proposed the will of the people of the United States, required by the foregoing section, shall be determinable at elections, to be provided by Congress, and in every instance the President shall proclaim the result; where-upon, if there be a majority for the proposition, the Constitution shall, from the day of the proclamation, extend to the island, territory or country admitted, and to its inhabitants." Sunday Agitation in Chicago. THE Sunday agitation in Chicago has reached an-other stage. A call has been issued by the Illinois Journeymen Barbers' Protective Association, in which the west side boss barbers are to have the use of the rooms of the association, at 118 5th avenue during the afternoon of Sunday, May 6, the west side bosses May 13, the north eiders May 20 and the downtown barbers May 27. It is expected that the Sunday-closing propo-sition will be discussed and a vote taken as to closing shops. If this is decided on the bosses must ballot regarding making the closing permanent or only putting it in force during the summer season." Business agent J. Lucas of the association, said in a recent interview:Š "It is not the intention to enforce the State law as to Sunday closing without due notice to the bosses. The boss barbers of each part of the city shall decide among themselves. There will be a contract that the bosses are expected to sign, and a violation of its terms means a fine of $5 a chair for each offense." The fact is that the State Sunday law is a mere wreck, and that is the only reason why appeal has not been made to it long ere this to force Sunday observance on all the people because it is desired by a part of the people. There is nothing in all the catalogue of things claim-ing to be moral that has lass conscience in it than the Sunday agitation. It is true that a great many people have real conscientious convictions concerning Sunday; but there are many more whose convictions are so weak that they are unwilling to risk anything for the sake of 