JAN. 19, 1893. AM  1114 ILCIC 21 visions against " profanation " or " dese-cration." But only a sacred thing can be profaned or desecrated; and whether a thing be sacred or not is altogether a matter of religion. So that to punish profanation or desecration is to punish an offense against religion as such. That Sunday laws are passed on reli-gious grounds is perfectly well known to every reasonable person. Mr. Tiedeman correctly says : " The most common form of legal interference in matters of reli-gion is that which requires the observ-ance of Sunday as a holy day. In these days the legal requirements do not usually extend beyond the compulsory cessation of labor, the maintenance of quiet upon the streets and the closing of all the places of amusements; but the public spirit which calls for the compulsory observance of these regulations, is the same, which in the colonial days of New England, im-posed a fine for an unexcused absence from divine worship. Although other reasons have been assigned for the State regulation of the observance of Sunday in order to escape the constitutional ob-jections that can be raised against it if it takes the form of a religious institution, those who are most active in securing the enforcement of the Sunday laws do so because of the religious character of the day, and not for any economical reason. . . . The effectiveness of the laws is measured by the influence of the Chris-tian idea of Sunday as a religious insti-tution."f So says Judge Cooley: " It is clear that these laws are supportable on authority notwithstanding the inconve-nience which they occasion to those whose religious sentiments do not recognize the sacred character of the first day of the week."I And what is this but saying, and saying with perfect correctness, that Sunday laws simply embody the views of those who do recognize the " sacred " character of the first day of the week, and are therefore passed on religious grounds alone? " The Jew," says Judge Cooley in a previous paragraph, " may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his religion, and, by forcing him to keep a second Sabbath in each week unjustly, though by indirection, punishes him for his belief." Why " plausibly " Is not the discrimination perfectly plain? May it not be conclusively urged? (To be continued.) Just the Facts in the Case. No one at all observing can fail to see that there is a growing disregard for Sun-day as a day of religious worship, and in spite of the increase of churches and the multiplicity of pastors, the tide is not checked, but rather as was recently ex-pressed in these columns by a typical National Reformer, " W e can hardly tell now when our holy Sunday comes." What is the matter ? It is simply this, there is no divine authority for such an observance, and the people are beginning to find it out; and having found it out, what is more natural than that it should lose its sacredness in the minds of those who had previously regarded it as of divine appointment. One of the things that this enforced Sunday rest agitation is developing is this very fact; and when e. g." Wood v. Brooklyn, 14 Barb., 425; Lindenmuller's Case, 33 Barb., 548; Nenendorfi v. Duryea, 69 N. Y., 557; Nes-bit's Case, 34 Pa., 86. tLimitations of Police Power, pp. 175-6, see 76. The italics are those of the present writer, here and in other citations. #Constitutional Limitations, p. 385, ch. 13 (Ed. 1890.) the real facts are brought to the attention of those who are clamoring for a Sunday law, the same old spirit is aroused that had possession of the persecutors of the early Christians, and wherever possible, manifests itself in about the same way. As a specimen of how some of the press is air-ing this subject, the following from the Davenport (Iowa) Democrat is submitted : It is amusing to hear the Massachusetts con-gressman, Elijah Morse, warn the American people against the opening of the doors of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday because of the disregard of the Decalogue command to remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. This command, he says, was handed down by Jehovah unto the sons of the earth amid the thunderings of Sinai. Let it be admitted that such was the fact, what then? The Massachusetts man knows, or ought to know, that the command that he quotes as being binding to an extreme degree upon the sons of men, through all the generations, had no reference whatever to Sunday, any more than it had to Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday. It referred to the seventh day, and every Biblical or other scholar knows that the seventh day of the Decalogue was Saturday and not Sunday. There seems to be no conscientious gleam in the congressman's mind about keeping  the Fair open the Sinaiatic Sabbath day. His pleading is for the pagan day of worshipŠthe day so dear to the sun-worshiperŠeven Sunday. He and all the Christian world disregard the Sabbath with a perfect recklessness, and defy the seventh day of rest from birth to death. He is clearly out of the case, and is not to be regarded with the least degree of seriousness. It is evident that by means of this con- troversy thousands are being made ac-quainted with the fact that Sunday is not the Sabbath by divine appointment, but that it rests only upon human authority. W. E. CORNELL. Ł Bearing False Witness. THE following is from the Pacific Meth-odist Advocate, published in San Fran-cisco, California:Š A PESTILENTIAL SECT. A body of Seventh-day Adventists packed the meeting of the American Sabbath Union at Chicago last week, and, when the ballot on Sabbath observ-ance at the World's Fair was taken, voted a small majority against the resolution. The effrontery of these people is something amazing. Both self-respect and a sense of justice should have kept them out of a petitioning religious meeting, with the principles of which they were notoriously at vari-ance. They were led by a man well known on this coast as a bitter foe to the civil Sabbath, and insin-uated themselves into the meeting in violation of every rule of social decency. Ingersoll and his sym-pathizers could as properly assume to take part in the deliberations of the Evangelical Alliance. And yet the secular papers announce that the resolutions were defeated by the friends of the Sabbath. A pestilential sheet, known as the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL, the organ of this school, has been for several years past fulminating maledictions against this Government for even recognizing such a day as the Sabbath. It would sweep every vestige of the institution away. It is a malevolence rarely sur-passed. Nobody objects to these people keeping Saturday as their day of rest ; but the impudence of Lucifer is equaled in their effort to rob this Nation of its best badge of civilization and Christianity. Our old readers will remember that the facts concerning this meeting were pub-lished in these columns three weeks ago. We shall, however, state them very briely again. The meeting which, according to the Advocate, the Adventists packed, was not a meeting of the American Sabbath Union, but was advertised as a " mass-meeting," and everybody was -invited. Of course anybody who wanted to go had a perfect right not only to be present but to vote, The meeting, though advertised as a "mass-meeting," was so very slimly at-tended that only about one hundred persons were present, and but little more than two-thirds of those present took interest enough in the proceedings to vote. When the  resolutions were presented the Adventists could not endorse them, and so voted against them, as they had a perfect right to do; and greatly to their surprise de-feated themŠbeing a majority of those voting, though as a matter of fact they were probably only a minority of the whole number present. There was no packing about it. The Adventists simply attended the meeting because it was held in the quarter of the city in which they reside, and because they wanted to hear what was said. They evidently made no effort to " pack " the meeting else they would have had present a much larger number than they did have, for they certainly had no idea that a mass-meeting in the city of Chicago would con-sist of less than one hundred persons, and that such a meeting could be controlled by less than fifty persons. In the light of these statements to which the common sense of every man who reads them must assent, what must be thought of the religious paper that would publish such a tirade of abuse as is here quoted from the Pacific Methodist Advocate. C. P. B. Sounds the Warning. [This article is from the Coming Age, a religious paper published in Los Angeles, Cal., by Rev. Thomas Haskins, D. D., of the Protestant Episcopal Church.] AGAIN we give much space to extracts from the AMERICAN SENTINEL. That journal is set for the defense of our civil and religious liberties, and its warning voice at this time deserves to be heeded. It is possible that this country is passing through, if it has not already passed, a crisis in its destiny, which is to determine its fortunes for the future. Taken up, as its people are, with the little affairs of every day life, they do not realize that it has been drifting away from the principles upon which it was founded, and that its Government has fallen under a divine sen- tence as inexorable as that of Babylon under Belshazzer, or of Jerusalem when the Saviour went out of the Temple. The question hinges on religion. Strange as it may seem, if the position taken by the SENTINEL be the correct one, and we confess we think it is, the efforts which a misguided and blinded religious public have been making to save the nation, are to be its destruction. It was founded by the children of men who had come out of the fires of persecution, amid the ashes of governments consumed by God's punitive justice for interfering in his spiritual government of the heart and conscience; and intended by them to be forever a civil government distinct from religion, but it has now, by a singular combination of events, been declared to be, by the three co-ordinate branches of government, ju-dicial, legislative and executive, a reli- gious power, with authority to legislate on religious matters, and, of course, to execute penalties. One would suppose with the open book of history before a nation not much over a century old, such an event would have stirred the people to the highest pitch of excitement and have rekindled fires from the stuff of which martyrs are made, but the most singular circumstance is that the great mass of the people do not know that the Constitution of our country has been subverted, and what is worse, they do not care. The SENTINEL has pointed out how this has been brought about, and the SEN- 