166 A.mEn.re_A_N sENTiritNimr,. VoL. 8, No. 21. the streets with obscene dodgers. One of these blasphemous advertisements being shown to the president of the Carroll Institute, Mr. Ed. J. Han-nan, that gentleman and Mr. M. I. Weller, chair-man of the committee on Catholic interests, called on the District Commissioners to protest against permission being granted for the vile lecture, the character of which was indicated by the dodger. In another editorial on the same sub-ject, the editor says :Š The sudden appearance of these disreputable scoundrels in so many cities shows a preconcerted movement on the part of the A. P. A., and we may expect that the nuisance will continue until it be suppressed by the police authorities, as other nuisances and obscene performances are prohibited. What is the meaning of all this ? The , District Commissioners and the police are invoked to keep some poor ex-priest, hired, as is intimated, by the American Protestant Association, from insulting and disturbing the authorities of Carroll Institute and the committee on Catholic interests. But let me quote from Prof. Jones' speech: " A union of Church and State is where the ecclesiastical power controls the civil power, and 'uses the civil power in its own interests." This is in harmony with our Federal Constitution. Now, that Constitution is the fruit of Protestantism and is exactly in line with the bill for establishing reli-gious freedom in Virginia, which has been called the civil definition of Protest-antism. It was written by Thomas Jefferson, and is one of the three things mentioned in the inscription on his tomb; the other two being the founding of the University of Virginia and the writing of the Declaration of, Independence. It is in the twelfth volume of Hening's Statutes at Large, and is as follows:- 1. WHEREAS Almighty God hath created the mind freeŠthat all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil in-capacitations tend only to beget habits of hypoc-risy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the Holy Author of our religion who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to prop-agate it by coercions on either, as it was in his almighty power to do. That the impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who, being themselves but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such endeavor-ing to impose them upon others, has established and maintained false religions over the greatest part of the world and through all time. That to compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propagations of opinions which he disbelieves is sinful and tyrannical. That even the forcing him to support this or that teacher of his own religious persuasion is depriv-ing him of the comfortable liberty of giving his contributions to the particular pastor whose morals he would make his pattern, and whose powers he feels most persuasive to righteousness ; and is withdrawing from the ministry those temporary rewards which, proceeding from an approbation of their personal conduct, is an additional incite-ment to earnest and unremitting labor for the instruction of mankind. That our civil rights have no dependence on onr religious opinions, any more than our opinions in physics or geometry, and therefore the proscribing of any citizen as unworthy of public confidence by lay-ing upon him an incapacity of being called to offices of trust and emolument unless he profess or renounce this or that religious opinion, is depriving him injuriously of those privileges and advantages to which in common with his fellow-citizens he has a natural right, and that it tends only to corrupt the principles of that religion which it is meant to encourage, by bribing with a monopoly of worldly honors and emoluments those who will externally profess and conform to it; and while indeed those are criminal who do not withstand such tempta-tion, yet neither are those guiltless who lay the bait in their way. That to suffer the civil magistrate to intrude his powers into the field of opinion, and to restrain the profession or propagation of principles on sup-position of their ill tendency is a dangerous fallacy which at once destroys all religious liberty be- cause he, being of course judge of that tendency, will make his opinions the rule of judgment, and approve or condemn the sentiments of others only as they shall square with or differ from his own; and it is time enough for the rightful purposes of civil government for its officers to interfere when principles break out into overt acts against peace and good order. And finally, that truth is great and will prevail if left to itself ; that it is the proper and sufficient antagonist of error, and has nothing to fear from the conflict, unless by human interposition dis-armed of its natural weapons, free argument and debateŠerrors ceasing to be dangerous when it is permitted freely to contradict them. 2. Be it enacted by the General Assembly, that no man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatso-ever, nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burdened in his body or goods, nor shall other-wise suffer on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion; and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capaci-ties. 3. And though we well know that this Assembly, elected by the people for the ordinary purposes of legislation only, have no power to restrain the acts of succeeding assemblies constituted with powers equal to our own ; and that therefore to declare this act to be irrevocable would be of no effect in law; yet we are free to declare that the rights hereby asserted are among the natural rights of mankind, and that if any act shall be hereafter passed to repeal the present, or to narrow its operation, such act will be an infringement of natural right. I submit this Act as a reply to the Church News and to Father O'Gorman. It is a weightier document than the Dec-laration of IndependenceŠweightier than the Augsburg ConfessionŠweightier than any other deliverance heard in this world since those mighty words in reply to the Pharisees were uttered: " Render there-fore unto Caesar the things which are Cgesar's ; and unto God the things which are God's." In fact, it is the American interpretation of the words of Christ by the greatest statesman who has lived in the world since the death of Christ. It ought to be familiar to every American citizen. It ought to be bound up in the same volume with Prof. Jones'Ł great speech and scattered broadcast. JOSEPH BRADFIELD. A Law Without a Penalty. CONGRESS passed a law closing the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday. But the law has no penalty. Hitherto a law in this Nation destitute of a penalty, had no legal or civil force. It remains to be seen whether this one closing the Fair will have any force or not. There is seemingly a penalty attached to the law if the gates of the Fair are opened on Sunday. But a more than strange fea-ture of the penalty is that if the Board of Managers should open the gates on Sun-day, they would not be held for the pen-alty, but Congress would withhold the $2,500,000 appropriation. Or in other words Congress imposes a fine of $2,500,-000 on itself if the religious ideas of Con-gress are not carried out. But dissenters from this congressional Christianity need not borrow any trouble about the real penalty that will soon follow. As the law making Sunday the Sabbath of the Nation was unconstitutional, the penalty must also be unconstitutional. The civil power has been surrendered to the churches, chief of which is the Roman Catholic, and they can and will manu-facture penalties to suit every emergency and boycott them through, the same as they boycotted the Congress of the United States. But outside of, and be-yond, the penalty to be visited upon all  those who dissent from such a mongrel deformity, there is a penalty that the Nation will pay, namely : the downfall of the Nation. In the making of this a "Christian Nation," the Nation is di-vided against itself. Lincoln said that American slavery divided this Nation against itself and that slavery or the Na-tion must fall. And so it was. Slavery died and the Nation lives. But you may ask how the establishment of a national religion affects the destiny of a nation. The answer is easy. The Supreme Court violated the spirit of the Constitution in deciding that this is a " Christian Na-tion," and the churches and Congress did the same thing to establish a national religion. The result is that Congress and the churches and the Supreme Court are arrayed in deadly antagonism against each other, and one or the other or all together will die in the terrible struggle for supremacy. A greater than Lincoln said: " A kingdom divided against itself can not stand." The words of Jesus are more enduring than earthy kingdoms and thrones, more so than heaven and earth, for these shall pass away with a great noise, but his word abideth forever. The Constitution is practically deadŠa thing of the past. Without the consent of the American people, Church and State have been united, and the image to the beastŠthe papal power, a national hierarchy of religion, sits enthroned in power, where once sat our proud queen of nations. Our proud bird is dead, our brilliant stars have faded from their azure sky, our triple bars,Šthe red white, and blue,Šhave faded to a "scarlet colored beast," in the tide of persecution that is inunda- ting the land. T. A. OPPY. Greely, Colo., May 6, 1893. Sunday Observance. LOUISVILLE is mildly excited over the question of the observance of Sunday. Two distinguished clergymen recently visited that gambler-ridden town and addressed the meeting of the American Sabbath Union, which, notwithstanding its name, insists on observance of the first day of the week instead of the sev-enth. But the addresses were earnest if neither eloquent nor abounding in new ideas and the meeting adjourned in the determination to keep up the agitation. It is true there is some quasi amiable criticism of the fact that the sum of $250 was levied, on the meeting for the pur-pose of defraying the expenses attend-ant on the visit and addresses of the two gentlemen, and because one of the two took occasion to advertise the fact that the other had published a book and was the editor of a paper for both of which he solicited subscribers, and offered at special rates; but that stroke of business is, perhaps, not to be condemnedŠit was a matter of propriety of which the rev-erend gentlemen must be the judges. The principal Sunday violation to which the attention of the meeting was called was the Sunday newspaper. Rev. Mr. Crafts announced that the Sunday paper was being rapidly suppressed in his city, Pittsburg, under a law which prohibits secular labor, and Rev. H. H. George advised that it be placed under a ban of the civil law. Rev. George was the companion of Mr. Crafts and was the gentleman who called attention to the book and newspaper of his colleague and the advantageous club rates, failing, 