MERICAN SENTIN AMERICAN SENTINEL  in all his personality as. the Saviour of men. The wafer is thus escorted to the four corners of the square, and successively placed upon the four altars and adored- by the people. The bands play airs from the operas, or other classical music, and all these things together make a scene of noise and confusion, mingled with some little idea of reverence among -the people for the wafer god, and all combine to fill the mind with the idea that this is the Night of true worship, all that will be needed formany days to assure them of forgiveness of sin and justification before God. "Evidence of the control which the priests [of whom there are about two thousand in this cityl have over the people may be seen every day in the streets. When a Catholic who has faithfully supported the church is -thought to be dying, the last sacrament is sent to him. A priest goes in a coach, clad in robes of white; the driver sits in front with uncovered head, and by his side is a boy, also uncovered, who continually rings a bell as the coach is driven through the streets. At the sound of this bell business is for the time suspended. The merchant turns from his customer and kneels at his counter; the driver and conductor of the street-car stop the car and also kneel; the passengers who are Catholics follow their example, and the people who may be passing.through the streets immediately kneel and cross themselves. To be sure, there are many in the cars and in the street who do no reverence, but the faithful are expected,  to do so. There was a time, and not many years ago, when it was unsafe to be in the street and not recognize with due rev-erence this priest with the sacrament. The hat which was not removed was often knocked off by some zealot. But the sentiment against all these processions is growing, and one now hears only the muttered curse of the bystander, or of the priest if he fail to salute him. " Other processions and extravagances could be men-tioned, but these suffice to show the trend of all the wor-ship, toward that which is outward and ceremonial, to the neglect of the inward heart religion. And it is almost needless to relate the consequences in the lives of the peo-ple of this externalism. It has beep many times exem-plified in history, and with always the same result. The Greek and Roman world, at the coming of Christ, in the depths of iniquity to which they had descended, were reaping the results of their superstitious formalism. The Pharisees made long prayers and gave tithes, but the Lord compared their hearts to charnel houses. The Chileans are a very religious people, so far as regards the observance of the outward form, but their lives show that they are strangers to the new birth which Christ de-clan d to be essential. -Mendacity is fearfully prevalent; theft comes as a second nature; the Sabbath is made a day of recreation, and the morals of the social life are very low indeed. "And yet these are a splendid people. Many are breaking away from Catholicism, and many more secretly despise it. But, disgusted with this, the only religion of which they know, they fall away into French atheism or German rationalism, and cannot be reached. The whole of Chile is open to evangelization, and there are urgent calls in many parts. And, could any one-who doubts the need of missionaries but see the degradation and spirit_ ual poverty of the people, not only in Chile, but from Panama to Cape Horn, there can be no question that these doubts would vanish. India needs missions, and  Africa; the Japanese and Chinese should be heard in their call for the gospel; other lands are in dire need of the water of life; but shall South America, blessed by na-ture in so many ways, but blighted by man, be left in darkness?" A SPECIAL SENTINEL. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL of April 29 will contain matter of a character to entitle it to a very large circu-lation. The first article, by A. T. Jones, will be a reply to the charge of sedition made against the AMERICAN SENTINEL. This article will show that the enemies of the American principle of separation of Church and State are really the ones guilty of sedition. Another article entitled " Murder and the Millennium" will present the awful increase in the murder record of the country, notwithstanding the majority of church leaders declare that the world is growing better. This article will show that while the Church is devoting its time to fighting crime instead of sin, crime is increasing. A third article entitled "General Grant and Religious Liberty," will present the clear utterances of this great statesman on separation of Church and State. This ar-ticle will be illustrated with a fine cut of General Grant, and another of the new tomb which will be dedicated April 27, an event of international interest. Steps should be taken to sell this number on the street and from house to house. This issue will contain at least six appropriate illustrations. Extra copies can be secured by addressing your State Tract Society, or the SENTINEL direct, at the usual price, $1.00 per hundred, $8.00 per thousand. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. O. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing  Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uneompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty association. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six month:, - Three - .25 ADDRESS. AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York. 