THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 189 they lead them into the dust and turmoil of political actions, where the soul becomes smirched and loses its power to rise to heavenly contemplations. Let the Church hold high and fast the standard of Christ's cross; and let this be the first and main work of the Christian Church, and then the people will be better fitted to discharge the personal duties which belong to them, both as men and citizens. So will the Church best work to purify our politics, and to serve the State. Look at the sequel of Hamilcar taking his boy, Hannibal, nine years old, and laying the child's hands upon the altar and teaching him to swear eternal hatred to Rome. Hannibal, a man, became Rome's invincible enemy. He maintained his army for seventeen years in the very heart of Italian territory, and as long as he lived, even when he was without an army, in exile, his very name was a terror to the Roman Senate. So the Church, in relation to the social and moral evils of the day, has no higher or more hopeful duty than by hearth-stone and altar to imbue the hearts of the Nation's children with the unpictured horrors of, and with unchanging enmity toward, these evils. If the Christian Church will promptly discharge her great responsibility here, then from the cradles of the present shall arise the Hercules-like victors who shall rid the coming civ-ilization from the power of these evils. "This Evil Concern." THIS reprint from the Christian Nation, of June 1, does not need any comment. " We give an extract recently sent by THE AMERICAN SENTINEL of this city to the students of the University of Ann Ar-bor, Mich THE SENTINEL deplores any attempt on the part of Christianity to secure political favors, as a con-fession of weakness which must be humiliating to every true Christian, and a just cause of reproach to every non-Christian. It believes with Madison that "religion and government will both exist in greater purity the less they are mixed together." Hence from a patriotic conviction of duty it is un-alterably opposed to any movement which looks to an alliance between them. That there are decided tendencies in this direction at the present time may be easily seen (the proposition to close the World's Fair by law on Sunday is a good example) and every loyal citizen must sooner or later determine his own attitude toward such questions. Thus THE AMERICAN SENTINEL occupies an important field in that it discusses them fully and impartially. " Some idea of the extent to which this evil concern has pushed the circulation of its pernicious literature may be had by reading the following clipping :Š In publishing work they are especially strong, operating five large houses located at Battle Creek, Mich. ; Oakland, Cal. ; Basel, Switzerland; Christi-ana, Norway, and Melbourne, Australia. They have also branch houses in London, England; Chi-cago, Ill; New York City, and Toronto, Canada. These houses print papers and books in 14 lan-guages. The present worth of the four principal publishing houses is estimated to be $03,261.03. Their literature consists of many bound volumes, pamphlets and tracts, from the $4 subscription book to the penny leaflet. About 1,200 canvassers will be engaged in selling the books of the denomi-nation the present season (1892), and the sales now reach annually over $700,000. " Referring to this notice and clipping we have received the following letter from a student at the University :Š Mn. J. W. PRITCHARDŠDear Friend : A few days ago I received the inclosed notice from the Ann Arbor agency of THE SENTINEL. They seem to be supplying all the students and people of the town. The inclosed slip shows their publica-tion work. We stand as a church for the idea that an oath to the United States Constitution or any  unchristian Constitution is a dishonor to Christ. About all the chance the voters of this country have had to hear this truth is from our own church pul-pits. Possibly we have reached about 10,000 voters in this way, which is less than one in 1,200. Yet we wonder why the work moves slowly. Yours, J. H. C. "Times without number, in private and in these columns, we have insisted on the necessity for a wider distribution of our literature, for more aggressive National Reform work by our church as a church along our high water mark lines, and for the ultimate establishment of a publica-tion house on a sufficiently generous plan to enable us to reach all Christian people with our arguments, We must get among the people, get our literature into their hands, our arguments into their heads, and persuade their hearts by our zeal for their salvation." Ł +  *  Some Queer Old Laws. " UNCLE JOE " Brown, of the County Clerk's office, is one of the queerest men in the court house, and also one of the best informed. Whenever any question of an especially puzzling nature comes up for settlement and no one else can answer it the seekers for information go back to the room where " Uncle Joe " works, and he explains it to their satisfaction. This sort of procedure is a matter of daily oc-currence, and the old gentleman's encyclo-pedical knowledge is proverbial. Ł The other day after a delegation of in-formation-seekers had learned what they were in search of they hung around " Uncle Joe's " desk to hear some of his reminiscences which their questions called up fresh to his memory. " It is strange how the old laws cling to the statute books," he said meditatively. " In the Eastern States many of the strict colonial laws stand unrepealed on the books. Of course where they conflict with the more advanced ideas of to-day they have become dead letters. I was the victim of an attempt to revive one of the old statutes myself when I lived in Wash-ington City a good many years ago. I was the manager of the Washington Gas Works, and some religious enthusiasts brought a prosecution against me for vio-lating the Sabbath by operating the works on Sunday. I knew that unless the works ran on Sunday there would be no gas on Monday night, and on the ground of pub-lic necessity felt sure I would be sustained in the suit. " To my surprise I found the law not only exactly against me, but learned that it was supplemented with severe penalties. For the first offense the penalty was a heavy fine, and for each succeeding offense a term of imprisonment. I finally had to settle the case out of court by the pay-ment of a considerable Slim  of money and the granting of some concessions. That law still stands on the books, but I have heard of no attempt to enforce it since my unhappy experience. "The queerest of the ancient laws which has been allowed to remain unrepealed in the District of Columbia is one which makes it a crime to deny belief in the Holy Trinity, and fixes the punishnient at im-prisonment. If that law was suddenly put into force to-day it would cause a lively agitation. It was on the books when John Quincy Adams was President of the United States, and he was a pro-nounced Unitarian. Every Sunday he would go to the little Unitarian Church down on Sixth Street and lead in the sing- ing. There was a strange spectacle dur-ing all that administration of the Presi-dent of the United States living in open violation of the law."ŠIndianapolis News. Mr. Crafts and the Printers. UNDER the sub-head of " Compositors and Pressmen," in the Christian States-man, of May 24, 1892, I find the following statement :Š The seven-days' newspaper means seven days labor for hundreds of hard working men every week. " Nine out of every ten of us want the seventh day of re,t," say these toilers. This statement will excite nothing but contempt for Mr. Crafts among printers, not only because of his ignorance of the con-ditions that surround them, but for his self-appointed championship of them and their wants. The fact is, every printer knows that there is no such thing as seven days continuous work for compositors on seven-day morning papers. By a law of the In-ternational Union a printer can only work six days continuously; on the seventh day after six days of continuous labor his case must be represented by some one else, for at least twenty-four hours. Each man is left free to select his period of rest, so asŁ not to hinder the progress of the business. Thus Mr. Crafts could hold cases on the morning paper (if his intelligence was such as would pass muster), and not work on Sunday or any other one day out of the week. But not only is Mr. Crafts' position ab-surd on the foregoing proposition, but it is foolish and uncalled for from the con-sideration that no printer on a morning paper ever really works more than five days in the week,Šconsideration not only for his own health, but a desire to give the poor " sub " a chance for a living weighs more with the printer than any law Mr. Crafts could ever have enacted. Instead of the printers appealing to Mr. Crafts for help in these premises, they do not need his guardianship in any respect whatever. They are not only abundantly able to take care of themselves, but they can see through the flimsy drapery of the subterfuge that would use them as cat's paws to secure his coveted union of Church and State. Mr. Crafts must not assume that printers are ignorant of the past. They have fortunately read some history, and know how " the successors of the prophets " have used laws which were se-cured by just such base and fraudulent means to oppress the innocent, and they know, too, that the darkest crimes upon the pages of history were perpetrated by these so-called "successors," etc., when they had secured power. Mr. Crafts is not only ridiculous, but his mistaken zeal has made him foolish. R. W. ROBERSON. As Observed. POLICE JUSTICEŠWell, officer, what is the charge ? Police officerŠBreakin' the Sunday law, yer 'Anner. P. J.ŠHow is that ? P. O.ŠShure, he was tryin' to get into O'Connor's be th' frunt door instead uv the family intrance. ŠPuck. IT is in darkness that one should carry a light. 