ERICAN ENTIN oki1,1,1111ii $111 11, 1011i11 * l* 141,11 "IF ANY MAN BEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 2, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 34. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. AWAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those wh.o have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) "WE ought to obey God rather than men." THE State is political; Christianity is not and cannot be, political. CHRISTIANITY knows but one creed, and that is. "1 be-lieve the word of the Lord." IT is not possible that "civil righteousness" should be either civil or righteous. THE aim of the SENTINEL is to be intolerant of no man, and tolerant of no wrong principle. THERE can never be any permanent national pros-perity which does not go hand in hand with justice. FROM a political point of view, there is no subject more important, or one less understood, than that of natural rights. LOOKING towards the Christian's country, the view is the same in all countries. Hence the Christian can feel as much at home in one part of the earth as in another. THE man who asks people to believe that the first day, or any day, is as good as the seventh day which God sanctified, asks them to put no difference between a holy thing and that which is common. Fashion in religion, like fashion in anything else, is of the devil. Religious legislation is always an effort to force people to follow the religious fashions of the times. IN secular matters the minority can properly ac-quiesce in the decision of the majority; but in religious matters this cannot be. In religion no matt can determ-ine duty for his neighbor; the majority cannot decide for the minority. Hence a civil government cannot justly undertake to be religious. Science With the Bible, and Without the Bible. SALVATION is the one great subject of the Bible. Other things are referred to, and to some extent dis-cussed in the Bible; but always in subordination to the one great and only subject, which is Salvation. Salvation itself is science, and while this is treated in the Bible as the one great scienceŠthe science of sciences Šyet other sciences are not ignored, but are often re-ferred to. It is true that in the Bible no science is considered without God; yet this is nothing against its being science. The idea of science without God is a vain and fallacious thing, infinitely more incongruous than the drama of Hamlet with Hamlet left out. It is a palpable contra-diction, for how can there be true knowledge where the very Source of knowledge is ignored? In all science without God, "There is a painful uncer-tainty, a constant searching and reaching for assurances that can be found only in God." In all the discussions of such science there is betrayed a conscious inability, some-times acknowledged, to trace things back to the first great principle, to that which is fixed and final, and where the mind can rest in assured certainty. In the Bible, however, that is, in science with God, there is none of thisuncertainty. In that there is no feel-ing about for a standing place ;,there are no proffers of "a working hypothesis ;" but everything is placed at 