356 AMERICAN SENTINEL. claim to speak for any "civil" institution. Also, that it asks the Government to "set the example of reverence for the Lord's day," and thusŠas it saysŠ"evoke a di-vine blessing upon itself and the whole country," and "put such a stamp of condemnation upon all acts of pub-lic desecration of the sabbath" as would give life to "all proper Sunday laws, State and municipal." As the matter now stands, these State and municipal Sunday statutes are for the most part shorn of their in-tended force by their manifest hostility to the spirit of the Constitution, which declares that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, nor prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The Postmaster-General is asked by this petition to take a step which will commit the Government to the recognition and enforce-ment of religion, and thus get over the objection offered by the Constitution.. All this is plain enough to the view of any person who will look at the facts; and that such undisguised Church-and-State demands are being made upon the Government is a fact which should cause American citizens who love liberty and believe in the separation of Church and State,  to do some serious thinking. ON the question of the danger of losing the Sabbath an exchange makes this pertinent comment : " 'Our Sab_ bath in danger' is the note of alarm sounded by the clergy. The Sabbath will not be in danger so long as nobody is prohibited from keeping it. As for Sunday, the indications are that it will continue to recur once a week for some time to come." 11, 41-4. A Menace to Liberty. " OPEN the Convents," says the Michigan Christian Advocate, of May 22, in commenting upon the death of an unfortunate inmate of one of those institutions, while attempting to escape. The victim was a young woman twenty-two years of age, and her death resulted from injuries caused by leaping from a second-story window of the "Convent of the Good Shepherd," in Indianapolis, Ind. The Advocate says it is scandalous that such things can happen in "the land of the free." It is very true that such happenings are altogether incompatible with the theory upon which this Govern-ment assumes to stand, and such involuntary servitude should be at once abolished, by the strong arm of the law. To quote the Advocate's word, "Ecclesiastical prisons are not compatible with civil liberty. Barred doors, rusty keys, dark recesses, unscalable walls, mys-terious secrecy, are forbidding enough under State aus-pices. . . . What was the American Government established for, anyway? If Spanish institutions are to be fostered and perpetuated here, Columbus might as well have refrained from his big discovery." But what the liberty-loving people of this country need to realize is that more formidable than all the ecŁ  clesiastical prisons which Rome maintains, as a menace to American liberty, is the presence of Romish principles in the beliefs and practices of the American people. While these principles remain to enslave the understand-ing, there can be no safety for that personal liberty which is lost behind barred doors and unscalable walls. 4 .4 THERE is reported to be a great surplus in the minis_ try of the Protestant church, no less than four hundred applications having been received for one pulpit in,New York City. Nevertheless there is no surplus in the num-ber who are preaching the glad tidings of salvation to sinners, or who are ministering to their unfortunate 41-low-beings in the name of Jesus Christ. . •  11,  . 4 Mr. Worldlyman's Advice to Preachers. IN the Herald and Presbyter, of May 26, "Mr. World- lyman" writes a "Letter to Preachers," which may ex_ plain why the Church is getting into such close touch with the world, and is striving so earnestly to get posses-sion of worldly power. The letter runs as follows:Š "Don't preach first principles all the time. It may be a good sermon, old-fashioned, not up to the times. It is what the people do not care to hear.. This humdrum of `faith, repentance and baptism, and add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge tem-perance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity,' is old, and sounds like fault-finding. We are none of us perfect, but we do not want to be told of it all the time. We, are doing as well as we can, living about as well as most folks, and our church is as good as anybody's for all that I can see, and I don't know that it is any better. We can read about those things in the Bible if we want to. Give us something new and startling that will please and draw the crowd. "Our preachers must not be, nor teach their congre-gations that they are to be, a peculiar people; but they must be like otheriolks. Just to think, the idea of being a peculiar people, a holy nation, a chosen generation, called out of darkness into light ; a people of God, having obtained mercy, and abstaining from worldly lusts which war against the soul; speaking and living honestly, en-deavoring to glorify God in our bodies and spirits, which are his. How absurd! flow far behind the spirit of the age and the aspirations of the present time. How old_ fogyish it looks and sounds. Why, the preacher of to-day must have some theatrical get-up about him. He must strike attitudes in his pulpit, instead of sin and spiritual wickedness in high places; use a few high-sound-ing words and phrases, such as ' We must be in touch all along the line;' The Fatherhood of God and the broth-erhood of man.' "Tell people something that interests them. If they hear a passage repeated that seems to justify them in something they want to do, it pleases them. `Does it not say in the Bible there is a time to dance?' Get very much interested in anything that seems to favor them in the way they desire to go. Tell some witty story to cause 