-aŁg---Watern-ian's * Ideal IA' Fountain Pen--r> Claims first attention, as it certainly is The Best Fountain Pen on the -Market. Other makes may be good, but the WATERMAN IS THE BEST. Some points of excellence are:Š The fine quality of the gold pens; The reliability of its feed,:which has stood a ten years' test; The absence of any portion of the feed on the top of the pen point, whereby it is left untrammeled and acts with all the ease and grace of any first-class gold pen. Among those who use the Waterman Pen are :Š REV. LYMAN ABBOTT, Editor " Christian Union," New York. CHAUNCEY M. DEPEW, Pres. N. Y. C. & H. R. R. Co. HON. W. E. GLADSTONE, Hawarden, England. JOHN WAN A51AKER, Ex-Postmaster General. And thousands of others whose judgment may safely be trusted, all of whom with one consent pronounce the Waterman "TIT   1H: 13   1-1,ST FOTJNTA_IN-  P Among the many excellent features of this pen, to some of which we call attention, stands one of no mean value, and that is the shape of the holder. There is, in the new style. no prominent collar or shoulder to come in contact with the fingers when writing, but the holder has the pleasing touch of any ordinary good pen holder. The Waterman makes a most acceptable present to a parent, to a child, to a brother, to a sister, to a friend, to anybody, and will be SENT AT OUR RISK to any address in America on receipt of price. In ordering state what kind of a pen you like best. Whether stiff or flexible, fine or coarse, etc. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 Bond Street, New York City. Ladies' size. [Small] $2.50. 6t 3.50. No. 16. [Very large] - - - - - $6.00. No. 12. " 13.  No. 14. Gentlemen's size - - $4.00. CI 15. if [Large] 5.00. DECEMBER 5, 1895. A_N" 383 into my barn." Matt. 13 : 29, 30. In the same chapter the Saviour explained that " the harvest is the end of the world; and the reapers are the angels." The end of the world, and the coin's g of the Lord, is the time when evil is to be rooted out by force. And it is to be done only by the Lord and his angels. The spirit of intolerance is the spirit of the Papacy. It is a most insidious evil. The in-tolerant one persuades himself that he is actu-ated solely by righteous zeal for the Lord, when he is in reality moved only by zeal for his own opinions. He opposes an evil, not so much because it is evil, but because it seems to defy him, or in other words, "It outrages public sentiment." And he seeks to enforce something that he judges to be right, simply because he judges it to be right, and not because the word of the Lord commands it. If he knew the commandment of the Lord, he would know that it is love, and that force and intolerance is a violation of it. Because " the servant of the Lord must not strive; but be gentle unto all men, apt to teach, patient, in meekness instructing those that oppose themselves; if God peradventure will give them repentance to the acknowledg-ing of the truth." 2 Tim. 2: 24, 25. The law should protect every man in his right to observe whatever day he wants to ; but it should never compel any man to observe any religious institution whatsoever.ŠSabbath Recorder. -0- WE WILL HELP YOU. " How I wish all my friends could read that SENTINEL," is a sentiment expressed by many of our readers on receiving some special num-ber of the SENTINEL; but as it costs one cent each to mail the SENTINEL, many have, for this reason, used but a limited number of papers in this way. Here are offers which will enable you to send a single issue of the SENTINEL to scores, yes, hundreds of your friends for the first cost of the paper, without the additional postage:Š OFFER No. 1. Send a list of the names and addresses of your friends, plainly written, and we will send the SENTINEL you name to any number of names for one and a quarter cents each. OFFER No. 2. Send us wrappers, shaped and addressed similarly to the following cut, and we will send the SENTINEL you desire to one hundred names for one dollar. ep.p.9, ea /14+74 taf Wrappers of thin manilla paper are the best. Be careful to write the names and addresses plainly, and write them about an inch or an inch and a half from the edge. The wrappers should be about eight by eleven inches; with the corners clipped, as in cut. In mailing the wrappers to us, don't fold them but roll them. Try one of these plans on our excellent extra of August 15. Keep these directions for future reference. THE RIGHTS of the PEOPLE Or Civil Government and Religion By Alonzo 'P. Jones. An Up-to-Date Pamphlet on the Principles of' Religious Liberty. This book cannot fail to be of great value to all in the study of the series of S. S. Lessons on Religious Liberty for the last three months of 1895. It was not wr,tten to go with these lessons, but it is fortunate and timely that it should be pub-lished at this time. "THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE" contains fifteen chap-ters, the following being a portion of the chapter headings :Š Christianity and the Roman EmpireŠWhat, is due to God and What to CaesarŠThe Powers That BeŠHow the United State Became a Christian NationŠWhat is the Nation IŠWho Made the Nation 1ŠReligious Right in the United StatesŠReligious Right InvadedŠThe People's Right of AppealŠNational Precedent on Right of Appeal ŠSunday-law Movement in the Fourth Century and Its Parallel in the NineteenthŠWill the People Assert and Maintain Their Rights 1ŠReligiousRights in the States. In the four appendixes to the book are given the Declaration of IndependenceŠThe Constitution of the United StatesŠThe Dred Scott Decision, and the "Christian Nation" Decision. This is a book of permanent value for reference and study and one that all should possess. It contains 384 pages with several illustrations, is issued as No. 32 of the Religious Lib-erty Library, and is bound in paper covers. Price 40 cents. A Finer Edition on laid paper is also ready. It is neatly bound in cloth. Price One Dollar. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. STOWS PEON THE ACTS OF THE APOSTLES (Companion volume to "Good Shepherd.") A book of 88 pages, with 45 pictures, 22 of which are full-page, representing in a very instructive manner various scenes in the history of Peter, Paul, and others of the Apos-tles. The stories are arranged with special reference to the little children. Bound in lithographic illuminated covers, postpaid, - 50c PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS! SWEEPING EVERYTHING CLEAN BEFORE IT. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY ! Owatonna, Minn., Nov. 5, 1894. MESSRS. COON BROS., Battle Creek, Mich. GENTLEMEN: I have sold the Cyclone Washer for a year, and it is growing in favor every day. I can say that every machine I have sold. gives entire satisfaction. I find ladies who have not been able to wash for years are now able to wash with the Cyclone with perfect ease. Yours truly, WM. A. WIGGINS. MESSRS. COON BROS: After using the Cyclone Washer for Over two years, I believe it to be the best Washing Machine made. I can do a washing in two hours. We have no more blue Mondays, as our washing is on the line before we have time to get blue. I have learned to do without many things these hard times, but must have the Cyclone Washer. RATTLE RULAFORD. The Shepherd King (Companion volume to "Good Shepherd.") A Book of Eighty-eight Pages, With Thirty-seven Pictures, Many of which are full-page, Illustrating the most striking events in the life of David. The whole story is told in a most entertaining manner, and is highly instructive to the young and interesting to the old. Bound in Lithographic Illuminated Covers, post-paid, 50e. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. College Place, Wash., Oct. 15, 1894. 