726 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "No great intellectual achievements can yet be chronicled, and mental and moral weakness is a general characteristic. But the tide is risingŠintellectually, morally and spirituallyŠand things once in the mire and slime are being lifted up and purified. With churches and schools, daily instruction inthe Word of God and elemen-tary branches of knowledge, the arts and customs of civilized life displacing the old heathenism, an increasingly wholesome public sentiment and Christian ideals of at-. tainment and character, ffiture progress is assured. "They are a happy people now for their God is the Lord. The voice of singing is constantly heard in their dwellings, groups of young people are accustomed to sit on the beach during the long evenings and make music in hymns of praise to Jehovah, and the shout of battle and wailing over the slain are no longer heard. And more, the people are now ready to welcome good govern-ment. While the United States is calling for 100,000 men to subdue and garrison the Philippines, Germany is quietly taking possession of the Carolines without a sol-dier or the firing of a gun. Why ? The latter people have been subdued under the blood-stained banner of the Son of God, and their islands garrisoned with Christian churches, schools and teachers. ' . . . "We plead for these lost islanders. They respond so quickly to Christian teaching, they are so dull and wretched and can be made so bright and happy by the Gospel that every dictate of reason and humanity urges obedience to our Lord's last command. . . . "The time is opportune. Every island in this re-mote sea should have a Christian teacher, and have him now." And now, in the face of this, can anyone tellus why it is necessary to blast theyhilippine Islands with war, to:fill them with widows and orphans, to instil hatred and every evil passion into the hearts of the peopleŠto say nothing of making widows and orphanslin America Šin order that those islands may receive the blessings of "Christian civilization?" Can any one tell us why the facts set forth in this missionary report do not con-stitute a most fearful indictment against the methodof civilizing that is being employed to produce civilization in the Philippines ? And can anyone tell us why any <Christian should for a moment give his sanction to the latter method ? The AMERICAN SENTINEL is always and unqualifiedly in favor of that method of civilizing the island races, which brings with it no destruction of life and property, aims not at humiliating the people by the dominating aim of military power, stirs up no evil passions, but seeks only to develop what is good, to bless all in body and in soul, to make all happy, prosperous, and content-ed, and that has so wonderfully succeeded in all this in the darkest lands of heathendom. And who is not in favor of the same? "Gon and the Constitution" was the theme of a discourse by Rev. T. B. Gregory, in the Grand Opera House at Chicago, recently, in which the speaker con- 4trasted the false and the true conceptions of what is needed in this regard:Š "The first Monday in December approaches, and the National Reform people are at their old work of trying to get the Almighty recognized in the Constitution. It is much ado about nothing. There is something that does need recognition, and that is honesty of thought and speech and deed; justice, which shall give every man his due and the rightful fruits of his toil, and love, which makes us brothers and leaves no place in the world for trusts or tramps, for millionaires or paupers. The best way to put God into the Constitution is to put good will into human hearts an I righteousness into human consciences, so that the brotherhood, so long talked of, hall become a living, beautiful reality. Not by hypo-critical prating about God, but by the conscientious practise of the noblest human-virtues shall we dignify our Constitution and ennoble our country." A Glance at History.ŠWhat Does It Teach? BY ROBERT NASH. Gon gave all nations into the hand of Nebuchadnez-zar the king of Babylon. The Lord said, "The nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchad-nezzar . . . and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation will I punish . . . until I have consumed them by his hand." Addressing the king of Israel God said: "Thou pro-fane, wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come when iniquity shall have an end. Thus saith the Lord God: remove the diadem, take off the crown;" and he gave the nation of Israel, with all others into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar. God having given all into his hand, had not Nebu-chadnezzar a God-given right to rule his subjects, as complete as any earthly ruler or power that ever existed or should exist, could have? He certainly had the right to rule in any thing that pertained to an earthly monarch. But is it possible for a nation to get out of its proper sphere in ruling its subjects? Let the following record answer the question. Had Nebuchadnezzar not the right to command his subjects in regard to their wor-ship? He thought so, and accordingly made an image, set it up in the plain of Dura, gathered the subjects of his kingdom, and directed a herald to cry: "To you it is commanded, 0 people, nations, and languages, that at what time ye hear . . . all kinds of music, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnez-zar the king hath set up;" "and whoso falleth not down and worshipeth, shall the same hour be cast into tht midst of a burning fiery furnace." Since God had given all nations into the king's hand will he not sustain this decree? Let us watch the scene 