20 SM-NrriNITLA. VoL. 10, No. 3. honor him for it. To this end a resolution was introduced at the regular monthly meeting of the Presbytery in December,Šthe first after the election. But Dr. Mul-lally (all honor to him),braved the oppro-brium that he could not help but know must come upon him for such a thing, and openly challenged the proposition. The report says :Š Dr, Mullally (he was careful to tell the reporters to spell his name with four l's) does nob believe that a minister is called to preach civic righteousness; he would draw a sharp line between duties to the State and duties to God, and he would exclude from " the court of Jesus Christ " all civil and social methods. If the members of the Presbytery want to give recog-nition to Dr. Parkhurst's work they ought, he con-tends, to adjourn as a Presbytery and meet as citizens. Of course they did not want to do this, and so put the resolution over for a month. This is perfectly sound and Christian doctrine. And yet the Independent can-not pour contempt enough upon Dr. Mullally for having done this. And the Independent makes great pretensions to being in favor of separation of Church and State! Now if Dr. Parkhurst's political and immoral work was done as a Presby-terian; and if this work was in the regu-lar line of the work of the Presbytery of New York, then of course it is proper enough that the Presbytery as such, in the regular course of its Presbyterial busi-ness, should pass a resolution in commen-dation of him and his work; and then, too, it follows that the Presbytery of New York counts its interests and work as identical with the interests and work of the city of New York, and that, therefore, there is a union of the Presbytery of New York with the city of New York; in other words'  a union of Church and State. Dr. Mullally consistently advocates the separation of Church and State in the Pres-bytery of New York. The Independent professedly believes in the separation of Church and State, and at the same time scathingly condemns Dr. Mullally. There-fore from this, one of two things as cer-tainly 'follows as that two and two make four; namely, either the Independent does not really believe in the separation of Church and State, or else it does not know what the separation of Church and State is. And in the United States there are entirely too many people who are just like the Independent. Ł Wrangling. " PHYSICIAN, heal thyself," is most ap-plicable to the Sunday-enforcement cham-pions. While posing as reformers and attempting to cure the Sunday-breaking malady, it is ever and anon apparent that they themselves are in dire need of a cure for selfishness, private ambition, and car-nality in their chronic stages. The last meeting of the Pennsylvania Sabbath (Sunday) Association, held at Williamsport, Nov. 29, 1894, was marked with a disgraceful contention between leaders over the distribution of territory, the term " wrangling " being applied by each party to the other's conduct. However, the latest wrangle among these self-appointed custodians of other people's morals is between " Rev." Edward Thompson, " general manager of the Sun-day. League of America," and " Rep." J. H. Knowles, secretary of the American Sabbath (Sunday) Union. Mr. Thompson, who has been operating in the West, re-cently came East, as it would appear to look for a job, and in order to aid in securing one, commenced distributing Sun- day League literature and availing himself of every opportunity to speak and " lift a collection." Soon after, Mr. Knowles met Mr. Thompson on the streets of New York and challenged his right to invade his territory. Mr. Thompson replied as fol-lows,Šif Mr. Knowles' public statement before the New York Methodist Ministers' Monday morning meeting (Jan. 7), in the presence of Mr. Thompson, can be be-lieved :Š Oh, this is only a temporary affair. You see I am seeking a pastorate East, and this is one of the ways I have of getting known. Mr. Thompson was very angry at his brother for thus publicly betraying his confidence, and said :Š I did not know that what I said to him in confidence he would blabber all over the city and injure me in preventing me from getting a hearing before the more important churches. After much bitter contention Dr. J. M. King, president of the Law and Order League of America,Šthe inquisitorial an-nex of the Sabbath Association,Šraised applause by declaring, with much warmth, " Dr. Knowles needs no certificate of character from this conference, and any son of a bishop or of Gabriel who comes here to offer attacks on Dr. Knowles has come to the wrong market with his wares." All this is very fitting; these builders of the American image of the papacy act their part well. How all this reads like the rows of the Roman Catholic bishops when in the councils of the early centuries they legislated on what men should believe and thereby built the papacy. Dr. Parkhurst and the Sabbath. WHILE the name of Dr. Chas. H. Park-hurst is on the lips of so many people, not only in this country, but all over the world; and while he is being eulogized by religio-political law and order leagues, Sunday unions, National Reform associa-tions, periodicals, and political preachers generally, as one of the greatest moral reformers of the, day, it might be well to understand the doctor's position on the Sunday question, which is at present agi-tating these same leagues, unions, associ-ations, periodicals, and political preachers, and which they are trying to enforce on the people by civil laws. In a sermon on the " Lord's day," delivered in the Madi-son Square Presbyterian Church, New York, in May, 1886, and afterward pub-lished in the Christian Union, the doctor made the following statements:Š The case is a difficult one to state justly. That is one reason why the pulpit has so little to say concern-ing it, and one reason why so much that is written upon it misses its mark. It is a hard mark to hit. . . . No one who wants am itemized scheme of Sunday-keeping can obtain any such thing either from Paul or the Lord. Why not, then, revert to the Old Testament, and be contented simply to found a sermon on Sunday-keeping upon the basis of the fourth com-mandment ?ŠBecause that would get us into more difficulties than it would get us out of. . Š The fourth commandment does not cover the Christian Sabbath. . . . We do not keep the fourth com-mandment by hallowing one day in seven, unless it is the seventh day we hallow. . . There is not sufficient premise in the fourth commandment to yield the Christian Sabbath as its conclusion. The doctor says " the case is a difficult one to state justly." We ask, Why ?ŠBecause when the case is stated justly, Sunday as God's rest-day, is relegated to' the obscurity it deserves, along with the other relics of Catholicism repudiated by all true Protestants, while the seventh day (Saturday), which God says is the Sabbath, shines out in heavenly lustre with a plain  " Thus saith the Lord" back of it. " It is a hard mark to hit," says the doctor. True. The Bible is entirely silent about the Sunday, while every allusion to the day of rest, in both the Old and New Testa-ments, points clearly to God's sanctified Sabbath, the seventh day. This the doctor admits, and then adds, The fourth com-mandment does not cover the Christian Sabbath" (Sunday). No, it certainly does not. While it is a fact that God's com-mandments " are exceedingly broad," they are too narrow to cover this child of apos-tasy. See Isa. 28:20. They may call it " Christian Sabbath," " Continental Sab-bath," " American Sabbath," " Pearl of Days," " Lord's Day," or what not ; but still its hideous countenance cannot be hid-den, but stands forth in all of its deform-ity as a caricature of baptized paganism, having beneath its stolen titles its old solar name, Sun-day, or day of the sun. Again, the doctor says, " We do not keep the fourth commandment." This is a frank but sad admission. God says: " For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all. James 2: 10, 11. In other words, the individual who breaks one commandment, is a law-breaker. The religio-political leagues, Sunday unions, National Reform-ers, and political preachers, etc., who are lauding the doctor as a reformer, may not digest what he says concerning their Sun-day, but one thing is certain, that when our blessed Saviour, who alone is " Lord of the Sabbath" (the seventh day), shall appear the second time, the people who have accepted him as their Lord and Master, will be keeping all the command-ments (Rev. 12:17, and Rev. 14:12), in- cluding the fourth which says, The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and with him will " enter in through the gates into the city." Rev. 22:14. E. E. FRANKE. Religious Liberty. CHRIST came to set men free. He said, " The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord hath anointed me . . . to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Isa. 61: 1. Perfect liberty is found only in Christ. God's law is called the law of liberty. The inspired Word calls that law a hedge. It marks out those unchangeable boundary lines of right, between man and God, and between man and man, which must be recognized, else liberty is impossible to intelligent beings. All slavery, physical, moral, and intellectual, came from breaking that law. Liberty is found only in obedience to it. Still there is a sort of slavery in the futile attempt to keep it in our own strength. But Christ, through the new covenant, writes that law in the heart, so we not only have power to keep it, but his will becomes ours; so we, with Christ, delight to do his will, because his law is in our hearts. Here is perfect liberty. The perfectly saved will be perfectly free. Throughout eternity they will do just what they please, because they please to do just what makes liberty and joy pos-sible. Now, as to the relation of the State to the conscience of man. Christ found men enslaved to kings and to priests. He set them free from both. He taught that all men are brothers, sons of one father, and therefore equal before the law,Šequal in civil rights. Rulers were therefore, only 