88 A.1011M.,ICA.N Sk4N9111INT1 1Ld. VOL. 8, No. 11, NEW YORE, MARCH 16, 1893. gqr ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENT/NEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE appearance of Rev. A. H. Lewis, of the Seventh-day Baptists, before the Judiciary Committee of the legislature-of Pennsylvania, in defense of true religion and sound legislation was but the one voice against the many at that hearing; but the truth is a host, and he who speaks it needs not the support of numbers. If the principles which Dr. Lewis presented do not prevail in the minds of his listeners it will be because they are fully set in their own minds to believe a lie and do the evil thing to which it prompts them. Attention is called to the interesting his-tory recounted to the committee by Dr. Lewis, and to the force and soundness of thought shown in the synopsis of his re-marks printed elsewhere. IN a letter to the editor of the Mail and Express denying that she has experienced any change of opinion in reference to re-ligious legislation in general, and the Sunday closing of the World's Fair by act of Congress, in particular, Miss Frances Willard says :Š When the enemies of Christianity combine, its friends must unite, and while many excellent men and women who are not enemies have taken the popular view of the question, that very fact leads the White Ribboners to be more conservative than might otherwise have been the case. By this we are to understand that those who opposed congressional action to close the World's Fair on Sunday, espoused the popular side of the question, and Miss Willard and the editor of the Mail and Express are on the unpopular side. The side advocated by forty or fifty millions must be the popular side. Is it possible that the majority in this country are on the unpopular side ? Is it possible that there could have been a mistake in the figures ? There is a discrepancy some-where. One is forced to believe Miss Willard and accept her statement as truth. There were no forty or fifty mil-lions advocating Sunday closing. Miss Willard is on the side of the minority, and the unpopular and not the popular wish has triumphed. THE Brooklyn Eagle, in an editorial item in reference to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and the possible action of the management as to the acceptance, or non-acceptance, of the appropriation with the proviso attached, says, " Even if the managers are convinced that the majority is for opening, they may hesi- tate to offend a powerful minority." This is a true statement of the legislative history of this whole matter of Sunday closing, hesitation to offend a powerful minority. THE act of Congress by which it has closed the World's Fair on Sunday has already been used as a precedent for fur-ther proceedings by Government officials, in the same line, and also to remind the administration just entering upon its du-ties that a new factor has entered into governmental affairs, the influence of which must be acknowledged in official life. One paragraph of the ministers' petition to Congress, respecting the for-bidding of the Sunday concerts in connec-tion with the inauguration, reads thus:Š WHEREAS, the Congress of the United States, in deference to the Christian sentiment of the Nation clearly and unmistakably expressed by the reli-gious press, the pulpit, and by petition, has by legal enactment closed the doors of the Columbian Ex-position on Sundays. Therefore, of course, because of this now well established precedent, Congress must permit nothing which would be inconsistent with that, and the official course of the Government and its repre-sentatives must conform to the require-ments of the national religion, otherwise the country will be under condemnation of " national sin." The strange arrogance of the clergy in these matters is shown in a report of the proceedings of the Balti-more Conference of Methodists, where, after appointing a committee to wait upon President Cleveland in reference to the imprisonment of a Methodist missionary in Brazil, this paragraph is found :Š It was suggested that Bishop Newman be also made a member of the committee, and the bishop gracefully accepted the trust, remarking: "I will gladly call on President Cleveland, because he has been converted and is now a member of the Church. His inaugural address breathed the spirit of piety. He is a Christian man. On two occasions I had to rebuke a President of the United States because in his annual messages the name of God did not ap-pear. He seemed astonished, but I told him I was the ambassador of the King of kings, and he was rebuked. Grover Cleveland needs no such rebuke." This is the tone of the prelates of old,Šmingled flattery and authority. IN Brazil, a Methodist missionary has been sentenced to four months' imprison-ment for publishing a book derogatory to Roman Catholicism. The Methodist Con-ference lately in session, appointed a committee to confer with President Cleve-land in reference to the matter and seek, if possible, his interference in behalf of the persecuted missionary. There is im-prisonment and persecution because of opposition to papal methods within our own boundaries. Why is not that also a proper subject for Executive interference ? Have the Methodists considered the ad-visability of consulting with the President as to the religious persecutions at home ? If the Methodist Conference has not noticed the persecutions in Tennessee and  elsewhere, and has failed to take any measures for their suppression, what is the reason ? It is because in Tennessee and other States where there have been fines and imprisonment for conscience' sake, the Methodists and other Protestants have not been the persecuted, but have been themselves the persecuting power. What is the consistency in their asking the President to interfere, when what is done to them in Brazil is no different from what they are doing to others at home. Would President Cleveland be justified in quoting to Bishop Newman his own words with which he accepted a place on the committee to call upon the President, and prove their applicability by referring him to an injunction which reads, " What-soever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them " ? AN editorial writer in the Sabbath Re-corder, of March 9, speaking of the Roman Catholic influence in this country, for the teaching of religion in the public schools and the union of Church and State, says : Let us remember, however, that the people who are just now introducing that dangerous principle are not Catholics. Jesuits can well afford to go on a vacation, while 'Protestants prepare the way for all that they have been desiring and seeking. If the national Government, in obedience to the wishes of an organized minority, is willing to place the stamp of its approval on one religious insti-tution, why not another ? Once established the principle and its application is easily extended. That the application of the principle of Sunday-closing by congressional and gov-ernmental authority is very easily ex-tended is shown by the Sunday-closing episode connected with the inauguration of President Cleveland, the official record and correspondence in regard to which is reprinted on another page. DURING the past three years the Arena has published almost one hundred papers from the pen of women. This doubtless accounts largely for the fact that the Arena is by far the most popular review among thoughtful women in America. Among other noteworthy features of this issue of the Arena are Dr. Alfred Wal-lace's " Social Quagmire and the Way Out of It," Louis. R. Ehrich's " A Religion for all Time," Prof. S. P. Wait's " Life after Death," B. 0. Flower's " A Pilgrimage and a Vision, or Social Contrasts in Bos-ton," Dr. F. J. Furnival's " Defense of Shakespeare," Dr. Leslie Keeley's "De-fense of the Gold Cure for Drunkeness," and a well-written paper on the " Money Question," by John Franklin Clark. The Arena continues to be brave, progressive, and in touch with the advanced thought on social, economic, educational and re-ligious subjects. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per " year, - - 90c 44 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 806 44 100 to 249 " '6  " '‚ 44 .. 75c 64 250 to 499  At 44 " 64 " .. - - 70c 44 500 to 999 " ', " ', 44 .. 65c " 1000 or more " " " " - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 