176 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, MARCH 16, 1899. A BILL to legalize the running of Sunday street cars and the selling of newspapers and the opening of barber shops on Sundays, is before the legislature of Pennsylvania. It might be well to inquire, in consider-ing the proposed measure, how the morality of the people of Pennsyl-vania compares with that of people in States where there are no such restrictions. What good purpose have such restrictions ever served? A "BETTER Sabbath law" is called for in Michigan, says the Michigan Christian Advocate. What better Sabbath law does the Advocate want than the fourth commandment of the "becalogue? We believe they have that law in Michigan, the same as everywhere else. The Lord made that law; who can make a better one? Who can improve on the work of the Creator? That is God's law for Sabbath observance. Does the Advocate want Sabbath observance to be secured by any different law? A different law would not secure the kind of Sabbath observance God wants, but it might secure the kind the Advocate wants. Would not the Advocate, since it professes to be Christian, do well to examine itself and get into harmony with the Lord? ENGLAND is paying dear for "ex-pansion." Although the revenue of the British government is this year seven and a half million dollars more than that of any previous year, there is a deficit of twenty-five millions, which is said to be due entirely to the "jingo" policy of Lord Salisbury. There is a permanent increase made of just this sum in the expenditures for the army and navy. Out of a total revenue of $515,000,000, no less than $350,000,000 is required to maintain the army and navy at the  standard of efficiency deemed neces-sary to meet the demands of the ex-panding empire. To meet this deficit various expe-dients are suggested, none of which are relished by the people who have to "foot" these huge bills. The taxes must be made heavier; and if all this occurs at a time of unusual prosper-ity, how much greater will be the dis-tress when the prosperous period shall have passed? This is the most serious question to be considered. "Expansion" carried beyond certain limits always means explosion and collapse. THE Rev. S. P. Cadman, Methodist, pastor of the Metropolitan Temple in this city, says that the Bible needs to be edited. The same thing is said by many others who pose as Chris-tian teachers; they want the Bible edited, and of course (though they do not say it) they are the ones to do the editing. They want to edit the Bible in order to get rid of the miraculous part of itŠthe creation in six days, the story of Joshua and the sun, Jonah and the whale, etc. We have no use for a Bible that has had a human editor. That would be at best only a curiosity. For salva-tion, the Bible as God has edited it is infinitely preferabie. A Bible with-out miracles in it would not bring much hope to us, for our salvation must be a miracle. A god who can-not work miracles cannot save any-body from sin. IT is announced that the Japanese government is considering the advis-ability of making Christianity the state religion of Japan. If so, that government needs to be informed that the thing cannot be done. Chris-tianity was never the state religion in any country or at any time; and it cannot be made a state religion to-day. Christianity is love; and love cannot be enforced. All that can be enforced by the state is the letter of Christianity without the spirit; but "the letter [alone] kill-eth"! This is just what state reli- gions which claimed to be Christian-ity have always doneŠthey have killed people. The time when state religionŠprofessedly ChristianityŠwas the most general, the most logi-cal-in what it did, and the most faithfully carried into effect, was dur-ing the Dark Ages, when good peo-ple by the million were being put to death for being dissenters. Let Japan be admonished by the lessons of his-tory. EX-REGISTRAR BRUENER, of the lo-cal land office at St. Cloud, Minn., who is a staunch German Catholic, says of the recent transfer of larid in that State by the Government to Archbishop Ireland, that "there is inside history which reflects no credit upon him as a Catholic prelate." The land secured by the archbishop was a tract of thousands of acres, upon which there were many set-tlers. FOR a nation, as for an individual, it is dangerous policy to refuse ever to acknowledge a mistake. No na-tion can be infallible. A Valuable Book Is just what the bound volume of the SENTINEL for 1898 is. To those in-terested in the subject and study of religious liberty it is indispensible. As a handy reference on all questions pertaining to religious legislation during 1898 it stands without an equal. Our prices are as formerly: $2.50 in cloth with leather back and cor-ners; in heavy manila paper cover, $1.50. Pacific Press Pub. Co., 39 Bond St., New York, publishers. Back Numbers. BACK numbers of each issue of the year with the exception of Janu-ary 12 and February 23, can be obtained at this office. Our rates: One cent per copy in bulk, or one and a quarter 'cents per copy when wrappers are addressed to individ-uals, from list of names sent in. We have still a good supply of the February 16 issue on hand. 