AMERICAN SENTINEL. 137 as fighters is to fight self; that they are to be masters of themselves first of all? He who is not master of himself is not fit to be master of anything else; and as long as men are not masters of themselves there will be no end to their efforts to be masters of each other. HOWEVER, we believe it safe to say that there will be no war with Spain over the loss of the "Maine." The issues which determine peace or war in these days are different from those which settled the question centuries ago. This is the age of commercialism. Commercial interests dictate the policy of nations. The "great powers" will unhesitatingly make war upon any weak tribe which refuses their trade. England forced the opium trade upon China; and only recently China was forced to accept a loan which she did not want from England and Germany. When there are weighty financial reasons for war, war is very apt to follow; but war in this day, when it costs thousands of dollars to fire a big gun even once, and when millions of dollars are put into a single warship which may be sent to the bottom of the sea by a single blow, is a very costly undertaking; so that usually finan-cial considerations weigh heavily in the opposite direc-tion. Spain is reported to be bankrupt; and however well a nation may be supplied with patriotism, it cannot go to war if it is not supplied with gold. BY the way, can any one tell why it is that govern-ment officials are so chary about giving any news relat-ing to important matters out to the public? These officials are always pledged to the strictest secrecy re-garding all information in possession of the Government of such a nature as would naturally exert a powerful influence upon national action, as for example the dis-coveries relating to the disaster to the "Maine." Why are the people left for days and perhaps weeks to feed upon newspaper lies? We had always thought that in this country the people themselves were the real govern-ment, and that those in office, from the President down, were the servants of the people; and we never knew it was the proper business of a servant to conceal from his mas-ter important information concerning the latter's busi-ness. Where do these officials get their authority for such a course? Not from the people, certainly. Do they really consider themselves the servants of the people? or do they regard themselves as their rulers? Cannot the American people be trusted? If they cannot, then the sooner the pretense of self government is abandoned, the better. But we believe in a government by and for the people. IT seems that a movement is on foot which has in view the appointment of the pope to arbitrate the diffi-culty between the United States and Spain. The pope, it is said, is the only arbitrator Spain would accept, and doubtless Leo himself would not decline an invitation to act in that capacity. Church and State in Brazil. THE constitution of Brazil. guarantees perfect liberty to all religious denominations, and declares, "A free church and a free state, without which there could be no self government." This is all that any one could ask, providing it meant what it says; but when we come to, the practical workings of religious liberty we find liberty to be somewhat want-ing. As long as not much is said against the established religion and customs of the country all goes very well, but when the Word of truth is proclaimed, setting forth the gospel as the power of God unto salvation and that the church is subject to Christ, and that he is the head of the church, we are sometimes called in question. The following facts will serve to show some of the religious freedom enjoyed by Protestants in Brazil. Not long ago a Protestant colporter was selling Bibles and religious books in the State of Espirito Santo and one evening he was seized, dragged into a store, and there tantalized until midnight by an impudent crowd of men, and all of his books and Bibles were taken from him and burned in the street. In the State of Rio de Janeiro, a Protestant minister was holding meetings in a village, about twenty five miles from the city of Rio de Janeiro, and one evening during service the building in which the meetings were be-ing held was surrounded by a furious mob of Roman Catholics and the windows were broken in, the minister thrashed, others beaten with sticks, some cut with knives and as soon as possible they fled to the woods for their lives. The minister appealed to the proper authorities for redress, but he could not get a hearing. The authorities told him that he had better not go there any more and then there would be no more trouble. A month or so later I visited the same village and while there I had an interview with a prominent Roman Catholic of the place relative to the recent trouble, and he said he did not approve of mob violence, and then he went on to explain that the mob was composed of the lower class of Catholics. I asked him why he did not protest if he did not approve of the disturbance. "Well," said he, "I haven't anything against Protestants enjoy-ing their own religion, but I don't think they should be teaching it in Catholic communities." I then told him that, according to his idea, the com-mission, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel," should read, "Go ye into all the world, except where there are Catholics, and preach the gospel." He smiled, and after a short conversation on the topics of the day, I thanked him for the privilege of so pleasant an interview and departed. About six months ago, in the State of Santa Catha-rina, a Protestant minister, accompanied by two colpor-ters, held a series of meetings and as a result about forty Germans embraced the new faith and many of them were baptized and a Protestant church was organized. 