Novniii3Eit 6, 1893. 349 ever, turned the tide of popular sentiment in favor of the view that a specific day of the week was not required in the Deca-logue, and therefore Sunday might be ob-served as the Sabbath. A large minority, however, pointed out the inconsistency of this view. How much this fact may have influenced so much legislation to enforce respect for the first day of the week as a sacred day, I will not attempt to say. Certain it is that its influence in our times is evidenced by the laws enacted and printed in the statute books of nearly every- State in the Union, and much of the puritanic intolerance has been exhib-ited in their enforcement. . . . Much has been said and written in our day to palliate the cruelty which was sometimes inflicted by the Puritans in the enforcement of their laws, as if such a thing were unknown among us. Yet, under the Tennessee Sunday law, four Christian men, in that State, in June of the year 1892, were imprisoned for working on Sunday. Three of these, after having been imprisoned forty-three days, were marched through the streets of Paris in a chain gang, and put to work shovel-ing on the common highway. Two years before this, R. M. King, whose case was appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States, but suddenly terminated by the death of the defendant, was fined seventy-five dollars and costs for perform-ing his usual farm work on Sunday. Persecutions from a similar cause have arisen under the Sunday laWs of Pennsyl-vania within recent years. Some of these cases would have aroused even in old Puritan Salem something of the indigna-tion which arose upon the whipping of .Obadiah Holmes. The inconsistency of imprisoning the Tennessee Christians for peaceably working their farms on Sunday was made more glaring by a train load of laborers passing, to their work, on succes-sive Sundays, the place where they were imprisoned. In the minds of people dis-posed to be tolerant, the persecution of these men would seem the more inexcusa-ble, since they were men who conscien-tiously observed the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. Especially since the constitution of the State declares.  thatŠ All men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience; that no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience, and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship. It would not be difficult to show still further the injustice done to, these men, and to point out the inconsistencies in-volved in the whole question of Sunday legislation. In this review we can learn at least one practical lesson. Shall it not be.the old, and yet imperfectly learned lesson of religious liberty ? The Puritans groped towards it, but blinded by their narrow and erroneous idea of maintaining, at whatever cost, their control 'of State, never learned it. As we have seen, the dogmatism of thought revealed in their legislation ; the cynical attitude towards amusements which their enactments engendered; in short, the fundamental error at the root of their legislation tended to break down all religious restraint and the higher idea of true religious liberty was obscured. All can see the fundamental error of the Pu-ritan was in his interference by civil en-actment, with that freedom of conscience which he claimed for himself. In the  light of their history, the lesson should be plain to us. Yet what we have seen of modern Sunday legislation leads us to ask if nineteenth century Christians have not yet higher ground to reach with reference to liberty of conscience. The lesson seems yet imperfectly learned, that civil legisla-tion cannot enforce respect for any day as a Sabbath; that if that respect is secured at all it must arise from the consciences of men, awakened and quickened by divine truth. Even if it were wrong to work on Sun-day, the Church is only increasing the distance, already too great, between it and the masses, by raising its voice in the name of religion for civil law to enforce rest on that day. "Render therefore unto Cesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." It is yet the sacred duty of the Church in the last decade of the nineteenth century to perfect the lesson begun and so imperfectly un-derstood four hundred years ago,ŠFree-dom of conscience and the complete sep-aration of Church and State. To enthrone in the hearts of Christ's followers the true import of, those words of the Great Teacher :Š" My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." T. J. VAN HORN. University of Chicago. It Is Done! They Know It! They Claim It All! AT the "Episcopal Jubilee" of Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Ireland is reported as saying: "The times are solemn. At no time since the establishing of the Chris-tian era did changes so profound and so far-reaching occur." This is similar to what the National Reformers said con-cerning the Supreme Court decision,Š" This is a Christian Nation." Of it they said: "It is the weightiest, the noblest, the most tremendously far-reaching in its consequences, of all the utterances of all that sovereign tribunal." And so it is, and the Catholics recognize it with all the rest. They see all they could ask, and now claim all as their own. At the reception given to Mgr. Satolli in July last, at St Paul, Hon. C. D. O'Brien in the speech of reception said :Š We have here a temporal democracy, resem-bling in its sphere the spiritual democracy of the Church, which recognizes and fosters the spiritual rights of each individual Christian. . . . This is why the Catholic Church is so vigorous and progressive in the United States; . . . you have with you in your work the entire anal irresistible force of American public opinion. From the standpoint of so-called Na-tional Reformers, and all that they are accomplishing, this is so. They claim the Republic. In regard to the waves of socialism, communism, etc., he said they would be " sustained and.  driven back by the protecting cordon of American Catholics, who in behalf of their religion and this, their Republic, will ever stand in the forefront of the conflict to receive them." They see a union of Church and State. In the reply of Mgr. Satolli, he said : " Your institutions are in accord with the essential spirit of the church and her con-stitution. In pursuing my mission I find that I am acting out the very essence of your social and political life, and that I can be a good citizen because I am a good Catholic. Hence, I conclude that the Church and the Republic are made for one another and should walk hand in hand." This union is just as close as they desire it. At the banquet recently given to Car-dinal Gibbons, he said : " Church and State run in parallel lines, with no conflict with each other. The Church elevates the State, and the State protects religion. We would be sorry to see religion and the State any closer than they now are." They see an unparalleled growth of the church in this country, under .our Consti-tution, and they know its significance. Mgr. Satolli continued: "Time will show, very soon, I trust, that the church, from the enjoyment of the liberty guaranteed to her in this land, shall make progress such as she has not known in other times and lands. . . . And this mutual bene-fiting shall be clear evidence to all and in our own days that security for the com-monwealth is in friendly contact with the church." So it will be that this Nation will be an example to other nations in the exalting the papal church to her position where she will say, " I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow." They contemplate these sudden, changes in the almost daily events with evident satisfaction. Said Cardinal Gibbons, on the occasion before referred to, " There is no country on earth where the difficult problems of Church and State are so suc-cessfully solved as in the United States." And they are making the most of the situation, for, according to the Christian Statesman, they are sending missionaries " direct to Protestants and put before them the claims of the church and the need of membership." According to the Protestant American, which quotes Cath-olic papers, " Protestants are going over to Rome by the thousand. One bishop re-ports receiving one hundred, another five hundred, and Cardinal Gibbons says that ten per cent. of all he confirms are Prot-estant converts." If Protestants cannot see as much in these things as Catholics do, it is only be-cause they are stupified by the " wine " or false doctrines of the mother church. H. F. PHELPS. -4.  The Christian Politicians of Jersey. AT a mass meeting of professors of political Christianity held lately in Jersey City it was determined to.  establish a per-manent organization, to be the nucleus of a religious political party. As an earnest of the spirit which is to inspire this new party, and the methods which are to be used, every church in the city was asked to appoint a committee of three; these different committees to unite as one gen-eral committee of ways and means by which to advance and enforce commercial, social, and political morals, and secure the passage of such acts by the State leg-islature as should be desired to this end. A resolution was framed in the form of a demand upon the Democratic and Re-publican county and assembly conven-tions, and a committee of three appointed to present the demand to these bodies. This is the wording of the resolution :Š In a mass meeting representing the Christian sentiment of the county, it was unanimously re-solved that we demand the nomination of a candi-date for sheriff whose record shall command the support of all good citizens, and who shall be opposed to racetrack gambling, illegal liquor sell-ing, and every other form of public vice, and that we do further demand from candidates for assem-bly in the several districts that they shall be pledged to the repeal of the vicious legislation of last winter which has disgraced our State. However just the cause, and whatever 