236 AMERICAN SENTINEL. has been pursued by too many French priests. It is said that he has expressed his astonishment at the passions that have been aroused over the famous case, adding significantly that France had always been at the head of either civilization or barbarism. The emphasis just now is upon barbarism." And the spirit of barbarism has had no better repre-sentatives in this case than the French Catholic priests. Modern Civilization Destroying Manhood. THE following is taken from a paper read before a conference of Methodist ministers in Chicago, by Albion W. Small, professor of sociology in the University of Chicago. It is a striking statement of what must be ac-knowledged to be truth by the candid observer of present day events:Š "I am spending my life in the study of sociology be-cause I believeŠand I'see more and more reasons for the belief the longer I studyŠthat the social system in which we live and move and have our being is so bad that no-body can tell the full measure of its iniquity. In this age of so-called democracy we are getting to be the thralls of the most relentless system of economic oligarchy that history thus far records. That capital from which most of us directly or indirectly get our bread and butter is becoming the most undemocratic, inhuman, and athe-istic of all the heathen divinities. It breeds children only to devour the bodies of some and the souls of others, and to put out the spiritual eyesight of the rest. In spite of the historic campaigns for liberty, in spite of the achievements of Christianity, there has never been a time since Adam was born when the individual counted for so little or availed so little relatively as to-day. "Compared with any worthy conception of what so-ciety must become if life is to be tolerable, the socialistic indictments against our civilization are essentially sound. . . . It is a literal and cardinal fact that our present economic system cries to heaven for rectifica-tion. It stultifies human nature. It nullifies the pur-poses of God. The men who denounce present society have profound reason for their complaints. We are in the midst of the most bewildering labyrinth of social en-tanglements in which the human race has wandered up to date. . . . "There seems to be no practical alternative between, on the one hand, swelling the clamor of wild and incohe-rent revolt, and, on the other hand, giving one's moral support to conservatism, most falsely and fatally so called, which intensifies the evils by denying that they exist. "You are aware, as well as I, that there are clouds on the social horizon already bigger than a man's hand, foretelling changes of which no one is wise enough to pre-dict the end. If present tendencies continue it will not be very long before the men whose business it is to com-municate ideas will be gagged by those who publish ideas, and the publishers will be shackled by the makers of paper, and the paper manufacturers will be held up by the transportation lines, and the transporters by the producers of steel, and the steel industries by the coal  operators, and the coal miners by the oil producers, and the oil magnates by the stovemakers, and the cook stove men by the sugar trust, and the sugar interest by Wall Street, and the stock brokers by the labor unions, and the labor unions by the farmers, and the farmersŠGod help themŠby everybody. "I am not throwing in your face the dust of my li-brary. But if you will heed the symptoms from bank and office and factory and railroad headquarters and daily press, you have discovered that the very men who are making these combinations are beginning to be afraid of their own shadows. These very business men, who claim to have a monopoly of practical common sense, have involved themselves and all the rest of us in a grim tragedy of errors. They are already beginning to ask on the quiet how it is all to end. Whether they realize it or not, our vision of freedom is passing into the eclipse of universal corporate compulsion in the in-terest of capital. The march of human progress is get-ting reducible to marking time in the lock-step of capi-tal's chain-gang. "If you should inquire in certain quarters you would be told that there were in the United States a considera-ble number oi good pugilists. That is, they fight strictly within the rules of the game. This does not prove, how-ever, that pugilism is a good game. I have no doubt whatever that the vast majority of capitalists are good capitalists. They operate strictly within the rules of the game. Nevertheless, capitalism is not a good game, arid it is our business to see the reason why, viz., the whole programme of our present civilization turns at last on the calculation of effects upon the accumulation of cap-ital. "A program fit for Christian civilization would turn rather on its effects upon the quality of men that civili-zation shall produce. We have turned moral values up-side down. We are making men the means of making capital, whereas capital is only tolerable when it is sim-ply a means of making men. It would make infinitely more for human weal if every dollar of wealth should be cleaned from the earth, if we could have instead of it in-dustry and honesty and justice and love and faith, than to be led much further into this devil's dance of capitalism." Six hundred and eighty-two dead American soldiers from Cuba and Porto Rico were brought to this city, March 29, by a United States transport, and thirteen hundred more bodies are in Cuban ports awaiting simi-lar transportation in "the ocean hearse." A Sacrilegious Dog. UNDER the above heading the Roman Cathoiic paper, El Impartial, of Mexico City, published the following item in its issue of March 4, 1899f= "In the fifth street of Zaragoza lives the Ordenza family, one of whose members, Magdaleno, is very ill and about to die, for which reason the Viaticum was brought to her. " It the moment in which the priest was about to 