734 AMERICAN SENTINEL. fering with freedom of conscience, and opposing .a funda-mental principle of the Constitution. At the same time it would be said by these people that a law which would compel observers -of the seventh day to make a Sabbath day of Sunday, was not in any way intolerant, or opposed to the principles of free gov-ernment. A Sunday law lays the hand of force upon individuals of whatever occupation, and there is no escaping from it except by moving out of the country. There is nothing optional, or in the nature of a contract, about the oper-ation of the law of the land. But work for a business corporation is an optional matter entirely. No person is compelled to work for a firm that will not accommo-date its business regulations to the requirements of his religion. There is no involuntary servitude in this coun-try outside of its penal institutions. Such a thing is ex-pressly forbidden by the Constitution. There is all the difference in the world between turn-ing the power of the government against an individual to compel him to a certain line of conduct, and the en-forcing of a business regulation which causes inconveni_ ence to an individual on account of his religion, by a corporation which has no authority over him whatever outside of his relation to it as an employe. He may of course be thrown out of a job; but that is no interference with his rights as a individual of society. No individual has an inalienable right to a job. People who turn from the observance of the first day of the week to the seventh day, are almost always, if employes, thrown out of work in their former positions; but they never think of complaining that their rights have been infringed thereby. The Constitution does not undertake to say how corporations or any parties shall run their business; if it did it would be the laughing-stock of the nations, in-stead of commanding their respect. It deals only with the business of government; and its principles are vio-lated by governmental interference with conscience and by nothing less. Far-Seeing Leo. IN order that the scheme of the papacy shall not be recognized in its true light, it is necessary for the pope to appear as though he was in perfect accord with the United States with reference to the question of religious liberty. Consequently, Archbishop Chapelle hastened to tell the correspondent of the New York paper from which we quoted last week, that the "pope was absolutely in accord with the conditions of religious liberty existing in the United States, and would heartily welcome the same relation of church and state in Cuba, Porto Rico, and the Philippines should events establish our flag there permanently. . . . He believes in religious liberty before all things." How is this? How does it happen that the pope is "absolutely in accord with the conditions of religious liberty" as it exists in this country? Is this the "abso-lute" truth? Or is "His Holiness" lyingŠdoing evil that good may come? Or have the conditions of religious liberty in this country so changed that there is in this respect perfect agreement between this Government and the papacy? For it is certain that the papacy is opposed to religious libertyŠother than that which is based upon a "right conscience" (as Cardinal Gibbons artfully ex-presses it),Šthe only "right conscience" being the Cath-olic conscience. Only a few weeks ago there was published in a New York paper an interview had by W. T. Stead with a Belgian statesman of prominence, of pronounced liberal views, with direct reference to the question of reli-gious liberty in the Philippines. Asked if the pope shared his views on the question, the answer was: "You cannot expect the pope to make any declaration in that sense. He could not do so without repudiating doctrines af-firmed by his predecessors. . . . As a matter of prin-ciple, no pope can declare in favor of any refusal to en-force religious uniformity." But the principles of religious liberty that were 'adopted by the founders of this Government, and which are supposed to exist here to-day, were in direct opposi-tion to the papacy. And the papacy knows it. Thus a Catholic organŠthe Catholic WorldŠno longer ago than 1871 said: "Speaking of the Constitu-tion: As it is interpreted by the liberal and sectarian journals that are doing their best to revolutionize it, and is beginning to be interpreted by no small portion of the American people, or is interpreted by the Protestant principle so widely diffused among us, . . . we do not accept it, or hold it to be any government at all, or as capable of performing any of the proper functions of government; and if it continues to be interpreted by the revolutionary principles of Protestantism, it is sure to fail. . . . Hence it is we so often say that if the Amer-ican republic is to be sustained and preserved at all, it must, be by the rejection of the principle of the Reforma-tion, and the acceptance of the Catholic principle by the American people." It therefore follows that when the pope expresses himself as being "absolutely in accord with the conditions of religious liberty existing in the United States" we are left to conclude that either the pope is lying or that he has "repudiated the doctrines affirmed by his predeces_ sors" (in which case he will have ceased to be a Catholic, and therefore, in common fairness to the Catholic people, ought to vacate the pontifical chair);  or that the "con-ditions of religious liberty existing in the United States" to-day are entirely different to what they were formerly. And far-seeing Leo knows perfectly well that this last is true; while at the same time the American people are ignorant of it. And this very ignorance will enable the pope to more effectually "pull the wool" over the eyes of the American people. 