.)JANUARY .‚th, 1894. AionomcAN drift of the controversy on State aid for parochial schools, and through it feel the loyal heart-beat of the intelligence of the country for cur institutions. Being a Protestant,, I hold in common with other Protestants that denominations should keep their hands off of the public school funds. But owing to the fact that for some time past my studies have been much occupied with the drift of the young life of the land: toward. criminality, I do most heartily feel with the Roman Catholics in their desire to have their children in-structed in things deeper than mere secular knowl-edge. When we know that in 1850 we had but one criminal to 3,500 population, and to-day we have one to about every 645 of us, surely the demand for moral training seems to be sufficiently loud to startle all who love their country and their children. This is so; but another thing is also so, namely, that a very large proportion of these criminals have been " educated " in popish schools and instructed by popish priests. And yet it seems that the bishop is ready to go down into Egypt for help. Sunday Fishing and the Law. THE Court of Appeals has decided, four to three, that all fishing on Sunday in this State is contrary to law and a penal of-fense, whether done in open waters or in private ponds. This is in accordance with the attorney-general's recent ruling that the game and fish commissioners have nothing to do with the enforcement of the statute against Sunday fishing, because that statute was not enacted for the preservation of fish, but for the preservation of the Sabbata-rian character of Sunday. Now why should not this law be re-pealed ? It exists solely for the purpose of enforcing the religious observance of a day, and under our system and idea of government the State has no proper busi-ness to prescribe that or any other reli-gious observance. It is not the function of government in a free country which rejects the idea of State and Church union to say what days any man shall or shall not " keep holy." It is the business of the State to protect all men equally in their perfect religious liberty and beyond that to keep its hands off. Sunday fishing is in no sense disorderly. It is the quietest and most peaceful of occupations. Its prohibition cannot be justified upon any ground of necessity for the protection of anybody's peace. To many thousands of very hardwork-ing people an occasional Sunday's fishing is the only possible outing of a healthgiv-ing, refreshing character. To forbid it by law merely because the theological no-tions of some persons condemn it is to im-pose one man's conscience upon the con-duct of another without reason or right. The law ought to be abolished.ŠN. Y. World. Degenerate Sons of Noble Fathers. ONCE, the Baptists were the defenders of religious liberty in this country. When it was sought to establish the Church of England in Virginia, Baptists opposed it. And when it was proposed to levy a tax for the support of "the Christian religion" they opposed that also, because the same power that could establish Christianity to the exclusion of all other religions, could with the same ease establish any sect of Christianity to the exclusion of all other sects. But times change and Baptists change with them. Then the Baptists were a small sect struggling for existence, and had but recently felt the hand of persecu-tion. In Virginia their ministers had been arrested as "disturbers of the peace,"  simply because they had held meetings at which rude fellows of the baser sort had made disturbance. Holding and teaching doctrines and practices contrary to the prevailing doctrines and practices was the real offense. The " disturbance" was only a pretext. It is even so now. Ad-ventists are, in various places, arrested and imprisoned, nominally for working on Sunday; but really for teaching and prac-ticing contrary to the opinions and prac-tices of .their neighbors. And Baptists justify this persecution and demand that it shall be continued ! The Standard, a Baptist paper published in Chicago, has in its issue of December 7, an article by Rev. W. H. Geistweit, and also an editorial note on this subject, which fully justify the statement that Baptists are proving recreant to their principles and are belying their record as defenders of soul liberty. Mr. Geistweit says:Š Is the enforcement of the Sunday law religious per-secution ? Some ignorant people talk that way. In deed, it so happens many supposedly intelligent people argue in that direction. Let me answer it by asking another question: Is the trial of a thief religions per-secution ? Certainly not, you answer. But isn't the commandment " Thou shalt not steal" in the Bible ? Keep iii mind this view as I try to answer the first question more directly. The government, for the good of society, declares that a man shall not steal ; it doesn't declare it, primarily, because thievery is a sin against God; it is a law for the good of the whole family. This Government, the people who mold sen-timent, which crystallizes into law,Šdeclares that for the good of Ł society, and the welfare of the country, the wheels of business shall stop on the first day of the week; it is not intended, primarily, that men shall obey the law because it is a religious thing; the good of the whole family is aimed at. And just as a vio-lation of the law against thievery is a crime against the family, so a violation of a Sunday law is a crime against the family. Its religious aspect has no foot-hold in the government's view. To arrest a man for working on Sunday, for keeping open his saloon or store, is not religious persecution. If our Government should pass a law naming Wednesday as a day of rest, for the good of the family, as law-abiding citizens we should not work on that day. We might observe any other day, the first, or seventh, as our conscience dic-tates, but that does not give us license to break a law which in the opinion of the Government is for the good of the whole family. The Seventh-day Advent-ists work harder on Sunday than on any other day in the week, to show their contempt for the religious aspect of the day. But they are law-breakers, not necessarily against God, but against the laws of the country in which they live. I have looked for this view of the case, and am surprised to see so little made of it. But it seems to me that this is the very kernel of the whole matter. The maintenance of a civil law cannot be ascribed to religious persecution. Yet that cry is always raised when you come to discuss the Sunday question. The Government, under the Constitution, says : " You may think as you please, you may pray as you please, you may be a Trinitarian, or a Unitarian, or an infidel; you may have as many holy days as you please ; but to save this Government, to perpetuate it for the lmmon good, to save it from anarchy and bloodshed, it is deemed wise to say to the wheels of industry "stop." One day in seven is nec-essary to good citizenship ; if you go contrary to it, you are a law-breaker, and should be punished for it. The fallacy 4n his is in confounding civil and religious things. Laws for the protection of property are demanded in the interests of natural rights. But laws for the protection of Sunday are demanded solely in the interests of a religious dogma. The " good of society " is simply a pretext. Were Sunday not a religious institution we would hear nothing of Sun-day laws. Nobody ever heard of an en-forced holiday. It is only holy days that are forced upon people by law. But the real animus of the article is most clearly seen when we remember that it was written from a State which makes legal provision for ordinary labor on the first day of the week by those who ob-serve another day. But notwithstanding this, this professed minister of the gospel, and a Baptist, brands as " law-breakers "  who "ought to be punished" Seventh-day Adventists who work on Sunday There was a time when in Massachu-setts they had a law which required that for the good of society all parents should have their children sprinkled. BaptistS refused to obey that law and were whipped. Was it not religious persecution ? Cer-tainly ; but it was supported by arguments very similar to those now urged in de-fense of Sunday laws. The neglect of in-fant " baptism " and the vows which ac-companied it, it was urged would tend to' immorality and irreligion, and thus the very foundations of society would be sapped. The argument was just as good and just as valid as is the argument made in support of Sunday legislation. Another law of Massachusetts was that everybody should on Sunday reverently attend divine services. Certain Baptists failing to recognize the services of the Established Church of the colony as " di-vine services," refused to attend, and when forcibly taken to the meeting-house re-fused to remove their hats, or to otherwise manifest a reverence which they did not feel. For this they were cruelly whipped. Was this religious persecution ? Cer-tainly; and yet degenerate sons of noble Baptist fathers declare that the imprison-ment of Adventists for Sunday work is not religious persecution, and attempt to justify Sunday legislation ! And the Standard, a representative Baptist paper, commends this spirit and this demand, saying of the article from which we have quoted that it "makes clear the real sig-nificance of the attitude assumed toward violators of law, even when this attitude is assumed in the name of Christianity itself. Separation of Church and State does not mean the leaving of society to go to perdition, while discussing theological abstractions from the pulpit, or singing hymns in prayer-meetings." Roger Will-iams and a host of noble Baptist martyrs would blush for such representatives of Baptist principles. C. P. B.  -4- Ł Here's Great Detective Work. To the Editor of the Herald : I read the following in the Herald to- day:Š Morris Lichenaeun, of No. 220 Bowery, was arrested Sunday by Detective Sloan for selling him a shoestring for two cents in Park Row. Lichenaeun was held in $100 bail in the Tombs to stand trial for violation of the Sunday law. There is justice for you! There is " de-tective work" worthy of the name ! Sloan ought to have a higher place. A man who can accomplish such results without endangering life or limb should be pro-moted at once. Think of it ! Such a hardened wretch as this Lichenaeun must be, secretly, perhaps, and with malice aforethought, to assail the peace and safety of the great city of New YorkŠthe city which once boasted Tweed and which now boasts a still greater, Tam-manyŠby selling a shoestring in the street on Sunday ! What training Sloan must have gone through beforehand to enable him to ca-jole this sin-steeped, godless, Sunday-breaking vender of shoestrings to deliber-ately transact businessŠyes, Mr. Weller, business to such an extentŠon the " Amer-ican Sabbath "1 What piety, what sincere, Sabbath-keeping piety, must have filled the soul of this detective as he walked softly out in the hush of the sacred city on its sacred 