THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 59 It was the conservator of a form of religion, but was destitute of converting power. Now, frightened at the flood of iniquity, which the Saviour himself; and also his apostles, said should increase, and imagining that the world must all, be " converted," they choose a form of godliness for all, rather than real godliness for a few. In the above statement of the Professor's is seen the real hollowness of the National Reform movement. The speaker cited the Scripture mottoes which he saw on the drinking fountains in Scotland, the Corn Exchange and other build-ings in London, and statues, pictures, etc., in Germany, and said: " All this to me was very beautiful, as indicating the character of those who reigned." " I felt that religion was an element that pervaded society." Perhaps the Professor is more susceptible to religious in-fluences, than we are, but we care more for - deeds than for words% The actions of those who reign, and of the common people, are to us a better indication of the quality of the religion that pervades society, than any in-scriptions can be. We remember that the high priest whp sat in judgment on our Sav-iour, had the name of God bound upon his forehead; and texts of Scripture were worn on the, foreheads and arms of the very men who shouted, " Crucify him." True religion shows itself in something besides inscriptions and phylacteries. We. cannot understand how men so strict personally as the Reformed Presbyterians are, can look with complacency upon a. national religion that is only an empty shell. They seem to be infatuated, with the name of " national religion." We can notice only one more statement, and it is a very suggestive one. Speaking of Sunday laws, he remarked that some " corn- plications " have arisen in their enforcement, but that most States, have now an exemption clause in favor of those who observe the sev-enth day. Said he: "There are fears on the part of such [observers of the seventh day] that National Reform may result in persecu-tion. Whatever may be the result, there is noth-ing further from the hearts of those who are in this movement." We were sorry that he left the matter in this unsettled state. " What-ever may be the result," they do not intend to persecute anybody. We believe that, at least so far as Professor McCartney is con-cerned; but we would like to have had him tell the people his opinion as to what the re-sult might be. With the disgraceful record of Arkansas and Tennessee so fresh, it is easy to conjecture what the result may be.. The Professor doesn't think there will be any per-secution, because, as we learned in private conversation, he thinks that those who keep the seventh day will obey Sunday laws out of deference to the majority. The record of the past shows that in this he is mistaken. We do not see how such men as the Pro-fessor can satisfy their conscience by saying that "whatever may be the result," they don't mean to harm anybody, when they must know, and do know, that the success of their movement can result in nothing else but per-secution to dissenters. Here is the picture :  A boy is standing on the top of a cliff, with a huge rock just balanced on the edge; below there are a great many people; just before he gives the rock a shove, he calls out: "You folks down there seem to be greatly afraid that this rock will hurt some of you; but I want you to understand that whatever the re-sult may be, I have no evil designs toward any of you; I am going to roll this rock down the cliff merely to gratify myself, and not for the purpose of injuring you; it won't hurt you unless you happen to be in its way." Very consoling isn't it? Cannot our friends, the National Reformers, see themselves some- where in the above picture ? E. J. W. Rome's Influence. IF anybody fails to see that the Papacy is now fast moving into the place of the greatest influence of any earthly organization, not only in Europe, but in this Nation as well, we can only wonder what he can be doing with his eyes. In Europe, to say nothing of Catholic countries, which, as a matter of course, are subject to the Pope, Germany is subject to the dictation of the Pope; England is glad to obtain his help in her political affairs; and even the autocrat of all the Russias is willing to make overtures to the Pope. In our own country Rome's influence is growing faster than any other one thing. Everybody knows that it was the word " Ro-manism " in an unfortunate alliteration that cost Blaine the presidency. in 1884. The edi-tor of the Converted Catholic says that more Senators and Representatives send their sons to the Jesuit College at Georgetown, than to all the other institutions of learning at Wash-ington. This proves, either that a large num-ber of Senators and Representatives are Catho-lics, or that Rome has more influence with Senators and Representatives than have all the other educational institutions in Washington put together. L. Q. C. Lamar was lately Secretary of the Interior. He was charged with giving to Catholics more positions in his department than to other denominations. His reply was, that "if the Roman Catholics have been rec-ognized to a greater extent than other denom-inations, it is only because they have asked more largely ; " and explains this by saying that the Romish Church' has at Washington " an energetic and tireless director, who is act-ive to seize opportunities for extending mis-sionary and educational work among the Indians." The Government Superintendent of Indian Schools is a Catholic; and the Christian Union says that four-fifths of the Gov-ernment Indian schools, under religious con-trol, have been given to the Romish Church. The Assistant Attorney-General of the De-partment of the InteriorŠMr. Zach. Mont-gomeryŠis a Roman Catholic, with all the Roman Catholic enmity to the public schools, and hesitates not to use his official influence to show it. Not long since, in an address at Carroll Institute, he openly denounced the public-school system as godless, anti-parental, and destructive of happiness. And the Senate  knew his enmity to the public schools when it confirmed him as Assistant Attorney-Gen-eral. We would not have a word to say against Catholics being given public and official po-sitions in any department of Government, were it not that the allegiance of every Catho-lic is paid to the Pope before it is to the United States, and must be so paid, or else he ceases to be a good Catholic; every soul of them enters politics, or into official positions, as a Catholic; and the Pope has commanded all Catholics to do all in their power to cause the legislation of States to be shaped upon the model of the " true church." Next th'e secular press is captivated by the seductive influences of the Papacy. Not only is this true of that portion of the press which makes politics a trade, and which professedly follows, while it leads, public influence; it is equally true of the great magazines. In the Century for May, 1888, there was published a most flattering tribute to the Pope, with full- page portrait, under the title of " The Person-ality of Leo XIII." And in the Forum for April, 1888, Rome forms the subject of two long articlesŠone, "Civil Government and Papacy," the other, "Socialism and the Catho-lic Church." Next after the political world and the secu-lar press, there is the "Protestant" religious world and its press. And in hardly anything does this take second place after the others, in this truckling flattery to the Papacy. The Evangelist, the Christian Union, the Christian at Work, the Independent, and other papers of lesser note, all pay flattering tribute to Rome. The Evangelist acknowledges Cardinal Gib-bons as its ",only Cardinal; " the Independent wishes the Pope " a long reign and Godspeed in his liberalizing policy ; " the Christian at Work salutes him as "Holy Father," and in the name of " the whole Christian world" glo-rifies him as "this venerable man whose loy-alty to God and zeal for the welfare of human-ity are as conspicuous as his freedom from many of the errors and bigotries of his pred-ecessors, is remarkable';" and the Christian Union acknowledges him as "a temporal prince " and " Supreme Pontiff." Nor are the " Protestant " doctors of divinity one whit be-hind these "Protestant" papers. Rev. Charles W. Shields, D. D., of Princeton College, writ-ing of the reunion of Christendom, said of a certain position, that it would not do to take it, becauseŠ "You would exclude the Roman Catholic Church, the mother of us all; the church of scholars and saints, of Augustine, and Aquinas, and Bernard, and Fenelon; the church of all races, ranks, and classes, which already gives signs of being American as well as Ro-man, and the only church fitted, by its hold upon the working masses, to grapple with that labor problem before which our Protest-ant Christianity stands baffled to-day."ŠNew York Evangelist, February 9, 1888. Yes, the Catholic Church does give signs of becoming American as well as Roman, and the surest sign of this is the readiness with which Americans and professed Protestants surrender to her all their dearest interests of man in order to secure her influence. 