374 AIME/a:1RX C.AN 1H.N°1  NMI,. VOL. 10, Xo. 47. ply because it was the weekly anniversary of the Lord's resurrection. They abstained from labor, not because of the Decalogue, but be-cause servile labor was one of the consequences of the fall of man from which Christ had re-deemed them. But it is intolerant, bigoted and cruel to persecute and prosecute a sincere, earnest and truly religious body of men and women simply because they observe a day of rest which does not please the majority of people. It is not claimed that they interfere with the liberty or comfort or worship of any of their fellow-citizens, but only that they are offending the dominant religious sense of the community. That is what it practically amounts to. Ł Ł  NOT APPOINTED TO GOVERN THE STATE. [The Outlook, Nov. 2.] THE minister is not sent to govern, either in Church or in State. Whether individuals or parties come before him, he may reply, with Christ, " Who set me to be a judge over yen ?" He makes a mistake if he endeavors to carry his ministerial authority into the realm of politics. His kingdom is not of this world; it is a kingdom of truth, and he that is of the truth heareth his voice. When min-isters have undertaken to control the political administration of the world, they have made a poor business of itŠand this whether they were Roman Catholic priests in mediaeval Europe, or Presbyterian elders in the Barebones Parliament, or Episcopal bishops in the House of Lords, or Congregational clergy in the Puritan hierarchy of New Eng-land. It is true that the minister is also a private citizen, and as a private citizen may take his part in political discussions, but even this he would better do cautiously, if at all. He has a grander service than that of reform-ing society, namely, regenerating it. To in-spire a higher spirit of justice, purity, and patriotism in men of all parties is a nobler service than to shape the political platform or influence the political nominations of any one party. And as he is not appointed to govern in the State, so neither is he appointed to govern in the Church. He is not a lord over God's heritage; he is not to be called master, nor is he ever to forget that he who is the greatest is the servant of all. Nor is this any real self-abnegation. Influence is more valuable than power. Pilate and Caiaphas had power, one in the State, the other in the Church; and the State and Church where they re-spectively ruled are both disintegrated. Christ had influence; it survived his death and has created new States and a new church. Power belongs to the form of organization, and per-ishes when the form changes; influence is vital, and is as immortal as life itself. "FAR OUT OF THEIR PROVINCE." [Free Press, Murfreesboro, Tenn., Nov. 23.] WE have no respect for that man or that body of men who arrogate to themselves the right to say by what method a man shall address himself to a higher being. Man may control man's fleshly tendencies, but when he presumes to dictate to a fellow-being what he shall or shall not do when that fellow-being is making petition by word or deed to God is unwarranted and even blasphemous. He who throws obstacles in the way of him who is earnestly and conscientiously seeking to carry out the teaching of his Maker treads on dan-gerous territory. PENNSYLVANIA STRUGGLING FOR LIBERTY. [The Philadelphia Record, Aug. 8.] THERE is at present on the statute books of this commonwealth a law which is in itself a reproach to the intelligence, the liberality and the justice of any Democratic-Republican community. This law strikes at the very root of personal liberty. Every American citizen should have respect for law; and, in fact, most Americans have an ardent and constant regard for proper authority. But when laws like the Sunday law of 1794 are made, and obedience to them is required, the citizen should protest frankly and emphatically against their operation. Laws of this charac-ter have no place in our civil code. They are a relic of medimval monasticism. . . The people have borne with them long enough. They have obeyed them with the same spirit that one complies with the whims and caprices of an old maid. But now they are tired, nauseated, and disgusted with the long-standing farce. And in the name of decency, and out of respect for the personal liberty guaranteed by the men of 1776 and 1789, they demand the immediate repeal of the Sunday law of 1794. Its provisions are subversive of true liberty; its restraint is opposed to the spirit of religious tolerance; it is in itself unreason-able, iniquitous and tyrannical. Liberty re-quires that it be repealed; the people demand it! Blot it out! A PRAYER FOR LIBERTY. BY FANNIE BOLTON. DARK were the clouds that once shadowed the land, When the State held the conscience with stern, iron hand, When freedom of worship, by law was curtailed, And sweet Liberty's banner no more was unfurled. Oh! oh I then were sighs of woe. Oh! oh! then were tears allow. Oh! oh! prayers were whispered low,Š " Father in heaven, we look to thee, Earth's mighty nations speak tyranny, Turn this fierce tide, and calm this wild din, And keep us from sin. . . . Hear our prayer." And God above listened in love; Sent down the light that scattered night, Till Liberty once more was free To lend her help to you and me. S weet peace rules the world where Liberty reigns; Injustice is banished with torture and pains. The Dark Ages flee 'neath the light of her smile, And kindness and beauty touch nations the while. Oh ! oh ! shall it not be so ? Oh! oh! bring us no more woe. Oh, oh, let our prayers breathe low,Š Father in heaven, we look to thee; Sweep from our country dread tyranny. Quell this fierce strife, and calm this wild din, And keep us from sin. . . . Thus we pray. But should the storm break on our path Let no alarm come from earth's wrath. Calmly in love, we'll look to thee, Father, in whom is Liberty. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT IN MARYLAND. THE Baltimore Methodist, " published by the authority and with the patronage of the Bal-timore Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church," is making a strong fight for general Sunday-law enforcement in that city. All that was required in Baltimore to secure the prosecution of a poor Seventh-day Advent-ist cobbler, was for one or two Sunday-keepers to lodge complaint against him with the police authorities. He was then watched and ar-rested for mending shoes in his own rooms on  Sunday. But thus far, to the best of our knowledge, the Baltimore Methodist has called in vain upon the police authorities to close the saloons upon Sunday. The editor com-plains, in his issue of Oct. 3, that notwith-standing the fact that he " went under oath before the grand jury and most plainly told those gentlemen some startling facts," the saloons complained of are still open on Sun-day. " We write this with the blush of shame," says this Methodist editor. Almost in despair he says :Š Information comes to us direct that after our testi-mony was given, the grand jury had a prolonged dis-cussion, as a number of jurors contended that the evi-dence furnished was not sufficient upon which to frame indictments. We stand amazed. Is Towsonton waiting for more evidence ? What stronger testimony can be given? We have done filthier work than we ever dreamed of doing to get satisfactory evidence. The editor himself trudged through heat and sand much to his discomfort, sabbath after sabbath, secured in-controvertible testimony, and at sacrifice of time and placing ease in the background, spent hours at the county seat. And all this was practically to no purpose, which goes to emphasize the fact that there is not sufficient public sentiment back of Sunday laws to secure their enforcement, except against a small minority, whose religious be-lief and practice is not in accord with that of their neighbors. CATHOLICS ON SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. SEVERAL of the Catholic papers have had in them recently, various notices relative to the part "Protestant " ministers are taking in trying to follow Dr. Parkhurst, One of the strongest items of the kind which has come to our notice was a letter from "Father" O'Keefe to some ministers in Towson, Md. It seems the Protestant clergy had thought it was incumbent upon them to investigate the infractions of Sunday laws, and wishing to make the matter as universal as possible they invited " Father " O'Keefe to be present at and to take part in their deliberations. " Father" O'Keefe took occasion to reply to the invitation, and at the same time gave them a terrible scoring for the efforts they were putting forth, to do, as he called it, the work of " spies and detectives." And now comes the following, from the Pittsburg Catholic, of Nov. 14 :Š That Ohio minister, a candidate for the State legisla-ture, who thought he could put money in his pocket by promising his vote, if elected, to Senator Brice, is in bad odor. His pulpiteers reject him, and his fel-low-citizens regard him as a Judas. In the days of "Old Hickory," a minister called on him for an office, stating that he had stumped for his election every week-day of his campaign and preached for the Lord on Sundays. Jackson turned short to him, and look-ing him squarely in the face, said: "By the Eternal, if you would cheat for the Lord you would cheat the country. I will have nothing to do with you nor with anything like you. Good morning ! " The political preacher was justly estimated. As a rule we take issue with those of the Catholic faith upon nearly every point, and it gives us a good deal of satisfaction to be able to say "Amen" to much which " Father" O'Keefe says. (We print this letter for the information of our readers, on page 373.) It is certainly true that the Lord has never put it upon any of his ministers to meddle in civil affairs, and this only goes to show that the Church, having lost the power of God, still retaining the form of godliness, tries to make up for the deficiency by getting the State to legislate in its behalf, and then the ministers of the church freely assist the officers of the law in enforcing those measures which have been adopted at the instigation of the clerical party. 