EVERY LADY WANTS OUR STOVE-POLISHING MITTEN, Will polish a stove better than any-thing on earth, and keep your hands clean at the same time. Ladies tiny it at sight. They nil want it. ilia Profits to Agents. Sample Mitten and Dauber by mail, 30 ets. We also send a Ladies' Magazine Free 3 months with each order. SOCIAL VISITOR CO., Ł Box 3139, Boston, Mass, I0VEMBER o, 1804. Amnnitc.A.N 313 cardinal archbishop of Baltimore declared in his Sunday sermon that he would lay down his life gladly to bring about the reunion of Christendom. Concessions in discipline, he said, could be made, and every obstacle in the way of a return to the faith of our fathers, that could be taken away, should be moved. Surely there would be joy in Heaven if all Chris-tians would put aside their differences in doctrine and realize the prayer of Christ that his disciples should be one, even as he and the Father were one !ŠCatholic Review, Nov. 17, Sunday Enforcement. THE International Sunday Observance League, though only incorporated eight months ago, is making rapid strides to-ward giving us a peaceful Sabbath. Its object is to promote a more general and thorough observance of the law of God, as laid down in the fourth commandment; to the end that the desecration of the Christian Sabbath day, by unnecessary labor and amusements, may be suppressed ; that man may rest and be refreshed in body, mind, and soul; to maintain good morals and the peace and good order of society, and with this end in view, to establish State, provincial, and local or-ganizations, whose object and purpose shall be to cooperate in the enactment and enforcement of laws for the . suppression of all violations of the Sabbath day and to promote the highest and truest patriotism. The work of the league is intended to em-brace all objects pertaining to good gov-ernment, including among other things the election of persons of good moral char-acter to public office. The league has adopted a constitution, so framed that all persons, irrespective of creed, desirous of promoting an improvement in public mo-rality, may become members, including men or women, boys and girls, old and young. The league has commenced by injunction, the prosecution of the Chicago League Baseball Club and other kindred clubs, to restrain them from playing Sun-day games, and purposes to carry the case to a successful termination. It is also engaged upon other plans of reform which cannot yet be made public because not fully matured. The membership is con-stantly increasing, and it is the desire that this fall it may reach 50,000.ŠInterior, Chicago, Nov. 1. Torquemada Not Christ. THE Christian(?) spirit that actuates the Sunday-law party is illustrated by the following period occurring in the columns of one of its foremost organs : " John Joy, convicted, in San Francisco, for robbing a man of five dollars, was sentenced, under the habitual criminal act, to life imprison-ment. What short work a law like this would make of the Sunday paper in Penn-sylvania." The contemplation of a law imposing the penalty of life imprisonment for Sunday work causes these misguided zealots to smack their lips with desire. Is this the spirit of Christ or of Torquemada? Such sentiments, expressed in these days, cause good men to shudder.ŠAdvent Re-view and Sabbath Herald ( Mich.), Nov. /2. HERE is richness expressed from the Western Watchman (Roman Catholic) :Š The Bureau of Indian Affairs is maturing a scheme to establish public schools in all the reservations and to abolish the contract schools. This would be the. death of many flourishing Indian schools, and would be a long step backward in the way of civilizing the  Indians. Indians do not want a knowledge of the three R's. They do not need to read, because they have no books and no newspapers. They do not need to write, because they never leave each other far enough and long enough for correspondence. They do not need to cipher, because they have no accounts to keep that they cannot carry on their ten fingers. But they do need religion, and they will study to read and write in order to acquire a knowledge of the faith. Indian schools are a farce unless they are religious schools. Are we to understand that this is the theory of instruction in the Catholic con-tract schools, which, it tells us, will be abolished by a public school system ? No reading, no writing needed; no ciphering, nothing but religion ? That is worse than we imagined. We hope it is one of Father Phelan's editorial jokes. Š The Independent, Nov. 1, 1894. THE St. Paul Dispatch speaks of a " Queer Case " in which a Seventh-day Adventist justice of the peace fined a man for misbehavior, but allowed him time to raise the money. He presented it on the Sabbath; but the justice could not con-scientiously receive it, and now the cul-prit refuses to tender it again. The ques-tion is whether he can be compelled to do so, or whether the officer was justified in refusing it when proffered. In our opin-ion he would have been justified in keep-ing out of the office.ŠAdvent Review and Sabbath Herald. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Rarnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - - - $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address. Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - ($) Ss. Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A " Before He is Twenty," " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question." IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. IT IS divided into five chapters, by as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a boy's life. The first chapter, "THE Boy AND His FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " WHEN HE DECIDES," " THE BOY IN THE OFFICE," " His EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and "BOOKING TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and helpful. 104 pages, bound in cloth, embossed in jet and gold, price, - - - - 95 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, PRISON LIGHT It Edited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted. 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents. Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT, 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt.  The Graphic Atlas AND Gazetteer of the World. With over 220 Maps, Charts, Plans of Cities, etc., All revised to the present date. ŠALSOŠ GAZETTEER with nearly 55,000 PLACES and RESULTS of NEW CENSUS. By J. Q BARTHOLOMEW, P.R Q.S., F.R.S. E. Quarto (size, 10 x 8;4 inches), half morocco, gilt top. PUBLISHER'S PRICE, - $7.10 OUR PRICE, Post-paid, $3.75 Throughout the Atlas the countries of the world have been treated with fullness in proportion to their commercial importance and interest. In the United States section a separate Map is given of each of the States and Territories. The Canadian Provinces are treated in similar detail. These Maps have been specially compiled from the latest and best Government. Survey Maps, and have undergone local revision for the verification of New Counties, Townships and Railways. Among the special features are Maps of the Hudson and Rhine Rivers, the Yosemite Valley, United States Rail ways, British Isles Railways, mean Annual Temperature, mean Annual Rainfall; also Maps showing environs of New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, San Francisco, New Orleans, Montreal, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Rio Janeiro, London, Liverpool, Manchester, Moville, Paris, Vienna, Rome, Constantinople, Cape Town, Jerusalem, etc., etc. The GAZETTEER of the WORLD is a valuable feature for such a book of reference. It contains entries for about 55,000 places, is compiled from the latest authorities, and is specially complete in American names. The results of the Now Census have been incorporated. For compactness and portability this volume is, in proportion to its ample contents, quite unique among Atlases. ----ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New -York City. 