780 AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN opinion filed by the Supreme Court of Michigan, December 6, holds that reading from the Bible without comment as a part of public school exercises, is consti-tutional, especially where the pupils are not required to listen. The court did not say whether the King James or the Douay translations should be used, but the deci-sion will amount to nothing until Protestants and Cath-olics have settled the controversy which lies between them on this point. * THE pope, says a London despatch, has sent a nun-cio to Madrid, to impress upon the Spanish clergy that it is their duty to oppose the movement for the restora-tion of the Carlist monarchy. The pope does not hesi-tate to dictate the politics of his adherents in Spain, and there is nothing in logic or the principles of papal belief which binds him to take a different course towards his adherents in any other country, not excepting the United States. * * THE President's message to Congress conspicuously omits any reference to the race problem which recent events in the South have impressed so painfully upon the public attention, or to the labor problem as it has developed, recently in Illinois. Congress might certainly do worse than concern itself earnestly and patiently with the question of the elimination or amelioration of these difficulties which so vitally concern the welfare of millions of American citizens and the stability of govern-ment at home. IT is reported that Japan has made a bid of $200,-000,000 for the possession of the Philippine Islands. The paper which publishes this statement says:Š "It is known that an influential senator recently had along talk with the President, at which the disposition of the Philippines was the main topic of conversation. The argument of the senator was that while he was opposed to the holding of the Philippines, he had now become convinced that it would be necessary to hold the island of Luzon. ' HE told the President that it would be to the ad-vantage of the Government to dispose of all of thegroup except Luzon, and that it would be the better plan to have several purchasers for the group. In other words, he would avoid all possible complications by letting Ger- many, England, France, Japan, and Russia into the gi-gantic auction sale." And the same paper adds: "The positive statement,  is made that the President signified his assent to this elaborate scheme." IT appears from this that the Government is not only willing to buy the eight millions of Filipinos from Spain, but also to sell the greater part of them to the highest bidder, be that bidder a heathen nation like Japan, or a despotism as utterly opposed to free government as is Russia. It is to be hoped that the United States will not make itself a party to what would be the most gigantic slave deal on record. "IN countries where the Sabbath is most profaned, like Spain, France, Italy, and Bavaria," said a clergy-man, recently, in a discourse on patriotism, "society is grossly immoral." But all these countries are Roman Catholic countries, in all which countries there has long been a union between religion and the state. All these countries have maintained religion by state laws, and yet they are the countries in which "the Sabbath is most profaned;" and so, to guard against profanation of the "Sabbath" in America, it is said that Sabbath observ-ance must be enforced by state law! State support of religion is the very essence of the papal system; and this system will not bear different fruit now as regards Sab-bath observance than it has always borne in the past. Clerical Assumption. EDITOR SENTINEL:ŠThe quiet little city of Moncton has been stirred from center to circumference during the past few days by the clergymen composing the Ministe- rial Alliance sending a protest to the city council, against the "Robinson Opera Company" singing a sacred concert in the opera house belonging to the city, and leased by A. E. Holstead. This is their letter:Š "We, the undersigned, pastors of the city of Moncton, beg respectfully to call attention of the mayor and coun-cil to the proposed concert in the opera house in the city building on Sunday evening next. "We beg to suggest that the sale of tickets as adver-tised is contrary to law, and that the holding of such a concert by a comic opera company is a desecration of the Lord's day: "We, therefore, request you as custodians of the true interests of the city to stop the holding of such a concert, which, if held, could only prove the entering wedge of wholesale desecration of our Christian Sabbath. "Signed (by seven clergymen)." On the strength of this, the mayor called together the aldermen in council to consider the matter. After a few minutes talk, Alderman Masters moved, seconded by 