AMERICAN SENTINEL. 675 the church is concerned, simply beating the air; but so far as the people are concerned it is cruel oppression and also absolutely vain. The reason that ecclesiastical rulers in governments are always more oppressive and cruel than are merely civil rulers, is that the ecclesiastic, looking at all obli-gations of men in a moral and spiritual light, sees these things in a deeper and more intense sense than it is pos-sible for one to see who views the obligations of men only in a natural and civil light. And the ecclesiastical ruler seeing things in a deeper and more intense sense, in enforcing upon natural men by natural means, these obligations as he sees them, he inevitably goes beyond all bounds of natural justice, outrages the sense of jus-tice in men, and is a cruel oppressor who undermines public order. For this reason no preacher has any right to sit in his study and exercise devotional functions, until he has attained a high plane of spiritual view, and discerns to an intense spiritual degree the viciousness of vice, and the enormity of sin, and then rush forth to brandish right and left the policeman's club over mayor and police as well as over those who are sunken in vice and laden with outbreaking sins. The gross inconsistency of such procedure is so apparent that it offends and repels the very ones who most need help, and would gladly receive help, if help were really offered. Every preacher has the right, the divine right, it is indeed by his very profession his bounden duty, by dili-gent study and the exercise of every devotional func-tion, to attain to the highest possible plane of spiritual view and to discern to the most intense degree the enor-mity of vice and the deadly nature of sin. And when he has done all this then let him, in the depth of intense pity and the greatness and tenderness of divine love, go to the sin-laden and the lost with these SPIRITUAL WEAPONS ONLY. The perfect consistency of this course commends itself to everybody. It wins the con-fidence, if not the whole hearts, of those who need help, for it is genuine help that is offered. It commands the respect, the confidence, and even the co-operation of mayor and police in a much easier way and to a far greater extent than it is possible to have in any other way. Also on the other hand, on the side of the natural, the civil, all is then consistent. For, men who are merely civil rulers and who have no connection with ec-clesiastical or spiritual things, viewing things in the light of natural justice and civil order, when they enforce obligation or law as they see it, are always within the bounds of natural justice and equity: the sober sense of justice and equity in the people approves it, and pub-lic order is conserved. Therefore it is to the vital interest of every member of the state, in the interests of healthy public order, to see to it that no person who is of the church shall ever have anything to do with the affairs of the state. And  it behooves every soul who is of the church to see to it that he himself shall hold himself strictly within the realm of the spiritual, where he professes to belong. Only thus can there be the true separation of church and state, which is according to Christianity. Other-wise there is a union of church and state, that inevita-bly involves untold evils which appear more and more as time may go on. A. T. J. America Ceasing to Protest. Countess von Irockow, of Dresden, in N. Y. "Independent." IF the American republic ever meant anything his-torically, it meant a protest against Europe. Its Declar-ation of Independence was a looking backward over Eu-ropean conditions and a summing up of all the experi-ence thus won. It corresponded politically to Luther's Theses ; just as the one was a renunciation of Catholi-cism, so was the other a renunciation and defiance of imperialism. Over 100 years it has endured. Europe has not changed essentially meanwhile. It has forms of liberty ; but the substantial reality is still militarism, or government by authority and the might of the strongest. So if Europe be unchanged, why should America relinquish her avocation of protestation by turning round and becoming like her? Alas, it is all for the possession of some far-away islands, and for the sake of smoothing the path for some traders to grow rich! Oh, madness, I say, madness! They are doing they know not what ; giving up their birthright for a, mess of pottage ; surrendering their grand attitude of protest, wherein they commanded the respect of the powerful and the adoration of the idealists of the world, to scramble with the effete old nations for land ! For land, although they already possess so much. They re-pudiate their Declaration in spirit and in word for a strip of rich land ! The fact seems incredible. But it has its parallel. The whole Anglo-Saxon race, if the truth be mentioned, is forsaking spiritual vantage ground. The wave of re-action that is upheaving the Yankee from his Plymouth rock of protest against government by authority is press-ing Englishmen off the pure, bleak Nights of evangelical-ism toward the lowlands of sumptuous, imperious ritu-alism. Loud is the boasting that goes on about the progress of the Anglo-Saxon. "We hear, brethren, but we do not see." GREATLY as the peace of the world is endangered by the standing armies of the various nations, each coun-try is in greater danger from its own military force than is any other. The Catholic Times truly says: "There are few thinking men in Europe to-day who hesitate to acknowledge that the growth of armed forces is becom-ing a serious menace to the permanence of civil and re- 