32 TI E AMERICAN SENTINEL. bodied the truth, the whole truth, and only the truth, their enforcement could still have but one tendency, and that wo-ild be toward keeping men in childish ignorance, and away from all possible development of a righteous character. When, as is always the case, these laws are an embodiment of that which is false, then their enforcement is simply enforced sin. G. E. FIFIELD. Ł $  0- Man vs. Society. THERE appears to be, at the present time, a bewildering current of thought running through our modern democracy, which strikes at the very foundation of liberty. The apparent impotence of the older means of action to restrain irreligion or simply religious indifference, seems to tend to unsettle all fixed principles of govern-ment or law. And the impression seems to prevail that the irregularities or de- formities of the moral man must needs be corrected by some sort of legislation, and thus the threatened dangers which appear on the horizon of the social and religious world will be averted. How important that, at such a crisis, the principles which constitute the basis of society be not ignored or done away with! How important that the dangers which threaten liberty should be met with- out compromisingŠfor the sake of tem-porary and only apparent successŠthe principles, without which the greatest na- tions go to speedy ruin! The following, which I translate from the French, of Alexander Rudolphe Vinet, will, I think, be read with profit in this line of thought, and although only an illustration, will be found deeply suggest- ive :Š It is with the soul enlisted in the life of religion or thought, as with a ship launched upon the waters, and seeking, through the ocean, the shores of a new world. This ocean is society, religious or civil. . . The ocean carries the ship, but the ocean can engulf it, and does sometimes. So-ciety engulfs us more frequently still; but then she carries us, and we cannot land without being carried by her; for she is like the sea, which, not so fluid as the air and not so dense as the earth, yields to us just enough, and resists us just enough, to help on, without hindering, our journey toward its de-sired end. Our destination is not at the bottom, but at the other side of the sea. While sailing upon these deep waters, let us be careful not to disappear into their depths. Let us be contented to yield the keel of our ship to the element which carries us. It is possible to founder on the ocean of society-as well as on the ocean of our globe, and it is useless to say upon which of the two oceans shipwrecks are the more frequent. The ship which every one of us is expected to steer and save is the individuality. I admire alike the ship and the ocean, man and humanity. No humanity without a man, no man without a humanity. I love to gaze, in turn, upon these two forces, observing the mutual help they give to each other, and also their mutual opposition, which, in a sense, is also a help. . . The ocean is made for -the ship, not the ship for the ocean; the essential thing, the ultimate object, is that the ship shall land, that the individual man, the real object of God in his creative work, shall accomplish his destination, by remaining himself in direct connec- tion with God. Society is helping him by carrying him; but he is distinct from society, and cannot be blended with her ; and woe unto her as well as unto him, should she happen to engulf him. The keel which the shipŠmanŠyields to the seaŠsocietyŠrepresents the social re-strictions brought to bear upon each cit-izen,Šthe price paid by him in his con-tract with society; in other words, his obedience to the legitimate laws of the State, laws which insure personal protec-tion, property, and decency. The swallow-ing of the entire shipŠof man's individ-ualityŠillustrates the encroachments of the State on the moral rights of the indi-vidualŠthe fatal obedience of the latter to legislation in matters of conscience and religion. How much talk there is nowadays about such legislation! and what will become of thousands of beautiful ships on the sea of our modern civilization ? JOHN VUILLEUMIER. A Proper Compensation. Two Harvard youths, making a pedes-trian tour in the Scottish Highlands, were in the habit of stopping at small farm: houses and asking for milk, the charge for which was invariably a penny a glass. Calling one Sunday at a romantic-looking cottage, in beautiful Glen Nevis, they were sourly received by the cottager's wife; and though the milk was supplied, the proffered two-pence was refused, with solemn ad-monition as to the impropriety of such doings on such a day. The collegians were turning away with a courteous word of thanks, when the woman made her meaning clear. " Na, na! " she cried ; " I'll no' tak' less than saxpence for br'akin' the Sawbath ! "ŠHarper's Mag-azine. The Result of Religious Legislation. LIKE causes produce Eke effects. As the result of the " Christianization " of the State by legal enactments in Con-stantine's time, bishoprics were bought and sold just the same as secular offices were and are now. The richest and most influential men secured the office of bishop, and used that office to increase their wealth and influence. Since religion was regu-lated by the civil law, the emperor was the natural head of the church ; and since he also was the dispenser of patronage, men professed Christianity in order to secure office. The emperor continued to be head of the church until he transferred that dignity to, the powerful bishop of Rome, whose assistance he needed in civil matters. Religion was then a matter of policy. And that is just what would happen - in this country if religion, were upheld by legal enactment. We care not how pure the motives of some of the advocates of the religious amendment: may be, when the proposed amendment is adopted, the results briefly  indicated above will follow, just as surely as the night follows the day. And that is the state of things these men, in their blindness, imagine that Christ would sanc-tion.ŠWatertown ( S. D.) Sentinel. IT seems strange that in a State profess-ing to treat its citizens equally in the matter of religion, the book from which is drawn the religion of a numerous body of it citizens should be used as a manual of worship in schools for the people, supported by taxing the entire body of citizens. This is a palpable in-vasion of the province which the State professes to leave to the individual con-science. If the religious book of one por-tion of the people is to be used by the State, the other portions may with justice claim that their hooks should also have State sanction. If the Christian has his Bible read as a religious book, not simply as literature, in the common schools, with equal justice may the Chinaman demand the reading of Confucius, the Turk the reading of the Koran, the infidel the read-ing of the " Mistakes of Moses," and the Agnostic the reading of Spencer and Hux-ley. But the majority rules, it is said; and as these others are in a hopeless mi-nority, the Bible should be used as the choice of the majority. No, in this matter the majority does not rule; for it lives under a form of Government which separ-ates Church and State, and declares that a man shall not have an obnoxious religion forced upon him or his children, though he be in a minority of one. Moreover, our public school system should be put on a broad and enduring basis that- shall avoid the dangers of controversy and of changing opinion in religious matters.ŠHenry N. Moore, in Christian Union. RELIGIOUS zeal enlists the strongest prej-udices of the human mind; and when misdirected excites the worst passions of our nature, under the delusive pretext of doing God service. Nothing so infuriates the heart to deeds of rapine and blood, nothing is so incessant in its toils, so per-severing in its determination, so appalling in its course, or so dangerous in its conse-quences. The equality of rights secured by the Constitution, may bid defiance to mere political tyrants : but the robe of sanctity too often glitters to deceive. The Constitution regards the conscience of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more authority to adopt a measure affecting the conscience of a solitary individ-ual than that of a whole community. That representative who would violate this prin-ciple would lose his delegated character, and forfeit the confidence of his constitu-tion.ŠCol. Richard M. Johnson. A FACT is as difficult to change as for a bigot to be conscious that he is one.ŠSturdy Oak. 