266 SIT,Nr1F111‚11b2,1..i. VoL. 10, No. 34. such it is to-day, "No farther back than 1816," says ,Wylie, " Pope Pius VII., in his bull, denounced the Bible Society, and expressed himself as shocked' by the circulation of the Scriptures, which he characterizes as a most crafty device, by which the very foundations of religion are undermined;' Z'a pestilence,' which it behoves him to remedy and abolish;' a defilement of the faith, eminently danger-ous to souls.' He congratulates the primate, to whom his letter is addres-ed, on the zeal he had shown to detect and overthrow the impious machinations of these innovators;' and represents it as an episcopal duty to expose the wicks Mess of this nefarious scheme,' and openly to )filblish that the Bible printed by heretics is fo` to be numbered among other prohibited boas, conformably to the rules of the index; for it is evident from experience, that the holy Scriptures, when circulated in the vulgar tongue, have, through the temerity of men, produced more harm than benefit." Thus, in the solemn judgment of the Church of Rome, expressed through her chief organ, the Bible has done more evil than good, and is .beyond comparison the worst book in the world."' In America, Satolli, the papal delegate, tells the people to "go forward bearing in one hand the book of Christian truthŠthe Bible; " but in Roman Catholic countries the Word of God is still a forbidden book; and as we shall see, the Bible, as the supreme author-ity in matters of faith, is still forbidden by Rome even in this country. Some years ago, while Rome was yet under the rule of the pope, an English clergyman found it impossible to purchase in the city of Rome a single copy of the Scriptures of port-able size in the language of the people; and when he inquired of each bookseller the reason of his not having so important a volume, the answer in every instance was, "E' prOibito," or " Non é peyinisso ;" 6that is, the voluyne was prohibited, or not permitted to" be sold. It is a matter of general knowledge, that at the present time Protestant colporters in the Roman Catholic countries of South America, are not permitted to circulate freely copies of the Scriptures. They are hampered and hin-dered in a hundred ways, and are often arrested and thrown into prison upon the slightest pretext, evidently to prevent them from putting the Bible into the hands of the people. But does not Rome permit the reading of the Bible by her people in the United States ? YesŁ'  but of the Catholic version only, and that is never printed without notes. The Roman Catholic Church claims to be the only authorized interpreter of the Scriptures, and she suffers her people to receive the Scriptures only as she interprets them; and when Rome says, " Go forward, bearing in one hand the book of Christian truthŠthe Bible,"Šshe means the Roman Catholic bible, an that interpreted by the church; for Rome has re-peatedly refused to authorize the circulation among Catholies of the Douay version of the Scriptures, without note or comment. The creed of Pope Pius IV., which every Catholic is taught to recite, and to which every priest is required to subscribe, thus defines the sense in which Rome admits even her own version of the Scriptures:-- I do also admit the Holy Scriptures, according to that sense which our holy mother, the church, has, held and does hold, to which it, belongs to judge of the true sense and interpretation of the Scriptures: neither will I ever take and interpret a Given at Rome, June 2?th. 1816, and addressed to the Arch-bishop of Gnezn, Primate of Poland. " The Papacy," by J. A. Wylie, L.L. D., pp. 181, 182. Id. p. 186,  them otherwise than according to the unanimous con-sent of the fathers. To the same intent, the present pope, Leo XIII., says:Š The professors [teachers] of Holy Scripture, there-fore, amongst other recommendations, must be well acquainted with the whole circle of theology and deeply read in commentaries of the holy fathers and doctors and other interpreters of mark. Thus Rome interposes insurmountable bar-riers between the people and the Bible, even while professing to freely give them the sacred Volume, bidding them go forward, bearing it in their right hand. " The Protestant Bible," says Rome, " is only a false skin, in which infidelity and revolution wrap themselves." 6But Rome no longer fears the Bible in' the United States as° she once feared it,' because the Bible is no longer regarded by the great mass of the people of this country as it was once regarded. The higher criticism and the thousand and one evasions of the plain Word of God, which have been adopted by so-called Protestants to support unbiblical doctrines, have so discredited the Bible and so instilled into the minds of the people the papal idea that the Bible must be interpreted, that Rome now feels safe in bidding the people thus educated to go forward, bearing in one hand the emas-culated and discredited Bible, and in the other the perverted Constitution of the United States. The very foundation principle of true Prot-estantism was thus set forth in the protest of the princes at Spires, April 12, 1529:Š " There is no sure doctrine but such as is conform-able to the Word of God." " The Lord forbids the teaching of any other doctrine." "Each text of the Holy Scriptures ought to be explained by other and clearer texts." "Phis Holy Book is in all things ne-cessary for the Christian, easy of understanding, and calculated to scatter the darkness; we are resolved, with the grace of God, to maintain the pure and ex-clusive preaching of his only Word, such as is con-tained in the biblical books of the Old and New Tes-taments, without adding anything thereto that may be contrary to it. This Word is the only truth; it is the sure rule of all doctrine and of all life, and can never fail or deceive us. He who builds on this foundation shall stand against all the powers of hell, whilst all the human vanities that are set up against it shall fall be-fore the face of God." It is before the Bible regarded in this light that Rome trembles. But Protestants are no longer taught to reverence the Word of God as did the German princes; they are no longer taught that a plain " Thus saith the Lord" is the end of controversy. They are, on the contrary, taught to accept what men have said about the Bible rather than the Bible; and as this is distinctively Roman Catholic doctrine, Rome can well afford now to appear as the champion of the Scriptures, for she well knows that, under the influence to which we have referred, the Bible has lost its power with the people; and she no longer fears it. "Rome never changes," but times change; and the changed attitude of Rome toward the Bible is not a change in principle but. in pol-icy. The same hostility to the Word of God exists as formerly; but as Protestants are no longer taught to look upon the Bible as of su-preme authority, but regard it as something that must be interpreted, Rome no longer op-poses the Bible but sets herself forth as the interpreter, expounder, and defender of that sacred Book. There is, in fact, an uncon-scious, conspiracy between Rome and apostate Protestantism, and Rome's so-called change of front is due to this conspiracy. Segues "Plain Talk About Protestam ism of To-day," a Roman Catholic book, indorsed by Joannes Josephus, Epis-copus Boston, and for sale at all Catholic book stores. Page 118, THE FIRST DUTY OF CITIZENS. THE first duty of every citizen of whatever country is to do right. The duty of a citizen to the State which owns his citizenship is not determined in all things by the laws of that State. The au-thority of the State is not paramount. Only one authority is paramount, and that is the voice which is the quickener of conscience. Otherwise the office of conscience would be superfluous. No individual can, in the same matter, as some people seem to think, owe one duty to God. and another duty to the State. There can be but one duty for one time and one way for its accomplishment. And that way is the way of justice. The first question to be considered is not, What says the State? but, What is right? And in doing what is right, the individual discharges his duty to the State. The State can have no better citizens than those who conscientiously adhere to the right. And it can have no worse dries than those with whom conscience and right are secondary con-siderations. The " first duty " of a citizen is his only duty, and this is the duty he owes to the State, to himself, and to God. If the law of the State commands him to do that which he knows not to be right, it is his duty to disre-gard that law and act according to his knowl-edge. And in so doing he will be serving the State, for it is not in the interests of the State that wrong should be put in the place of right, and falsehood in the place of truth. The peace, honor, and dignity of the State cannot be conserved through a bad law. That State has most honor and most' peace which has most upright, conscientious citizens. No individual can divorce himself from his duty to God, and he cannot be'divorced there-from by the State. And this-duty covers the duty he owes to his fellow-men; for God has said, "Thou shalt love . . . thy neigh-bor as thyself." By the highest considera-tions, those of love to his Creator and to his fellow-men, every individual is bound to do that which is just and right, according to the light God has given him. He is bound to bear witness by his life to the truth. This obligation is indestructible and unchangeable, and it is not for the State to set limits about it by law. The individual must determine its boundaries for himself, by the aid of the Word of God. God's word is the rule of right; and no word of man, even though expressed in law, can constitute such a rule. The fallible must give way to .the infallible; the law of God must take precedence of the law of man. And in obedience to the law of God is found the -highest expression of that law-abiding spirit which is so important a factor in good citizen-ship. KEEPING THE FOURTH COMMANDMENT. THE commandments of God are given men to be kept every day in the week, and to this rule the fourth commandment is no excep-tion. That commandment says, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." The Sabbath day is holy, for God made it so; and we are commanded to keep it holy. How are we to do this? God made the Sabbath day holy by resting from his work upon it, blessing and sanctify- ing it. Gen. 2: 2, 3. This separated the Sabbath day from the other days of the week. 