844 A.MIMIEEIC.AN  SMNTIN11-4,1-1., VoL. 8, No. 43. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 2, 1893. Axx one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari, able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. DURING the November term of court, in Maryland, seven Seventh-day Adventists, of Queen Anne's and Kent Counties, are to be tried for Sunday labor. A TELEGRAPHIC news item, of Oct. 23, is to the effect that the Grand Jury of Baxter County, Arkansas, has indicted sixty persons for using profane language, and that a test case will be made. The entire list of existing religious laws will soon be put into active operation. These things are the flying straws which show the direction from which the storm is coming. THE Congregational Club of Cleveland, Ohio, has undertaken to suppress all Sun-day desecration in that city, and has appointed a committtee to confer with other organizations and adopt some plan by which to secure a strict observance of Sunday. The " other organizations," with which the committee is to confer, are probably the Law and Order League and the municipal police. THE municipal election in Newport, R. I., last week, according to the special correspondence of the Mail and Express, turned upon the Sabbath question. The qualifications of one candidate for Mayor were stated to be that he was a " church-man " and would continue the work, al-ready begun, of " closing up' the numer-ous small places of business on Sunday." The appearance of the " Christian party " in politics is not confined to New Jersey. THE " Sabbath Association " of Mary-land met the 9th of October, and passed these resolutions :Š Resolved, That the executive committee of the Maryland Sabbath Association invites the American Sabbath Union to hold its annual meeting in Balti-more in December, 1894, and to hold therewith a jubilee of the first national Lord's day convention. Resolved, That Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts be elected honorary secretary of this association, to speak in this State, under direction of the president of the association. Resolved, That the ministers of the various de-nominations in the city of Baltimore be requested to preach upon the subject of "Sabbath Observ-ance" in Novdmber or December ensuing, as may be most convenient to them. How would it do for these ministers to take as examples with which to illustrate their subject the seven cases of seventh-day observers to be tried for Sabbath observance in Maryland, during Novem-ber ? The commandment reads, "Six days shalt thou labor ; " the first-day observ-ance law of Maryland compels the sev-enth-day observer to disobey the injunc- tion to labor six days, or else ignore the command to remember that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord. Will the ministers of Maryland advise the " Sabbath Association " and American Sabbath Union to continue to strive against God in this matter of his com-mandment ? IN an address before the House of Rep-resentatives, on Chinese exclusion, deliv-ered Oct. 13, Hon. James G. Maguire, of California, referring to the previous re-marks of his colleague, Mr. Geary, said:Š I make the same objection to the attempts of these religious bodies to reinforce their perfectly proper personal petitions by appeals to the power and membership of their respective churches. I deny that any religious conference in this country, or any religious association in the United States, represents or is authorized to speak for the political sentiments or political opinions of those who con-stitute the membership of their churches. I deny that any annual conference of two hundred minis-ters has a right to control, or does control, or does represent, the political sentiments of the sixty-four thousand members of its faith. These objections to this kind of petition-ing are sound and sensible, and they apply with just the same force to all that whole-sale " representative " petitioning which frightened the Fifty-second Congress into that piece of unconstitutional legislation for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, which will be its shame to the end of time. THE attendance at the World's Fair on Sunday, Oct. 15, was 82,276, and on Sun-day, Oct. 22, reached the number of 140, 578. Such a Sunday attendance as this together with the fact that the great World's Fair is now an assured financial success, despite the enormous initial ex-penditures that were made, and also in consideration of the remarkable immunity of the World's Fair grounds, during the summer, from destructive storms which have swept the country so generally, and the unusually pleasant weather and com-fortable temperature which that section has experienced during the continuance of the Fair, would seem to show that the Sun-day closing seers, who prophesied destruc-tion if the Fair opened on Sunday, should be classed among the false prophets. IN the course of an extended notice of a lately published work by Judge Charles P. Daly, entitled " The Jews in North America," the New York Sun says :Š It is commonly said that Lord Baltimore made religious freedom the basis of his colony of Mary-land, Judge Daly points out that the freedom was limited to those professing to believe in Jesus Christ and was accompanied by a proviso that any person who denied the Trinity should be punished with death. Maryland, therefore, was no place for Jews and the rigorous exclusion of all professors of the Jewish faith was maintained for a long time after the war of independence. As late as 1819, although John Adams, Jefferson and Madison united in ex-pressing their condemnation of the intolerant restriction, the legislature refused to abolish it. A few years afterward, however, the provision was repealed. In a pamphlet, published in 1876, by Rev. B. F. Brown, containing the sub-stance of a lecture delivered by himself in Baltimore, upon the early religious his- tory of Maryland, the position was taken and supported that Maryland never was a Roman Catholic colony, and that the "Act of Toleration," of the assembly of 1649, was nothing other, at the most, than the political measure of a Roman Catholic nobleman under pressure of a Protestant majority,Šnecessary to the maintenance of his position in authority. IN connection with the first article in this issue note the matter on page 343, entitled " Money for Sectarian Purposes." The facts and statistics in reference to national and municipal appropriations for denominational purposes here set forth, emphasize most forcibly the warning which the SENTINEL has faithfully given as to the direction in which this country is moving. Rome does already rule the Nation. Not because the Roman Catholic Church is strong enough either in num-bers or influence to rule, but because her opponents, who call themselves Protest-ants, so Romanize themselves by the methods which they use as to become themselves Roman Catholic in spirit, and in everything but name,Šwhich remains to them only as a cloak and a deception. Those who call themselves Protestants, and who profess to stand for the defense of Protestantism, declare that Roman Catholicism is a great political organiza-tion, and as such they antagonize it; and to do this they make an exact copy of their hated enemy and make of Protest-antism a great political organization also. An apprehension of these facts will lead one to a keen appreciation of the reason and the justice of the biblical denunciation of the beast and the image to the beast. " LET the workingman do on the Sab-bath just as he sees fit," says Rev. Dr. McPherson, " so long as he doesn't in-fringe upon the rights of others. If he wishes to attend church, well and good, for he will be benefited; but if he does not, let him not be criticised. He should spend the day in a way that will give him recreation and enjoyment and improve-ment." Certainly, let the workingman be perfectly freeŠbut stop the cars, and all but the more expensive public convey-ances, so that the workingman will " see fit " to spend the day either at home or else in attending church. This is what Dr. McPherson and all the rest of the Sunday preachers really mean. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies, to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " 250 to 409 " " 500 to 999 " " 1000 or more 44 14 14 To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 11 41 11 75c - - - 70e - 65c " - - - 60c 