760 AMERICAN SENTINEL. WISCONSIN has a "Federation of Reforms" and a "Sunday Rest. Day Association," which are working to-gether along "reform" lines. These organizations held their annual conventions in Oshkosh about the middle of November, and reported a "hopeful" advance. * * * THE "weekly rest-day agitation in Massachusetts," says The Defender, "has come to stay. It will not down, but must occupy a prominent place in future legislation. The Evangelical Alliance of Boston and vicinity will devote a morning to its discussion in the near future. * * AMONG the new regulations which have been intro-duced by law on the new American island of Guam, is one providing that "each man must keep at least thir-teen fowls and one hog." We had never before thought of the hog as a civilizer. * * IN a recent speech at Leicester, England, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, in referring to England and the United States, spoke of "the union, the ,alliance if you please, the understanding, between these two great nations." He said this "is a guarantee of the peace of the world," and in the same connection intimated that the venge-ance of the alliance might be felt by the French "if they do not mend their ways." Evidently this "Alliance" is a substantial thing, notwithstanding that much bas been said in this country to the contrary. * * * THE city council of Des Moines, Iowa, has passed an ordinance which forbids "persons from walking on the streets after eleven P. M., unless they can show clearly that they are on legitimate errands;" also one imposing "a fine of $5 to $100 for making loud noises or dis-turbances of any kind." The account fails'to state by what principle of free government an adult and sane individual can be bound to disclose his, private business to the city after eleven o'clock P. M. It seems to have been overlooked, also, that some people, when they can invoke a law to gain their ends, are very easily "dis-turbed." A similar ordinance, by the way, was once declared unconstitutional and "dangerous" in Cali-fornia. THE British government has sent out an officiall notification that "a state of war" exists in South Africa. As the whole civilized world has known for weeks that severe battles were of almost daily occurrence between the British forces there and the forces of the Orange Free State and the Transvaal Republic, this notification is altogether superfluous as news; yet it appears the-nations are diplomatically bound to be ignorant of the most evident facts in such a case until officially notified of them by the government whose interests they partic-ularly concern. International diplomatic law is a curiŠous thing, and not altogether intended to serve the ends of justice. A CITIZEN of Alabama who has long been particu-larly prominent ae a politician and member of Congress, gave utterance in a recent speech to the following:Š "I favor taking the suffrage entirely away from, the-negro. I have never felt that the Anglo-Saxon blood can ever be. pacified, can ever be satisfied when an in-ferior race, the most inferior, I am sorry to say, that God ever made, has been lifted up by the tyranny of the--Government of the United States and placed on a po-litical equality with yourselves and myself. I am not satisfied or content, nor will I be until this great crime is righted." And The Independent, which severely condemns thist-utterance, remarks that this same man is "correct" in. his "position on [favoring] expansion." Quite natŠurally. * * * WHAT answer is to be made to the Chinese minister,. when he says of the proposal that the powers make a, treaty defining what to do with China?Š " What, can it be seriously proposed that a docuŠment shall be formally drawn up concerning interests in China and China shall not be a party to it? . . . It is as though a party of your neighbors met and agree& how they would occupy your house. One would take the front door, another would select the side doors; others would appropriate certain rooms. And all tilis without consulting you, the owner of the house." "It's a great moral question." That's what one darkey said to another when asked in a raid on a hen roost if it were right to steal chickens. Then he added promptly: "Hand down anudder pullet."ŠSpringfield Republican. The several powerful "darkies" now at work in the Chinese "hen roost" are evidently of the same mind with this one. * THIS item is taken from the New York Sun:Š "LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. 28.ŠThe Nebraska Supreme Court is to be called upon to determine whether the Bible is a sectarian book within the definition of the-- 