AMERICAN SENTINEL. 707 ing self-immolation to such a horrible extent, believing as they do in the doctrine of salvation, by martyrdom, is ascribed, probably with truth, to the cruel treatment the ancestors of these dissenters have undergone for genera-tions, thousands of them having under the Empress So-phia been knouted by the state. So rigorously exclusive are the members of one branch of the Raskolniki sect, called the Beguni, says the Sun, that they will not eat or drink from the same utensils used by relatives who have married ordinary members of the Raskolniki. They will not worship in churches or buildings used by others, but only in caves and cellars, which are usually filthy beyond description. Their services are conducted in closely guarded secrecy.ŠN. Y. Observer. The Place of Liberty. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. (Continued.) WE come now to the United States, a country in which, we have been told, "the principle of free govern-ment adheres to the very soil; that it is bedded in it, im-movable as its mountains." We would be glad to accept this and go no further, but unfortunately there are other things that cannot escape notice. The principle of liberty and equality has never found a more pure, more reasonable, or more noble expression in any political document than in the Declaration of In-dependence and the Constitution of the United States. The great principles of civil and religious liberty were made the corner stones of the republic. But have they been adhered to? The first thing that demonstrated the failure of our profession was the system of African slavery. It has been said that "it took the American people one hundred years to find out that the phrase, `all men,' includes Ethiopians." But it will be said that this foul blot has been long since removed from our nation, and that during the period of its existence it covered less than half our terri-tory. All I have to say is that the spirit of dominance,  which is the essential principle of slavery, is confined to no territory, and cannot be abolished by any number of constitutional amendments. All men are by nature fitted to be slave-holders, and if they do not possess the actual slaves, it is because they have had no opportunity or power to acquire them. The animating principle of slavery finds an outlet by other means than the lash or the baying of blood-hounds. If not so harsh in appear-ance,it is none the less cruel. While thefundamental law guarantees equality, I need not point you to a thousand evidences that it is denied in practice. Fortunate are we, indeed, if we are obliged to go farther than ourselves to find that evidence. To my mind, there is much truth in the statement, by the historian Ridpath that "the old  slaveholders of the South were provoked and tantalized by those who were not slaveholders themselves'only be-cause they were born and`bred in a happier latitude." To-day, under the domination of trusts and com-bines, of labor as well as of capital, religious as well as political, the rights of the individual are just as flagrantly violated as could be possible under any system of slavery. All the necessaries of life are controlled for the benefit of a few, and the people are compelled to contribute to the growth of colossal fortunes in which they have no share. As in Rome, there has arisen a party of wealth and a party minus wealth, each clamoring loudly for its own rights, while caring nothing for the rights of others. "The elections are managed by clubs and coteries," and it is an established fact that when wealth and party combine, the people can have no influence whatever. I find this editorial statement in a late number of the Arena : "It is said that in England the queen reigns and Parliament rules, but in America the 'machine' both rules and reigns." The grandest principle of the Constitution is that which guarantees liberty to the individual in matters Of religion. It is the grandest because upon it depends all other liberty. When that principle is denied, political liberty is also doomed. Yet there has not been a day in the history of our country when the principle was not de-nied by the existence of a union of church and state. As long as the principle was held in the hearts of the people, there was no evil effect. But now we have seen persecu-tion arise, and the principle is denied upon every hand. The idea now obtains that the proper object of govern-ment is to establish law, not justice; to protect institu-tions, not the people. Property is regarded as of more importance than human life, and the preservation of a so-called sacred institution than the maintenance of free-dom. It is stated by a prominent political thinker that he who makes a search for genuine democracy will find "a residue only on the remote outskirts of society, in far places by woods and streams, on the prairies wild, and in the filthy purlieus and cellars of towns and cities." In short, the noblest political document that man has yet framed for the preservation of his liberties, like the ten words spoken from Sinai, has proved "weak through the flesh." And, as Mr. Webster has long since said, "If, in our case, the representative system ultimately fails, popular governments must be pronounced impossible. No combination of circumstances more favorable to the experiment can ever be expected to occur. The last hopes of mankind, therefore, rest with us; and if it should be proclaimed that our example had become an argument against the experiment, the knell of popular liberty would be sounded throughout the earth." The failure of this government means the failure of all. So we see that liberty and democracy are not synony-mous. The history of popular governments has been, like all others, oppression, revolution, and counter-revo-lution. It has been war between classes, sometimes de-fined by birth, sometimes by position, sometimes by 