316 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Bosnia, Herzegovinia, and Thessaly. These provinces were riot only in a state of revolt but Russia and Aus-tria were known to have designs upon territory which would extend their own frontiers to the Mediterranean. .The dissolution of Turkey was freely predicted in every capital of Europe, and the strife between the powers for possession of the broken parts of empire, for the spoil of Constantinople, and the control of the Darda-nelles promised to embroil all Europe in general war. Abdul Hamid undoubtedly realized that it was too late to save the Balkan provinces, but he was quick to recognize in the general European situation the opportunity of saving his throne and his footing in Europe and of still maintaining Constantinople as the seat of Mohammedan power. CZAR KNOCKS AT CONSTANTINOPLE. For the first time he played his game on the chess board of Europe. All the world knows what followed. The war with Russia lost Servia and Roumania to the Sultan. Bosnia and Herzegovinia went to Austria, but ontenegro was erected into a buffer state that for the time blocked Franz Josef's pathway to Salonica. The Czar's victorious armies were at the gates of Constan-tinople, and Turkey's position in Europe hung only by a thread. Then it was that Abdul Hamid taught Europe its first lesson in Oriental statecraft. By a secret treaty with Lord Beaconsfield the Sultan ceded to Great Britain the Island of Cypress. In return Lord Bea-consfield guaranteed the territorial integrity of Asia Minor and sent the British fleet through the Darda-nelles. CHECKS RUSSIA WITH ENGLAND. Russia was checkmated. The Czar at once realized that his troops marching into Constantinople would be shelled by the British fleet. He was reluctantly compelled to give up a project long dreamed of by Russia and to submit to the terms of the treaty of Ber-lin, dictated by an European congress demanded by Lord Beaconsfield, who really acted as the agent of the crafty Sultan. In June, 1878, the powers were compelled to take steps to secure the enforcement of the terms of the treaty of Berlin with reference to the ratification of the Montenegrin frontier. In this controversy the Sultan lost. He endeavored to save himself by chang-ing his ministry, thus giving Great Britain almost com-plete ascendency at Constantinople. He watched the negotiations of the powers closely, waiting to make the most of any apparent disagreement. But in the end he failed, being compelled to cede Dulcigno to Montenegro, but not until after having received two ultimatums backed up by the allied fleets of the powers. Sultan Abdul Hamid's position in EUrope was rap-idly becoming precarious. Nearly every power had  claims upon him. He owed money to every banker in Europe. He could only pay in territory, as cash he had none. The territorial demands of Greece were still unsatisfied and the Russian war indemnity yet unpaid. PLAYS FRANCE AGAINST BRITAIN. So long as the concert of the powers existed the Ottoman Empire was doomed. This was Adbul Ham-id's situation in 188o and 188i. The English and French rivalry for possession of Egypt gave Abdul Hamid the coveted opportunity for breaking the concert of the powers. The powers had united in pressing the demand for the completion of the Berlin treaty with reference to the territorial claims of Greece. The Grecian government was clamoring for a settlement and was actively preparing for war. Glad-stone had succeeded Beaconsfield and was encouraging Greece. Austria was suspected of designs in Salonica Bay. Gladstone, reversing the policy of Beaconsfield, sided with Russia. The Sultan saw in the situation an opportunity to divide the powers. He appealed to France, reminding the republic of its interests in Tripoli and Tunis, to which England was hostile and Germany and Austria friendly. England and France were at once embroiled in a quarrel over northern Africa, Russia siding with England. SULTAN'S THREAT OF WAR. The powers were pitted against each other and the European concert broken. The Sultan fortified the Dardanelles, called the redefs to their colors, and made a brave show of preparing for war. His tactics partly succeeded, for, although in the end he was compelled to give in to the demands of Greece, he only gave a part of the territory originally demanded. In 1886 the powers again came together to consider the Bulgarian question after the revolution which finally ended in Prince Alexander's resignation. Rus-sia and Austria, working together, demanded the res-toration of Prince Alexander, who was entirely under Russian influence. Germany and Italy took the same position. The Sultan 'appealed to England, asserting that Russia was intriguing to secure permanent con-trol of Bulgaria from which to menace Turkey with another advance on Constantinople. The Sultan's appeal to England was not misplaced, for Gladstone had been succeeded by Lord Salisbury, who regarded Russia as England's natural foe. As a result England refused to, recognize the treaty of Ber-lin as binding. The European concert was broken, Russia was compelled to consent to the election of Prince Ferdinand as ruler of Bulgaria, and that prov-ince was kept undet the suzerainty of Turkey, Russian influence for the time being destroyed. 