AMERICAN SENTINEL. 109 the upbuilding of Christ's kingdom upon earth, yet mis-guided because of erroneous principles, how necessary it is for every person who loves God, and to whom has been given the privilege of knowing these eternal truths, espe-cially among the young people, to become thoroughly acquainted with these facts themselves, and then cooper-ate with the divine One, that many of these earnest but misguided persons may know the truth as it is in Jesus, and turn their feet in the path of truth and rectitude. It is the mission of this department of the SENTINEL to educate the youth upon this line. The call of God to-day is, "Educate, Educate, Educate." By so doing each one will not only save his own soul, but will have many sheaves to be gathered in the garner at the great day of the Lord. Yours for religious liberty, F. C. GILBERT. "He Shall Think To Change . . . Laws." "Our last talk brought out the fact that the papal power has warred againstŠwell, let me see if you can tell me, Charlie?" "Against the Most High God and against the saints of the Most High." "What was he next to war against?" Charlie turned to the prophecy and read from Dan. 7:25, "He shall think to change times and laws." "Whose times and laws, Charlie?" "The times and laws of the Most High." "Yes. We all know that it is customary for nations to change their laws; for men to change each other's laws; but what kind of wisdom would men need to change the laws of the Most High?" "The wisdom of the Most High," said Charlie. "Has any finite being ever had the wisdom of the Most High?" "NŠno," said Charlie, slowly. "Jesus was the Son of God,ŠGod in the flesh." "We will speak of his attitude to the law of God a little later. What does Paul call the pope?" "The man of sin," said Charlie. "And in our past talks we have learned that the pope s only an exponent of self; that each one of us, un-changed by divine grace, will war against God and his saints. "Let us see what the pope has said in regard to changing God's law. Hand me the books on the sofa." Mrs. Ross read: "The pope's will stands for reason. He can dispense above the law, and of wrong make right by correcting and changing laws."ŠPope Nicholas, Dist. 96. "This paragraph is from the decretals of the popes." "But, mama, suppose the pope did think to do away with God's law and the precepts of Christ, what difference would it make? He couldn't really do such a thing. Right, you know, is right, because it is right, and because  God is. To undo God's law, that is the very expression of right, would be to put God out of existence." "Yes, Charlie. But who is behind the papal horn?' "Satan." "And Satan is manifested in self, and self would kill and obliterate any thing or body that would hinder its exaltation. While no one can undo right, or dethrone God, yet self thinks to do it. The Catholic version reads, He shall think himself able to change times and the law." "Do you suppose that the pope actually thinks he is able to do that?" "Certainly. But he is not the only one who thinks so. Whole nations have thought to do so, and as nations are only individuals in mass, individuals have thought to do so. You may turn to Rom. 8:7, and read." Charlie read, " 'The carnal mind is enmity against God ; for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be ' " "Dear me," said Charlie; "Is it impossible for any of us to keep God's law?" "Impossible, unless we experience a change of heart, or mind. Paul also says, 'We have the mind of Christ.' Jesus told Nicodemus that in order to understand the things of God he `must be born from above,' All have carnal minds who have not the mind of Christ, and the works of the flesh appear. Self controls the life, and the fruits of the Spirit are not seen." F. B. For Sale Cheap. I HAVE a limited number of copies of the old edition of "Thoughts on Daniel," which formerly sold for $1 25. As long as they last, I will sell them, postpaid, for 50 cents a copy. Will make an acceptable present. Address William Ward Simpson, Battle Creek, Mich. TO OUR PATRONS:  1. write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other ir.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00 66 Six months, .5t) 66 66 Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 