52 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Since Christ alone could redeem the lost do-minion, and has paid the price, it is to him that it is to come. Says the prophet, "And thou, 0 tower of the flock, the strong hold of the daugh-ter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem." Micah 4 : 8. And so Paul directs the minds of the disciples forward to the time of " the redemption of the purchased possession." Eph. 1 : 14. And when that time shall come, and the kingdom shall be given to Him "whose right it is," those who have suf-fered with Christ shall also reign with him. 2 Tim. 2 : 12; Rom. 8 : 17. But it is not within the power of men to re-store the kingdom to Christ. Here is where the would-be National Reformers make their fatal blunder. They say, " We must gain the world for Christ, and place him in his rightful position as Sovereign." But God says to the Son, "Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance, and the utter-rest parts of the earth for thy possession." I's. 2: 8. When some of the people "thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear," Christ told them that he was as one going into' a far country " to receive for him-self a kingdom, and to return." Luke 19 : 11, 12. And Daniel, in the prophetic vision, saw the giving of the kingdom to Christ by the Father, and has described it in the following language: "I saw in the night visions, and, behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him. And there was given him dominion, and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve him; his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed." Dan. 7 : 13, 14. Add to the above the following prophetic account of the time and circumstances of the giving of the kingdoms of this world to Christ, and the utter folly of the claims of the Amend-mentists will be apparent:Š "And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The king-doms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ; and he shall reign forever and ever. And the four and twenty elders, which ,sat before God on their seats, fell upon their faces, and worshiped God, saying, We give thee thanks, 0 Lord God Almighty, which art, and wart, and art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and bast reigned. And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and groat; and shouldest de-stroy them which destroy the earth." Rev. 11 : 15-19. Here we see that the kingdoms of this world become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ, only when the time comes that the dead shall be judged, and when the corrupt of earth shall be destroyed. Compare Ps. 2 : 8, 9 and Rev. 19 : 11-21. In this brief survey we have learned concern-ing Christ's sovereignty, (1) That he is not now  ruler of this world; the dominion given to man in the beginning, has been forfeited, and Satan having usurped the authority is " god of this world." (2) Man has no power to recover the lost dominion; Christ alone has the power, and he has paid the price. The controversy there-fore; is between Christ and Satan. (3) We are now only waiting " the redemption of the pur-chased possession," when the kingdoms of this world shall be given to Christ, and he will reign forever as actual sovereign of this world. (4) He has now gone to receive the kingdom, and to return. (5) The Father bas promised "the uttermost parts of the earth " to Christ for a possession, and he alone has power to bestow the gift. (6) Men do not win the kingdom to Christ and then place him on the throne, but on the contrary, when Christ comes on the throne of his glory, having received the king-dom, he will call the righteous to come and share it with him. Matt. 25 : 31-34. And (7) this will be only at the end of the world, when the dead shall be judged, and the wicked de-stroyed. It has been before shown that the so-called National Reform theory is absurd; we think this shows that it is unscriptural. That is the reason for its absurdity, for whatever is un-scriptural must be absurd. When we consider God's great plan of salvation, and the infinite price that has been paid for the redemption of the earth, and of man, that he may be assisted to a place in the kingdom of God, it seems little less than blasphemous presumption for the puny creatures to arrogate to themselves the task of placing the Creator on his own throne! E. J. W. Design of the Proposed Amendment. IN June, 1873, Rev. Wm. Ballentine, then pastor of the Associate Congregation of Bloom-field, Ohio, delivered a lecture before the Asso-ciate Synod, on National Reform. A few weeks afterward, Dr. Wishart published a reply in the United Presbyterian, of Pittsburg , and to these strictures Mr. Ballentine replied in a pamphlet, being denied admission to the columns of the United Presbyterian. With this explanation, we invite the reader's attention to the following extract from Mr. Ballentine's pamphlet. It shows in a clear light how the proposed amend-ment, if adopted, will lower the Scriptures to the level of ordinary civil affairs:Š " The ambiguity of the language in which the second, proposed amendment is couched, viz., That the Lord Jesus Christ is Governor among the nations,' is a valid objection to its insertion in a civil instrument of government. It is sus-ceptible of a two fold interpretation. We can understand it in what we believe to be the true theological sense, that Jesus Christ as King and Head of Zion, is Ruler among the nations, and in, ' Jacob ruleth to the ends of the earth.' But in this sense it is purely a matter of faith, and has no more claim for insertion in the Con-stitution than any other doctrine in our relig-ious profession. But it is also susceptible of being understood in what we believe to be a heterodox sense, and in this sense it seems to be understood by its advocates, viz.: That Jesus Christ, in some sense, as the civil head of na-tions, ruleth among them Understanding it  in this sense, we cannot advocate its insertion, being theologically wrong. Neither in the former sense can we advocate its insertion, it being purely a matter of faith, having no more authority for its insertion than the perse-verance of the saints, predestination, or any doctrine of faith set forth in the Westminster standards. In regard to the third amendment, ' That his revealed will is of Supreme authority,' we believe it to be too indefinite to secure the end intended. If it is simply regarded as a statement of truth, without the force and sanc-tion of law, it will not secure respect for the authority of Scripture from those who have not their understandings opened to understand the truth of God. If, on the other hand, we regard it as having the force and sanction of law, we make the Scriptures of divine truth the formal rule of the magistracy, and so constitute civil rulers the judges and interpreters of Scripture. From this, as a church, we have always de-murred, and we still see no reason why we should change our ground. " It will probably be denied by some, that the third amendment, which we have opposed, is designed to make the Scriptures the formal rule of the civil magistrate. If this be not the de-sign of some of their leaders, we fail to com-prehend the import and force of plain English. We will give some extracts from the Christian Statesman that will speak for themselves. In its issue of May 15, 1868, we have a prize of-fered by the Reformed Presbyterian congrega-ations of Pittsburg and Allegheny, Pa., for the best manuscript on several topics, and among others for this: " The Bible as the supreme law in civil matters." This may be viewed as too abstract to prove anything. Let us, then, hear the concrete or the application. In its issue of December 15, 1868, in reply to the inquiries of of Mr. J. McFarland about the efficiency of said amendments to arrest the commission of frauds in Philadelphia and New York, and the demoralization in politics, the editor answers: Precisely in this way: The amendment which we propose will be, when it is adopted, a delib-erate and solemn utterance of the national will. The people, in their sovereign capacity, will declare: " We recognize Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil gov-ernment; the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among nations, and his revealed will as of supreme authority." Once enacted into the Constitu-tion, this language has the force of law. It makes all the requisitions of the Bible concern-ing civil government " supreme law," and, among others, this: " He that ruleth over men must be just, ruling in the fear of God." Con-gress would at once be legally bound to make laws purging national offices of immoral and irreligious men. No Sabbath breaker or pro-fane swearer, no man known to be guilty of drunkenness or licentiousness, could legally hold office or vote after the passage of this amend-ment! ' " The editor of the Christian Statesman surely understands the fundamental principles of this movement. He has been one of its inaugu-rators. What, then, is the import of the above extract? Does it not teach that whenever the amendments are adopted, that they have the force of lawŠthat the requisitions of the 