108 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the extreme. If any man wished to live without honest toil, he would take a horde of his retainers, or people under him, and placing himself attheir head, would plun-der and rob any one who chanced not to be able to offer resistance." "It doesn't seem as if France or any other kingdom could endure such a lawless way of living very long," said Florence Ray. "Well, there was a better time at hand for the miser-able people, and well it was that this was so. When Philip I. died, his son Louis VI., called the Wide-awake, when he was young, but known better as `The Fat,' reigned after him. Louis immediately began by attempt-ing to control the lawless nobles. He was cunning enough to call the common people and the church to his aid, be-because they were all of one mind in wanting to rid the country of these lawless villains. At last they succeeded, though they did some hard fighting. But although the king became so fleshy that he could hardly seat himself upon his horse, he did not give up hard work. "Benjamin Franklin said, `If you want a thing done, do it yourself,' and Louis did it; though he had of course never heard of either Franklin or his saying; nor did, he believe in putting off till to-morrow what ought to be done to-day. His minister's name was Suger, and he was a wise and sensible man. He was of great value both to Louis VI. and to his son Louis VII., who succeeded him, and whose reign of forty-three years begun in 1108. "Now perhaps this study has been as long as you can profitably take in for this time; but I would like to ask if there are any in our class whoZwould like to give up these studies." For an answer the professor received a perfect chorus of "No, no; we want to continue them; we wouldn't give them up for anything." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. To the Juvenile Readers of the "American Sentinel." Dear Friends :ŠDoubtless all of you are more than gratified with the Young People's Department of this periodical, which has been created especially for the youthful readers of the paper. Personally, I am of the conviction that this addition is very timely, and will be of great value to all who interest themselves in it. Per-haps some may think the subject of religious liberty is not essential for young people, nor of vital importance enough for them to become interested in. But of all the people who should be especially awake to these living principles, with a keen sense of their value, the young ought to be the first and most active. There are many reasons which demonstrate this to be a fact; a greater number thain can be written in this short epistle. It is a fact with which nearly all of you are familiar that, during the past three years, a continuous patriotic wave, so-called, hasfbeen sweeping over this country, and  it seems constantly to rise with each setting sun. One-very remarkable thing about this movement is that its-strength lies in the concentrated forces of several millions of the best young people of this country. Never perhaps-in the history of the country, the times of '76 and '61 excepted, has the air been so full of patriotism as at the-present, and its density becomes more and more appar-ent. One writer, recently speaking of this movement,. said, "There can be no question about the penalty that may be incurred by neglecting the present golden oppor-tunity to make patriotism universal and fervid, North, South, East, and West. Miss this God-given opening-of to-day, and the fortunate conjunction may never re-turn." God is certainly granting golden opportunities at the present time to rightly understand the true meaning or civil and religious liberty, that all may know the correct relations which exist between God and Caesar; between the church and state; between God and the individual ; between individuals and society; and much, yes, every-thing, depends upon a correct understanding of these re-lations. Never has a truth come to the world without the devil was bound to defeat it if possible; either by di-rectly opposing it, or else by counterfeiting. So these eternal principles of civil and religious liberty which to day are commanding the attention of almost the whole world, and promise, in the near future, to become the,  living issue, are either misrepresented, falsely colored, or' misconstrued by the force of evil, in order that their true meaning shall not be apparent to all. As one of the outgrowths' of, this popular patriotic wave there has been thrown ashore this so called "Chris-tian Citizenship" organization. It has gathered under. its influence nearly five millions of people, the very cream of the land, and imbued them with an enthusiasm worthy of the most noble cause the world has ever known. As-we are all well aware, the whole foundation of this great movement is built upon a false hypothesis; hence will not stand when the great contest between righteousness-and error will be waged. It being built upon a sandy foundation, the rivers of truth will inundate the whole structure. Then how important it is that every young person educate himself that he may correctly understand these eternal principles,Šthat he build upon a solid foun-dation, even 'upon the Rock of Eternal Truth, in order that he be not carried away with "the refuge of lies," which are to come to nought. Yet more: it is not only necessary that each one un-derstands these principles for himself, but he also has a duty to perform in telling his neighbor the true intent of the principles of civil and religious liberty. Millions to-day are anxiously waiting to learn the truth of these things; and as ye have freely received, freely give. But some may ask, "Who is my neighbor?" He whoŁ needs the assistance most, independent of caste, color, condition, or position. When we consider the millions of- persons in these various organizations, working with such a zeal and earnestness for what they believe to be 