THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 101 house on Sunday morning, to buy some tobacco, and found Pool hoeing in his garden; so testified before the court, Judge Pittman presiding. The judge sustained the indictment, pronounced Pool guilty, and fined him one dollar and costs, amount-ing to $30.90. SIXTH CASE. "Mr. J. A. Armstrong moved from Warren County, Indiana, to Springdale, Arkansas, in 1878. In September, 1884, he joined the Seventh-day Ad-ventist Church at Springdale. November, 1885, he was indicted by the Grand Jury for Sabbath breaking. On the 13th of February, 1886, he was arrested by William Holcomb, deputy sheriff for Washington County, and was held under bonds of $250 for his appearance at the May term of the Circuit Court. The particular offense upon which the charge of Sabbath breaking was based, was for digging potatoes in his field on Sunday. Millard Courtney was the prosecuting witness. Mr. Armstrong had a contract for building the school-house at Springdale. Mr. Courtney, with a friend, went to Armstrong's house on Sunday, to negotiate a contract for putting the tin roof on the school-house. From the house they went into the field where Mr. Armstrong was digging pota-toes. There the business was all talked over, and the contract was secured for putting on the tin roof. Then this same Courtney became the pros-ecuting witness against Mr. Armstrong for work-ing on Sunday. "On the first Monday in May, Mr. Armstrong appeared before Judge Pittman, Circuit Judge of the Fourth Judicial District, at Fayetteville ; and, waiving his right to jury trial, submitted his case to the court for decision. Judge Pittman sus-tained the indictment. Fine and costs, amount-ing to $26.50, were paid, and Mr. Armstrong was released." NINTH CASE. "Mr. James, a Seventh-day Adventist, was in-dictedo by the Grand Jury in January, 1886, for Sabbath breaking; The particular offense was for doing carpenter work on Sunday. The indict-ment was founded on the testimony of Mr. Pow-ers, a minister of the Missionary Baptist Church. Mr. James was working on a house for a widow, near the Hot Springs Railroad. The work was done without any expectation of receiving pay-ment, and wholly as a charitable act for the poor widow, who was a member Ł of the Methodist Church. Mr. James worked in the rain to do it, because the widow was about to be thrown out of the house in which she lived, and had no place to shelter herself and family. Powers, the informer, lived about six hundred yards from where the work was done, and on that very Sunday had carried wood from within seven rods of where Mr. James was at work, and chopped up the wood in sight of Mr. James. TENTH CASE. "At the January term in 1886, Mr. Meeks was indicted the second time. July 13 he was ar-rested on a bench warrant in the hands of Will-iam La Fever. Meeks gave bonds for his ap-pearance at the July term of court. The offense was for fixing his wagon-brake on Sunday. He was reported to the Grand Jury by Riley Warren. Warren had gone to Meeks's house on the Sunday referred to in the indictment, to see Mr. Meeks about hiring a teacher for their public school, for both of them were members of the School Board of their district. In the course of their conversa-tion, Mr. Meeks incidentally mentioned having  mended his wagon-brake that morning. This was reported to the Grand Jury by Mr. Warren, and the indictment followed. ELEVENTH CASE. "John A. Meeks, aged fourteen years, son of Edward L Meeks, was indicted by the Grand Jury at the January term of the Circuit Court of 1886, for Sabbath breaking. The offense was for shooting squirrels. on Sunday. The place where the squirrels were shot was in a mountainous dis-trict entirely away from any public road, or any place of public worship. He was reported by a Mr. M. Reeves. The sons of Mr. Reeves were hauling wood with a team on that same Sunday, and were present with the Meeks boy in the woods, and scared the-squirrels around the trees for the Meeks boy to shoot. When the sport was over, the Meeks boy divided the game with the Reeves boys. " Then the father of the Reeves boys reported the Meeks boy and he was indicted. His case was held over to await the decision of the Supreme Court in the Scoles case. At the January term in 1887, the boy confessed judgment, and was fined $5.00, and $3.00 county tax was assessed, and the costs, amounting in all to $22. The fine was paid, and the boy released." FOURTEENTH CASE. " William H. Fritz was indicted at the April term of the Circuit Court in 1886, for Sabbath-breaking, and held under $250 bonds for his ap-pearance at the September term, at Huntsville. Mr. Fritz is a wood-workman, and the offense charged was for working in the shop on Sunday. The shop was in the country, and two hundred yards from the public road. The indictment was sustained. The defendant was fined $1.00 and costs, amounting to $28. Mr. Fritz was a Sev-enth-day Adventist." SIXTEENTH CASE. "I. L. Benson was notat that time a member of any church, made no pretensions to religious faith, and did not observe any day. He had the con-tract for painting the railroad bridge across the Arkansas River at Van Buren, Ark. He worked a set of hands on the bridge all days of the week, Sundays included. In May, 1886, Mr. Benson and one of his men were arrested on the charge of Sabbath breaking. They were taken to Fort Smith, and arraigned before a justice of the peace. The justice did not put them through any form of trial, nor even ask them whether they were guilty or not guilty, but read a section of the law to them, and told them he would make the fine as light as possible, amounting, with costs, to $4.75 each. They refused to pay the fines, and were placed in custody of the sheriff The sheriff gave them the freedom of the place, only requiring them to appear at the justice's office at a certain hour. Mr. Benson telegraphed to the general manager of the railroad in regard to the matter. The general manager telegraphed to his attorney in that city to attend to the cases. "Mr. Benson and his men appeared before the justice for a hearing in their cases. It was granted, with some reluctance. The attorney, Mr. Bryolair, told the justice it was a shame to arrest men for working on the bridge at the risk of their lives to support their families, when the public work in their own town was principally done on Sunday. A hearing was granted, and the trial set for the next day. "They were not placed under any bonds at all, but were allowed to go on their own recognizance.  The following day a jury was impaneled and the trial begun. The deputy sheriff was the leading witness, and swore positively that he saw them at' work on Sunday. The jury brought in a verdict to the effect that they had agreed to disagree.' This was on Wednesday. The following Mon-day was set for a new trial. No bond was even at this time required. The defendants appeared at the time appointed, and pleaded not guilty. The justice, after giving them a brief lecture, dismissed the case." TWENTIETH CASE. "In August, 1886, Mr. P. Hammond, a member of the Baptist Church, appeared before the Grand Jury in Hot Spring County, and charged J. L. Shockey with hauling rails and clearing land on Sunday, the first day of the week, July 11, 1886. The Grand Jury presented an indictment. On December 14, 1886, Mr. Shockey was arrested and taken to Malvern, locked up until the next day, when he gave the usual bond for his appearance at court, and was released. . The work for which Mr. Shockey was indicted was done on a new farm which he was opening up in the woods, three-fourths of a mile from any public road, and more than a mile from any place of public worship, and not in sight of either. The witness, Mr. Hammond, passed by where Mr. Shockey was at work, and after he had gone some distance, re-turned, and spoke to Mr. Shockey about buying from him a Plymouth Rock rooster. The bargain was then made, Hammond agreeing to pay Shockey fifty cents for the rooster. "Shockey was indicted, and his case set for trial February 7, 1887. This case, with the one before mentioned, and some others that had been held over to await the decision in the Scoles case, was called, and February 11 fixed as the day of trial for all." These are sufficient to show the practical work-ings of a Sunday law that was not " aimed at" observers of the seventh day. If such results can come from the law when it is not aimed at them, what will be the result when they go delib-erately to work to secure " legislation embarrass-ing to them "? We say that the man who knows these things and does not vigorously oppose such legislation, no matter what his religious belief, or whether he has any at all, is destitute of pa-triotism and of the feelings of common humanity. But let it be understood that no National Re-former or active Sunday-law agitator of any organization whatever, has ever said a word in disfavor of the course pursued in Arkansas. On the contrary, the restoration of the section ex-empting observers of the seventh day from the penalties of the law, was strenuously opposed by many religious leaders. The editor of the Ar-kansas Methodist declared in his paper that "the Sabbath laws" without the exemption section had "worked well enough," and were about as near perfect as we can expect to get them under the present Constitution." In view of these things, which are generally known, and which have been brought time and again to the attention of Sun-day-law workers, and in view of the action of the present Arkansas Legislature, and of the sayings of such men as Dr. Bothwell, and of the further fact that exemption clauses are vigorously de-nounced, we think we are justified in saying that, as a general thing, Sunday laws " are aimed" quite directly at observerg of .the seventh day. " WHAT other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights." 