NOVEMBER 28, 1895. ANIEEMICA.N RIIH,N'1177EINTILA. 373 which would be to him an inalienable gift and treasure. Two wrongs never made a right: and the drunkard and the fanatic are equally a nuisanceŠthe latter the more dangerous of the two. Whilst dealing with the question, I publicly own that although I have never but once in my life tasted liquor, and then whilst presum-ably in the jaws of death from yellow fever, my physician admonished me that death was inevitable, unless I consented to use a mint-julepŠthe vomit,the last stage of yellow fever, having set in. I then touched liquor for the first and last time during a life fast verging on the three-score and ten. . . . Before closing this letter, I would call atten-tion to a distinction between violation of the divine and civil law. The latter enacts a pen-alty from the man who sells liquor on Sunday, on conviction, and should intoxication result to the individual, he is amenable to the law of God for his complicity in the crime of drunk-eness, not because of Sunday, for the same guilt attaches to any other day. Were he and his victim Catholics, they are both before God guilty of the additional crime of desecration of the Lord's day. This is the result of an overt act of disobedience to the voice of the Church, commanding her children to keep the Sunday "holy; " God commanding us to hear her voice. But, reverend sirs, let me ad- monish you that no Protestant, true to the principles of his religion and conscientiously obedient to his teacher, the Bible, rieed ever have misgivings as regards the freedom of Sun-day; nay, more, his teacher is consistent in impressing on him in every page of the New Testament as well as of the Old, that God has appointed the Sabbath or Saturday as the day set apart by him for his worship. Our Saviour, whilst on earth, kept no other day; and we learn that for over thirty years after his death, the Acts of the Apostles re-cord the fact that the Apostles consistently kept their divine master's Sabbath (the Sab-bath which the Jews have kept ever since for over eighteen centuries, they having the same teacher, the Bible, as you have) according to the practice and teachings of Christ and his apos-tles, without modification, as testified by the New Testament from Matthew's Gospel to the Revelation. This statement is absolutely true and unsnsceptible of successful contradiction; imagine, then, my surprise on reading the city papers yesterday of the anomalous and self-stultifying position occupied by you, as accred-ited ministers of the Christian religion, assum-ing the role of . . . spiesŠa self-consti-tuted smelling committeeŠfor you represent no civil office whatsoever, laying snares and traps to inveigle the unwary that you might drag them before the civil courts for violation of a purely civil law, forbidding the sale of liquor on the first day of each week. On what grounds, may I ask, can you justify such pro-ceedings? How were these people interfering with you in the practice of your religious acts ? Place your finger on any page of your acknowl-edged divine teacher, the Bible, and show the world the proof that, on, your own principles, they had violated any ordinance of the Chris-tian religion. I hereby denounce your conduct in this matter as not only highly reprehensible, but as being in direct violation of the revealed will of God as taught by your Bible. You had succeeded in getting a verdict against them before the civil courts for trans- gression against the civil law. I now in the presence of the public pronounce you, on your principles, guilty of the grossest misdemeanor, thousands of times over, against the divine law. When, let me ask, have you, even once, in your lifetime, kept the command of God : "Remember the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy ? "  Which day is the Sabbath? I answer the last day of the week, the day kept by God himself, and for that reason, assigned by him for ob-servance by man, the Sabbath or the day kept by the Redeemer and his apostles whilst they lived on earth. You pose before the world as models of Chris-tian morality, and behold every week of your lives you are guilty of gross violation of one of God's most positive precepts, "Remember the Sabbath," etc. Let me illustrate in order to prove God's earnestness in this respect; "And it came to pass, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness; and had found a man gathering sticks on the Sabbath-day; that they brought him to Moses and Aaron, and the whole multitude. And they put him into prison, not knowing what they should do with him. And the Lord said to Moses: Let that man die, let all the multitude stone him without the camp. And when they had brought him out, they stoned him, and he died as the Lord commanded." Num. 15:32-36. Such, Rev. Sirs, was the punishment meted out by command of God to a man who was guilty but once of an infraction of the law of the Sabbath, whilst each one of you is guilty of a similar desecration of the Sabbath (Satur-day) each Saturday of his lifeŠand this on the unerring testimony of your own teacher, the Bible. "Out of thy mouth I judge thee thou wicked servant." Nor has God's counsels changed by the ex-ercise of infinite patience. He can afford to abide his time for the vindication of his au-thority and contempt of his commands. The precept, " Remember the Lord's day, to keep it holy," is as obligatory now as it was in the Old Law, as in the instance above quoted. Can you offer the slightest pretext or pallia-tion for your abandonment of your teacher, the Bible, which enjoins absolutely the keep-ing of that day, kept by God himself first, after the creation ? You pursued the viola-tion of the civil law unrelentingly and did not cease, until you secured a conviction. How, may I ask, will you fare when cited before the Divine tribunal, and compelled to confess from the pages of the Divine Record, which you boast of as your guide and teacher, that you have never once obeyed the Sabbath pre-cept, and that you stand to-day before God, heaven and earth as the most unmitigated Sabbath breakers on earth ? Do I exaggerate in the slightest degree the unscrupulous an-tagonism to the law of the Sabbath evinced by you, every week of your lives ? Not in the least. And for the purpose of leaving you not a shadow of excuse, I herewith present each of you two pamphlets containing the countless proofs of your apostasy from the teachings of the Bible, your sole and recog-nized teacher. I defy you to disprove these pamphlets. Observe silence with regard to them, and the public must conclude that you rank, as I have already designated you, amongst the champion Sabbath breakers on earth, as the pamphlets, based on God's Word, your guide, prove you to be. I have no sympathy with violations of the civil law, but when men are hunted down by self-righteous, self-constituted . . . spies, and detectives, whose record as violators of one of God's most positive precepts is unques-tionable, I am reminded of Satan rebuking sin. I will now conclude with the word of rebuke spoken by our divine Saviour (Matt. 7: 2) : " And why seest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye [the violations of the civil law] and seest not the beam in thy own ? " (the life-long career of a Sabbath breaker.) " Or how sayest thou to thy brother : Let me cut the mote out of thy eye; and behold a beam is in thy own eyes ? Thou hypocrite; cast  out first the beam out of thy own eye, and then shalt thou see to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye." Remove the beam be-fore you search for the mote. Having assigned you your true position as champion biblical Sabbath breakers, whilst I have shown that the victims of your self-righteous, arrogant and unjustifiable persecu-tion, were merely violators of the civil law, a crime insignificant compared. with yours, I close this correspondence with the sincere hope that you will reopen it, with a manly effort at self-vindication. Count on a reply. M. O'KEEFE, Catholic Pastor, Towson. Ł PERSECUTION IN THE TRANSCAUCASUS. [New York Independent.] WE have received news which has confirmed in all their hideous details the accounts which have already appeared in the English press of the persecution of the Dukhobors in the Transcaucasus. It all began by the Dukhobor conscripts being obliged by their officers to go to orthodox churches. The young soldiers wrote to their parents for advice, and they were counseled to throw down their arms. This they did, and were at once unmercifully beaten by command of their officers. The exact sequence of events is still wanting; but the next event is the assembling of all the Dukhobor soldiers in a field with their weapons. A huge fire has been built up and lighted, and on this they are casting their weapons when up gallops a regiment of Cossacks, with the provincial governor at their head. The Duk-hobors did not submit and point blank refused to serve in the army. The governor in a rage ordered the Cossacks to do their worst, and for seven long days the wretched religionists were beaten and cuffed about, their women dishonored, their property ruined. Their position is now a terrible one. Their villages have been broken up, and they are scattered about all over the country in twos and threes, none daring to offer them shelter. A PITIFUL PIECE OF SPECIAL PLEADING. [St. Louis Globe Democrat, July 14, 1895.] FROM the orthodox standpoint, the Advent-ist is absolutely right in the premises. If the Decalogue is to be regarded as perpetually binding upon the conscience of Christians, and all parts of it equally binding, there is not the slightest doubt that the seventh day should be observed as the Sabbath. There is not a shred of testimony in existence that either the Old or New Testament ever substituted any other day as a Sabbath. We are to " remem-ber the Sabbath day," and there is no " Sab-bath day" except Saturday. Any attempt to show that the sanctity of the day was trans-ferred to any other day is a pitiful piece of special pleading, unworthy an honest mind. There is not an argument to sustain such a view that any court in the land would have the patience to listen to. The facts are all against the " Christian sabbath." The term is a misnomer and ought never to be used. The simple historic fact is, that the early Church dropped the observance of the fourth commandment just as they dropped the ob-servance of many Jewish ceremonies, simply because these things belonged to an outgrown faith. . . . Luther and Calvin and the early Reformers understood this plainly. With them Sunday was not the substitute for the Sabbath. They never quoted the fourth com-mandment as having any relation to the Chris-tian day of rest. They observed Sunday sim- 