SENTINEL. 185 =religion;  it is again proven that Sunday is not only the mark of the papacy, but also that this country is the one symbolized by the two-horned beast of Rev. 13:11 God having thus pointed out this papal work, will it not be wise, for every sincere Protestant to closely study these things? And the "wise shall understand." Dan. 12:10. Shall We Discipline this Nation? BY A. R. BELL. "Tuts is a Christian nation."ŠU. S. Supreme Court, 1892. The word "Christian" being a descriptive adjective, reveals the fact(?) that the component parts of the na-tion (the individuals) are all Christians. Defining the "Christian citizen," the Christian En-deavorer, of May, 1897, says: "The 'Christian citizen' is one who brings Christian principles to bear upon his po-litical life." This is saying that the principles revealed to the world through Jesus Christ, the author of Christianity, which to day are by the power of God, through faith, re-vealed in the life of the believer, are "to bear upon his (the `Christian citizen's') political life." These principles are "love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance," and according to the above quotation, the representatives of this "Christian nation," in Congress assembled, should bring these Christian principles to bear in all their delib-erations. But what are the facts? Not only in Washington, but throughout all the land the very air we breathe seems to be heavily charged with the, spirit of war, and preparations for slaughter are going on night and day without ceasing. The govern-ment arsenal at Springfield, Mass., is turning out 500 rifles a day, and in Ilion, N. Y., the working force is being increased as fast as new tools can be made ready for serv-ice in the manufacture of weapons of destruction. In Reading, Pa., the Carpenter Steel Works has an order from the government for $1,000,000 worth of projectiles, and in Bethlehem, Pa., 5,000 men are working night and day turning out big guns. A day or two ago a train of twenty-one cars, each car loaded with a twelve-inch mor-tar, arrived at Sandy Hook, and they are being placed ready for use; and in every military and naval station all is bustle. And this in the face of the statement from the highest judicial authority in the land that "this is a Christian nation." Nor is this all. When this nation was declared "Christian" it was for the sole purpose of enforcing Christian laws, institutions, and usages, and Christian morality upon all, and as the chief of all laws, institutions, or usages, and the supreme test of "Christian morality" is the observance of Sunday as the "Christian Sabbath," it does not surprise us when we read, "The American Government . . . is bound  to maintain Sunday as a day of rest' and worship," and that "Sunday is the test of all religion," and we would naturally conclude that this "Christian nation" should honor and revere the "Christian Sabbath." But, again, what are the facts? We quote from the New York Journal, Monday, March 14:Š "No rest for war and navy chiefs. Busy all day [Sun-day] issuing orders." Again: "Newport torpedo station busy Sunday. . . . For the first time in the history of the torpedo station, the shop was run on Sunday:,  Again: "There was no Sunday quiet around the Carpen ter Steel Works to-day. Everybody was hustling and on the jump." And "The Bethlehem Works were run at full power to-day [Sunday]." The above places are all working under orders from the Government, and turning out machines of destruction the most powerful the world has ever seen. If there is one man above all others in this world that is held up to ridicule and contempt it is he who has made a profession of religion and proves false to it. This being so of the individual, what must it be of the nation? Pro-fessing religion, being declared "Christian" and yet prov-ing false to every principle of Christianity, is it not time that the hand of fellowship be withdrawn, and the United States taken off the church books? The Object of It. IT is made apparent by the facts stated at the hear-ing on the Sunday Rest bill, and by the testimony of res-idents of the city, that Washington is on Sundays a very quiet and decorous city, comparing favorably in this re-spect with any other city in the land, whether under rigid Sunday restrictions or not. This fact makes perfectly plain therefore the real pur-pose of the Sunday Law bill for the District. It was pot for the District of Columbia at ail; for the District had no need of it, even in appearance. It was simply and solely a scheme to commit Congress to Sunday legisla-tion. First, a District Sunday law; and then, standing on this vantage ground, a demand for a national Sun-day law. This is the program of the Sunday law agita-tors. A national Sunday law is their objective point. FREEDOM is reason's native air and man's inalienable right. No man can righteously sell, bequeath, or give away this original and necessary condition of the human soul; nor can any other man, or body of men, righteously come into possession of this primitive and inherent right of another. Years ago, in New England, a case to re-cover a fugitive slave was brought before Judge Harring-ton. To prove his claim, the slave-owner produced in court a bill of sale. The judge returned it, saying that it was not satisfactory. The Southerner's blood warmed and he indignantly asked what would be satisfactory to his honor. The judge replied, "A bill of sale from Almighty God."ŠSel. 