GLU For Dyspepsia, Co Unlike all other Flo and little starch Šwb Nutritious and pal Palled in America PAMPH Write to FAR W OUR iabetes and Obesity. se it contains no bran idity and flatulence. hest degree Un ri- FREE. etertown, N.Y. You want to succeed in life; you,should be trained for success. - The CAPITAL CITY COMMERCIAL COLLEGE and the CAPITAL CITY SCHOOL OP SHORTHAND, Y.11.0.A. Building, Desflifoines, Iowa, are among the leading business training sohools of this country. Board from $1.75 to $2.00 per week. All expenses reasonable. Competent graduates are assisted in securing positions. The best of everything. Send for catalogue to Mehan & McCauley, Des Moines, Iowa. 750 AMERICAN SENTINEL. College View Sanitarium Bakery, College View., Neb. The prepared foods from this establishment have from the first taken rank with the VERY BEST MADE ANYWHERE, And any one who uses them once is ever afterward a patron. They are all prepared from thechoicest selected grains, and the greatest care is exercised in securing the proper scientific combination of all the ingredients entering into their composition. Among the leading foods are the following:Š Granola Made from the best portions of wheat, oats, and corn, . cooked ready for useŠexcellent for infants, invalids, and trave ers. Graham, Oatmeal, and Fruit. Delicious, toothsome Crackers. easily digested. None better. Wafers wheat, gluten, rye, oatmeal, and carbon. Just what SŁ for. dyspeptics and those with weak digestive organs are looking  Pure 'Wheat Gluten cTiVlynitrreoct:imouesnctzt;:oofrwroaset, Lspea- debilitated condition. ZWeibach (or toast). Specially prepared and will keeplike crackers. lAicicohuasrmaninagstsrtsltyittzfhefrir and coffee. De- Cereal Coffee. Agents for the Sanitarium Health Food Co., and the Sanitas Food Co., Battle Creek, Mich. Sample package of foods 25 cents. 'Citrarqs. Send for catalogue. Webster's International Dictionary Successor of the "Unabridged." The One Great Standard Authority, So writes Hon. D. J. Brewer, Justice U. S. Supreme Court. Standard of the U. S. Gov't Printing Mice, the U. S. Supreme Court, all the State Su-preme Courts, and of near-ly all the Schoolbooks. Warmly Commended by State Superintendents of Schools, College Presi-dents, and otherEducators almost without number. Invaltuable Ł in the household, and to the teacher, scholar, pro-fessional man, and self-educator. THE BEST FOR PRACTICAL USE. It is easy to find the word wanted. It is easy to ascertain the pronunciation. It is easy to trace the growth of a word. It is easy,  o learn what a word means. The New' York Tribune Says:Š The latest edition comes from the press with a completeness that implies the most thorough edi- torial and typographical supervision. "` The wide public, too, finds this a work to which it is constantly useful to refer.ŠApril 8,1898. GET THE.BEST. OrŁSpecimen pages sent on application to G. & C. MERRIAM CO., Publishers, Springfield, Mass., U.S.A. His Glorious Appearing. An ExpOsition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with twenty full-page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his oum,second com- ing, and the signs of the times are clearlypointed out an relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, ! and Instructive. Price, attractive board cover, .25 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 89 Bond st., New York City, NUT BUTTER MILLS. Something new. Designed especial-ly for converting nuts into butter for table and culinary purposes. Valu-able recipes for the use of 'nuts.  Shelled and unshelled nuts of all kind S at reasonable prices. Send for de-scriptive circular and price list. JOSEPH LAMBERT, Battle Creek, flich. (Trade Mark Registered.) THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES. The people are looking for a perfect washing machine. It is found only in the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstlate the feel to intending purchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros., 18-2e Hanover St., Battle Creek, Mich. WATCH AND CHAIN FOR ONE DAY'S WORK. Boys and Girls can get a Nickel-Plated Watch, also a Chain and Charm for selling 13i doz. Packages of Blaineat lo cents each. end your full address by return mail and we will forward the Blaine, post-paid and a large Premium List, No money required. BLIIINE CO., Boa 3 , Concord Junction, Mass. "1 am surprised," Says PROP. E. A. SHELDON, President of the State Normal School, Oswego, N.Y. "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a com-pass and sold at so small a price." THE NEW Webster Dictionary AND Complete Vest. Pocket Library is, full of happy sur-prises. It successfully combines a Diction-ary of 45,800 words; a complete Parlia-mentary Manual; Literary Guide, etc. Positively the only pocket dictionary giving the full pro-nunciation of words. Over i ld. 300)000 cop- es so "I shall give this book a place in my vest pocket, a place that no other book.  thus far has had."ŠC. C. Gaines, Pres. of Eastman Business College. 192 Pages, 5%x2% in., Weight, 2 ounces. Should be owned by every Student, Business Man, and Person of Intelligence. Cloth, 25 cents; Morocco, 50 cents; Extra Qual-ity with Three Years' Calendar, Perpetual Memorandum, and Safety Postage-Stamp Holder. 60 cents. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. 