THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 395 which has cost this Nation so great a sacrifice, will no longer be respected. In the soon-coming con-flict we shall see exemplified the prophet's words: " And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ." Our land is in jeopardy. The time is drawing on when its legislators shall so abjure the principles of Protestantism as to give countenance to Romish apostasy. The people for whom God has so mar-velously wrought, strengthening them to throw off the galling yoke of popery, will by a national act give vigor to the corrupt faith of Rome, and thus arouse the tyranny which only waits for a touch to start again into cruelty and despotism. With rapid steps we are already approaching this period. When Protestant churches shall seek the support of the secular power, thus following the example of that apostate church, for opposing which their ancestors endured the fiercest persecution, then will there be a national apostasy which will end only in national ruin. These predictions are in rapid process of fulfillment. The statement that "in order to secure public favor, legislators will yield to the popular demand for a law enforcing Sunday observance," has already been f ul lied. Every one who is acquainted with the facts knows that this is exactly the ground upon which the Sunday closing of the World's Fair measure was secured from Congress last summer. Threats of loss of votes upon the part of the churches, and the acknowledged fear on the part of the legislators that to refuse to comply with the demand of the churches would not be " wise statesmanship " and would endanger the likelihood of their "coming back here again " were precisely the ele-ments which conspired to accomplish the unconstitutional result. Thus, clearly have the course and re-sults of this movement been marked out in the literature of this people. In con-clusion, we wish to ask the reader, in view of all the facts in the case, and of your own eternal interests, upon which side of this controversy do you think it wise for you to stand? W. A. COLCORD. One Day's Political Religion in Con- gress. THE proceedings of the second session of the Fifty-second Congress are already characterized by many of those incidents which would be apt to such a great coun-cil of religion as Chaplain Butler of the Senate declared that body resembled when discussing the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. Number 6, of the Congressional Rec-ord begins with " Prayer by the Chap-lain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D.D." Under its second sub-headŠ" Petitions and Memo-rials "Šsuch documents are reported as presented by twenty-one different sen-ators, nine of whom offered petitions upon religious subjects; one marked example being recorded as follows:Š MR. PEFFER. ŠI present a paper intended to be in the nature of a petition, but it refers to several different matters that are not cognizable by one committee, and I will briefly state its purport. It is first an expression of thanks to God, and to both Houses of Congress, and to the President for the passage of an anti-lottery law, and prays for the passage of the Hatch-Washburn anti-option bill. The next paragraph is a petition praying this body to stand by its action on the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, and not to retrace its steps in relation to the sale of intoxicating liquors on the World's Fair grounds. The next paragraph is a petition to Congress praying for legislation to restrict immigration by consular examinations, educational tests, and a high tariff on immigrants. The last paragraph is a petition to Congress and to the President to accomplish the submission of the proposed Sixteenth Amendment, forbidding  State Legislatures (as only Congress is now forbid-den) to unite Church and State, and especially for-bidding what is the very essence of such union, namely, sectarian appropriations. This paper comes from the Presbyterian Church of Washington, Kan., and inasmuch as it relates chiefly to matters that concern the Columbian Ex-position, I move that it be referred to the Select Committee on the Quadro-Centennial. The motion was agreed to. MR. DOLPH. ŠI present a copy of the petition just presented by the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Peffer]. It is a petition from citizens of Milton, Oreg. I move that the petition be referred to the Select Committee on the Quadro-Centennial. MR. PLATT. ŠWhat is the nature of the petition ? MR. DOLPH. ŠI say it is a copy of the petition which has just been presented by the Senator from Kansas, but from a different place. He has fully stated its contents, but I can give the contents if the Senator from Connecticut desires it. MR. PLATT. ŠJust in a word. MR. DOLPH. ŠIt starts out with the following resolution :Š Resolved, That we rejoice and thank God, and Congress also, with the President, for the Sabbath closing of the World's Fair. It authorizes our presiding officer to forward this and the following resolutions to the President and through our congressman and the senators residing nearest to us to both Houses of Congress, in dupli-cate. It resolves further:Š That we also express our heartfelt thanks to God and to both Houses of Congress, and to the President, for the passage of the anti-lottery law some months since, and to the House for the passage of the Hatch-Washburn bill, which we hereby petition the Senate and President to complete and so suppress gambling in foods. The :_ he paper also embraces the following resolu-tion :Š  we petition Congress to renew its rescinded action ex-cluding liquor-selling from the World's Fair, taken in the last session by both Houses, on the temperance ground alone, but now called for with the added reason that to allow the carry-Mg out of the Directors' contracts for the sale of liquor would violate two laws of Illinois, and so the act of Congress by which the Fair was instituted, and which requires that the State law shall be observed in the contracts and conduct of the Fair, to which violation of State and national laws we urge the Presi-dent, after due investigation through the Attorney-General, to call the attention of Congress. Then there is the following resolution:Š That we petition Congress and the President to accomplish the submission of the proposed Sixteenth Amendment, forbid-ding State Legislatures (as only Congress is now forbidden) to unite Church and State, and especially forbidding, what is the very essence of such union, sectarian appropriations. MR. PADDOCK. ŠIt seems to me that the petition should go to the Committee on Education and Labor. It is a typewritten petition, and it is not unlikely that a large number of such petitions will come here. MR. DOLPH. ŠThis petition was adopted at a pub-lic meeting held at Milton, Oreg., and is signed by the presiding officer of the meeting. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠWhat reference shall be made of the petition MR. PADDOCK. ŠI think it should be referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. MR. DOLPH. ŠI have no objection to that refer-ence. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠAt the request of the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Peffer] a similar peti-tion presented by him was referred to the Select Committee on the Quadro-Centennial. MR. PADDOCK.ŠAs the Senator from Kansas is not in the Chamber at this moment, I ask that the reference of the petition presented by him be re-considered, and that that petition and the one just presented by the Senator from Oregon lie on the table for the present. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠThat course will be pur-sued if there be no objection. The Chair hears none, and the petitions will lie on the table. The proceedings of the House of Rep-resentatives open thus THE SPEAKER, at 12 o'clock M., amid general applause, called the House to order. Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Millburn, D.D. Under the title, " Bills, Memorials, and Resolutions," is the followingŠread and referred BY MR. DURBOROW. ŠA joint resolution (H. Res. 168) to provide for the opening of the World's Columbian Exposition on SundayŠto the Select Committee on the Columbian Exposition. Twenty-four representatives presented petitions from their constituents; of these, thirteen referred to religious mat-ters. The remarkable blanket petition which occupied the attention of Senators Peffer, Dolph, Platt, Paddock, and the Vice-Pres- dent to the extent of a column in the Con-gressional Record, as quoted above, is a good example of the religio-political at-mosphere with which the church party of this country is striving to envelop the " great national council." As Senator Paddock tells us also, " It is not unlikely that a large number of such petitions will come here." The devout thanks of these petitioners seem to be about equally divided, with blasphemous impartiality, between God, Congress, and the President. From their point of view, of course, this is not blas-phemy, but highly proper; for they look to Congress as being the vicegerents of God on earth, to legislate and enforce the petitioners' interpretation of God's moral laws. Therefore there is to them no blas-phemy and no inconsistency in this vast hotch-potch of devotional expression to their threefold divinity, the supposed tutelary deity of the American Sunday, God, Congress, and the President, and those civil measures, the Hatch-Wash-burn anti-option bill, the anti-lottery law, the prohibition of liquor selling at the World's Fair; and then to add a closing clause which shouts aloud with derision at their opening paragraph :Š That we petition Congress and the President to accomplish the submission of the proposed Six-teenth Amendment, forbidding State Legislatures (as only Congress is now forbidden) to unite Church and State, and especially forbidding, what is the very essence of such union, sectarian appro-priations. How is it possible that senators, long experienced in public life, and presumedly fully conversant with the proprieties of civil affairs, can accept with unconscious gravity such ridiculously inconsequential inconsistencies, and fail to see either their inaptness to civil affairs or their glaring religious error ? Who will see and say, when these pe-titions, with which Senator Paddock tells us Congress is to be flooded, are considered in committee, that the last paragraph of this petition reminds Congress that it can not do, and prays that it restrict the States .from doing, just what in the first paragraph it thanks God, Congress, and. the President, has been done ? W. H. M. The Secret is Out. IT has been suspected that those people who so ardently advocate the revision of our Constitution so as to recognize Chris-tianity as a part of the common law of the land, had something more in their mind than devotion to the pure principles of Christianity, and late developments go very far to confirm the conviction. At the constitutional convention of North Dakota, held in the year 1889, Rev. Mr. Wylie, one of the secretaries of the American Sabbath Union, who appeared before that body, said, substantially : " As Americans we deny the old doctrine that kings rule by divine right, but we believe in the other doctrines, that the people have a divine right to rule; and since God is the source of all authority to the people, and since the Church of God, only recog-nizes that source, and is therefore the bet-ter element in the State, it follows that in order to have good government the Church should be the ruling power." We are to infer that the reverend gentleman believes that those men who are members of Chris-tian churches should have the preference for all places of trust in the legislative, 