216 ..A1VMIELICA-NT SigN '11.11.1NTIWEA VoL. 11, No. 27. NEW YORK, JULY 9, 1896. gar' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Do not fail to read the article, " Truth vs. Orthodoxy," on page 212. The tendency to confound truth and orthodoxy was probably never greater than it is to-day. CHRISTIAN citizenship, in its true sense, does not mean the use of civil power to pro-mote Christianity, but a practical recognition of the equal rights of our fellowmen. The Christian citizen will obey the Golden Rule. THE Illinois statute requiring that the na-tional flag be displayed over every school-house in the State, has been declared uncon-stitutional and void. This verdict was given by Judge Wright, in the Circuit Court at Champaign, Ill., June 26. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND (Roman Catholic) is credited with having eliminated from the Republican national platform, by means of his influence as a representative Catholic, during the recent St. Louis convention, a clause opposing the appropriation of public money for sectarian uses. CIVIL power is force; all the force that is necessary to secure compliance, even to the taking of life; but the gospel cannot be fur-thered by force. "All that take the sword shall perish with the sword," says the Saviour. It is clear, therefore, that the Christian citi-zen cannot use force for the promotion of the gospel. THE article, " How Shall We Reform So-ciety" (page 214), giving quotations from eminent Christian men and leaders in relig-ious thought, telling how not to reform it, is being circulated in leaflet form by the Inter-national Religious Liberty Association, at the national Christian Endeavor convention in Washington, D. C., simultaneously with its appearance in our columns. We trust it will find very many careful and candid readers. GOD is the author of liberty; and being its author, he has established man's natural right to liberty upon an immovable founda-tion, which could not be evolved from human customs, traditions, or creeds. The framers of the Declaration of Independence discov-ered this foundation when they published to the world that " all men are created equal," and " are endowed by their Creator with cer-tain unalienable rights." Upon this founda-tion, they could (and did) successfully appeal  to mankind. Were there no standard or source of authority to which man could appeal save man himself,Šor in other words, outside of that which is human,Šthe opinion of the majority would have to prevail. Were it not that man's right to liberty rests upon the eternal and immovable fact of his creation, by an infinitely higher Being than himself, the Declaration of Independence could never have been written. WE hear a great deal said about the danger that the " American sabbath " will give place to the " Continental Sunday," unless we have prompt and effective legislation for the en-forcement of Sunday observance. But the truth is, as appears from the article " Sunday in Germany " (p. 211), that already Germany is well abreast of this country in Sunday leg-islation. The only essential difference in the conditions there and here is that in Germany a lesser number of the people have any genu-ine regard for the day than is the case in this country. And this is something that all the legislation in the world cannot help. MANITOBA continues to be violently agi-tated over the question of separate Roinan Catholic, Schools. The Canadian Presbyte-rian General Assembly, in recent session, passed resolutions strongly denouncing the restoration of such separate schools, as violat-ing the principle which forbids the appropri-ation of public funds for sectarian uses. The advantage at present seems to lie with the Protestants, but the Catholics will continue the fight as long as they see any chance of success. The whole affair illustrates the wisdom of keeping religion out of the affairs of the State. Let it be settled once for all that no relig-ious body or combination of bodies can look to the State with any reasonable hope of re-ceiving aid therefrom, and the State will be relieved not only of a continual incentive to injustice, but of a source of endless perplexity and trouble as well. It must needs be that denominational controversies will exist; but by all means let them be confined within the narrowest possible area. WE say that religion should be kept separ-ate from the affairs of the State. Our oppo-nents strongly disclaim any intention of unit-ing Church and State, but say that a union of religion and the State is proper and desir-able. In favoring this they endeavor to con-found religion with morality and justice. But to say that religion should be kept sep-arate from the State does not in the least imply that the State must act wrongfully in anything. " Religion" may be right and it maybe wrong. As a matter of fact most relig-ions in the world are wrong; indeed, all are save one, and that is the Christian religion. In joining religion with the State, therefore, the chances are altogether in favor of joining the State to error, and producing a union  which, if it amounts to anything, must result in wrong doing on the part of the State. And here an important truth ought to be stated, which is that even the Christian re-ligion itself is true only as defined and ap-plied by the Holy Spirit. Left to the opera-tion of this Spirit,Ša source of wisdom and power infinitely beyond any that is human,Šthe Christian religion comes to the individual as the perfect, saving truth; but otherwise, as when applied by the State, it becomes error in its most dangerous form. In other words, the mixture of divine truth with con-ceptions that are human and finite produces the most deceptive and dangerous error, since it is divine in appearance, yet because of its, mixture with the human, cannot lead the soul to God. The Christian religion ,is God's truth, conceived by himself and his son Jesus Christ in the counsels of eternity between them, and altogether beyond even the comprehension of angels as applied in the saving of men's souls. Man may hold forth the word of life as God gives it to him; but to enforce or apply any doctrine of that religion to the life of any individual is a matter which only the Spirit of God can rightly do. Therefore we do not want re-ligionŠeven the Christian religionŠbrought into the operation of the affairs of the State. But we do want justice to be there always. We want respect for the natural rights of all men to control the civil power in all its ac-tions. We want the State to do rightly all that it has rightfully the power to do; and what that is is defined in the Declaration of Independence. And if it does this it will not be a Godless State, for God cannot be separated from right and justice. THE July Arena contains a very striking and suggestive paper by the editor, B. 0. Flower, entitled, " The General Discontent of American Wealth Creators as Illustrated in Current Cartoons." Those who wish to make themselves acquainted with the real condition of the industrial population of this country and the causes which have produced this condition should not miss reading Mr. Flower's paper. It contains many illustra-tions, which tell their own story in a most convincing way. WHEN William H. Seward said: " There is a higher law than the Constitution," he sim-ply recognized the well-established principle that nothing is really law which contravenes natural, God-given rights. Even constitu-tions must yield to the eternal principles of justice. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the 'New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 