PREPARING AN AMENDMENT TO THE LAW OF GOD. TEE law of God declares, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." But mortal, fallible men have dared to make an amendment to that law, by declaring that the first day is the Sabbath, and that the seventh day is no longer to be observed. And they have even gone further than this, and are petitioning the legislatures to force this amend-ment upon all persons, by law! Shall such work have the support of lovers of justice and truth? LONG should pause the erring hand of man before it dares to chip away with the chisel of human reasonings one single word graven on the enduring tables by the hand of the infinity God! Wbat is proposed?ŠTo make an erasure in a heaven-born code; to expunge one article from the recorded will of the Eternal! Is the eternal tablet of his law to be defaced by a creature's band? He who pro-poses such an act should fortify himself by reasons as holy as God and as mighty as his power. None but consecrated hands could touch the ark of God; thrice holy should be the hands which would dare alter the testimony which lay within the ark. By the lasting authority of the whole Decalogue with which the fourth commandment is inseparably connected, which is the embodiment of immutable moral law, and by the very words used in framing the command, the Sabbath is shown to be an insti tution of absolute, universal, and unchanging obligation.ŠRev. Geo. Elliott. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, JANUARY 12, 1899. NUMBER 2. THERE are no safe deposit vaults for indi-vidual rights. THE true foun-dation of a gov-ernment is not its laws, but the character of its people. THE hardest and most hope-less task ever un-dertaken by man is that of effect-ing a moral com-promise with God. GOOD law is the result, not the cause, of right public sentiment-It can never be the starting-point in true re-form. A LEGISLATURE can pass laws, but it cannot turn out charac-ter. Only God can do that, and even he must have the cooper-ation of the indi-vidual. THE only safe way to avoid the last step in reli-gious intolerance is to refrain from taking the first. THE world needs not to be more firmly bound by the fetters of law, but to be loosed from the fetters of sin. It is condemned enough by law already. LAWS which are designed to cod-dle men are the worst of all laws, because while they seem to be good, they tend always to weaken character in the individual. AT the fall of Adam, not the power of legisla-tion, but the power of love, stood between mankind and moral ruin. And the situation is not different to-day. 