If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / duIke him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, MARCH 22, 1894. NUMBER 12.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. , I WILLIAM II. MC  KEE. WE have been asked what objection we have against the proposed Sixteenth Amendment to the United States Consti-tution ? WE have also been asked what we think of the so-called League for the Protec-tiok of American Institutions, which is the originator and promoter of this pro-posed Sixteenth Amendment? WE are perfectly willing to answer both of these questions. Indeed, we answered them four years ago in these columns; but are ready to answer them again, not only because we are asked, but because this subject comes naturally in the line of our studies and discussion of methods of op-posing the encroachments of Rome. THIS proposed Sixteenth Amendment is framed as follows:Š No State shall pass any law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or use its property or credit, or any money raised by taxation, or authorize either to be used for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by appropriation, payment for services, expenses, or otherwise, any church, religious denomination, or re-ligious society, or any institution, society, or under-taking which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesiastical control. THERE are two objections to this pro-posed amendment. First, it does not go far enough; and second, it is not honest as far as it does go. It does not go far enough because it only forbids " any State" to use its property or credit or money for the purposes named, while it leaves the United StatesŠthe national GovernmentŠfree to keep on doing it, as it has been doing, to the extent of hun-dreds of thousands of dollars ever since 1885. Again, it does not go far enough, in that it only forbids any State to aid, " by appropriation," " any institution, society, or undertaking which is wholly, or in part, under sectarian or ecclesias- tical control," while it does not forbid any State even to make appropriations in aid of religious institutions, societies, or undertakings, under State control. So that there is nothing in this proposed amendment to prevent any State or the national Government from making all the appropriations of property, credit and money that can be obtained, for the sup-port of religion or for religious purposes, so long as the institution or society, or even the church to which the appropria-tion may be made, is under State or national control, and not " under secta-rian or ecclesiastical control." THIS is not only ,so, but is intended to be so, by the chief organizers of the league and the originators of the pro-posed amendment. And this is where the thing is not honest as far as it does go. And here we begin to tell not what we think of this league, but what we know of it. The chief, if not the sole origina-tors of the league, were James M. King, D. D., of this city, who has always been and is now its secretary; and Hon. John Jay, who was the first president of the league, and continued its president for several years, until his death. And it is a plain and distinct matter of record that both James M. King and John Jay were all this time actively committed to the support of religion by the State. Of this there is abundant and undeniable proof, some of which we shall now give. IT is well known, and a matter of pub-lic record, that in 1888 Henry W. Blair, then United States Senator from New Hampshire, introduced a joint resolution 'to amend the Constitution of the United States, which provided in so many words for the enforcement, by . the national power, of the teaching of " the principles of the Christian religion" in all the pub-lic schools in the land. February 15, 1889, James M. King, D. D., then the representative of the Evangelical Alliance and now secretary of this league, appeared before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, and argued in favor of the adoption of that proposed Blair amendment. He argued earnestly for that " Christianity " which is " a part of American law," and further said :Š The Christianity which has from the beginning char- acterized our public schools, and which properly be-longs to the schools of Christian people, is thus alluded to by the Evangelical Alliance in a recent circular to the American people:Š " Touching the management of our common schools, on the purity of whose teaching depends the character of the nation, this Alliance would earnestly and re-spectfully entreat all who would maintain in their purity and beneficence our American institutions to have eye to the schools in their own immediate neigh-borhood; to cherish them with affectionate and jealous care; to guard them from partisan and sectarian manipulation; to see that the teachers are fitted for their work, morally as well as intellectually, and that they worthily appreciate the grandeur of their task in training children for their high duties as American citizens. They should clearly understand that while those duties are based upon the broad, tolerant Chris-tianity which our country holds to be, in a modified sense, a part of the American lawŠthe Christianity revealed in the Bible, and whose divine origin and birth are judicially recognizedŠa Christianity not founded upon any particular tenets, but Christianity with liberty of conscience to all menŠthe Christian ethics and influence thus authorized and demanded in our schools must never be narrowed or perverted in our State institutions, and least of all in our public schools, by the admission of denominational dogmas or doctrines, or of decrees or maxims at variance with American rights, American principlessor American law, or inconsistent with the fundamental American principle of a complete separation of Church and State." AGAIN : In the winter of 1889-90 the Supreme Court of Wisconsin decided against the use of the King James version of the Bible in the public schools. The court decided thus upon the strength of the clause in the State constitution for-bidding sectarian instruction in the public schools, and which forbids the State to make any law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. In short, the Supreme Court of Wisconsin decided against the use of the Bible in the public schools, under consti-tutional provisions which in substance and on their face are identical with this amendment which is proposed by the National League for the Protection of American Institutions; yet, on the eighth day of April, 1890, in the New York Con-ference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Dr. King, at the time general secretary of this league, as chairman of the Confer-ence Committee on Religion and Public Education, presented a report, in which are the following statements of what the committee called " principles " :- 2. That the separation of Church and State cannot 