THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 275 moral character. And that freedom no man has any right to abridge except within the narrow limits which we have indicated, namely, in so far as may -be essential to the preservation of the equal rights of others. Nor does this mean that the moral sense of one, nor yet of many, must be protected from the shock incident to the failure or refusal of the minority, or even of a single individual, to worship as the majority hold to be right. No man has a right to enter a place of worship and manifest open contempt for the place, the forms observed, the worshippers, nor the object of the ser-vice. The man who voluntarily enters a place of wor-ship may very properly be required to conform to the rules that obtain there. But it is just as true that no man can of right be compelled to attend or support any place of worship. Nor is it right to expose upon the street, to carry in procession, or in any manner to force upon the atten-tion of the public any religious forms, institutions, symbols, objects, or relics, and require anybody under civil penalty to show them respect by uncovering the head, bending the knee, or doing any other act indica-tive of reverence. Religious liberty consists not merely in freedom to worship as one's conscience dictates ; it means also freedom from all dictation and compulsion touching the religious faith, forms, institutions and usages of others. The Protestant who, though permitted to re-ceive the Lord's supper in both kindsŠpartaking of both bread and wineŠshould be required to receive also a wafer at the hands of a priest, would in such a case, be denied religious liberty just as truly as though forbidden to receive the supper at all. The same is true of the Jew, Seventh-day Baptist, or other Sabbatarian who, while permitted to keep the day of his choice, in obedience to what he believes to be the divine command, is required to observe another day which his neighbors hold to be enjoined by the Creator. Again, men generally recognize the fact that the taking of money from an individual by taxation for the support of religion is a denial of religious liberty. Comparatively few, however, see that exactly the same principle is involved in taking a portion of time, as is done by laws requiring the observance of sacred or supposedly sacred days. Sunday legislation, as it ex-ists in nearly all countries, is no more defensible than is any other form of taxation in the interests of re- ligion. B. The Sunday law practically shuts everybody up in their homes or in the churches, on the first day of each week ; thus treating them as criminals who ought to be deprived of their liberty, instead of free citizens. Sunday Enforcement in Pennsylvania. A Seventh-day Adventist named Field was arrested recently in Pennsylvania for working on Sunday, and was fined four dollars and costs by a justice of the peace. The law under which the arrest was made and this fine imposed was passed in 1794, and prohibits all "worldly employment or business on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday (works of necessity and charity only excepted)." The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has declared (Johnson's case, 22 Pa., 192) that in sustaining this law the courts recognize "divine command and hu-man legislation." Thus the law is distinctly religious. In other words, it is an effort to enforce a human in-terpretation of the divine law. Mr. Field belongs to a people who believe that the seventh day is the true Lord's day according to the Scriptures, and that it is their duty to keep it. And not only so ; they believe that Sunday is a rival and counterfeit of the true Sabbath, which is the seventh day; and that to observe it as the Sabbath, knowing its origin and character, is displeasing to God. Something as the government takes a piece of paper or metal, and by putting its stamp upon it gives it a distinctive character unlike all other pieces of paper or metal not similarly stamped by the same authority, so God has stamped the seventh day with a character peculiar to itself, and this distinction all men are under obligation to respect. But this the law of Pennsylvania forbids; for.while in that State no man can be arrested avowedly for keeping that part of the divine law which forbids labor upon the seventh day, any man is liable to arrest if he does not treat another day outwardly just as he does the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. Thus the law-  of Pennsylvania, by forbidding worldly employ-ment on Sunday, forbids the making of the very dis-tinction between all other days and the Sabbath of the Lord, required by the fourth commandment. In this connection the following points made against the Pennsylvania Sunday Law in 1821 by Alexander Campbell in the Reporter, of Washington, Pa., will be of interest. Mr. Campbell says :Š "My objections are the following:Š "(1) Because the law is intended to compel all citizens without respect to any conscientious convic-tion to observe a day in one sense only, by abstain-ing from industrial employments which in some in-stances only facilitates the commission of crime and greatly increases these very vices and immoralities which are bewailed. To instance this, I will only men-tion one fact known to many, viz., that hundreds of men, nay thousands, commit more sin in being com-pelled to refrain from the daily business of life on this 