AMERICAN SENTINEL. 735 Leo XIII. knows perfectly well what he is about; would that the American peopleŠand especially those at the head of the GovernmentŠknew it too. C. H. K. The War of Principle.ŠNo. 8. "ALECK, you said that Christ overcame the whole Roman power. I do not see how. Did he not die under Roman law,Šand that administered on a false charge? It seems to me Rome triumphed over him." "That depends, Cecil, on what you regard as a tri-umph. Christ preserved his honor, his manhood, his principles. He asserted his complete independence of human power, and gave Pilate to understand that even the rulers of the state could have no power except it were allowed them from above." "But why was it allowed?" "To make manifest to men and angels the character of good and evil,Šthe difference between Christ and Sa-tan. Jesus said that he could call for twelve legions of angels, and banish the Roman power or any other power he pleased, did he choose to use the power of force." "Why did he not do it then?" "Because, by so doing, he would have defeated him-self in his plan of restoring men to allegiance to divine love, and of preserving the dominions of heaven in loy-alty to God. It was in the plan to trust implicitly in God's love, even in the darkest possible hour, in all the human weakness of sorrow and death, and hold to utter independence of man, and utter dependence in God, in defiance of all that man and devils might do unto him." "It certainly was marvelous self-denial to submit to death on a false accusation, when it might have been pre-vented by a word." "Yes, from the self point of view, it was marvelous. On the other hand, what stupendous consequences made the scale balance on the side of the suffering of Calvary. "The destiny of a world trembled in the balance," and how much more we know not. More centered in that hour of destiny than we can fathom. At times we catch glimpses. The loyal angels had not utterly given Satan up, or seen the full malignity of his evil principle of self--dependence, until he came in personal contact with Christ and then the antagonism of his principle warred against the principle of dependence on God. The root of the  matter was his determination to be God, and have Christ's angels and men yield him homage." "How do you know that he was still cherished bythe angels?" "I gather it ;from the words of Christ, when he says, `Now is the prince of this world cast out.' The-  prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me.' Up to that time he had not been utterly cast out from the re-gard of the heavenly host; in that he still held some place, until he cast himself utterly out by murdering the Prince of Love." "It was a strange way of overcoming," said Cecil, slowly. "Yes, he conquered though he died, and his enemies themselves were forced to acknowledge his victory." "How, Aleck?" "In the first place, they had to find false witnesses. Pilate washed his hands of his innocent blood, the wo-men wept as he went to the cross, the centurion declared him the Son of God, the thief recognized his divinity, the Jews had a Roman guard placed at his tomb. Men were convicted of his Godlikeness, of his high integrity, and knew he was the victor though he appeared the victim. That is why I said he overcame the Roman power; for the Roman power is simply the power of the world. "Now what do you mean, Aleck?" "I mean that Rome and the world are one and the same thing, and that if the world is not cast out, Rome is in us, and Rome crucifies the Christ in all ages to save herself." "You grow more and more mystical. What do you mean by the world being in us, and the world being Rome?" "The Word of God says, 'All that is in the world, the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life, are not of the Father, but are of the world; and the world passeth away, and the lust thereof; but he that doeth the will of God abideth for ever."' "Then do you think that it is 'the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life,' that constitutes the world?" "Yes, Cecil. Think of it carefully, and you will find that that is all that is in the world. All the rest is sim-ply its manifestation, and this world originated and is sustained by the principle of human dependence. Utter reliance on God will cast the world and the lust thereof out, and give God room to will and to do in us accord-ing to his own good pleasure." "Yes, said Cecil, slowly. The lust of the eyes leads to all outside show, the lust of the flesh to all self-gratifica-tion, the pride of life to all strife for supremacy,Šyes, the world is in it; but how is the death of Christ in it?" "Can you not see? Because that is the devil, and always was, and always will be. He was a murderer from the beginning. These lusts mount up as raging flames to consume God at last, and to enthrone self. The only way to be found guiltless of the blood of Christ and his people, is to have the world cast out; for the 