4 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. come religious is itself a piece of irreligion, and the absurdity of such an attempt is as flagrant as the iniquity of it. The timid may be compelled to a feigned assumption of what they neither understand nor approve ; but the judgment, the conscience, and the affec-tions, the abodes of religion or its opposite, are not within the reach of compulsion; error and vice have retreats from which nothing but truth and grace can banish them. The conduct of the religious despot is preposter-ous and infamous ; his machinations and ef-forts tend to the extinction of all which is free, noble, and ingenuous in man, and to the production of those pests to society, suspicion, servility, deceit, and hypocrisy. Even supposing the principles and tendency of a religion to be good, the imposition of it by force is adapted to produce effects the contrary of itself. But any religion which is founded in truth, and which has an intrin-sic power of improving our nature and condi-tion, must have an intrinsic hostility to brib-ery and compulsion. Christianity spread and triumphed, not by the physical or numerical strength of its ministers, but by pureness, by knowledge, by long-suffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned, by the word of truth, by the power of God, and by the armor of righteousness on the right hand and on the left. The acts of faith and obedi-ence to which the gospel calls us, are a reason-able service, to which we are to be drawn by the mercies of God, and not driven by the terrors of men.ŠClarke's History of Intolerance. III  The National Sunday Convention. THE National Convention of the American Sunday Union met in the Foundry M. E. Church, Washington, D. C., December 11-13. The auditorium was draped with long strips of red cotton, on which were pasted the peti-tions of about fourteen millions of alleged petitionersŠover six millions of Protestants, and seven million two hundred thousand CatholicsŠand decorated with large and handsomely-printed copies of the coat of arms of each State in the Union. The first meeting was presided over by 'Mr. Elliott F. Shepard, of the New York Mail and Express, and was addressed by Dr. J. H. Knowles, editor of the Piarl of Days, and Secretary of the National Sunday Union, Mrs. Josephine C. Bateham, of the W. C. T. U., Mr. A. S. Dive; ex-Director of the Erie Railroad, and Mr. Shepard, the presiding officer. Dr. Knowles's address was a brief account of the origin of the National Sunday Union, which was this: In 1887 Dr. W. P. Crafts suggested to Dr. Knowles that such a thing ought to be, and Dr. Knowles agreed with him. -In May, 1888, Dr. Crafts addressed a memorial to the General Conference of the M. E. Church assembled in New York City, asking that body to take the initiative in the organization of a National Sunday Union. That body heartily responded, appointed a committee, and laid upon Dr. Knowles' the duty of bringing the matter before other bodies. He did so, and the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church North, and of the Pres-byterian Church South, the Baptist Union, the United Presbyterian Church, the Congre-gationalists, the Methodist Protestant Church, and fifteen others, all cordially entered into the plan of organization. In addition to these, the W. C. T. U., the National Reform Association, the Knights of Labor, and the Catholic Church as embodied in - Cardinal Gibbons, are to be counted. Mrs. Bateham pointed to the festoon -of petitions and said she was reminded of the scripture which says we are "compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses," and announced that there were fourteen mill-ions of these witnesses in the petitions-hang-ing upon the pillars of the building. She declared that these fourteen million witnesses refuse to surrender the richest boon granted of God and our fathers. She said that un-doubtedly this was the largest petition:  ever presented to any Government, and that it was not yet complete; for since she had come into the room she had opened one letter con-taining a thousand names, and another con-taining nine hundred, and others from col-leges, seminaries, etc., containing smaller numbers. She said the Blair Sunday Bill had been specifically indorsed by hundreds of thousands; but the majority of the four-teen millions had asked in general terms for a Sunday law. Through Dr. Crafts they had secured the indorsement of two hundred and forty thousand. She stated that all the States have Sunday laws, while the nation has none, which is much needed to throw the Govern-ment on the side of the Sunday. In favor of the Sunday law she reported " 1. The leaders of thought everywhefe. "2. All Christians except the very small sect of Seventh-day Baptists. "3. The Roman Catholics, because Cardi-nal Gibbons indorsed for all his people. " 4. The laboring classes. " 5. Nearly all intelligent people except those who are blinded by business interests." In opposition to it she reported:Š " 1. Sunday papers. " 2. Railroad managersŠprobably. "3. Steamboat companies, and managers of Sunday resorts. Ł "4. Saloonists and their abettors and allies. " 5. Business men who make much money. " 6. Seventh-day BaptistsŠnot large in numbers." Then she said : "In the face of this opposi-tion, can the law be secured? Certainly it can. It would be absurd to think that four-teen millions of people could not get what they desire. Morality must be upheld. God is behind and in it all." The object of General Diven's address was, as a railroad expert, to show the total absence of any necessity for Sunday trains. His plan is that live-stock trains shall stop over Sun-day so as to allow the stock -to be let out and obtain relief from the crowding of the cars. In the case of passenger trains from ocean to ocean he would have the most attractive places fitted up at the proper points where  the trains should stop over Sunday, and hav the railroad companies give to each passentŁ ger a free ticket to hotel accommodations', meals, and the pleasures of the attractive re-sort. But the general did not explain just how a free ticket to an attractive resort will promote the observance of the Sabbath. As for milk trains, he said that as a rule milk supplies were not over one hundred miles from the city ; that Saturday's milk would supply on Sunday; and the whole of Sunday's milk could start after sundown and reach the cities in good time for Monday morning's delivery, for said he: "I am only contending for the suspension of trains during the day-time of Sunday." But he did not ex-plain how a train is any more sinful in the day-,  time than it is in the night-time of the Sabbath,' Mr. Diven himself, however, was willing to,l justify Sunday trains in the day-time "for the: accommodation of church goers," but he said its had been suggested that he "had better leave; out that part of his address." At this there was such, a clapping of hands that he con-cluded that he " had better leave it out." The chairman next introduced Dr. Crafts,  as pastor of the First Union Church, New York' City, which he explained by saying that it! was the first church organized after the union; of the Old School and New School Presby-terians. Mr. Craft's gave way for a few min-utes to allow Mrs. Bateham to answer a ques-tion that had been sent up. In the announce-ments that had been made before the meet-ing, it was stated that the church in which the Convention was to be held would be festooned with the names of six millions of petitioners;'' but at the very beginning of this, the first' meeting, it was stated that there were fourteen: millions of them. The question was how the number could have grown so much larger so suddenly. This was explained by the fact that Cardinal Gibbons had written a letter indorsing the Blair Bill, and solely upon the strength of his name seven million two hundred thousand Catholics were counted as petitioners. This was not an entire answer to the ques-tion, because the Cardinal's letter did not au-thorize any such use of it as they had made, at least so much of it as was made public `did not. The whole of the letter was not made public, because, Dr. Crafts said, it was for the Senate Committee. But so much of it as was read merely referred to the action of the Bahl.- ' more Council in commanding a stricter ob-servance of Sunday, and said :Š "I am most happy to add my name to those of the millions of others who are laudably contending against the violation of the Chris-tian Sabbath by unnecessary labor, and who are endeavoring to promote its decent and proper observance by judicious legislation." This was all. He said, "I am happy to add my name," etc. He did not say that he added, or that he wished to add, seven million -two hundred thousand others with his name, or in his name. But-the over-weening anxiety of these Christian, Protestant (?) Sunday-law work-ers for petitions was so great that, without a twinge, they could and did multiply one Cath- 