370  CAW SlENTrr IN1E o VoL. 8, No. 47. righteous who keep his commandments and do his will in his way,Šand the broad road which they follow, who having given themselves to the furtherance of the great deception are unconscious, and yet zealous, advocates for evil in the last great con-test. By them will the wrath of man and of Satan be made to praise God. If this consummation is soon to be reached, and it is now glooming toward the darkest hour just before the day, shall not the watchman on the walls cry,Š"All is well, for the morning comes"? If this be true, then God's sure promises are about to be fulfilled to his people and it is time that they " arise and shine." W. H. M. National Reformers in Council. THE event of the season in National Reform circles was the convention held in the First United Presbyterian Church, Allegheny, Pa., November 14, 15, and 16. As stated last week, this was the largest and most enthusiastic meeting of the kind ever held in this country, or in any coun-try, since the palmiest days of the Papacy, when so-called Christianity was the su-preme law of the Roman world,Šas Na-tional Reformers demand that it shall be of the United States,Šand the State promptly laid its hand upon any religion that did not conform to it, as these same pseudo-reformers demand shall be done also in this country. The programme was elaborate and al- most every phase of National Reform work was discussed. The subjects of the papers and addresses were :Š The Broad Basis of National Reform, Qualities of the Christian Reformer, You Can't Make Men Moral by Law, Practical Aims of the Convention, Moral Problems in National Life, The Law of the Lord of the Sabbath Paramount in the Nation, The King-ship of Christ, The Sunday Newspaper, Our Di-vorce Laws and the Law of Christ, The Chinese Exclusion Law and the Law of Christ, Our Danger from Infidelity and How to Meet It, The Drink Traffic, The Labor Problem, The Moral Character and Accountability of the Nation, The Ultimate Source of National Authority, The Place of the Bible in National Legislation, The Relation of the Nation to Christ, Constitutional Expression of Fun-damental Moral Principles, Public Education and the Christian Religion, Railroad Men and Sunday Work, Christian Reform or National Ruin,ŠWhich 2 Nearly all the papers were able, some masterly; but a single question raised, in-nocently enough, by one speaker revealed the innate weakness of the whole move-ment, namely, " If God is the Ruler who are his executors ?" The answer was, " We, the people." It is equally true that in their scheme, " we, the people " are also the interpreters of the will of God. And " we, the people " are simply the dominant party. In treating the subject, "You Can't Make Men Moral by Law," President Scovel of Wooster University, Ohio, denied the proposition in toto, and affirmed most em-phatically that law is the very agency by Ł which men are made moral. This is un-questionably true of the moral law, the law of God, for the Psalmist declares, " The law of the Lord is perfect, convert-ing the soul; " but it is not true of human law. But in treating the subject President Scovel made no distinction between human and divine law, and practically affirmed divinity of all law, whether human or di-vine. This was the weak spot in his other-wise able paper. "The Kingship of Christ" was treated by Rev. W. F. Crafts, who showed how in all the Scriptures "the kingship and  saviourship of Christ are linked together." But he forgot to mention, or did not know, that while the kingship and saviourship are frequently mentioned in close connec-tion the two offices do not in fact run con-temporaneously. It is when Christ comes again that he comes " King of kings and Lord of lords." Christ is now "a priest upon his Father's throne." At the close -of his priestly work Dan. 7:13, 14 and Ps. 2 : 7-9 will be fulfilled; but those who now insist upon the kingship of Christ, in the National Reform sense, are merely following in the footsteps of those who anciently would have taken Jesus by force to make him king; and like them they practically deny him. But notwithstanding the sophistries of National Reform and the structural weak-ness of the system, the movement is gath-ering force, and in connection with various other so-called reform organizations the National Reform Association is destined to do a good deal of practical work in the near future. It is true that the Supreme Court decision of Feb. 29, 1892, renders unnecessary the amendment which the association has long demanded, but Na-tional Reformers are not satisfied and are still demanding "the embodiment in our fundamental law of a suitable acknowl-edgement of God as the ultimate source of national authority, of the Bible as the su-preme rule of moral legislation, and of Christ as the Nation's Sovereign, Lord and King." Not all the energies of the asso-ciation are however to be devoted to the securing of this amendment. A lobby is to be established in Washington "to press at every opportune time, in cooperation with agents of other kindred reform or-ganizations, any such bill or bills as may be before Congress in defense of our pub-lic schools, for the investigation or sup-pression of the drink traffic, or for divorce or any other Christian reform; that the committee labor as far as possible for the enactment of a national Sabbath law, and for the promotion of such an amendment to the national Constitution as will justify beyond all peradventure the declaration of our Supreme Court that ' this is a Christian Nation.' " That much will erelong be accomplished by the National Reformers can scarcely be doubted by those who have watched the trend of recent events. They have learned that they hold Congress in their hands, and they will not hesitate to use their power. Petitions, letters, and tele-grams will be showered upon congressmen until they will be made to believe that the people demand various and far-reach-ing measures of religious legislation. And now that the precedent has been established by the World's Fair legislation, Congress can scarcely do otherwise than grant what-ever the churches ask. But really it makes little difference what legislation is had henceforth, or whether a religious amendment shall be secured or not; the union of Church and State has already been effected. The evil principle has been recognized by the three branches of the Government, and whatever may be done hereafter will be only the logical out-come of what has been already done. The National Reformers of the various schools, embracing all the various so-called reform associations that have lent their influence to the furtherance of National Reform principles, have already subverted our free institutions; they have established a veritable image to the Papacy. It is there, though scarcely discerned by many;  and, like the shadow on the sensitive plate, only needs to be developed to be seen by all; and also like the photographer's neg-ative it must be developed in a dark room. The clear sunlight of truth would ruin it, hence the seductive hues in which it is colored. The time long since foretold by a prominent National Reformer has come. Politicians are tumbling over one another to secure front seats in the pseudo-reform car, and the careless masses cheer them on, caring nothing for the consequences, many of them indeed thinking that they are doing God service. But in fact National Reform is only making void the law of God by the traditions of men. C. P. B. The lust and Considerate Views of a Sunday Keeper. [These extracts are taken from an excellent artiŁ -cle in the Wilmington Messenger, of Wilmington, North Carolina, written from the standpoint of a Sunday keeper, by a lawyer of that city.] THIS duty [rest-day observance] is only one of the many duties resting on Chris-tian people, and the observance of it, whether at all, or to what extent, is a matter which addresses itself only to the conscience of each particular individual, and no outside interference to enforce its observance seems consistent with Chris-tian peacefulness and forbearance. The appropriate agencies for the conversion of the world are preaching, praying, and the exercise of a godly life and conversation. All of the apostles and evangelists, and the great teachers and preachers of the world, contented themselves with preach-ings and warnings and prayers, and then left the responsibility with the world; but they abstained from all overt acts of op-position or interference in their work of reformation. . . . One Church [the Methodist Episcopal], by a canon passed in 1832 only enacts, that " all persons within this church shall celebrate and keep the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday, in hearing the word of God taught and read, in private and public prayer, in other exercises of devo-tion, and in acts of charity, using all godly and sober conversation." But this law binds only the members of that church, and with its customary good sense and conservatism simply enjoins a duty, and contains no negative proposition whatever. It leaves the world alone, and its own members to their individual con-sciences. I do not know how it is with other churches; but manifestly their laws bind only themselves, and they should attempt no more. Upon all outside of the Church, excepting the laws of the State, there is no law at all requiring any ob-servance of the Lord's day, or forbidding any work, recreation, relaxation, or thing whatsoever. I say then that the observ-ance of the Lord's day is simply a moral duty which rests on all mankind at all times, to love and worship God, and keep his commandments, and that he who keeps it with any other motive or feeling ...than a profound thankfulness for, and the remembrance of, the love of Jesus Christ in rising from the dead for our sakes, does not keep it at all. The preaching of the truth, and the set-ting forth of godliness, in our lives and conversation, are the only efficacious means of converting the minds and hearts of mankind. " If they hear not Moses and the prophets," it is not necessary to do anything further; the responsibility is 