"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for / Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 13, 1894. NUMBER 49. God-ordained; beyond it, any human gov-ernment is only usurpation Therefore the Christian who claims freedom of con-science for himself, must unhesitatingly award the same to every other man, how-  ever much his feelings may be hurt, or his religious prejudices outraged. American Sentinel PUBLISHED WEEKLY NY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISH/NO COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLIVIAN, - EDITORS. A. F. BALLENGER, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. IT always costs something to consist-ently adhere to principle.' THE time-server and faint-hearted will always find times when it would seem to be easier, and even better, to compromise principle and lower the standard. THIS is emphatically true in the advo-cacy of the separation of Church and State. The logic of one's position often leads him beyond what he saw in the beginning, and the tendency is to falter. But to falter is to suffer defeat. THE principles of religious liberty apply not only to the Christian, but to the un-believer as well. If God ordained free-dom to believe, he just as truly ordained freedom not to believe. If he reserved to himself judgment in spiritual things in heathen lands, he did the same in so-called Christian countries; for the words, " The powers that be are ordained of God," were spoken when Rome ruled the world. Whatever legitimate authority any civil government has now, Rome had then. BUT we find the disciples of Christ ig-noring the laws of Rome that were designed to control men in matters of religious faith and practice. They fearlessly preached the gospel even when directly forbidden by the magistrates to do so. They were, therefore, violators of the civil law of a God-ordained government. BUT neither Rome nor any other human civil government was ever ordained of God to control men in religious matters. The key to the whole apparent difficulty is found in the words of our Lord : " Ren-der unto Cb3sar the things which are Csar's; and unto God the things that are God's." This forever separates be-tween civil and spiritual things, and marks clearly the limits of civil authority. Within this sphere civil government is Bum it costs in more ways than one to adhere to principle in the matter of the separation of Church and State. Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists have put themselves on record as desiring to be con-sistent in the matter of paying taxes on their church property. And the Baptists were among the first to protest against the appropriation of public money for the sup-port of sectarian Indian schools. It is true that in one instance in Indian territory Baptists did violate the principle, but they dissolved the iniquitous partnership of their own volition before public attention was called to the fact that it existed, and have since consistently held themselves aloof from such entanglements. Advent-ists have never transgressed in this matter. IN the matter of Sunday laws, Baptists have not been consistent, but Adventists have. The latter have opposed such laws not only for themselves but for all men. They have refused to accept exemption clauses on the ground that they could not consent to the right of the State to require anybody to keep Sunday. Had they com-promised in this matter they might have accomplished much' in the modification of Sunday statutes, but would have done noth-ing for real soul-liberty. They might have kept out of prisons and chain-gangs but they could not have been the means of delivering souls from the bondage of Satan. They might even now go into partnership with civil governments, but in so doing they would deny their principles. And in the words of the historian of the Reformation : " It is impossible for a so-ciety to prosper, if it be unfaithful to the principles it lays down. Having aban-doned what constitutes its life, it can find naught but death." DOUBTLESS, every temptation possible will be thrown in the way of consistent defenders of religious -liberty to get them to prove untrue to their principles. Satan  leaves no stone unturned to accomplish his purposes. He will frighten the timid, cajole whom he can, and retreat only when he must. It is a time for every lover of soul-liberty, every consistent defender of total separation of Church and State, to be alert. Let Seventh-day Adventists especially, who know what it is to suffer for the truth's sake, set their faces like a flint against everything " tending to-ward a union of Church and State either in, name or in fact." It is a time to "be strong and very courageous." Ł "Obey the Law Until Repealed." LAST week, under the above heading, it was shown that the advice given to Seventh-day AdventistsŠthat they ought to obey Sunday laws until they could secure their repealŠby justices of the peace and judges of superior courts, as well as by those who are responsible for Sunday law prosecutions, was advice which, had it been follOwed in the past, would have stifled every great religious reform from the days of Daniel in Baby-lon to Roger Williams in America. It was shown that Daniel, the three Hebrews, the Lord Jesus, the apostles, the early Christians, Wycliffe, Huss, Jerome, Lu-ther, the Protestant princes, Tyndale, Latimer, Ridley, Knox, Bunyan, Wesley, and Roger Williams, all came in conflict with civil law in carrying forward the reforms of their day. It was also shown that they did not submit to the law until they could secure its repeal, but were true to conscience and suffered the conse-quences. It was also shown that the Protestant world to-day applauds the faithfulness of these violators of human law, and attributes to their faithfulness the liberty of conscience so long enjoyed. But it is denied that there is any con-science involved in obeying a law enforc-ing idleness on Sunday, the first day of the week, and to this question we address ourselves in this article. However, this charge is not new. It has been made against every Reformer in every age. The conscientious scruples of the persecuted have always been denounced by the per-secutor as fanatical stubbornness. The Roman rulers denounced the refusal of the early Christians to offer a few grains 