1ebruary 6, 1889. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 19 tribes of Germany. So that in this line also the royal dignity of Queen Victoria springs from the .people. ,Besides this the imperial power of Queen Victoria as she now reigns is circumscribed, limited by the people. It has been related, and we have seen it in print,, although the story may not be true, yet it will serve to illustrate the point, that on one occasion Gladstone, while Prime Minister and head of the House of Commons, took a certain paper to the, queen to be signed. She did not ex-actly approve of it, and said she would not sign it. Gladstone spoke of the merit of the ,act,:but the queen declared she would not sign it. Gladstone replied, "Your majesty Must, sign it." " Must sign it!" exclamed the queen, "Must sign it ! Do you know who I am? I am the queen of England! " Glad-stone calmly replied, " Yes, your majesty, but I am the people of England." And she had to sign" it. The people of England can corn-mand the queen of England. The power of the people of England is above that of the queen of England. She, as queen, is simply the representative of their power. They are not personal sovereigns in them-selveswho arS referred to in the words, " The powers that be are ordained of God." It is the governmental power, of which the sov-ereign is the representative, and that sovereign receives his power from the people. Outside of the theocracy of Israel there never has been a ruler who has justly ruled on earth, whose-dignity was not derived from the peo-ple, either express, or permissive. It is not any particular sovereigns whose 'power is or-dained of God, nor any particular form of governinent. It is the genius of government itself. The absence of government is anarchy. Anarchy is only governmental confusion. But the Scriptures say, "God is not the author of confusion." God is the God of order. He has ordained order, and he has put within man himself that idea of government, of self-protection, which is the first law of nature, which organizes itself into forms of one kind or another, wherever men dwell on the face of the, earth; and it is for men themselves to say what shall be the form of government under which they shall dwell. One people has one form; another has another. This genius of civil order springs from God; its exercise within its legitimate sphere is ordained of God, and Vie Declaration of Independence simply asserted the eternal truth of God when it said, " Governments derive their just Powers from the consent of the governed." Whether it be exercised in one form of gov-eminent or another, it matters not. The gov-ernmental power and order thus ordained is of God. If the people choose to change their form of ' government, it is the same power still, and is to be respected The power is still ordained of God in its legitimate exercise, in things pertaining to men and their relation to their fellowmen; but no power, whether exercised through one' form or another, is "ordained, of God in things pertaining to God, nor basS'it: anything whatever to do with 4aen'a relations toward God. We have before shown that the Constitu-tion of the United States is the only form of government that has ever been on earth that is in harmony with the principle announced by Christ, demanding of men only that which is Cmsar's and refusing to enter in any way into the field of man's relationship to God. This Constitution sprung from the principles of the Declaration of Independence, and on this point simply asserts the truth of God. The American people do not appreciate to the one hundredth part the value of the Con-stitution under which they live. They do not honor in any fair degree the noble men who pledged their lives, their fortunes, ana their sacred honor, that these principles might be our heritage. All honor to those noble men. All integrity to the principles of the Declaration of Independence. All allegiance to the Constitution as it now is, under which we live, which gives to Cesar all his due, and leaves men to render to God all that they, instructed by the word of God, guided by their own conscience, enlightened by the Spirit of God, may see that he requires of them. May the sweet face of Heaven shine in infinite pity upon the poor deluded souls who think they are doing God service in their ef-forts to subvert the Constitution and men's liberties under it, by a religious amendment. And may Heaven's twice blessed mercy be on and about the poor people who have respect for Jesus Christ and their right to worship God, when these people shall have accom- plished their purpose. A. T. J. The Back of that Petition. ON another page we made some comments on the petition for a Sunday law, which is now being circulated in this State, showingup some of its bad features. We now propose literally to examine the other side of the matter. Following is an exact copy of what is on the back of the petition, emphasized words and all :Š California the Only State in the Union Without a Sunday Law [EXCEPT THE STATE OF NEVADA.] We propose to have one; to that end will you kindly see that this is printed in the local papers in your place, and get editorials in favor of it, and distribute the papers with the same largely, and send for Petitions and secure all the signatures possible. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., December 1st, 1888. Dear Friends : The repeal of the Sunday Law has robbed us in this State of our day of rest--the kindest gift of God to the toilers of earthŠthe sweetest day of the week to the worker, and every virtuous home. How long shall we remain in bondage to Sunday desecrations, open saloons, and all the orgies conse-quent upon these wicked practices on God's holy day ? Let us have one quiet rest day in seven, when all men shall close up their secular business, or such as is not necessary to be carried on during that day. That each ma4 have a day with their families and worship God in accordance with the dictates of their own consciences, uninterrupted by noisy street parades emanating from open saloons, or where in-toxicating drinks may be sold and drank on the sacred Sabbath. Ł Unless the Sabbath is observed, we are on the way to Spanish bull-fights after the Lord's Supper, and the riot and doom of Gomorrah in the end. The Sabbath was brd:ained by God at creation,  expressly to minister to man, this noblest being, and his immortal interests. Ł Let us keep the window of the Sabbath open be-tween earth and Heaven, lest earth become the vestibule of hell. The hand' lifted against it is feeling for one of the central pillars that prop the temple of American liberty. Let the Sabbath be, overthrown, and all other moral restraints would soon fall with it, and Paris, Babylon, Sodom, would soon finish the story. Let the American Sabbath, radiant with more than natural sunshine, brighten onward into earth's millennial rest and glory. If we want to diminish crime, pauperage, and taxation, to lighten the people's burdens and to in-crease their power to bear them, then stand fast by the American Sabbath. It is the common law of our land; let it be of our hearts also. That which demoralizes and debauches the peo-ple ruins the nation. The Christian Sabbath has done more for Amer-ica than all her fertile soil, her fine climate, her riv-ers, lakes, forests, gold-mines, or coal. It has civilized and ennobled her men, purified and exalted her women, and taught her children to revere the name of their country next to that of their God. We appeal to you in behalf of " God and Home and Native Land," to petition the Sen-ate and Assembly of the State of California to grant to the people of this golden land a Sunday Law, that shall give to rich and poor alike a day of rest. A day in which we can serve God according to the dictates of conscience. Respectfully yours, MRS. M. E. CONGDON, Supt. Dept. Legislation and Petitions, California Woman's Christian Temperance Union. It will be seen from the very first para-graph that the framers of the petition mean business. " We propose to have one," say they, in reference to the Sunday law. Well, if printing their document in the local papers will be any help to them, they are welcome to our services. Pay special attention to the first paragraph of the address. It says: "The repeal of the Sunday law has robbed us in this State of our day of rest." We wonder if that is the reason why some of the good women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union are occasionally -found engaged in secular labor at their places of business on Sunday. If what they say means anything, it means that they cannot rest since the Sunday law was repealed. 'We are not chiding them for their neglect to rest on Sunday. They have a per-fect right to work, for in this State there is no law, either human or divine, which forbids them. But what folly to say that the repeal or the Sunday law has robbed -them of any rest. It is the veriest cant, designed to arouse the sympathy of the legislators for the poor women of the -Woman's Christian Temperance Union, who find it 'impossible to take their much-coveted rest on Sunday, because there is no law to compel them to! This resting on Sunday must be a terrible thing, since it requires a law to drive them to it. But it isn't for their sakes after all that they want the Sunday law. They can keep Sunday just as well as they ever could, if they want to. It doesn't make any difference how much somebody else may work !2.1. play; that doesn't hinder them from resting. We know hundreds of people who find no trouble what-ever in resting on the seventh day of the week, yet there never was a State law enfore7 