158 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. lose time through the week to see the Fair, w,hich should be accessible to all. Another member of the Board of Com- missioners, Mary W. Krout, coincided with Mrs. Sewell, and advocated the open- ing of the art and similar departments, so that the working classes might enjoy them without losing a day's wages, which they could ill afford. She said that the majority of petitions against opening the Fair came from the small towns and coun-try districts who know nothing about the heartless methods of conducting business which prevails in large cities. Here are the opinions from two other women, who are not members of any Board of Commissioners, but whose opin-ions, nevertheless, are good and have due weight and influence. Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, of New York : " It is said that those who watch the exhibits and serve the public through the week should have one day of rest. As the labors will be transient, only lasting a few months, and as their surroundings will be varied, beautiful and entertaining, the tax on their time and patience would be light compared with the dreary monotony of ordinary laborers' lives, who spend year after year in dingy workshops and dreary offices, or with multitudes of young men sitting with bent shoulders writing by art-ificial lights,Ša class more to be pitied than those who dig in mines, scarcely ever seeing the light of day. Those who can dispose of their time as they see fit can hardly appreciate what a Sunday at the World's Fair would be for a large class of their fellow-men. Gifted orators might speak to the multitudes on popular reform or religious questions, for their are no meetings more impressive than those held in the open air." Another is Mrs. Clara Bewick Colby, of the Woman's Tribune, who says editori-ally :Š To the Tribune the arguments for opening the Fair appear Łto have the weight of reason, justice, and brotherly kindness on their side. So far as its seeming irreligious or unchristian to open the doors on Sunday, it appears to the Tribune to be carrying out in the highest degree the spirit of him who said, "The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." The opportunities for hold-ing the great religious and reform meetings on the grounds will be enlarged on, as it will afford the occasion of the century for bringing spiritual in-struction to the masses who never go to church, and for whom no church privileges are provided, or are at present possible. With the best sermons, lectures, and sacred concerts, what might not the blessed day do for the elevation and education of the masses Jackson Park, one of the two great breathing places of Chicago, the only possible chance for the poor to get fresh air and outdoor life, and of which they have always availed them-selves in summer, has been appropriated for the World's Fair grounds, and if these are closed to them on Sunday it will be positive robbery to the helpless, and great mortality, especially of children, will result. Every consideration of humanity and good order, seems to demand that there shall be even extra inducements to draw people out of the crowded, heated city, and that the grounds should either be open entirely free or at a much reduced price. Nebraska can well feel proud of her broad and generous Mrs. Colby, who has surpassed all others in outspoken liberality and justice towards the great mass of la-boring people in and about Chicago, inas-much as she would not only open the grounds on Sunday, but would have ad-mission either free or at a reduced price for their benefit. She well deserves the title, "Charity's Queen," which was be-stowed upon her by White Cloud, the chief of the Chippewa Indians.ŠKearney (Neb.) Gazette. The American Sabbath. A CORRESPONDENT of the Sabbath Re- corder, writing from Oroville, Cal., says that there are some very strange ideas advanced concerning Sunday and the World's Fair, and gives for an example this from John V. Farwell, of Chicago:Š As the Fair is national, to which our Government has invited all nations as participants, I think it eminently appropriate that we exhibit an American Sabbath along with our multiform products of labor. The Recorder's correspondent then com-ments as follows :-- Now if, as Mr. Farwell says, this is an American institution, it must have been made by Americans. I understand that anything made by Americans as the result of their labor, should by all means have the right of exhibition in this great Fair. He rightly claims that it is purely American; surely the French do not claim it; they never had any hand in its manufacture, and no other nation sets up any claim to having made it. Neither does God set up any claim to it. Then, surely, the thing must be of American manufacture. Then, let the Americans put it on exhibition, place it among the plants as an American mushroom. Why not? I think it would look well there. The idea of an American Sabbath being put on exhibi-tion with "our products of labor " ! Surely, if it is one of our products of labor, and is to be exhibited with our other products of labor, then there is no harm in placing it there as a mushroom. There is not, nor can there be, anything sacred or holy about an American made Sabbath. No, let it go on exhibition, and let the Commissioners, by all means, open the gates on Sunday, for an institution thus made would show to better advantage on Sunday than any other day. It looks t6 me that this Sunday-closing business is going ta seed; it puts one in mind of the boy-cotting times we had here in California a few years ago, when the Chinese question was to be crammed down our throats at all hazards. I do not know as it would be any great damage if those Christians, or those who are professing to be Christians, should stay away from the Fair as they threaten to do. The thing would probably be a success without them. Droll Law Makers. THE New York Legislature is a droll body of lawmakers. It has passed a bill appropriating $300,000 for a World's Fair exhibit, but commanding that the exhibit be closed on Sunday. Immediately after this display of Puritanism the same Legis-lature appropriated $50,000 annually to-ward the maintenance of the Natural His-tory Museum in New York City upon the express stipulation that it should be kept open on Sunday. Explanations are in order.Š,Ottumwa World. Apropos of the foregoing is the fact that the same Legislature which was zeal-ous for Sunday sacredness in Chicago, le-galized fishing in Jamaica Bay, L. I. It is still very naughty to fish anywhere in New York State except in Jamaica Bay. Such facts illustrate the utter absurdity of legislating upon such subjects. Congress Not Likely to Act. A RECENT despatch from Washington concerning the contest over the question of the opening of the World's Fair, says : So earnest has become this warfare that an effort has been made to swell the petitions by fraudulent names. A petition came from Michigan claiming to represent the religious bodies of that State in opposition to Sunday opening, which, on investi-gation, was found to have more alleged signatures than there were residents in the State. Lately, apparently under Colonel Shepard's directions, pe-titions against Sunday closing have embodied threats to defeat any member of Congress who favored opening the Fair on Sunday. In present-ing such a petition yesterday, Mr. Platt, of Con-necticut, said that if anything would induce him  to vote for Sunday opening it would be these threats to defeat him in case he did so. Mr. Mor-rill, of Vermont, who is 81 years old, stated in the Senate the other day that these petitions did not frighten him, and that he was in favor of Sunday opening as a matter of justice to workingmen. The opinion is also expressed that owing to the bitterness already engendered Con-gress will take no action whatever on Sunday closing. Senate officials estimate that the petitions and memorials so far presented on this subject represent about two million signatures. But as has been shown in the case of the petitions from Michigan and Ohio, many of these so-called signatures are beyond a doubt fraud-ulent. In the case of the two States named the census returns exposed the pious fraud. But whether exposed or not every petition is fraudulent which assumes to represent whole organizations when only a fraction of the membership have signed the petition or voted in its favor. Are There Worse Evils? ACCORDING to the St. Paul Dispatch, of April 25, the ministers of that city have inaugurated a crusade against " the cor-ruption prevalent in official circles." The meeting was a private one, and " a consid-erable portion of the morning's meeting was devoted to injunctions to secrecy and admonitions to ' keep this out of the pa-pers," but " no adequate precautions had been taken, to keep the papers, or their representatives, out of the meeting." A Dispatch reporter was present. He was, he says, "thoughtfully provided with a chair, and it was not until the meeting began to thoroughly warm up that he dis-covered that he was not really supposed to be there. He felt a trifle uncomfortable when he first made this discovery, but he stayed on because he was so deeply inter-ested in the meeting, and because he was really gratified to know that it couldn't be told by his looks that he was the only layman present." The reporter was hon-orable, however, and did not reveal the secrets, so we are left to surmise what they were. The fact that such meetings are held, is, however, significant in itself. Another significant thing is that the min-isters determined not to make the saloon issue prominent, believing that there were worse evils, They are probably gunning for open fairs and Sunday papers. The saloon always sinks into insignificance be-side "Sunday desecration." Inconsistency. INCONSISTENCY can scarcely go farther than it does when those who advocate the Sunday-closing of the Chicago Exposition, say, in one breath, that Christians in gen-eral are increasingly lax and inconsistent in their personal habits concerning Sun-day-observance, and in the next, that the opening of the Exhibition on Sunday " will outrage the religious sentiment of millions of people." If Christians will read Sunday newspapers, ride on Sunday trains, and steamboats, patronize Sunday camp-meetings, and share the profits with the railroads which make special provis-ion for Sunday worshipers (?) ; if Chris-tian men will do all this, how is it that the opening of the Exhibition, five hun-dred or two thousand miles from their homes, is such a sad shock to their piety ? ŠSabbath Outlook. 