MAY 11, 1893, X.E.Ma C: A.N IL,  7N ITINEL0 14 century, and the believers in the Congress of Religions, in the nineteenth. Beside this unity of truth, however, there is but one kind of unity possible. It is the papal unityŠthe unity of an enforced creed. The history of the world proves that just as the majority professing a creed becomes large, and the minority rejecting it, small, just in that proportion is the temptation to enforce it by law irresistible. Especially is this true, if the creed itself, as always happens in such cases, is a miserable compromise with error, that can not meet victoriously, on a fair field, the truth taught by the few. In other words, just as every step towards diversity of positive beliefs has been a step towards liberty, so every step toward such a unity always has been, and always will be a step toward despotism, and this notwithstanding all the fine talks about liberality and liberty. Such is the unavoidable tendency of modern liberal theological thought. The final outcome of it all will be, as before, a creed so liberal as to call itself Catholic or universal, and still so bigoted as to persecute, with merciless severity, all dissenters. In such strange antitheses does the world move. The serio-comic picture which the Emperor Hadrian gave of the immediate result in Alexandria, may well make us pause and think here, for the same, or a like result, would surely fol-low. Says he : " Those who worship Serapis are Christians, and those who call themselves bishops of Christ are wor-shipers of Serapis. There is no ruler of a synagogue, no Samaritan, no presbyter of the Christians, who is not an astrologer and a soothsayer. The patriarch of the Jews himself, when he comes to Egypt, is forced by one party to worship Serapis, by the other, Christ. They have but one god, who is none. Him Christians, Jews, and all races worship alike." G. E. FIFIELD. Sunday Measures in California. THAT California has had no Sunday law has long been the wailing cry of the National Reformers and kindred spirits, in this Sunday law agitation. And while it can not yet be said that that State has an out and out Sunday law now, yet it is so very near akin to it that it is equiva-lent to the same thing. During the last session of their legislature the following act was passed :Š An act to provide for a day of rest from labor. Approved Feb, 27, 1893. The people of the State of California, represented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as follows: SECTION 1. Every person employed in any occu-pation of labor shall be entitled to one day's rest therefrom in seven; and it shall be unlawful for any employer of labor to cause his employes, or any of them, to work more than six days in seven ; provided, however, that the provisions of this sec-tion shall not apply to any case of emergency. SEC. 2. For the purposes of this act, the term day's rest shall mean and apply to all cases, whether the employe is engaged by the day, week, month, or year, and whether the work performed is done in the day or night time. SEC. 3. Any person violating the provisions of this act shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor. SEC. 4. This act shall take effect and be in force thirty days from and after its passage. When the foregoing act was intro-duced a number of the papers said it would not amount to anything; others that were a little more sagacious said that it was only the first step in the direction of a stringent Sunday law. But since the  foregoing was passed and approved, sev-eral succeeding steps have been taken. The following amendment to the " Civil Code" of California was passed and ap-proved March 23:Š An Act to amend section seven of the Civil Code of the State of California, relating to legal holidays and non-judicial days. The People of the State of California, represented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as follows: SECTION 1. Section seven of the Civil Code is hereby amended so as to read as follows: 7. Holidays, within the meaning of this code, are every Sunday, the first day of January, the twenty-second day of February, the thirtieth day of May, the fourth day of July, the ninth day of September, the first Monday of October, the twenty-fifth day of December, every day on which an election is held throughout the State, and every day appointed by the President of the United States or by the governor of the State for a public fast, thanksgiving or holiday. If the first day of January, the twenty-second day of February, the thirtieth day of May, the fourth day of July, the ninth day of September, or the twenty-fifth day of December shall fall upon a Sunday, the Monday following is a holiday. The same amendment was made to the " Political Code," and also approved March 23. Not being satisfied with their efforts in the direction of Sunday laws, and evidently desiring to make a clean sweep while they were at it, they amended the " Code of Civil Procedure " by adding the paragraph last above quoted, and in addition they added another section to read as follows :Š SEC. 2. Section one hundred and thirty-four of the Code of Civil Procedure is hereby amended so as to read as follows: 134. No court shall be open, nor shall any judi-cial business be transacted, on Sunday, on the first day of January, on the twenty-second day of February, on the thirtieth day of May, on the fourth day of July, on the ninth day of September, on the first Monday of October, on the twenty-fifth day of December, on a day upon which an election is held throughout the State, or on a day ap-pointed by the President of the United States, or by the governor of this State, for a public fast, thanksgiving, or holiday, except for the following purposes: 1. To give, upon their request, instructions to a jury when deliberating on their verdict. 2 To receive a verdict or discharge a jury. 3. For the exercise of the powers of a magistrate in a criminal action, or in a proceeding of a crimi-nal nature; provided, that the Supreme Court and the superior courts shall always be open for the transaction of business; and provided further, that injunctions and writs of prohibition may be issued and served on any day. The first measure seemed like quite a tame affair; one day's rest in seven was all that was asked for; but having secured this, they immediately set about the work of deciding which day that one day in seven should be, by placing Sunday among the holidays of the State. A great deal of work has been done in California in favor of religious freedom; and it was hoped that these Sunday laws, which are a relic of the Church and State regime of the Middle Ages, were entirely swept from their statutes. Many had the hope that California would keep itself clear in this matter; but the people of the United States should be awake to the fact that we are on the verge of a revolution backward into the ecclesiastical despotism of four or five centuries ago, when a man was allowed to think, and believe, and act only at the dictates of the representative of a hierarchy. And while some are making great boasts of our rapid advance-ment, and that the world is getting much better, the careful student of our times, who is acquainted with the history of the past, must see that these efforts to meddle with the rights of conscience, forecast no good. When the Sunday laws that we already have are being used by bigots  and fanatics to oppress and persecute those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week rather than Sun-day, it is time for every citizen to raise a protest against enacting any more such intolerant laws. A. 0. TAIT. The Sure Result. ALL morals and the moral law belong to God. The ten commandments, or the moral law, seek to direct not only the actions but the thoughts of men. The moral law reveals the character of God. God only knows the heart. He alone can rule Morally. Civility and the civil law belong to man. Civil rulers should seek only to direct the actions of men in a civil man-ner. Civil rulers can not know the heart of man, and therefore can not rule mor-ally, and should never seek to control conduct toward God. Hence, God says to man, " Render therefore unto Ctesar the things which are Ccesar's and unto God the things that are God's." Both thoughts and actions stand before the Most High for judgment. But only the overt act of incivility can the civil rulers hope to con-trol. A man can not surrender his per-sonal rights to civil law or society. They are the basis of all civil law and inalien-able. Civil law begins only when per-sonal rights are assailed. Whenever civil rulers break over the civil boundary line, civility becomes uncivil. When civil rulers legislate upon man's duty to God, civil law becomes uncivil, and they that obey such laws and persecute under them are no longer civilians but villains in society; civil rule is broken; terror and anarchy prevail; life and property are unsafe; liberty and happiness are gone. This has alway been ant always will be the sure result. Nebuchadnezzar, King of Babylon, in his pride assumed to put himself in the place of God and command his subjects to worship an image contrary to the moral law and personal rights, and beyond his right of authority as a civil ruler. He had a perfect right to rule his people in a civil manner but when he assumed to dictate in matters of worship then his right to rule was taken away, and he driven to the beasts of the field, there to learn that God rules in morals. Again, Ahasuerus, King of Media and Persia, in his delight to honor his favorites and hearken unto their petitions, transcended his civil powers and bade his people bow, and reverence Haman, the wicked prince. The sure result followed this,Šthousands of lives, liberty and happiness, were lost before the civil power was restored. Again, Darius became the ruler, and, partaking of the vacillating traits of Ahasuerus, his father, not being in-structed by his faults as a civil ruler, made the same fatal blunder of dictating in matters of _worship, together with the governor, princes, counselors, captains and the chief men of his kingdom, and the lions' den proved them guilty. Thus the sure result followed quickly upon civil rulers forming a confederacy upon a religious question,Ša union of Church and State. Again, " The sublimest in-carnation of power and a monument the mightiest of greatness built by human. hands which has, upon this planet, been suffered to appear " was the Roman Em-pire. Proud of her conquests and exceed-ing jealous of her claims she sat mistress 