AMERICAN SENTINEL. 323 broad principle itselfŠon the broad ground of general advisability." Among the reasons given by Mr. Phelps in favor of an alliance are the following:Š "It seems to me there are several reasons, the first and most important being one which I fancy may not meet altogether with the approval of the massesŠthe benefit England would be to us under such circumstances. She is a far older nation, and therefore more experienced, possessing the calm wisdom that comes with age and the power to judge dispassionately. We should be to her like the young partner to the old one, and as in the case of such a partnership the younger always gains through the ripe knowledge of his elder. The calm, firm, wise pol-icy of England results in the settlement of difficulty, where often the ephemeral passages of our diplomacy accom-plish little OP nothing. "Another reason which might weigh in favor of an alliance is the presence of our great neighbor to thenorth, that stretches from sea to seaŠCanada. But for the presence of Canada nothing would confront us at home which would make it possible that we might have serious difficulty with England, but no man can foresee what will happen. There are difficulties between nations under such circumstances just as there are between landowners or in business life. Therefore I say that just so long as Canada exists, so long is there a possibility of difficulty which an alliance would be very apt to remove. "Again, there is the moral strength that we should enjoy through an alliance with England. I mean the moral strength resulting from the effect of such an alli-ance upon other nations. It is not to be supposed for a moment that any power would attack the United States and England if those two nations presented a solid front. For that reason an alliance might be advantageous. "Still another fact we must consider when surveying the field of reason opened by the question of an Anglo-American alliance is the effect upon commerce. We are not a nation of seamen; England is. Our marine is not developed; hers has gained with every year. It is as a sea power that she holds her high position. Were it otherwise she would never be able to maintain her dignity and power in all parts of the world. On the sea an alli-ance would be of unquestioned advantage to us." Three days later, April 20, Hon. John Hay, present United States ambassador to Great Britain, in a speech at the Easter Banquet at the Mansion House, London, said:Š "The good understanding between us is based on something deeper than mere expediency. All who think cannot but see there is a sanction like that of religion which binds us in partnership in the serious work of the world. "Whether we will or not, we are associated in that work by the very nature of things, and no man and no group of men can prevent it. We are bound Łby ties we did not forge and that we cannot break. We are joint ministers in the same sacred mission of freedom and progress, charged with duties we cannot evade by the im-position of irresistible hands." About the same time Lord Charles Beresford, Vice-Admiral, and Member of the British Parliament, said:Š "Such an alliance is natural, and I believe the mere  fact of its conclusion would deter others from attacking any adequately-defended interests of either country. Now is the time to accomplish it, when advantages are apparent to both countries. . . . And Anglo-Ameri-can alliance would be the most powerful factor in the world for peace and the development of commerce." This suggestion by such representative men has been widely discussed in the press, both secular and religious, of both countries, and even in the pulpit in the United States, with the vast majority of voices in its favor. For instance, at the conference of Methodist bishops lately held at Albion, Mich., Bishop Hartzell, in speaking to the students of Albion College, said:Š "The time will comeŠand may it comeŠwhen the Stars and Stripes and the Union Jack will fly`ufrom the same staff and American and Englishmen will fight shoulder to shoulder for liberty and against the cause of oppression and barbarism. England is our natural ally, and the time is past when America can live its own life in and of itself. We are competent to take a part in the affairs of the great world of nations, and we are proving our right to such a course." And now that such a high representative of Great Britain, as is Mr. Chamberlain, has so plainly announced to all the world that such an alliance would be "cheaply purchased" even by war, it may be counted as a foregone conclusion that such an alliance will be accomplished. This is an exceedingly important matter, and we shall ' have more to say upon it. A. T. J. Of What Spirit is This? THE London Truth, of Canada, in a recent issue thus speaks of an actual occurrence that took place in that "At a meeting of the Local Women's Temperance Union at Ottawa the other day a lady gave a shocking example of the indifference to Sabbath observance which is creeping over the modern world. She stated that she had, to her shame and sorrow, seen two men looking in at the window of a well-known tailor's shop on the Sab-bath day, evidently engaged in selecting the materials for their new spring suits. She added that she had con-sulted a solicitor as to whether there is no law which could be invoked for the purpose of putting a stop to such profane conduct, and that she had been informed in reply that, though there is at present no law under which tradesmen can be compelled to pull their blinds down on Sundays, it was quite within the power of the legislature - to pass such a law. She asked the meeting to join in a petition to the legislature in favor of such an enact-ment, and the matter was referred to the Lord's day committee." This incident very well illustrates the spirit that act-uates a large share of the zealous advocates of enforced Sunday observance. If they had the power and public sympathy, what wouldn't they do? W. E. C. 