208 A.TVIME-LIC..&N SIMINTrEINIEICA VoL. 11, No. 26. NEW YORK, JULY 2, 1896. re' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL, without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A CORRESPONDENT of the Pittsburg Amer-ican complains that Roman Catholic influence is so strong in the management of some of the soldiers' homes of the country that meat is tabooed on Friday. WE desire to call special attention to the advertisement of " The Only Alternative of Success," on the preceding page. The author has stated some vital truths in a striking way. His pamphlet ought to accomplish great good. . A SAI3BATARIAN in Germany writes to one of his brethren in London, saying: " In some parts of Germany the police already visit the houses to see whether the Sunday laws are strictly carried out, and these laws are becom-ing more and more severe." "PATERNALISM" in religion is antichris- tian. " Call no man your father," said Christ, " for one is your Father, which is in heaven." Matt. 23:9. The child must be obedient to the father's word; and in spirit-ual things only the word of the Omniscient is invested with paternal authority. JULY 13, four Seventh-day Adventists will be placed on trial at Tiptonville, Lake County, Tenn., for refusal to keep Sunday. One member of the same church has been in prison at Tiptonville since March 13, and will not be released until about the middle of Sep-tember. The SENTINEL will be represented at these trials, and we expect to publish illustrated reports of the proceedings. " AN affecting incident," says the Chris-tian Leader, " connected with the massacre at Oorfa, was that of a mother, in whose presence her two sons were caught by the mob, while men with drawn swords, ready to cut them down, demanded of the young men that they should accept the Moslem faith. But the mother called out to them: 'Die, but don't deny the Lord.' They stood firm, and were immediately cut down." As reported in the New York Journal, of the 11th ult., Monsignor Antonio D. D. Conte Renior, an aged priest of the church of Rome, now ministering in this city, but for a number of years attached to the Vati-can in Rome, has written a book entitled, " The Open Vatican." This fact was made public by the theft of the manuscript and the arrest of the thief. The priest intimates  that it was stolen for the purpose of suppress-ing it. " ' The Open Vatican' is the revelation of the politics and diplomacy of the Vatican from 1846 to 1881. It gives new light upon European diplomacy showing how the Vati-can's politics are pernicious to the develop-ment of civilization." This is the priest's own description of his book, which is of course not yet published; but it is to be hoped that he will be successful in recovering his manuscript and giving the book to the world. " THE National W. C. T. U. association is pushing its efforts," says the Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, " to sustain Sunday laws, with great vigor. It is making special efforts to secure the enactment of a Sunday law in the District of Columbia, in order to commit Congress to the principle of National Sunday legislation. While professing a certain pat-ronizing toleration toward Sabbath-keepers, the W. C. T. U. is far from advocating gen-uine religious liberty.' " A PRESS despatch from New Orleans, La., dated June 27, states that " after ten years' trial of the Sunday law, the Louisiana legis-lature has finally decided to abandon it, so far as New Orleans is concerned." Evidence upon the question of the repeal of the " law" was brought before the Judiciary Committee of the State Senate, and after a hearing of several days, every member of the committee was opposed to its further enforcement. With regard to the working of the " law," it was testified by four of the five members of the Police Board, that it tended greatly to demoralize the police force and to encourage blackmail. It was also testified that the at-tempt to enforce the Sunday " law" drew upon the strength of the police department so that not enough men were left to properly police the city; also that, the arrests for drunkenness had not decreased but had in-creased since the " law " was passed. June 265  the chaplain of the legislature created very much of a surprise in the Senate. When called up to begin the legislative serv-ices with prayer, he opened with a strong denunciation of the Sunday repeal bill. THE New York Observer, in its issue of June 11, remarks that " the American people have come to a point when they must choose between Sunday and sabbath." The Observer hastens to explain that it does not mean by this a choice between the first and seventh days of the week, but only between the " Christian sabbath" and the " pagan Sun-day." Bat there is no evading the fact that the choice must be made between the days as well. It must ever remain as true as any other declaration of Holy Writ that "the seventh day is the Sabbath ;" not a seventh day chosen by men, but the seventh day accord-ing to God's arrangement, ordained by his  word and assigned by his providence an undisputed and indisputable place in the cal-endar of all nations. Sunday can never rise above its sanctions. Its weakness lies in the fact that its observ-ance rests upon no divine authority. He who seeks to put it in the place of the Sab-bath must first weaken the fourth command-ment in the mind of the one upon whom he would impose first-day sacredness; but when that is done, when the divine law has been " abrogated " or made to appear indefinite, what is to bind the conscience? The Observer quotes the words: " One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be persuaded in his own mind." If, as the Observer seems to infer, this text applies to the matter of Sabbath-keeping, by what, au-thority does it or anybody insist upon Sunday-keeping? There can be none. The fact is, that in their mad zeal to strike down the sev-enth day, the advocates of Sunday sacredness deny the very authority to which they appeal, and thus practically destroy the only sanc-tions that can bind the conscience. " It is time for thee, Lord, to work : for they have made void thy law." "If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?" Ł THE church organizations in Jersey City having invoked the Sunday " law " against the saloons, the latter are attempting to re-taliate upon the churches by using the same weapon against paid Sunday organists and church choirs. It is sad that organizations professing to be doing only gospel work should make use of weapons which can only drive further away from Christ the men whom they should be seeking to bring to him. The Church of Christ can have no excuse for not attempting to lead to Christ all souls which it can reach, whether they be saloon-keepers or others. There can be no true Christian endeavor which is not of this kind. THE Christian Statesman says that the action of the British Parliament in opening museums and galleries on Sunday has stirred the people of both England and Scotland to renewed activity in behalf of the day. "Scottish papers," says the Statesman, "have published the list of members from Scotland who voted for the resolution; and the senti-ment of the friends of the Sabbath is finding emphatic utterance against them." Public Opinion is the busy man's friend. Its aim is to reflect public opinion. The ut-most care is taken to treat each question upon which extracts are given in a perfectly clear, non-partisan, and unbiased manner. It is carefully edited and contains the cream of the entire press of the country. It is worth a score of other papers. Subscription price, $2 50 per year; five cents per single copy. Address Public Opinion Co., New York. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK, 