206 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, cause the well-known scenes of dissipation on Sun-day in a great city with an unusual crowd of strangers in it are what Chicago may be expected to show to this country every Sunday during the Exposition, if the Exposition is closed to visitors on that day. The experience of last Sunday proves what we have repeatedly asserted, that to close the Expo-sition on Sunday would be to drive the visitors to pleasure resorts, to the saloons and to worse places. There is undoubtedly much truth in the World's words. From a civil stand- point the very best thing would be to keep the Fair open on Sunday in the interests of civil order. The religious part of the question would be settled by each individ-ual remaining away from the Fair at such times as conscience might dictate. Of course an open Fair can not be reconciled with proper Sabbath observance, but Sab- bath observance is an individual matter. The State has nothing to do with it any more than it has with regular attendance upon religious services. Those who can not conscientiously attend the Fair on Sunday will of course not do so, likewise those who cannot go on the seventh day. But if the managers want to keep the Fair open and can find men willing to do the necessary Sunday work it is their con-cern. A Close Likeness. IN 1658 the preamble to a law promul-gated by the General Court of Massachu-sets referred to the Quakers as " a per-nicious sect " "whose actions tend to under-mine civil government," and sets forth that notwithstanding repeated efforts on the part of the authorities " they have not been deterred from their impious attempts to undermine our peace and hazard our ruin." In like manner, the indictments against Adventists in Tennessee charge that their Sunday work on their farms " is to the great annoyance and disturbance of the people, to the evil example of society)  prejudicial to public morals and a public nuisance to the citizens of the county and against the peace and dignity of the State." The nature of the annoyance was the same in both instances, namely, as a witness in the King case in 1890, testi-fied, " It was very annoying to my feel-ings." " On what grounds ?" was asked. " On the ground that it was a violation of laws, both sacred and civil." " Then it was an excitement of your religious feel-ings, and repulsive to your views of Christianity ? " inquired the attorney. " Yes, sir," answered the witness. The likeness between the persecution of Qua-kers in Massachusetts in 1658 and that of Adventists in Tennessee in 1890 and 1892 is very close. Two hundred and thirty-four years has made but little change in human nature. This is evinced by the fact as stated by Judge Hammond, that " by a sort of factitious advantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advan-tage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for religious freedom." Ł Ł  THE Founder of Christianity taught that the Sabbath was made for man, but a careful study of the Christian States-man and the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union papers has convinced us that the preachers of the country have got it into their heads that Sunday was made for the clergy.ŠChristian Gazet-teer. NATIONAL. RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE National Convention of Loyal Orangemen, in session, at Pittsburg, Penn, has adopted a resolu-tion in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday; but the report does not state that the Orangemen have asked Congress to legislate in'the matter. THE Post-Intelligencer, of Paris, Tenn., in its enumeration of cases heard before the Circuit Court of Henry County, in the middle of a column of names of offenders on trial for "gaming," "car-rying pistol," " disturbing public worship," " ab-ducting female," "keeping saloon open Sunday," publishes the names, "W. S. Lowry, J. Moon, John Dortch, James Stem, working on SundayŠguilty. " THE platform of the People's Party, of Polk County, Minnesota, adopted by the Convention held at Crookston, May 24, 1892, contains this paragraph: "That we favor the opening of the World's Co-lumbian Exposition every day of the week." The Convention, which adopted the platform, consisted of one hundred delegates representing forty-five hundred voters. THE Sioux Falls Daily Press expresses this edito-rial opinion as to the effort to secure legislation by Congress to close the World's Fair on Sunday: "It appears to the Press that, -as affairs are now situ-ated, all the talk of governmental interference is useless. The laws of the State of Illinois are yet paramount in the premises, and unless this right is yielded to the Government, the opening or closing of the Fair will depend on enforcement or non-en-forcement of the State law." IT seems in Germany the penny-in-the-slot ma-chine is prohibited from working on Sunday. A late news item from Berlin says: "The ministers of Commerce, Education, and the Interior have issued a circular to the Prussian prefects, instruct-ing them in regard to the opeiation of the new law regulating Sunday labor, the rules of exemp-tion, etc. One curious paragraph orders the sus-pension of the sale of sweets, matches, etc., by automatic machines during the prohibited hours." THE Tribune, in reference to the action of the House of Representatives, on May 26, as to the Sunday closing of the Government exhibit at the World's Fair expresses itself thus: "The House has done an inexcusable thing by ordering that the Government exhibit be closed Sunday, meaning thereby that the Government building shall be shut up. When the Sundry Civil bill which contains that foolish direction is considered in the Senate, it should be stricken out, as not representing the wishes of the vast majority of the people of the United States, and as lessening the value of their Exposition. That matter, too, should be left to the judgment of the directors." IN a recent speech in Congress on closing the World's Fair on Sunday, Mr. Morse is reported to have said :Š Some time since the president of one of our Young Men's Christian Associations addressed an inquiry to the superintendents of a large number of railroads as to the experience of their roads with Sunday trains, asking if they paid, and what was the effect upon the employes. The almost univer-sal answer was that they did not pay, and the effect upon the employes was demoralizing. It has always been understood that railroad cor-porations were organized for the purpose of making money. If there has yet been a single instance in which one of these corporations has continued in any given line after it had proved to be unprofitable,  there is no record of it at hand. If Mr. Morse is sure that Sunday trains do not pay, all he will have to do will be to convince the managers that such is the case, and they will be abandoned at once. He would then be saved the trouble of making long speeches on the question before Congress. * AT the convention of the National Turner-bund just held in Washington, D. C., the following was adopted:Š WHEREAS, a continued pressure is sought to be exercised for the closing of the Chicago World's Fair on Sundays and holidays: therefore, Be it resolved by the biennial convention of the North American Turner-bund, in session at Wash-ington, D. C. June, 1892, that the turners, and all liberal-minded citizens of this country for whom they may speak, do most earnestly protest against such Sunday exclusion, and do petition the proper officers of the World's Fair not to yield to this de-mand of the " Sunday Saints." A committee of three was appointed to present this, with other resolutions, to Congress. THE Boston Congregationalist says:Š In considering the problem that faces the Direc-tors of the Exposition, it must not be assumed by the churches that the Directors will have nothing but pressure for closing brought to bear upon them. Unitarian conferences throughout the West are petitioning for Sunday opening. The Free Religion Association, at its annual meeting in Boston last week, made similar declarations. But more influ-ential than these will be the letters from the Trade's Unions of the country demanding Sunday opening, Samuel Gompers, President of the Federation of Labor, having just sent a circular letter to all trade's unions in the United States, urging them to use their influence in that way. Still more in-fluential will the secular press be, for with but few exceptions it favors the opening. It is noticeable that in this entire paragraph, the Congregationalist gives no hint that it realizes that there is any principle at stake, or what that princi-ple is; neither does it attribute to any organization mentioned the motive of defence of any principle. MONTCLAIR, N. J., is a good example of the character of the feeling which inspires the advo-cates of Sunday laws and ,their strict enforcement. An enterprise to connect East Orange and Montclair by a street railroad is actively opposed by many residents of Montclair, who are wealthy, able to ride in their own carriages, and have no need of street cars. A published report of the matter says: " There are no Sunday trains to or from Montclair, and the place is isolated from the world on that day of the week. The more wealthy residents say they don't want the town to swarm on the Ameri-can Sabbath with picnics and sick babies from Orange, while the street railway advocates say they ought to have means of riding for five cents, since they are not rich enough to own carriages." These citizens of Montclair are determined that the fresh air of the " American Sabbath " shall not be desecrated by sick babies in their town. This is the Christian (?).spirit which inspires Sunday-law advocates the world over. A DESPATCH from Hingham, Mass., of June 14, says: " Maurice McGrath, Martin McCormick, Amos Stevens, Louis Eldridge, I. A. Reed, John MOCor-mick, and Henry W. Littleton were before Judge Kelly, in the Second District Court this morning, charged with performing unnecessary labor on the Lord's day. All pleaded guilty to the charge, except Mr. McGrath, and were fined five dollars each. Mr. McGrath conducted his case and was discharged. "These are the first of the batch of Sunday breakers to be brought before the court, but it is claimed that before the summer is over there will be several, if not hundreds of Sabbath-breakers brought before the court, for it is said that all found working on the Lord's day, such as steamboat men, railroad men, carriage and barge drivers, ice men, watering-cart drivers, horse-car drivers, bartenders, cooks, 