RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. 166 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and onr fellow-citizens may enjoy the in- estimable blessings of both religions and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW Yoga CITY ; 225 A. ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLINGS BLA.CIS -CHICAGO. C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. MCKEE,   President. Secretary.     Good Work in California. IN the ChroniclerUnion of Bridgeport, California, April 26, we find an excellent report of a large and enthusiastic meeting, held by the citizens of that place " for the purpose of entering their protest against Congress interfering in the religious con-cerns of the American people." The meeting was addressed by the Chairman, Mr. W. 0. Parker; District Attorney, C. L. Hayes; and Mr. J. H. Cook, Vice-President of the National Religious Liberty Associ-ation. With reference to the Blair Relig-ious Amendment Mr. Hayes very aptly re- marked : " ' The Constitution as it is' is my motto. It was amended twenty-five years ago to free the slave; and I am not in favor of now tacking on another amendment to enslave the people." Ł Judge Eddy suggested that all presentŁ who had not signed the remonstrance to Congress, be invited to do so before leav- ing the house. A series of strong resolutions was adopted denouncing the Blair Amendment and the Sunday bills before Congress, from which we copy the following two :Š Resolved, That we most earnestly request the Senators and Representatives of this State in Con-gress to oppose the adoption of the joint resolution and measures referred to. That a copy of these resolutions be forwarded to said Representatives for presentation to the Senate and House, and that the county newspapers be, and they are hereby respect-fully requested to publish the same with the pro-ceedings of this meeting. Resolved, That the earnest and effective work being performed by the National Religious Liberty Association in opposition to such legislation and to said proposed amendment to the Constitution meets with our unqualified approval, and that J. H. Cook, Vice-President, and Assistant Ira Wheeler, present at this meeting, deserve the thanks of the people for their untiring zeal manifested in advancing the cause of the Association. The report closes as follows :-- The meeting then adjourned, when all present, except one or two, signed the remonstrance, if they had not previously. The meeting was a very or-derly one and fully reflected the, sentiments of our people on these most unpopular measures. We are glad it is so ; and let the good work go on. Another Sunday Bill. THE Sunday-closing bill for the District of Columbia, which passed the Senate, April 5, was first presented under the title, " A bill for the establishment of certain laws or ordinances for the District of Co-lumbia," and contained twenty-four sec-tions. Of these, all but the first five were stricken out when the bill came to be put upon its passage. The tenth sec-tion reads as follows :Š SEC. 10. That it shall not be lawful for.any per-son or persons to curse or make use of any profane lauguage, or any indecent or obscene words, or engage in any disorderly conduct in any street, avenue, public space, square, road or highway, or inclosure, or at any railroad depot or steamboat landing, within the District of Columbia, or in any place wherefrom the same may be heard in any such street, avenue, alley, public square, road, highway, or inclosure, or in any such depot, rail-road cars,' or on board any steamboat, under a penalty of not exceeding twenty dollars for each and every such offense. Thus, under a general title which told nothing, was included a Sunday-closing law, and a law against blasphemy. The clause providing a penalty for the use of profane language, was- stricken out, in the indiscriminate slaughter of nineteen Ł sections of the bill. Senator Blair desired to amend the bill so as to cover all days of the week, but at the earnest and per-sistent request of the friends of the meas-ure, desisted from offering the amendment, and yielded to the compromise with the liquor traffic, because as he said,Š"It is well to provide for the observance of the Sabbath." In that sentence,' he character-ized the measureŠand the whole Sunday-closing movement. A Scrap of History. IN the Convention of the Sunday Union, held in Washington last winter, Mr. Crafts said that in the event of the 'passage of the Breckinridge Sunday Bill for the Dis-trict of Columbia, a " law- and- order league" would undoubtedly be established to aid in its' enforcement. Dyer and Obion. Counties, in Tennessee, where Sunday prosecntions are now going on, had fore-stalled the Sunday Union, in this 'particu-lar, as will be seen, by the following extract from the cross-examination of a witness for the prosecution, in the case of The State of Tennessee v. R. M. King, lately tried before Judge Swiggart Question.ŠYou say this plowing of his, on that day, created a determination with some, that it would be prosecuted ? AnswerŠYes, sir,Šought to be. QuestionŠWho formed that determination ? AnswerŠWell, sir, there were several parties ; previousŠ - QuestionŠName them. AnswerŠI want to tell you how I got the names, if you will let me. QuestionŠJust give the names. AnswerŠMr. Dobbins, Mr. Will Wright, and perhaps Mr. Prank Pardue (I am not certain),- and Mr. W. R. King, and some others that I don't know that I could name just now. Ł QuestionŠOf what church are you a member ? AnswerŠMethodist Church. QuestionŠHave you named all the parties that you remember ? AnswerŠYes, sir, that is all,Šall I could name just now. QuestionŠAt or before this time, had there been a combination, or a written agreement entered into, between you and the parties that you have named, that you would prosecute all violations of Sunday laws ? AnswerŠYes, sir, there had. QuestionŠHave you ever had anybody else in-dicted or arrested, or charged, except Seventh-day Adventists ? Objected to. Colonel RichardsonŠI am asking this, with a view to show the animus of these witnesses, and their feelings against this particular man. I expect to show why Mr. Cole (as he said they had) entered into a compact to prosecute all the parties who violated the Sunday laws. I expe",t to prove by Mr. Cole, that divers parties (and, if not by him, by others) who are not Seventh-day Adventists, cut wheat and did all sorts of work on the Sabbath, desecrating it generally, and that nobody has been prosecuted or interfered with, except this remnant of Israel. (Hisses.) CourtŠAsk him if he has any feeling against this defendant, if you want to. I sustain the objec-tion. (Defendant excepts.) A PACKAGE of petitions from Michigan, has been received in Washington, by the secretary of the National Religious Lib-erty Association, with a note attached which reads as follows :Š I circulated this petition in my school district. All signed it. Such thorough work as this, is encour-aging, especially when it is remembered that all these are enabled, by the leaflet, "My reasons for signing the petition against religious legislation, " which they receive, to understand more fully and de-fend the position which they have taken. I plMillit a  i qlAlt  ''''' 164,91T s  .0t4LsgtIrggs $ 7.2,gig24 $ 5.gg4iI12 I P  tWARIL 4 ::::!i:;. v  l°10.0:,072  1 51.,#g4,11v8N A- 4 '.4m 0 13t..-(14  0 PI '.,, r i9., E 100 , 1 ,g° Sy:Alt,15,12 cc.''. .1  1211.210P3A31 l,01!!451 ...1Š°, trxrag.e f:W 10 ',....2..i.1,.: g , ,,9.0.5,,MsLg 