THE AMERICAN' SNTINE,I.,. 101 duty of the Church to use the God-ap- pointed means to accomplish those re-forms, When these fail, the responsibility rests with the individual. Christians have no right to appeal to civil law to com-pel men to conform to their ideas of wor-ship. The following recommendation, found in the report of Sunday mails referred to, points out to my mind the only legitimate power with which Christianity is clothed in dealing with this Sunday observance question:Š If the Almighty has set apart the first day of the week as a time that man is bound to keep holy, and devote exclusively to his worship would it not be more congenial to the precepts of Christianity to appeal exclusively to the Lawgiver of the universe to aid them in making men betterŠin correcting their practices by purifying their hearts ? Govern-ment will protect them in their efforts. When they shall have so instructed the public mind and awakened the consciences of individuals as to make them believe that it is a violation of God's law to carry the mail, open post-offices, or receive letters on Sunday, [and I will add attend the World's Fair on Sunday], the evil of which they complain will cease of itself, without any exertion of the strong arm of civil power. The German Emperor and Public Schools. AT the beginning of his reign William II. declared that he would overmaster the Social Democrats. In May, 1889, he issued an edict accordingly, and laid bare therein one of his ideas as to what means should be made use of to achieve this :Š That the school may be made serviceable, through-out its various grades, in working against the spread of socialistic and communistic doctrines, is a thought with which I have been long occupied. . . The school must endeavor to impress the conviction on young minds that the teachings of Social Democratism are not only contrary to the law of God and Christian principle, but are un-practical, and dangerous in the sequences to which they lead, both as regards the individual and so-ciety. The year after, in 1890, he spoke again to the members of the school conference, in the spirit of this edict; expressing his belief that teachers find their way into the public schools who are secret Democrats, and gave utterance to his royal expecta-tion that "the fear of God" would be ordered more insisted upon in the public training of youth. The Minister of Public Worship, there-fore, has only fulfilled the orders of the sovereign in bringing in his bill granting the Church a powerful influence over the school. Hitherto in Prussia, schools have been sectarian, and both the Church and the school have been united under the control of the State, having one and the same minister in the King's Cabinet. But sectarianism was a principle more or less loosely adhered to; and 66 per cent. of all schools, 19,627 in number, were one class, with one teacher for pupils of various religious denominations, save in religion Šthis branch was given over to Catholic priests in Lutheran schools; while in districts where.  Catholics abound, Protest-ant clergymen.were privileged to instruct the children of Lutheran parents. Yet even this looser connection between Church and school, and this minor in-sistence upon sectarian differences, proved none too adequate for the task of freeing the minds of young citizens from the old infirmity, prejudice. Prussia, on the con-trary, has been the scene of intolerant persecution against Jews and Catholics, and is still, against Jews. Nor has the union between Church and school, even in its slacker form, been conclusively ben-eficial. Manners and morals are no better than they are in countries where no such a union exists; faith is not more ingrained in citizens' hearts, nor church-going more in their habits. The truth is rather that Germans are comparatively infrequent church - goers (government officials are obliged to attend service), and the reason for the fact has been found more than once in the custom of mixing school in-struction and church instruction into a single discipline during youth, within the same secular walls and with the same associations. Nearly all those pupils who find their school lessons irksome, find their religious lessons irksome also, for these are a part of the routine of the school. When freed from the compulsory attend-ance at the one, they feel freed from further attendance at religious instruction likewise; and religious instruction is the chief thing that evangelical pulpits offer; officially, indeed, it is the only thing. . . . Whatever success has been achieved by re-enforcing the authority of the school with that of the Church, has been a suc-cess strictly and purely political. Neither religion nor morality has been conclusively advanced by the plan. Morality is no higher than in countries where the Church is independent of the State; and all lay interest in Church affairs is even sunk below that which is found in States with secularized schools. But the government is modest, and is satisfied with political success. Its eye is single, and being bent on one certain aim Šthe political extinction of a partyŠall else is treated as accessory. Sectarian strifes, such as the Xanthian outbreaks against Jews, the Berlin outbreaks against Catholics, the Pozen outbreaks against Lutherans, are of subordinate import, if only a Democratic outbreak can be pre-vented against monarchy ! Hence, the . . . sections of the new law, which make sectarianism in public schools com-pulsory; which force every child to receive religious instruction, so far as practicable, from a teacher of his own denomination; and which cede the right of deciding which teachers are fit for instructing children in religion to the clergy. Normal schools, n which teachers are trained, are directedi to be established upon a sectarian basis; and Section 110 allows priests and clergy-men to inspect such seminaries at any  time, as functionaries of their religious orders, without any other restriction than a notice sent beforehand of their proposed visitation. Such clerical functionaries are granted the privilege of attending the religious lessons in public schools, and of commenting upon them to the teacher, when the pupils leave the schoolroom. Children of " dissenters " (non-Lutherans, non-Catholics, or non-Hebrews), if few in number (less than fifteen), shall be de-tailed to hear instruction in one or the other schools of the " recognized sects," at the discretion of the superior magis-trate. The idea is to enforce the injunctions of His Majesty, to purify the school of un-acceptable teachers, and to impress upon every child born in the kingdom the fear of God (Gottes fureht; " fear," mind you ; these military statesmen say nothing of love). And if we keep in mind the fact that there are 66 per cent. of schools in the State with only one teacher, and set to it the new right of priests and clergymen of withholding from teachers the privilege of giving religious instruction, remember-ing, at the same time, that a teacher publicly branded as unfit for giving such instruction becomes " done for ; " then we see that the ministry has, indeed, created an efficient instrument for the king's will. The influence and power which is lent to the two chief churches of the country is lent upon the assumption that both are inimical to Democratism. . . . Prussia calculates that Evangelicals and Catholics will march divided, but strike united. The Emperor, a pupil of Moltke, views them as two army corps made mobile by this Public Schools law, and sent on different routes to heave a single blow for monarchy against Socialism.ŠThe Count-ess Von Krockow, in the Independent. Georgia Sunday Laws and Sunday Advertising. " A BILL for Sunday advertising against the Walter Taylor Drug Company brought by the advertising firm of George P. Rowell & Co., of No. 10 Spruce Street, New York," says the Mail and Express, " has been disallowed by Judge Clark, of Atlanta, on the ground that advertising on that day was not legal and could not be sued for." It is further stated that "the attorney for Rowell & Co., said that he had not met with a similar case in any other State, and regarded the case as a particularly nice one, that might be per-tinent in several States where the Sunday laws were drastic." " DRASTIC," in its worst sense, is a good word to describe Sunday laws in general, and the Georgia Sunday law in particular. The nature and design of the Georgia Sun-day law may be judged from the fact that it provides that " all money arising from 