,TAN. 6, 1883. Amionir CAN-  S 3  ness to read from the Book of Law I send to the desk, the part enclosed in brackets. THE VICE PRESIDENT.ŠThe part indicated will be read. The Secretary read as follows: "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy: six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle nor thy stranger that is within thy gates; for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." The foregoing is all that was said or done in relation to the question that day. The next legislative day, however, the question was taken up and discussed. The debate was opened by Senator Man-derson of Nebraska. And in the Record of July 12, pages 6694, 6695, 6701, we read as follows :Š The language of this amendment is that the Ex-position shall be closed on the " Sabbath day." I submit that if the senator from Pennsylvania de-sires that the Exposition shall be closed upon Sun-day, this language will not necessarily meet that idea. The Sabbath is not Sunday. . . . The words " Sabbath day," simply mean that it is a rest day, and it may be Saturday or Sunday, and it would be subject to the discretion of those who will manage this Exposition, whether they should close the Exposition on the last day of the week, in conformity with that observance which is made by the Israelites and the Seventh-day Baptists, or should close it on the first day of the week, gener-ally known as the Christian Sabbath. It certainly seems to me that this amendment should be adopted by the senator from Pennsylvania, and, if he proposes to close this Exposition, that it should be closed on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. . . . Therefore I offer an amendment to the amend-ment, which I hope may be accepted by the sen-ator from Pennsylvania, to strike out the words, " Exposition on the Sabbath day," and insert " mechanical portion of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." . . MR. QUAY.ŠI will accept the modication so far as it changes the phraseology of the amend-ment proposed by me in regard to designating the day of the week on which the Exposition shall be closed. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠThe senator from Penn-sylvania accepts the modification in part, but not in whole. . . . MR. HARRIS.ŠLet the amendment of the sen-ator from Pennsylvania, as modified, be reported. THE VICE-PRESIDENT.ŠIt will be again reported. THE CHIEF CLERK. ŠOn page 122, line 13, after the word " act " it is proposed to amend the amend-ment of the committee by inserting: " And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." This amendment was afterward further amended by the insertion of the proviso that the managers of the Exposition should sign an agreement to close the Fair on Sunday before they could receive any of the appropriation; but this which we have given is the material point. All of this the House confirmed in its vote accepting the Senate amendments. Besides this, the House had already, on its own part, by a vote of 131 to 36, de-cided that Sunday is the "Christian Sab-bath;" and by a vote of 149 to 11 that the seventh day is not the Sabbath. And thus did the Congress of the United States, at the dictate of the churches, not only take sides in a religious controversy and discuss and decide a religious ques-tion, but put itself in the place and as-sumed to itself the prerogative of author-itative interpreter of the divine law. For, from the official record of the proceedings there appears these plain facts: 1. The divine law was officially and in its very words, adopted as containing the " reasons " and forming the basis of the legislation. In other words, the legisla-tion proposed only to enforce the divine law as quoted from the Book. 2. Yet those to whom the legislation was directed and who were expected to execute its provisions were not allowed to read and construe the divine law for themselves; and this for the very reason that there was a possibility that they might take the divine word as it reads and as it was actually quoted in the official proceedings, and shut the Exposition on the day plainly specified in the divine word which was cited as the basis and au-thority for the action taken. 3. Therefore, to preclude any such possi-bility, Congress assumed the prerogative of official and authoritative interpreter of the divine law, and declared that "the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day," is the Sabbath of the fourth com-mandment of the divine lawŠthat " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is the meaning of the word of the Lord which says: " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," By this legislation, at the dictation of the churches, Congress has distinctly and def-inately put itself and the Government of the United States into the place where it has established, and proposes to enforce, the observance of an institution as sacred, and as due to the Lord, which not only the Lord has neither established nor re-quired, but which is directly contrary to the plain word of the Lord upon the subject of this very institution and its observance as due to the Lord. And in doing this Congress has also as-sumed to itself the prerogative of au-thoritative interpreter of the Scriptures for the people of the land, and for all who come into the land ; and puts itself in the place of God by authoritatively deciding that an observance established and re-quired by the State, and which it calls the Lord's, is the Lord's indeed, although the Lord plainly declares the contrary. But Congress did all this only at the dictation, under threats, of the combined churches, as led and managed by the National Reformers. The interpretation which Congress put upon the law of God is simply the interpretation which these church managers had put upon it long before. Congress was made simply the mouth-piece of the church managers, in putting into national law the construc-tion which they had long ago determined should thus be put upon the moral lawŠthis, too, a construction which makes void that law, and establishes the perverse will of man as of divine authority instead of the will of God as spoken, and written, and interpreted by the Lord himself. In view of these things, no man can deny that so far as the Government is concerned, the National Reformers have secured just what they demanded, and so far have accomplished precisely what they aimed at. All that remains is for them to lay the governmental " hand on any religion that does not conform " to this which they have set up. And in the doing of it, they have caused this Nation to assume the place and the prerogatives of the governments of the Middle Ages, in enforcing the dogmas and definitions of the theologians, and executing the ar-bitrary and despotic will of the Church. And in so doing, they have set up the living likeness of the Papacy, the living image of the beast. Rev. 13: 11-15. A. T. J. " IT may be safely asserted that no live, spiritual, church of Christ ever used or desired the civil law to enforce religious dogmas or promote morality." Religious Law in the United States. IN this country civil interference with religion is confined to statutes, and legal precedents, enforcing the observance of Sunday; providing penalties for blas-phemy and profanity; fixing the neces-sary religious belief requisite for the com-petency of witnesses; invalidating Sun-day contracts; disqualifying ministers of the gospel, * and also such as deny the ex-istence of a Supreme Being or a state of future rewards and punishments, from holding certain public offices; and requir-ing the reading of the Bible in the public schools. Of these none has as yet made its influence felt to any considerable de-gree except the statutes requiring Sunday observance. All such statutes and legal precedents are exotics. They did not have their origin in our soil. They are of foreign importation. They come from three dif-ferent sourcesŠPuritan, Cavalier, and Roman Catholic. The characteristics of each may still be traced. The Puritan set his psalm tunes, his sword, and his Sunday observance to the same key, and he looks to the sword to maintain the cor-rect pitch for psalm and Sunday, even yet. The Cavalier transferred his allegiance from the king and the State Church to the body of law and legal precedents which they bequeathed to him, and the authority of these he accepted with the same courtly grace, and just as unques-tioningly. The Roman Catholic is Span-ish and French in its derivation, and has never lost the evidences of its Latin birth, nor ever will. Against these steadily flowing streams of precedent for the interference of the civil authority in religious matters the Constitution of the United States has proved no barrier. Gradually the tide of religious legislation, and of religio-legal decisions in the State courts has gained, until now it is true that scarcely a statute book can be found that is not tainted with the error; and not a State but that in its law reports can be found precedents establishing the authority of the courts in some affairs religious. That the civil prohibition of common labor and busi-ness, the selling of liquor, and the provid-ing of, or attendance at, places of amuse-ment on Sunday, is constitutional in the different States, has been supported from time to time, until now the large body of authority is in its favor. This has been accomplished by a steady accretion of precedents until the judicial authority has completely overshadowed the consti-tutional principle. In the State of New York the court has said (and evidently based its decision upon the assertion), that, to establish the right to legislate upon and enforce Sunday ob-servance, precedents " could be cited from the statutes and ordinances of every gov-ernment, really or nominally Christian, and from the earliest period." And the court declared farther, in the course of this opinion, that although acts were toler-ated both in this country and in England contrary to the popular view of the proper observance of Sunday, still that fact "does not detract from the force of the long series of acts of the British Par- *That the disqualification of ministers of the gospel for holding certain offices is upon religious grounds is evident from the language of the prohibition; for instance the Constitution of Tennessee provide s that: " Whereas ministers of the gospel are. by their profession, dedicated to God and the care of souls, and ought not to be diverted from the great duties of their functions; therefore, no minister of the gospel, or priest of any denomination whatever, shall be eligible to a seat in either house of the legislature," 