'If any Man Near My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World. VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, JANUARY 3, 1895. NUMBER 1.  American Sentinel Ł PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, READER, subscribe for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, if you are not already a sub-scriber. RENEW your subscription if it expired with the year 1894. Do'it immediately. You cannot afford to miss a single issue of the paper. Every number will contain matter which you will need in combating the rising power of Romanism. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is the only paper in the United States wholly devoted to combating Romanism, and its image in apostate Protestantism, with the only ef-fective weaponŠthe Word of God. ' THE Reformation of the 16th century, -which jostled the papal throne, was ac-,complished with the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God. The SENTINEL will wield that sword against the vital doctrines of the papacy during the year 1895, with the increased power which the 'conflict demands, and which the God of battles has promised for this very time. LET all friends of-  true Protestantism now rally " to the help of the Lord against the mighty." Indifference is sin. Not to make every effort to prepare for the strug-gle is disloyalty to "the King of kings and Lord of lords," To fail to warn your neighbors by every available means,Šand the SENTINEL is a God-appointed means,Šis to bring the blood of their ruin upon your garments. " IF the watchman see the sword come, and' blow not the trumpet, and the people be not warned; if the sword come, and take any person from among them, he is taken away in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at the watchman's hand. So thou, 0 son of man, I have set thee a watchman Unto the house of Israel ; therefore' thou  shalt hear the word at my mouth, and warn them from me. When I say unto the wicked, 0 wicked man, thou shalt surely die; if thou lost not speak to warn the wicked from his way, that wicked man +shall die in his iniquity; but his blood will I require at thine hand. Nev-ertheless, if thou warn the wicked of his way to turn from it; if he do not turn from his way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast delivered thy soul." Eze. 33 : 6-9. WORK while it is day, for "the night cometh when no man can work." Ł Ł  Nine Years' Experience. TO-DAY the AMERICAN SENTINEL enters upon the tenth year of its work. The paper was named the SENTINEL be-cause it was intended from the beginning to occupy the place and do the work of a sentinel. It is the duty of a sentinel to be ever on the watch with every faculty alert to detect any movement of an enemy, or any danger of any kind, and sound the alarm. For many more than ten years the people who publish the AMERICAN SENTINEL had seen what they knew to be a serious danger to the American people and to the world; but until 1886 we had no paper devoted particularly to the study and exposure of the workings of this dangerous element. We refer, of course, to the organized attempt, first represented in the National Reform Association alone, and later, in the solid combination of the popular Protestantism of the whole country, to fasten upon the National Government the recognition and maintenance of the forms of religion,Što accomplish the union of religion and the national power. As we knew that the doing of such a thing at any time and anywhere could be nothing else than the setting up of a reli-gious despotism; and as we knew that such a thing could not be done in the United States without the subversion of the Constitution and of every fundamental principle of the Government, we knew that this movement, in every possible phase of it, meant only evil and that con-tinually to all the people of the nation. We knew also that the evil wrought by  this would not be confined to the people of this nation. We knew that the principles of the ab-solute separation of religion and the State upon which this nation was founded, were, and were intended to be, the light and glory of the world. We knew that by the splendid results of these principles, as manifested in the bright example of America, the whole world was being en-lightened and drawn more and more to-ward the right principles of the rights of men and the freedom of mankind. Knowing all this, we knew full well that the subversion of these national prin-ciples and the reversal of the " New Order of Things " in the course of this nation, would surely react upon the other nations, and so swing the whole world back into the evil tide of the old order of things; arrest the progress of mankind, and cause the world to perish in the stagnation and corruption of an enforced religion which is only enforced hypocrisy. Therefore our paper was not only called the SENTINEL, but the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL; because we knew that the main-tenance of American principles in their integrity was the gain of the world, and that the forsaking or subversion of these principles could be nothing else than the everlasting loss of the world. These American principles are the prin-ciples announced by the Lord himself for the guidance of nations. In the establish-ing of this nation, " time's noblest off-spring," these principles were made the foundation for the benefit of all mankind; and the disregard or subversion of them on the part of the nation can work noth-ing but the irreparable injury of man-kind. These being Christian principles, to dis-regard them or to set them aside is to erect antichristian principles in their stead. Not only is this true in the philosophy of the case, but as in the making of the National Government, its establishment upon these principles was expressly de-clared to be that we might not be brought under the domination of the church of Rome nor be afflicted by persecution, the plain practical consequence of the disre- gard or subversion of these principles could not possibly be anything else than the setting up and carrying out of the - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 