710 AMERICAN SENTINEL. In the time of the apostles, Satan saw that nothing could openly withstand the onward march of Christian-ity. ,,,He therefore plotted to overthrow it in a different way, and the worst enemy that he purposed using in ac-complishing this task were the so-called friends of Chris-tianity. The spirit-filled apostle could easily see the workings of Satan, and faithfully warned the believers of them. Thus he says to the elders at Ephesus, "Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them." Acts 20:30. Again, in his letter to the Thessalonians (2 Thess. 2:3,4) Paul, correcting a wrong idea that had crept into the church relative to the second coming of Christ, says: "Let no man deceive you by any means : for that day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sit-teth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." He then adds, "The mystery of lawlessness (R.V.) (loth already work." No one can doubt that this "man of sin," "the son of perdition," is any other than the power known as the papacy. The papacy is indeed the mystery of iniquity, the very incarnation, of lawlessness. And the crowning work of this apostate power was the attempt to change God's holy law with reference to the Sabbath. It "has substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observance of the seventh dayŠa change for which there is no scriptural authority." The papacy openly boasts of this, and points to it as the badge or mark of its authority, thereby confessing itself capable of doing no greater work. In this act, and this only, has it exalted itself above all that is called God, for it claims to have done that which. God could not possibly doŠthat is, to have made the first day of the week the Sabbath. Sabbath means rest. Sabbath day means the day of God's rest. It is true that God worked six days and rested upon the seventh, but he could just as easily have worked five days and rested upon the sixth, or he could have done it all in one day and rested the second; but God could not possibly work upon the first day and call it his rest day. Certainly, then, if the papacy could really do that which God could not possibly do, it would be greater than God, hence Sunday, as a Sabbath day, would stand for a power greater than God's power. The power of the papacy has always been arrayed against the gospel of Jesus Christ. It confesses to know-ing nothing of the faith of Jesus Christ for justification. From first to last, always and only, it is antichristian; therefore thedayŠSundayŠwhich is the badge, the mark of her authority, is itself antichristian. Sunday being antichristian, there is nothing in it that could possibly inspire faith. It is no better than the power that made it. It could be upheld by no other power than that  which made it; and the power which the papacy ever used was the power of the state. Therefore, while it is a sad confession on the part of the Rev. Dr. Burrell, it is perfectly logical that he and those who stand with him should appeal now to the state for help. Australian Catholics Become Protesters. BY W. A. COLCORD. RECENTLY Mr. Peacock, Minister of Education for Victoria, has had introduced into the state schools of the colony a "School Paper," in which appear religious les-sons on various- subjects, the scripture quotations in which are taken from the Protestant version of the Bible. Being under the impression that these "papers" were in-* tended only for home reading, Archbishop Carr, of this city, made no objection; but upon learning that they were used in the schools, he at once sent in a protest to Mr. Peacock. In this he says:Š "It has been stated that no protest against such use has come from any source. For my part I should have at once protested had I known that the `School Paper,' with its scripture lessons, was explained or interpreted for Catholic children by non-Catholic teachers."ŠMelbourne Age, September 13. Of course Archbishop Carr and all Catholics have a perfect right thus to protest. No one has a right to use the state to teach any one any kind of religion. But it is interesting to note how quickly even our Roman Catholic friends, when in the minority, become protesters, and protest against others, though in the majority and in power, using the power and institutions of the state to enforce upon them or their children any-thing in religion of which they do not approve. In this they acknowledge that the Protestant principle is right. By this single protest Archbishop Carr (and all who join him in it) yields to the principle laid down by the Prot-estant princes at the Diet of Spires, in 1529, that "in matters of conscience the majority has no power." It would have been well if both Catholics and Protestants had always acted upon this principle when they were in the majority. It is strange that "men can see the justness of the principle only when they are in the mi-nority. THE PRINCIPLE APPLIED. Roman Catholics protest against Protestants teach-ing religion in the state schools as Protestants under-stand and believe it, when Protestants are in the major-ity. This they have a perfect right to do. But if they believe that their protest in this respect should be heard (and it should), then they must admit that the majority have no right to use the state to force upon the minority their religion and religious opinions, at least when the majority are Protestants. But if Protestants have no right to use the state to teach their religious ideas and 