rri4E,A AMM-zICAN S'ENTIENM,. 27 declared (Dan. 2:44) that " in the days of these kings [or kingdoms] shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed; and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for-ever." That is the everlasting kingdom of Christ which is in the Scriptures so often promised to him, but which has not yet been set up in the earth; and which is never to be established by human agency, but by divine power. And until that time comes it is folly to talk of Christ as this world's king. Nothing has occurred this side the breaking up of the Roman empire that could possibly be the setting up of the everlasting kingdom of God, and un-til that event does take place the dominion of earthly governments must remain in the hands of men, just where God himself has placed it, and declared that it shall remain until he come " whose right it is." Then, and not till then, will Christ be this world's king. Christ himself, while distinctly avowing his kingship, declared that his kingdom was not of this world (John 18: 36). As a priest-king upon his Father's throne, as appears from Heb. 8:1, he rules over a kingdom of grace, a purely spiritual king-dom, the Subjects of which are candidates for his future everlasting kingdom, which the Apostle Paul locates at his second com-ing, when he says, " I charge thee there-fore, before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the living and the dead at his appearing and his king-dom, preach the word." 2 Tim. 4: 1. As a priest upon his Father's throne, Christ is now gathering out of every kindred and nation, a people who will serve him, whom he will make immortal, that they may be subjects of his eternal kingdom. And it is that they may be left perfectly free that he forbears now to rule over the af-fairs of men. Bat National Reformers are impatient of God's methods, and seek, as did some anciently, to take Christ by force and make him king. But to all such he says, " My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight; . . . but now is my kingdom not from hence." c. P. B. Sectarian Politics. Iii the foundation of our Government one of the corner-stones was, that " no re-ligious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States," and while this principle has not as yet been set aside, yet there are some indications of a move in that direction. The Prohibition Party in Lynn, Mass. ,has just been deeply agitated over the nomina-tion, in that city, of a Catholic prohibition-ist alderman. No fault was found with his prohibition faith and record; he seemed to  be sound along that line. But as soon as it was ascertained that he was a Catholic, then, behold, a split in the party over that matter at once. Now the Catholic faith, from the standpoint of us who are Prot-estants, is, to say the least, very objec-tionable. But what has that to do with a political party, and whether or not the Catholic may serve in civil offices ? Have we not taken the position in this country that the Church and State are two entirely separate institutions ? And that as long as he conducts himself as a good citizen, it is no person's business what system of religious faith a candidate holds, or whether he believes in any religion at all ? But the prohibitionists in Lynn, in with-drawing their support from a man, simply because he is a Catholic, show that, in their minds at least, Church and State are not separate in this country; and while they object to a union of the State with Catholicism, they would not raise the same objection if the union was only with Protestantism. Whereas the American principle is that the State shall be allied with no religion. Much is being said in prohibition circles in regard to making it a church party, but happily there are some earnest protests against it. The principles of prohibition are good; and the country would be bene-fited if they could be enforced. But when the Prohibition Party builds a platform too narrow to contain citizens of all per-suasions and beliefs, as far as religion is concerned, it is too narrow to be worthy the name of American politics. A. 0. TAIT. A State Can Not Be a Theocracy. THAT injustice to citizens and final gov-ernmental destruction arises from ecclesi-astical assumption of power in the civil sphere, or vice versa, has been fully dem-onstrated in the history of the Roman Government. In the fourth century the bishops of that time adopting the theory that the Roman Government was, or could become, a theocracy, brought about a union of the Church with the civil power, in order to receive support from the State in bringing the world to the religious faith held by themselves. In his History of the Christian Religion and Church, vol. 2, sec. 2, part 1, Neander says of that time : There had in fact arisen in the Church . . . a false theocratical theory, originating not in the essence of the gospel, but in the confusion of the religious constitutions of the Old and New Testa-ments, which . . . brought along with it an un-Christian opposition of the spiritual to the secular power, and which might easily result in the forma-tion of a sacerdotal State, subordinating the secular to itself in a false and outward way. . . . This theocratical theory was already the pi evailing one in the time of Constantine; and . . . the bishops vol-untarily made themselves dependent upon him by their disputes, and by their determination to make use of the power of the State for the furtherance of their aims. It may be readily supposed that when a worldly church thus prostitutes itself to the civil power in order to accomplish its ends, the civil government will in turn, to secure the political influence of the church, yield to its demands, although it may be evident that the granting of such demands will lead to a flagrant abuse of the concessions made. In this case, it is well known what fol-lowed. Decrees were issued by the em-peror regulating the conduct of all Roman subjects in matters of religious faith, and that, too, without consulting those out-side of the Church with whom the govern-ment had made the political compact. Penalties so severe were attached to these edicts, that all feared to disobey who de-sired to preserve their lives. Hence, nearly all conformed to the decrees, even though at heart they were not in har-mony with them. Such a course made hypocrites, from whom were chosen the chief dignitaries of the Church and em-pire. The result was that the bishops be-came ambitious, bold, and unscrupulous. But the government having bargained with the Church for its influence, could not well withdraw from the compact, be-cause the political influence for which it had bargained had become the domina-ting one. To combat it, at that stage in the drama, meant the loss of the empire to the civil power, yet to let matters still go on was sure to bring the same result at some future date. . As the rapidly growing influence of the Church in secular matters was a danger-ous thing to oppose, it was allowed to strengthen year by year, till the Church clearly gained the ascendency in political intrigue. In fact, the emperors, in order to maintain their authority, had them-selves recognized as bishops of the Church, in order to administer affairs of the Church as well as those of the State. The result of all this was most naturalŠmen who desired some rich benefice be-came extremely servile before those from whom they expected favors, and were ready to bestow upon their anticipated benefactors the most flattering titles. This in turn placed the suppliants where they were ready to be used as tools of the bishops to do the vilest work. Not only were appeals made to the bishops to settle religious controversies, but Rome being the first city in the em-pire, other bishops appealed to the bishop of Rome to arbitrate their differences. Then Constantine enacted a law " permit-ting judgment to be passed by the bishops when litigants preferred appealing to them rather than to the secular courts; he enacted that their decree should be valid, and so far superior to that of other judges as if pronounced by the emperor himself; that the governors and subordinate mili-tary officers should see to the execution of these decrees; and that sentence when passed by them, should be irreversible." 