764 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. people, and that the whole nation perish not." Said Demetrius: " Sirs, ye know that by this craft we have our wealth. Moreover ye see and hear, that not alone at Ephesus, but almost throughout all Asia, this Paul bath persuaded and turned away much people, saying that they be no gods, which are made with hands; so that not only this our craft is in danger to be set at nought; but also that the temple of, the great goddess Diana should be de-spised, and her magnificence should be destroyed, whom all Asia and the world worshipeth." Truly both the language and the logic of intoler- ance differ little from age to age. B. - NEW YORK STATE CONFERENCE OF RELIGION. NOVEMBER 20-22, there was held in the city of New York the second annual session of the New York State Conference of Religion.' According to the program of this meeting, this conference " was organized in 1899 by a large number of persons belonging to eleven different denominations. Its General Committee now includes members of fifteen denominations. * * Its bond of union is not in a common formula, but in the one spirit which is variously expressed in different religious forms. Its purpose is to promote the largest prac-ticable junction of religious forces for the furtherance of those fundamental religious, moral and social in-terests which are vital to the stability of the com-monwealth." It will be seen at once that the object of this organization is political rather than religious, since it is " for the furtherance of the fundamental re-ligious, moral and social interests which are vital to the stability of the commonwealth." This thought was emphasized by many utter-ances .during the progress of the convention. For instance, in speaking upon " The Ethical Progress of the Nineteenth Century," Rev. J. M. Whiton, Ph. D., of New York, said: " In the strong regard given by these teachers to civic obligations and duties, they barred the ex-treme individualism of the Jeffersonian period by declaring, Without rights without duties, and no duties without rights.' And yet this doctrine of the nineteenth century is that the permanence of civil'  duties is the end for which these common rights ex-ist, and is entitled to be called progress only so far as it succeeds in connecting the existence of free-dom with the truth proclaimed by philosophy and  ethics, that the freeman is here only that he may better serve the commonwealth. In view of these sign's, I dare declare that there has been more eth-ical progress during the nineteenth century than during all the preceeding eighteen centuries." The same speaker contrasted the American the-ory of the primacy of the individual and of individual rights with the Greek idea of the primacy of the state and of the right of the state, and declared the Greek to be the correct theory. " Rights," he,  declared, exist, but they exist that the individual may the better serve the state." This is the very opposite of the grand and fundamental truth' enunciated in the Declaration of Independence; namely, that governments exist to secure individual rightsŠto serve the people, and not that the people may serve them. And this is the idea that every government of whatever sort it may be inclines to naturally. This' has been the theory of every despotism the world has ever known; and the government that proceeds upon this theory can be nothing but a despotism. It is only by' constant vigilance and jealousy on the part of the people, however, that any govern-ment can be restrained or, preserved from adopting and acting upon the theory of despotism. Every right which the people relinquish, either by direct grant or by careless indifference, the government gathers to itself, and the jurisdiction it takes it keeps. It is an ominous fact that now the Government and the federated, or federating, churches are at one in advocacy and support of this despotic theory that the people and their rights exist to serve the state. Admit this premise and it is impossible to deny that nothing which does not strengthen and build up the state is a right. The individual be-comes simply a cog or a spoke in the great car which, emerging from the temple of imperialism, crushes in its triumphal progress not only the bodies but the souls of men. Other points of interest in connection with the Congress of Religion must be noted in future papers. B. *I 44' " BEASTS, birds, and fishes," says The Defender, " come under the generic title man,' for whom Jesus said the Sabbath was made,' and they should not be hunted and slaughtered on that day." It is a pity that innocent creatures, enjoying the life the Creator gave them, should be hunted and 