190 THE AmErzicAN SENTINnt. the meek and lowly Nazarene with being the author of the popular religion that is being palmed off upon the people. The fact that the head of the Catholic Church in this country is in favor of the Blair measure, is sufficient of itself to show that there is something yet behind the screen even more to be dreaded. There is plenty of work for preachers within the confines of their legitimate calling, without seek-ing to control the affairs of the Government. Political preachers are of no benefit to the church or politics either. Ftlse religion has al-ways opposed free government, and the self-styled orthodox churches of to-day are no excep-tion to the rule. They want to be supported by the civil law, because they fear that in no other way can their future maintenance be assured. Rome succeeded in wielding the scepter of ec-clesiasticism over the political powers. The Dark Ages followed. Then the Church of England fol-lowed in the same wake as far as she could. And with little exception the churches of America are trying to do the same thing, as a means of prop-ping up their tottering spiritual power by a union with the secular power of the State. k Many are becoming tired of the corruptions practiced in the churches, and are retiring from all church relationship. I wonder if the law-seeking religionists, who wage such warfare upon all who will not go with them, ever think of the good men and women driven away into the bar-ren fields of the world, on account of false teach-ing and idol worship. Men of God will never hide behind the civil law; they will never shrink from going boldly before the world upon the mer-its of what they teach. And I believe they will receive the aid and encouragement of all those who have viewed with sorrow the declining state of the church. When a man fails to carry his point by reason, argument, and testimony, he ought to retire from the field. Knowing, the weakness of many of these Blair-bill churches, I am not surprised at their skulking behind the civil law to get out of the light of honest investigation, but deliver me from the day when they shall have gained the power to rule this Nation. It has been over a century since the establish-ment of this Government; and during all that time the stand, the press, and the pulpit have vied with each other in lauding the grandeur, simplic-ity, and purity of its institutions. For all these years the Nation has prospered in a manner un-paralleled in all the annals of history. The fathers were satisfied to live and die in it. How is it, then, that men and women rise up in this, the zenith of its greatness, and ask for religious legislation, _that the church may dictate to the State,Šsomething that would not have received a second thought by the framers of the Declara-tion of Independence and the Constitution of the United States. The Blair bills offer an insult to all the wise, great, and good men who have lived and died in the past as sons of American freedom. Repeatedly have the Roman Catholic dignita-ries virtually said, "Give us secular power, and religious liberty will be at an end in this country." They had that power once, and such a reign of terror and despotism never was known before or since. In substance, decaying Protestantism makes the same demand with a similar promise. There is as much to be feared from apostate Prot-estantism as from Rome itself. An "image " to anything must bear an exact likeness to the thing itself. The two-horned beast of the prophecy is a second beast, not a second rising of the first  beast; but it is to cause the people to make an image to the first beast. The leading Protestant churches have united under the specious pretext of " National Reform," for the purpose of securing a religious amend-ment to the Constitution. They say they wait to get God in the Constitution; but the truth is, it is their church dogmas they want to get in, so they may be enforced by law. If they would try to get the Spirit of God in their churches, it would be more to their credit, and more beneficial to the country at large. Then they would be dis-posed to respect the rights of their neighbors, whether Christians or infidels. If this Nation is not a Christian Nation, all the human law possible in the world cannot make it so. It is the business of the church to make Christians, through the truth, and not the business of the civil law. The National Reform idea is, to catch every man and brand him, "This is a Christian." If they should get into Heaven, they would want to have inserted in the statute-books, "This is a Christian Nation," and if they finally get to the other destination, they will probably make the same demand there. B. A. SMITH. Ł Ł The Evils of Enforced Sunday- Keeping. THE Washington (Iowa) Press of May 8 has an editorial article on the Sunday question from which we quote a single paragraph, not because we fully agree with the sentiment, but for the sake of comment. After referring to the order discontinuing the Sunday freight trains on the New York Central Railroad, the Press says :Š " The experiment will be an interesting one. Work-ingmen do not usually ' rest ' on Sunday, even if not at work. If not at work, they are lounging, too many of them dissipating, and by Sunday night they are more used up than if they had been at their rou-tine work, just as national holidays fatigue people more than their accustomed work. As a rule, people are never so well and virtuously engaged as when at work. Work, labor, is one of the saviours of the race. The idle classes are the vicious classes. If men would rest on Sunday, have harmless, cheerful, social relaxa-tion, flop down on the grass or lounge and read, and doze, or visit, Sunday would be a rest-day. But sup-pose they spend Sunday in saloons, or in dissipation, as thousands of folks do when on their regular round of service, what advantage is Sunday to them? Morally and physically considered, they'd far better be at work on Sunday than acting that way. So far as our obser-vation goes, people do not rest' on Sunday. Business men are still scheming, and it's thinking, worrying, that tires. And for those that dissipate there is no rest. Dissipation is the hardest, toughest kind of work. It uses up tissue, not to speak of virtue, faster than anything else. Those who make a holiday of Sunday, go on excursions, go to picnics, beer-gardens, etc., are more fagged out by Sunday night than if they'd been in the shop all day. For tens of thou-sands Sunday is not a rest-day, but a license day." There is of course much truth in this para-graph. There is little benefit to be derived from enforced idleness upon Sunday. We would not, however, deprecate Sabbath-keeping in the least. But in what the Press has said can be clearly seen the evil which will arise from the program which has been mapped out by the National Re-formers when they compel, all to rest whether they are conscientious in doing so or not. We believe that the original object of the Sabbath was not rest but worship. When God created the heavens and the earth, he blessed and sancti-fied the seventh day, setting it apart as a memorial of God's creative work, that his creatures in keeping it might be reminded that he did. create all things, and thus their worship would be di- rected to him. Of course where the Sabbath is observed from such a motive as this, nothing but good can come of it. But to compel those who have no reverence for God, and who do not re-gard him as the Creator, to abstain from labor one day in seven, is simply to cause them to cast about for some means of killing time. And it is too often the case that this is found in dissipation. One of the evils complained of which is most sought to be remedied by Sunday laws is this dissipation. First, they make laws which compel people to be idle. Then when those who are idle walk after their natural inclinations and make Sunday a day of revelry instead of a day of rest, other laws must be made compelling them to spend the day as those in power think most fitting. Aud as that which is desired is to secure their attend-ance at church, the natural conclusion would be that laws will be demanded requiring everybody to attend church.. Indeed, some have gone al-most to that extent already, because it has been proposed in so many-words to hedge up the ave-nues of pleasure to such an extent that people will go to church rather than do nothing. We would be glad ,indeed to see everybody attend church. We believe it a good practice, and in some respects even adulterated Christianity is bet-ter than none at all, but we are assured that noth-ing but evil could result from coercing people in matters of religion. But coercion is the natural sequence of regulating Sunday-keeping by law. Why They Demand Them. THE West End, a paper published in San Francisco, mentions a recent failure to enforce the Sunday law in Chicago, and says that such attempts are criminal, for they work a hardship on a few who are obliged to close, and on the public in general ; and also that their enforcement brings other laws into contempt. We do not know that Sunday laws should be condemned be-cause of the difficulty in enforcing them, because there are some other laws which might be con-demned for the same reason. But certain it is that Sunday is not a proper subject of legislation, for the 'reason that it is a religious institution, and were it not, no one would think of demanding that its observance be regulated by law. In fact, no one ever asked that it be so regulated for any other reason until, within the past few years, they have been driven to set up the claim that it is a sanitary measure, for the reason that the people will not submit to religious legislation. The trouble in enforcing Sunday laws is that the ma-jority of the people are not in sympathy with the purpose for which they are passed. And this is one reason why they work a hardship upon a few while they fail to restrain the many. They are only spasmodically enforced, and it is generally the case that they are made effective only against those who will not stoop to such evasions as are commonly practiced by those who find their way into the police courts. Every effort to make Sun-day laws. effective simply furnishes another argu-ment against them. LET the National Legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious con-troversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country, which has been the dissolving scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World.Š U. S. Senate Report, 18.9. 