44 THE .A.1VIERICAN SENPriNrEL. cisely the logic and the profession of papal infal-libility. It is not claimed that all the Pope speaks is infallible; it is only what he speaks officiallyŠwhat he speaks from the throne. Un-der this theory he sits upon that throne as the head of the Government of God in this world. He sits there as the representative of God. And when he speaks officially, when he speaks from the throne, he speaks as the representative of God. Therefore, sitting in the place of God, ruling from that place as the official representative of God, that which he speaks from the throne is the word of God, and must be infallible. This is the inev-itable logic of the false theocratical theory. And if it be denied that the theory is false, there is logically no escape from accepting the papal system. The claims of the papacy are not in the least extravagant, if the theory be correct. Third, God is the moral governor. His Gov-ernment is a moral one, whose code is the moral. law. His Government and his law have to do Ł with the thoughts, the intents, and the secrets of men's hearts. This must be ever the Government of God, and nothing short of it can be the Govern-ment of God. The Pope then being the head of what is pretended as a Government of God, and ruling there in the place of God, his Government must rule in the realm of morals, and must take cognizance of the counsels of the heart. But being a man, how could he discover what were the thoughts of men's hearts, whether they were good or evil, that he might pronounce judgment upon them? By long and careful experiment, and by intense ingenuity, means werediscovered by which the most secret thoughts of men's hearts might be wrung from them, and that was by the Inquisi-tion. The Inquisition was only the inevitable logic of the theocratical theory upon which the Papacy was founded. And the PapacyŠinfalli-bility, inquisition, and allŠis only the logic of any theocratical theory of earthly government since Jesus Christ died. And this theocratical theory advocated by the W. C. T. U. is not an exception. But some may say that the Union says " a true theocracy," while that of the fourth century, and which made the Papacy, was a false one. That one was not considered false by those who advocated it, any more than this one is by those who advocate it. To the bishops of the fourth century that theory was as truly that of a true theocracy as is this now to the women of the Na-tional W. C. T. U.; .hence they, too, in their day prayed devoutly for the ballot in the hands of bishops: The theocratical theory of the bish-ops of the fourth century was no more false than is this one now held by the W. C. T. U. And as that one made a Papacy then, so will this one now, if it should ever become successful. A Papacy is inherent in the very theory itself; and it matters not by whom it may be advocated ; that will be the result of any successful carrying out of the theory. If the W. C. T. U. should get dip bal-lot in the hands of women, and should then con-trol the Government of the United States, and es-tablish their theocracy by ballot, and elect the president of the National W. C. T. U. to the seat at the head of the Government,Ł she being head of a theocracyŠa Government of GodŠwould sit there as the representative of God, and would be a pope. But the Government of the United States never wants to see a pope, either male or female. As any theocratical theory of government in this world -is a false theory ; as any such theory  contains a Papacy; and as the National W. C. T. U. advocates just such a theory, therefore that much of the National Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union should be opposed as certainly, and as decidedly, as should the Papacy itself. A. T. J. A Significant Proposal. THE feverish, restless spirit of the times, and the tendency of the age towards legislation which interferes with the individual rights of conscience, are well exemplified in a proposal by the trustees of the Normal College of New Jersey of an amendment to the State Constitution "prohibiting the establishment of schools the purpose of which is to withdraw pupils from the public schools." Of course the amendment is aimed directly at parochial schools, but great as is the evil of Rom-ish opposition to our common schools, the remedy proposed by the trustees of the Normal College would be a great deal worse. It is right that the State should require every parent to afford his child an opportunity to acquire a good educa-tion in the common branches of knowledge, but to go farther than that and say that the child must be educated in this school, or in that, is a most unwarranted invasion of private rights. If Protestants, because they are in the majority, have a right to say that Catholic children shall be educated in the public schools, it must follow that where Catholics are in the majority they have the right to say that Protestants shall send their children to church schools. There are some things for which people are properly answerable only to God, and certainly the matter of giving religious instruction to, or of withholding it- from their children, is one of those things. The State may require Catholics, or Pres-byterians, or Methodists, and, in short, people of all denominations, to educate their children, but the moment it forbids the establishment of denomina-tional schools, and requires that all shall send to the State schools, it strikes down religious liberty, and tramples upon the sacred rights of conscience. Things Not What They Seem. SPEAKING of the Sunday-Rest bill, the Leaven-worth Standard says: "The National Reform Association, representing a million or so of cranks, has a numerous and cunning lobby on the ground, who are using every effort to hurry the bill through." There are not so many of them, brother. Don't you remember General Grant's story about the wolves in Texas? At the time of the Mexi-can war, he and a young companion were travel-ing to join their regiment. Says he, "On the evening of the first day out from Goliad we heard the most unearthly howling of wolves, directly in our front. The prairie grass was tall, and we could not see the beasts, but the sound indicated that they were near. To my ear, it appeared that there must have been enough of them to devour our party, horses and all, at a single meal. The part of Ohio -where I hailed from was not thickly settled, but wolves had been driven out long be-fore I left. Benjamin was from Indiana, still less populated, where the wolf yet roamed over the prairies. He understood the nature of the ani-mal, and the capacity of a few to make believe there was an unlimited number of them. He kept on toward the noise. unmoved. . . . When he did speak it was to ask: Grant, how many wolves do you think there are in that pack ?' Knowing where he was from, and suspecting that he thought I would overestimate the number, I determined to show my acquaintance with the animal by putting the estimate below what possi-bly could be correct, and answered, Oh, about twenty,' very indifferently. He smiled and rode on. In a minute we were close upon them, and before they saw us. There were just two of them. Seated upon their haunches, with their mouths close together, they had made all the noise we had been hearing for the past,ten minutes." That is the way it is with the National Re-formers who are pushing the Blair Bills. It seemed as though there were millions of them; but when we got hold of the cold facts about the petitions, in the Congressional Record, we found that only a few persons comparatively had been making all the noise. Still this doesn't warrant the friends of truth and justice in relaxing their efforts. Noise counts for a great deal in this world. Are National Reformers Christians? THEY claim to be. They desire to make Christ king of this nation. They aim to .establish by civil law what they call the Christian Sabbath. They are determined to have what they call Christian instruction in our public schools. Ver-ily, on the face of it, it would look as though they were Christians. Further, they are determined to compel all to submit to their regulations, will-lingly if they may, forcibly if they must. If a man who does not believe in Sunday sacredness, concludes that he ought, in duty to his family and for the interests of his business, to work upon that day, he must be compelled to do differently. Now a Christian is a follower of Christ, one who observes his sayings. And to one of the most blessed of his sayings, known all over the world as the "golden rule," National Reformers are diametrically opposed : "All things whatso-ever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." Matt. 7:12. The term men includes more than the National ,Reformers, or Christians. It means Jew and Gentile, Barbar-ian and Scythian, Mohammedan and Pagan, be-liever and atheist. If it is right, therefore, to compel all these classes to observe any of the forms or institutions of Christianity, simply be-cause professed Christians are in the majority, or have the power to enforce obedience, it follows, if National Reformers are Christians indeed, that they believe it would be the duty of the Jew or the Pagan to enforce his forms of worship and re-ligious institutions upon Christians, if he were in the majority or had the power. This is the inevitable conclusion. They say to the grossest idolator, We are Christians, and be-lieve the golden rule of Christ-. Now we desire you to be a Christian. We wish you to observe the institutions of Christianity. If you do not de-sire to do so, we will compel you so to do. By that they say to him, This would be just what you ought to do by usŠcompel observance of your grosss idolatryŠif our situation were re-versed, and the power were in your hands. And if the National Reform theory be correct and Christian, the golden rule justifies religious prose-cution and persecution, in all lands, of all relig-ions. Either Christ taught that it was right to compel religious observance, or else National Re-formers are not followers of Christ, Do National Reformers ever read the instruction of Christ? Will they follow it? Then they will no longer be National Reformers, seeking through civil laws 