32 PrEin AMERICAN SENTITNIEL. Vol. 4, No. 4. IFI2e Anritieag BeOir2el. 'OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY 13, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-sc.ribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. A GENTLEMAN in Bancroft, Iowa, in renewing his subscription to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, says: "God bless the efforts of the SENTINEL: If,  it does not meet with much reward in this world, I feel quite sure that God will openly reward it in the next. I have been a subscriber for two years, and would not do without the SENTINEL. I am circulating a petition in the interest of religious liberty ; am doing it for the love I have for free-dom in this respect." Many similar words of en-couragement come to us. In return we say, God bless the army of workers for the AMERICAN SENTINEL and true religious liberty, and may their numbers increase many fold. IN speaking of our public-school system, the Catholic Telegram says: "It will be a glorious day for Catholics in this country when, under the law of justice and moral-ity, our school system shall be shivered to pieces." Then of course Roman Catholics ought to favor the Blair —Amendment Bill, for if that will not shiver our system of public free schools, we know not what will. Then in that glorious day, in the rivalry which will come between the infidel and the Christian elements, the Catholics will hold the balance of power, and so be able to dictate just what " principles of the Christian religion " will be taught in our schools; as provided by the Blair Amendment. But all men may not be able to indorse what Rome cajlsChristian. And so legal persecution will follow. Ł  )36r-WILL all who write to the AMERICAN SENTINEL please make a note of the following? When you write matter designed for publication, or, send questions .or any other matter for the edi-tor, address your envelope to " Editor AMERICAN SENTINEL." If you send in subcriptions, or write only on business, address only "AMERICAN SEN-TINEL." If you have both business and corre-spondence, and do not wish to send two separate packages, 'put the business on a sheet by itself, and the matter for the editor on another sheet. The business offices and the editorial rooms are some distance apart, and a little care on your part will save us much inconvenience. Besides, each department wishes to keep on file, for reference, all matter that comes to it; but this cannot be done when business and correspondence are put upon one sheet. Please don't forget this. THE National Reformers have a great deal to say about American institutions, the American Sunday, etc.., but the fact is, the movement is wholly un-American. In a speech the other day, the editor of Free Thought made the following point, which we think is exceedingly well taken :Š "Constantine, the Roman Emperor, who lived over three hundred years after Christ, first insti-, tuted the observance of Sunday as the sacred dayŠthe,  Sabbath; and we of the nineteenth century are compelled to adjourn the celebra-tion of our national anniversary, the fourth Ł of  July, when it comes upon a Sunday, in recogni-tion of Constantine's Sabbath; and every time we do so, our flag is trailed in the dust before the Roman emperor. We want our rights re-spected." The whole National Reform movement is but an effort to Romanize America. There is only one error in the above, and that is, that Constan-tine instituted the observance of Sunday as a sa-cred day. Although he issued the first law that ever existed in regard to Sunday, its observance as a sacred day was unknown till long after Con-stantine's time. His law was like the one which the National Reformers want; it was not designed to make men very religious, only to make some of them appear so outwardly. JANUARY 17 was petition day in the United States Senate. On that day petitions from citi-zens of twenty-one States, two Territories, and the District of Columbia, were presented by various Senators. In fact, the whole number of signa-turesŠprofessedly about 14,000,000Š were pre-smited, and the petitions were referred to the Com-mittee on Education and Labor. Of course the fact that the Senators presented the petitions from their respective States, proves nothing whatever as to their standing on the matter. But there was one man who did not propose to be, by any remote construction, identified with the thing de-sired by the petitioners. That was Senator Rid-dleberger, of Virginia. Said he:Š " I present a petition of citizens of Virginia, containing 1,851 individual signatures, in favor of a National Sunday rest law. I take it for granted it is the same as the other Senators here have presented, because of the red covering; and I present it recognizing the right of petition, but in presenting it I want to state what other Sena-tors have not done, my unqualified opposition to any such legislation." It is refreshing to know that some are not prevented by weak sentimentalism from speaking out their honest convictions. It is an encourag-ing fact, also, that Senator Riddleberger is one of the Committee on Education and Labor, to which these petitions are referred. Ł AT the recent meeting held in Washington by sectarian delegates from nearly every State in the Union, to promote the scheme for establishing a national Sunday, or, in other words, enforcing by legislative enactment a Christian Sunday upon the people of the United States, great unanimity prevailed among the delegates upon the subject. Strong objections, however, were made by repre-sentatives of the Seventh-day Adventists, who wor-ship on the ordained Sabbath, as do the Jews. A learned rabbi also entered a powerful protest, but as the opponents are a mere handful; and the supporters of the movement are numbered by hundreds of thousands, the voice of the former may be said to have been scarcely heard. This device for a Christian Sabbath, it seems to us, is but another scheme of the powerful body of fanat-ics who are making herculean efforts to have the Constitution of the United States so amended as to recognize our Government as a Government purely Christian in its character, with Jesus Christ as the ruler of the nation. When we con-template these things, and also remember that our common schools are being assailed by the most aggressive and powerful religious sect in the land, well we may exclaim, with the immortal Washington, that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." The Jewish Times and Observer. A Word to Advertisers. FOR the four months ending January 2, 1889, the AMERICAN SENTINEL enjoyed an average weekly circulation of over 25,000 copies. Circulation for week of January 9, 27,320 copies ; for January 16, 29,870 copies ; for Janu-ary 23, 28,300 copies; for January 30, 29,645 copies ; for last week, over 30,000 copies. Advertising rates made known upon applica-tion to our branch offices-43 Bond Street, New York; 18 Post Street, San Francisco; or AMER-ICAN SENTINEL, corner Twelfth and Castro Streets, Oakland, California. Notice to Subscribers. ON account of the SENTINEL becoming a weekly, it necessitates a change of date on the address label of many of those who subscribed for monthly paper, and only expected to receive twelve 'numbers in a year. But we will send you twenty or more numbers, and let your subscription expire June 26, instead of December, 1889. Those who have just subscribed will get twice as many papers as they expected to receive; but, as the paper is now issued weekly, it necessarily shortens the time of yearly subscriptions to six months, or changes the date on your label from December to June. Subscriptions dated March, 1889, expire with this paper. Those whose subscriptions are dated April, 1889. will receive two ntore papers; so please renew at once, and thus avoid missing any number. The subscription price is now, for the weekly, $1.00 per year; or, if you will send us five new subscriptions, at $1.00 each, we will send you the weekly AMERICAN SENTINEL, one year, free. Subscriptions dated April, 1889, Will expire with the paper of February 27; those dated May, 1889, with the paper of March 13; those of June, 1889, with paper of March 27; those of Decem-ber, 1889, with the paper of June 26, 1889. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. Tnispackage contains thirteen tracts treating  upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as follows :Š PAGES. 1. Religious Legislation,  8 2. Religious Liberty,   S 3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience, . 16 4. The American Papacy,  16‚ 5. Bold and Base Avowal,   16 6. National Reform-is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,  8 8. The Salem Witchcraft,  8 9. What Think Ye of Christ?,  8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,  24 11. The Republic of Israel,  8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism  32 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurdity,..  16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far , as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious, It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMZRICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., 0Am,Arro, CAL, NO. 