AMERICAN SENTINEL. 727 Questions and Answers. BY FANNIE BOLTON. When was the Sabbath made for man? Answer the question ye who can. Hear the universe all around Answering now with terrific sound, "When the heavens and the earth were finished, then The Sabbath was made for the sons of men." Why was the Sabbath made for man? Had it a purpose? Was there a plan? Hear the angels ten thousand sing, "For a token that Christ is the Lord and King. It was set apart as an outward sign Of the rest of the soul in His love divine." How was the Sabbath made for man? Was it by blessing? Was it by ban? "It was set apart by the blessing of Him Who commands the worship of seraphim. 'Twas the day of His rest in the love divine, That all through creation's works doth shine." Who was He who this rest began? That made a Sabbath of peace for man? "It was God the Father and God the Son Who rested in joy when the work was done, And set the day of their rest apart As a sign of the joy of God in the heart." Who should keep holy the holy day? "Those who rejoice in their God alway. Those who believe in a God above Who looks on his children in tender love ; Those who can keep it as day divine, Of invisible grace an outward sign." What would its keeping be to God, If men enforced it beneath a rod? And what to him if devoid of awe, Men kept it because compelled by law? Answer that question ye who can? "An insult to heaven, a curse to man." Then shall the rest be the rest God saithŠAn outward sign of an inward faith? A jewel that's chosen to deck the soul, And not the chain of a forced control? Master orivorkman, ye are free To do the thing that God saith to thee. 1.- 1. ¨ A Compelling the Youthful Conscience. A NOTICEABLE feature of the situation which has arisen in the public schools of Boulder, Col., in connec-tion with the enforcement of the "patriotic salute," is the refusal of some of the school children to participate in the exercise because contrary to the dictates of con-science. At least five children have been suspended from the Boulder schools as the result of this effort to inculcate "patriotism." In two instances, we are informed, conscience asserted itself in the tender minds of the children in opposition to the commands of both teachers and parents. The innate  iniquity of the thing is apparent even to the conscience of childhood. In one case, upon refusal to participate in the salute, the teacher exclaimed, sharply, "Why do you not salute the flag? are you a traitor?" To which the youth re-plied : "No ; I am not a traitor, but I understand that the flag is an emblem of liberty. Now, if you use it to compel a person to do a thing he does not consider to be right, it is no longer an emblem of liberty." Another, in reply to a like question from his teacher, said : "I am will-ing to salute the flag twenty times a day; but as to re-peating the words of that salute, there is no power on earth that has any right to compel me to take that oath." These were good answers, and their force could not but be felt. A clipping from the Daily Camera (Boulder), of No-vember 9, which a friend has sent us, gives the views of one apologist for this new feature of the school exercises, and among them we note the following;Š "No; a pagan or an infidel in this enlightened age, and in this country, should not and does not get the same consideration as a Christian." This is certainly a frank expression, but it is not the sentiment which has been supposed to pervade the Ameri-can system of government. Such expressions may be only straws, but they show which way the wind is begin-ning to blow. As we have said elsewhere, we are not at all disposed to criticise the motives which lie back of the introduction of this "patriotic" feature of the school exercises. Let us have patriotism, and let us have reverence; but let it not be sought to inculcate these by measures which dis-regard sacred rights, and force chiltlren to leave the pub-lic schools in order to be true to the dictates of con-science. Such a system has its condemnation written upon its face. CAPTAIN BARKER, of the U. S. battleship "Oregon," has communicated to the secretary of the navy a general denial of the story published a few months since by the Herald and Presbyter, and which was widely copied by other journals, in the form of a letter written by a minor officer on the "Oregon" to a "minister of unquestioned standing," giving an account of certain Romish practices observed on board the "Oregon" on Good Friday, and which, the letter states, were made obligatory upon the crew. The genuineness and truth of the letter seemed at the time of its publication to rest upon the best of au-thority; but the explicit denial of Captain Barker seems at least equally entitled to credence. We certainly hope the facts are just as the "Oregon's" captain states. But the very fact that the letter was so widely cred-ited and copied by other journals affords unmistakable evidence of the extent of Rome's actual encroachments into the sphere of civil authority. Had there been noth-ing in the nature of an alliance with the government here-tofore, such a letter as the one in question would have been wholly discredited from the start. 