?ferny man" hear mg words and helieue not; !judge him not"ŠJesus Christ.' V^ 15. etkr  1L'°1f ere  t.02 -t ee  THE Sr2,. 4, EL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel) CHICAGO, JUNE 7, 1900. NUMBER 22. by invading one individual's rights to maintain the "general welfare", but the rights of all are maintained by the preservation of the rights of each. Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, by the INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION Subscription price, $1.00 B. A. SMITH, Editors 0. F'. The will of God cannot be defined by popular vote. Conscience, like any guide, must have absolute freedom or be of no use at all. The state can obey the will of God only by keeping altogether separate from religion. ..Ł at The fact that a religious institution appeals to the state for support, is itself proof positive that it has no connection with the Lord. at at The "gateway of politics" is altogether too low and narrow to serve as an entrance way for that divine kingdom which is finally to fill the whole earth. All the laws of the nations put together could not outweigh a single command of God, or absolve a sin-gle individual from one point of allegiance to God. at at The rights of the people are not preserved by the minority surrendering their rights to the majority, or at at Since all the nations of earth are declared to be but as the dust of the balance before the Lord, it should be evident to people who believe the Bible that God does not depend upon the nations for the setting up of his kingdom in the earth. Individual Rights and the General Welfare. The general welfare can never be promoted by the sacrifice of individual rights. This is contrary to a widely prevalent idea, but it is the truth. It is impos-sible to separate the general welfare from the individ-ual welfare, or individual welfare from individual rights. It is impossible to reach "the masses" without touching individuals. The individual is not touched through the masses, but the masses through individ-uals. Whatever works against the individual cannot fail to work against the masses. This is not saying that the circumstances of all individuals must be the same, or denying the necessity of certain restrictions upon individuals for the public good. It is only denying the idea that the public wel-fare may be something quite apart and essentially dif-ferent from individual welfare, so that individual rights might in some cases be utterly set aside under the plea of public necessity. The danger is that people may be "educated" to the point of accepting this idea, and thus the barrier of public sentiment be removed from the pathway of misguided zealots who would stop at nothing in their efforts to bring about certain moral reforms through which they imagine themselves di-vinely commissioned to save the nation. Rome was greatest when the individual Roman was most exalted by the privileges of Roman citizen-ship. England's greatness dated from her Magna 