136 THE ANIERIC.A.N SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 17. NEW YORK, APRIL 23, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the  SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. SAMUEL T. SPEAR, M. D., D. D., LL.D., one of the editors of -the Independent, and author of several books, is dead. Of his work on " Religion and the State," the Independent says : " This volume is the best exponent of the doctrine, which was earnestly his and ours, that Church and State should be absolutely separated, that Church property should be taxed, and that the Bible should not be required to be read in the public schools." AN attempt to pass the ten command-ments through the Common Council of Cincinnati, recently failed. It appears that in his testimony before a committee, Deacon Richard Smith, of, the Commercial Gazette, testified that he believed that the ten commandments could not be passed by the Common Council without bribery. This made some of the councilmen angry, and subsequently one of them introduced the ten commandments, and moved they be passed under the suspension of the rules. The chairman ruled the motion out of order, and so the commandments remained unpassed. A WESTERN paper complains that in the Sunday law of Pennsylvania " no exemp-tion is made in favor of those Jews and seventh-day Christians, who observe Sat-urday— as their Sabbath," and remarks that " the latter especially have been sin-gled out in several cases for prosecution or persecution." We believe that both these statements, are true, the former cer-tainly is, but the law would be better, not in kind but only in degree, if it made an exemption in favor of seventh-day Chris-tians. Such laws are wrong in principle, and exemptions are really a confession of this fact. Ł Š  THE Catholic Review is calling for the formation of a Catholic party in the United States similar to the Catholic party in Germany. In urging this, it says :Š As far as law-making is concerned, Christianity is a very dead affair in America. It is for this reason we would like to see the formation of a strictly Catholic political party, to do the legislative work which-the sects -have failed to' do. Such a party Would have no greater strength than its numbers, its careful organization, its sincerity, and its useful-ness would earn for it. . . . It could unite with any party in the enacting of Christian laws, and it certainly would arrest the rooting out of Christian-ity, a process now going on successfully. This is simply saying.  that Catholics would unite With Protestants in securing legislation favorable.  to those features of Christianity common to Romanist and Protestant alike ; that is, -these great bod-ies would, as the National Reformers long since proposed, simply join hands in re-sisting what they are pleased to call " po-litical atheism," which is simply a logical and consistent divorce of Church and State. Those who trust to the differences between papists and Protestants to pre-serve religious liberty may awake by and by to the fact that they have trusted to a broken reed. THE Colonist, of Victoria, British Co-lumbia, comes to us containing an article boldly challenging the authority of Sun-day as a sacred day, and asserting that it is not the Sabbath by divine appointment. This is one effect of the demand for more stringent Sunday laws, and one rather unlooked for by its friends. But the rais-ing of this question does not seem to dis-courage the Sunday-law advocates in the least. It is true that it is a point that will not bear too close scrutiny, but the ab-sence of divine law seems only to make them the more anxious to secure human laws; so while the demand for Sunday laws stimulates this wholesome inquiry as to.its claims, the inquiry increases the de-mand. WE have been severely criticised for the statement made some weeks ago that "the Puritans hanged, but did not burn, persons accused of witchcraft." We are, however, confident that the statement is true. A patient and careful search of the best histories to be found in the libraries of, this city has failed to reveal even a hint of any mode of execution of witches in this country, other than hanging; and we are also in receipt of a letter from the well-known writer, W. S. Nevins, of Sa-lem, Massachusetts, in which he says : "There was never a witch burned in New England." Mr. Nevins is engaged in writing a history of Salem witchcraft, and his ability as a writer, and his facil-ities for research, give assurance that this work will'be the best ever written. Lee & Shepard, Boston, will bring this book out in May, and we shall embrace the earliest opportunity to give our readers definite information concerning it. APRIL 5, Rev. H. E. Mott, of Dubuque, Iowa, delivered a sermon upon the subject, " Shall the World's Fair Be Opened on Sunday ?" " The church was crowded." says the World, "and among the congre-gation was Senator William B. Allison. The preacher took strong ground, against the opening of the Exposition on Sunday, stating that it could only accomodate the residents of Chicago who could visit the Fair as often as they desired on week days. "At the close of the' sermon Mr. Mott asked all thOse in favor of closing the Fair.  on Sunday to rise. Almost the entire con: gregation rose, but Senator Allison kept his seat. Various interpretations are put on his action, but it is generally considered that he intended to signify his opposition to the preacher's position." FIRMLY relying, ourselves, on the truths Of Christianity, and acknowledging with gratitude the solace of religion, we dis-claim the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in any wise favored, none molested or disquieted, by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that all shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who may be in authority under us that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects on pain of our highest dis-pleasure.ŠQueen Victoria. a Ł  WE have received Volume 1, Number 1, of the Quarterly Register of Current His-tory, published by the Evening News Company, of Detroit, Michigan. Its de-sign is thus stated by the publishers :Š The purpose of the Quarterly Register is the bringing together at intervals of three months, of such matter appearing in the daily newspapers as may be valuable for permanent preservation. The Quarterly Register is not a publication to be read and thrown aside, but one to be carefully preserved and periodically bound up into volumes. In this form there will be few books in the family library which will have a more direct interest to every member, as it will deal with matters familiar in every ,one's recollection. The want of some such publication has been, no doubt, widely felt. News-papers are too bulky for preservaticn, and being necessarily ill-digested, and rarely indexed, are, even when bound, almost useless for reference. The result is that recent history, while the most interesting to the generation which has participated in it, is the most difficult to find any convenient record of. Henceforth it is hoped this want will be supplied in the Quarterly Register. The design is a gOod one, and the first number promises well. The Quarterly Register is certainly well worth the sub-scription price; one dollar per year. Six cents sent to the Kindergarten, Chicago, will secure you a copy of the best magazine out, for mothers and pri-mary teachers. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of. American Institutions, the preservation of the  United States  Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and'State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, Š - - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 