50 .A.maikticAN VoL. 10, No. 7. jection to this charge of the Monitor; it has a perfect right to think as it chooses, and to say what it thinks. And so long as we simply use the Scriptures as they speak about the papacy, we can well bear the charge of abuse of the papacy, for we are in good company. Aside from the Scriptures which speak of the papacy, the only mention that we have had occasion to make of the pope has been in connection with his scheme to unite the Roman Catholic Church with the power of the United States Govern-ment, to do with this nation now as " the church " has done with other nations in the past, and so to bring Europe and all humanity once more under the power of the papacy; and in doing this we have only stated the facts as given from the pope through Catholic channels. These plain facts, however, plainly stated, set the papacy in such a wicked light in its dealings with our country that it is easy enough for Catholic papers to see in it only steady and unlimited abuse of the pope of Rome." The second, and only other occasion that we have had or used to discuss the pope was when, last year, he addressed the Princes and Peoples of Universe," and gravely informed us all that "w-[that is, himself] hold the regency of God on earth." And a mere analysis of the term " regency," as applied by the pope of Rome to God, showed the state-ment of Leo XIII. to be so absolutely blasphemous that to a believer in the thing we do not wonder that it should be termed abusive toward the pope of Rome. On that point we said : " Now, what is a regency PŠThis is what it is: A regency is the office and administration of a regent; and a regent is an administrator of a realm during the minority or incapacity of the king ; " one ,who rules or reigns, hence, one invested with vicarious author-ity; one who governs a kingdom in the minority, absence, or disability, of the sovereign.' "Now, if there are any princes or peoples in the universe who think that God is in his minority and is therefore too young, or that he is old enough but is afflicted with some disability and is consequently unable to conduct the affairs of the uni-verse; or who think that he is all right himself, but has gone off somewhere out-side of the universe; and if, in addition, those princes and peoples think that the Lord has left Joachim Pecci to run the universe during the period of his minor-ity, disability, or absence;' then of course it is to be expected that such princes or peoples will listen respectfully to what Mr. Pecci says when he addresses the princes and peoples of the universe. For, as a matter of course, if Mr. Joachim Pecci occupies the throne and conducts the affairs of the universe in the place of God, it follows plainly enough that when he speaks he speaks ,to the universe, and must be listened to accordingly. "But if any person believes that God is what he is, the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God,' then 'that personknows that it is impossible that such a thing could ever occur as his minority, absence, or disability;' that therefore it is impossible that there ever could be any such thing as a regency of God;' and that, consequently, the idea that Joachim Pecci or any other man should hold the regency of God on earth,' or anywhere else, is too ridiculous for serious consideration if it were not  supremely blasphemous. NO; Vincent Joachim Pecci'  as ' Leo XIII., Pope,' has no more right or authority to assert or claim to hold any `regency of God,' and from such position speak to the princes and peoples of the universe, than has any other Italian or any Hottentot." This is what we said as to that. And we say it yet. We have no kind of re-traction or apology to make respecting any part of it. And there is no kind of abuse in it anywhere. If this simple analysis of it seems to the Monitor to be abusive of the pope, it should not attack us. Let the Monitor turn its attention to the pope, rather than to us, on this mat-ter; for when the pope sets forth for ac-ceptance by " the universe " such claims on his own part that the mere analysis of the terms used subjects us to the charge of abuse of him, then the proper thing for the Monitor to do is to ask the pope to stop making such claims, instead of charg-ing with abuse those who simply analyze the claims. As for what the Monitor calls "the loudly dressed lady who sat on seven hills," -we have never spoken of her as a "lady." That term does not properly belong to her. It is not the term that the Lord uses in referring to her. The Scrip-ture says that she said of herself, " I shall be a lady," and that she would, be called " The lady of kingdoms; " but what the Scripture itself calls her is a term that is absolutely incompatible with any sugges-tion of a, lady. We shall not quote the scriptures which describe her, lest the Monitor and other Catholic papers should not only charge us with abuse, but worse. We shall therefore cite chapter and verse, and the Monitor and all others can read the words for themselves as the Lord has spoken them; and then let them make their charges as they choose. Here they are: Rev. 17:1-6, 15, 16; 18:2, 3; 19:2. And that the Monitor may the better be prepared to understand the application of these scriptures, we also cite the two standard and popular Roman Catholic authoritiesŠ" The Faith of Our Fathers," p. 131; and " Catholic Belief," p. 323Šboth of which say that the Babylon referred to by Peter-1 Peter 5:13Šand the early Christians, is Rome. And when the Lord says that she is a harlot herself, and " the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth," it is not abuse when we say or any-body else says that that is what she is. When the plain statements of the Word of God seem to any person to be abusive, then the only proper thing for such person to do is so to change his attitude that that Word will not seem so, but can be accepted as the exact truth. To the Scribes and Pharisees it no doubt seemed to be very great abuse when Jesus told them that they were hypocrites, whited sepulchres, serpents, and a generation of vipers. It was the truth, though, and instead of persecuting and crucifying him, it would have been far better for them to have acknowledged that it was all true, and changed their course from that of dis-obedience to that of faith. It is altogether likely that the devil would rather still be called LuciferŠLightbearerŠthan to be called SatanŠthe adversaryŠand DiabolusŠthe slanderer. It may be that he thinks the Lord is en-gaging in " steady and unlimited abuse," when he insists In continually referring to him by these titles. 'But be that as it may, it is certain that these titles define precisely what he is; and the Lord, in  constantly using these terms, is not in any sense abusing himŠhe is simply telling the truth. It is just so as between us and the pa-pacy. We have no doubt that the Cath-olic Church would much rather that we, like most other people, would always refer to her as "the true church," "a Chris-tian church," " a branch of the Christian church," "the Holy Catholic Church," etc., instead of speaking of her, as the Lord does, as "the man of sin," "the mystery of iniquity," " the son of perdi-tion," "the great harlot," "Babylon, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth," "the beast." But all these latter things are just what the Lord calls her, and he is right; in all this he simply tells the truth. The Lord is not abusing her when he constantly speaks thus of her Šhe is simply telling what she is in truth; and neither 'are we abusing her when we use the terms, and only the terms, which he uses in describing her. We do not intend to abuse the papacy nor anybody else. But we do intend to tell the truth. We do intend to proclaim the truth of God as it is in the Word of God, the truth as it is in Jesus Christ. We do intend to proclaim this truth pre-cisely as it is, whether it be concerning the papacyŠthe beastŠor whether it be concerning apostate ProtestantismŠthe image of the beast. If this truthŠthe truth of GodŠshould seem to any one to be abusive, let him change his attitude toward the truth, and then it will cease to appear to be abuse. The change must be in him, for the truth of God cannot change nor be changed. The rest of the Monitor's complaint we must postpone to other numbers. This much was necessary to be noticed, not only upon the merits of the case, but also to "clear the decks" for all our future action. "What's in a Name?" IN view of the recent massacre at Port Arthur, it seems strange to read in one of the most influential religious, papers of this city, the statement that "the civiliza-tion which Japan has accepted is wholly the product of Christianity;" and again, that in a few years, "we have seen old prejudices dissolved, old civilization utterly discarded, and Christian civilization adopted in its place." But we may not understand just what is meant by "Chris-tain civilization." Certainly the massacre at Port Arthur was as far from being Christian as anything could be, and it was equally foreign to what civilization bear-ing the name Christian should be. How-ever, if we condemn the civilization of Japan, we likewise condemn the Łciviliza-tion of Europe; for have not European soldiers committed just as grave offenses against civilization? Even as recently as the British occupation of Matabeleland, the atrocities committed by the soldiers of the British South African Company were scarcely less disgraceful than was the Port Arthur massacre; though we believe that actual prisoners were not Ł mun: er d, and probably women and childrc were4' not ruthlessly killed. But the s: galled  war was little more than a slaw "hter of helpless people. The following Ines re-cently written by Robert Buchotian, the Scottish poet, aptly describe alike the slaughter of that campaign and the motive 