nday Closfng Justifies the Saloon. ttE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 27 ^-- eery edUcation is for the 'safety of the State;  and therefore whether it is right. The statement of the Queen of Great &Rain raises another question in connec-tion with this. That statement shows that heaVy, if not unbearable burdens, haye been laid upon the poor by the com-ptilsory system of education, which it be-coMes necessary for the State to relieve. Why then shoUld the State burden the poor, or in fact any portion of its citizens, in order to create a condition of society which the Emperor of Germany declares is =more ,than the nation. can bear, and whibh nOnstitutes a distinct danger to society itself ? It would be well for the Aineriean people to consider these things before they give themselves too, much. to the principle of compulsory education. A.. T. J. QUITE an active canvass was 'conducted m'California on the Sunday question dur-ing most of the past year. In Oakland there was a strong Sunday-closing caro- 1 pAign: During the polidcal struggle the Sunday-Yaw workers did their best to get the candidateS of the regular parties to pledge themselves to favor Sunday laws in the Legislature in return for votes. A Sunday-,  closing crusade was also con-dizoted. in 1,6s Angeles.Some items upon the methods employed' in the latter place will be given later. Here we wish to call :attention to the memorial which a National :Reformer, with the aid' of the Central oinan's Christian TeMperance Union, circulated for' signatures, and presented to the City Council of Oakland. It was as .follows We, citizens of Oakland, respectfully ask you to paSs an ordinance requiring all the saloons to be closed him six o'clock Saturday evening until six O'Cloolt Nienday morning. Bedause, 1. Open saloons are not needed on the weekly rest-day. 2. Saigon-keepers as well as others need the rest and the OPportunities which"the day affOrds. 3. 'opeh StindaY saloons are schools of vice and temptation to young men. 4. They are disturbers of the peace, and they lead to debauchery and crime. If closed on Sunday, our Monday morning police courts would not be so crowded With drUnkards and criminals. 6. Many industrious laborers; husbands and fa-thers, Spend in these Sunday Saloons much of their earnings of the previous week. Thus, such saloons are robbers of poor families. 4. As it is now lawful and practicable to close the saloon's on election days; much more should it be done on'Our weekly rest-day. 7. It would do wrong to none, but good to all classeS; and multitudes of the best citizens would be grateful to the Council. Every argument in that memorial justi-fies the saloon on every day of the week but SUnday. The first proposition, that open saloons are "not needed" on' the weekly rest-day, grants that they may be, if they are not actually, needed on other, days of the week. The second one, that saloOn-keepers as well as others need the rest and. opportunitieS Whioh the day  affords, argues that saloon-keeping is a worthy business,Š so entirely worthy, in fact, that saloon-keepers should have a regularly recurring rest-day to recuperate their wasted energies, so that they can carry on their work the other six days with more vigor and to the very best pur-pose. No stronger argument could be made in favor of the saloons and the saloon business on every day of the week but Sunday than is made in this statement by that portion of the National Reform Association, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Number 3, in saying that Sunday saloons are schools of vice and temptation to young men, argues that the saloons at other times are not such. Number 4 is to the same effect, and Number 5 emphasizes this ar-gument. Note, it says that many indus-trious laborers, husbands and fathers, spend in these Sunday saloons much of their earnings of the previous week, and then declares that "such saloons are rob-bers of poor families " By this they dis-tinctly and emphatically single out the Sunday saloon from every other kind of saloon, and then say that such saloons as that are robbers of poor families. Without an open and positive defense of the saloon and all that it implies, it would be impossible to present a stronger justifi-cation of it at all times except Sunday than is presented in this memorial. The non-partisan Woman's Christian Temperance Union not only did wisely, but showed itself loyal to the principle of temperance, when, it refused to take any part in the question of Sunday closing. Because the real issue, as they stated it, is not in the interests of temperance, but in behalf of Sunday only. A. T. J. Cut. Their Own Throats. THE American Sabbath Union is pub-lishing a series of small tracts, called " The Pearl of Days Leaflets." The title of No. 3, is, " Saturday or SundayŠWhich ?" It was written by the Rev. George S. Mott, D. D., Flemington, New Jersey, Vice-President of the Union, and is entirely official. We will not consume time and space in replying to the argu-ments, which present nothing new, and which have been frequently refuted. for many years, but will merely notice two points in their relation to Sunday legisla-tion. 1. On page 3 of the leaflet, Mr. Mott says, " The original idea of a Sabbath is one holy day in seven, i. e., one seventh of time." And again, on page 4, " God designed that time should be divided into clusters of seven daysŠsix days for work, and one for rest and worship--and whether that one day be the first of the cluster or the last is in itself immaterial." Now, the question is, if it is " immaterial " what day of the week is kept, why was the American Sabbath Union organized to  secure laws compelling every one to keep Sunday ? If God. does not require the ob- servance of a definite day, then these men are exalting themselves " above all that is called God, or that is worshiped;" for, while they affirm that God requires only one-seventh of time, without regard to any particular day, they do intend to com-pel people by law to keep a definite day, namely, Sunday.' It is time that professed Christians withdrew their support from an organization which openly avows its determination to go beyond the Almighty. 2. The following is found on pages 4 and 5:Š Indeed, it is a terrestrial impossibility to restrict the observance of the Sabbath within any specified twenty-four hours. When it is Sunday morning in Berlin, and people are going to early service, New Yorkers are shopping on Saturday evening. When thousands in America are at church Sunday noon, it is midnight in China. Years ago, English mis-sionaries who went to the South Sea Islands failed to allow for the variation of time, and in conse-quence Saturday was observed by them as Sunday. And years passed before the error was discovered. And under similar circumstances now, the Sabbata-rians would find themselves observing Sunday. We therefore assert that the assumption, to which so great importance is attached, that the law of the Sabbath stands or falls with a particular dayŠviz. the seventhŠis not tenable. If the world is so round that it is an " impossibility " to keep " a particular day," and to keep the same day in differ-ent places, why does the American Sab-bath Union undertake to compel people by law to do an impossible thing ? They want to compel all the people to keep Sunday when they themselves assert that it is impossible. The difference in time between New York and Berlin is less than six hours, yet the American Sabbath Un-ion claims that it is impossible to observe the same day in both places. We wish now to call their attention to a fact which seems to have been overlooked by them, namely, that the whole of the United States is not located on a single meridian of longitude. Between the eastern and western limits of the United States a difference in time exists of about three hours and forty-eight minutes. If, then, on account of the difference in time, it is impossible to keep the same day in New York that is observed in Berlin, by a like argument it is impossible to observe the same day in San Francisco that is ob-served in New York. We suspect this is why the American Sabbath Union is hav-ing such trouble with California. They are trying to get the people of that State to enact a law that will compel them to observe the same day that they do in New York, namely, Sunday, and the Califor-nians are wise enough to see that this would be impossible. Mr. Crafts and the others who have been trying to work up Sunday-law senti-ment in California do not seem to under-stand this. We hope they will read some of their own literature, especially this leaflet by Dr. Molt, and then they will be 