APRIL 20, 1803, A,_MtlhALCILC.A..N 11\1 123 Sac. 3. That the compensation of said office be $2,000 per annum Site. 4. That the chaplain shall have charge of the religious exercises of each and all of the above-named institutions, and shall hold services in each of them, from time to time, as he may arrange; shall invite volunteer effort from the clergy and laity of the District and elsewhere; shall attend the funeral services from these institutions, unless the same shall be other-wise provided for by friends; shall inquire into the history of the inmates, and shall extend to persons discharged from said institutions, and residing in the District of Columbia, such ounsel and aid as may be consistent with his other duties. He shall keep such records as shall enable him to report to the President, for the use of Congress, facts bearing upon the reli-gious and moral condition of the inmates of these several insti-tutions, and shall report annually in October. Sac. 5. That the officers and those having control of the aforesaid institutions shall render said chaplain all aid and in-formation in their power to enable him to pursue his work. He shall have access at all reasonable hours to all inmates, and to records regarding them. Sic. 6. That nothing in this act shall be construed to pre-vent any inmate from receiving religious instruction from the teacher of his choice. These bills in reference to chaplaincies in the army, navy, etc., have been sown broadcast in every Congress, and it is now natural that in the early spring-time of State religion in this country some should begin to germinate. Of course it is logical and consistent with the existence of a State religion, promoted by Congress, that Congress should pass just such bills as this. It is a sad commentary, however, on the performance of duty by the minis-ters and professed Christian people of the District of Columbia that there should be any opportunity for the services of a prison chaplain. The Doctors Dislike Their Own Medicine. THE would be religio-political doctors of the Nation's "moral cancer" have of late had a little taste of their own medicine, and their apparent discomfiture calls viv-idly to mind the wry faces and protesta-tions incident to our grandmother's bone-set tea. Let us see. What they have clamored for as a remedy for the "existing evil" is governmental recognition of GodŠpracti-cally of their religion. Well, they have it. The highest authority in the land has decided in so many words that this is a " Christian Nation," which is equivalent to saying that the Christian religion is the true religion, and that all others are spu-rious, all of which we believe to be true, but which no civil government has any business to say. Then to show its author-ity, at the behest of the Church, it has officially recognized a religious rest-day, which in turn is equivalent to saying that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that no other day is, which is false, for Sunday, the first day of the week, is not the Bible Sabbath, and Saturday, the seventh day, is. But in our land there are two bodies of religionists claiming to be Christian, yet whose fundamental principles are diamet-rically opposed to each other; we mean Protestants and Catholics. Nevertheless, these both claim to be Christians, and as this is now a " Christian Nation," it must of course recognize all Christians, and so it did at the late dedicatory services of the World's Fair. But in this recognition it so happened that the " uppermost seats " were accorded to the Catholics, and now the buried "hatchet " is resurrected, and the " battle of the creeds " begins. Minis-ters in various parts of the country, par-ticularly those who have been the most urgent in their demands for governmental recognition of religion, have loudly pro-tested against this encroachment of the Catholics, and publicly passed resolutions of boycott of the exercises if the Catholics were allowed such prominent places. And by the way, this boycott plan seems to be a favorite one with the ministers nowa- days, and its influence is felt and seen even in the halls of our national Congress. A bitter enmity is thus evidently being engendered, and if we are to judge from the spirit of the " cross-firing " that is car-ried on even in the secular papers, partic-ularly of Chicago, the seat of war, we know that it is intense. With this feel-ing there can never be harmony, and the very next thing that must be done, and which, in the logical order of events and in perfect keeping with the decision of the Supreme Court, is bound to come, is an official decision as to which one of these two divisions of Christianity is the true one. And this is just as sure and certain to come, as that Constantine when in the fourth century he adopted Christianity as the religion of the empire, was afterward compelled to decide which of the contend-ing factions was the " legitimate and most holy Roman Catholic Church." And we are fast hastening to that event-ful day. Public sentiment is ripening for just this very action. Congressmen now consider it "wise statemanship " to listen to the voice of the Church, and even vote contrary to their convictions, knowing full well to do otherwise means political death. The Church, on the other hand, is boasting that " we can have just what we ask for," and it looks as though they could. Whither are we drifting ? The answer is found in the 13th and 14th chapters of Revelation. Every one who reads and understands these can know if he will; and every one can likewise know and un-derstand for himself what is his individ-ual duty for this time. W. E. CORNELL. In Gear. " WHAT we need most," says L. A. Maynard, managing editor of the Chris-tian at Work, in an address delivered Feb. 13, 1893, and as reported in the Chris-tian Statesman of March 4, ."is to gear our Christianity on to the wheels of our political machines." And when they are thus geared they will be one and the same machineŠworking together for a certain purpose. That that is the design we quote Mr. Maynard's words further : " As it is, we are trying to run the two separ-ately. We keep our religion for our homes and churches and let the devil and Tammany Hall run our politics." Here we have the operators of the two ma-chines specified. Put them in gear and what a combination we would have. What kind of a machine would the " devil and Tammany Hall " run anyhow ? Now gear Christianity on that and what have you got ? Of course if they are in gear they will run in harmony with one an-other, but which will turn the crank of the new religio-political machine ? The Christians with politicians' garb, or the politicians covered with the professed mantle of Christianity ? Whichever way you put it, it is a case of gearing produc-tive only of injury to both machines. It strips Christianity of its sacredness and clothes it in place thereof with the gar-ments of earth. It covers, on the other hand, naked iniquity with the robes of hypocrisy. But professed Christianity seems to have run wild of late in its frantic efforts to get in gear with " our political machines " run by " the devil and Tammany Hall." And their efforts have been successful. They have geared " our Christianity on to  the wheels of our political machines " both in the national and State govern-ments. The Supreme Court of the United States put the machines in gear Feb. 29, 1892, when it declared this to be a "Chris-tian Nation." And the churches turned the crank so effectually that they led the Congress of the United States off on an effort to compel the citizens of this " Chris-tian Nation" and of other "Christian na-tions " to stay away from the World's Fair on the so-called " Christian Sab-bath" by offering a 82,500,000 bribe to the World's Fair Commissioners to exhibit the " American Sabbath " by closing the gates on " the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday." But this is not the only thing that will result from this gearing. Just such a scheme has been tried before. The Church in the early centuries of this era put itself in gear with the political machines of that time, and the combination produced that which has been a curse to all ages since Šthe Papacy. This was, and is, a system in which the Church claims the right to use the arm of civil government to en-force her dogmas upon all. Like causes produce like results. This modern gear-ing produces an image of the Papacy. And again the world is to see the evil of this system of gearing. Again will the effort be made to coerce the consciences of men. The machines are in gear. H. V. ADAMS. National Reformers in Ireland. IT may be of interest to the readers of the SENTINEL to know that the peculiar mania of religious intolerance is not con-fined to the United States. We have just had in this city of Belfast the annual meeting of the so-called Lord's Day Ob-servance Society, and many things were said clearly showing the trend of religious thought. Here the National Reformer appears in his true character and comes out plainly, being in blissful ignorance of any such thing as the " civil Sabbath." Archdeacon Seaver in addressing the meet-ing said that their object was not a hu-manitarian but a religious one. Their desire was to enforce the observance of God's day. It was a holy day and should be kept holy, and the only way to do that was to go to God's holy house. From this plain statement it seems that the ultimate object of these " reformers " is to compel men to go to church on Sunday and to worship God. This, of course, would mean the establishment of a religious despotism as great as Rome or the Pur-itans ever had. The archdeacon then went on to state that their work was also in the interests, of what he termed "the poor workingman." If it was, the "poor workingman" did not appreciate it in the least, for not a single workingman was present although the meeting was well advertised and held at noon. One man only had somewhat the appearance of a mechanic, and when the vote was put he bellowed forth a " No " that would have done justice to stage thunder. The majority were clergy-men, sleek, fat, well dressed and high-toned preachers, and everything said showed that the whole movement was in the interests of " clericalism" and nothing else. The insincerity of this plea was further shown by the strong expressions used to denounce the pleasure parties, excursions, dinner parties, etc., of the working classes. One reverend gentleman 