794 AMERICAN SENTINEL. freely admitted that he did advance that claim, and yet Pilate pronOunced him to be wholly innocent, which he could not have done except on the understanding that his dominion was exclusively spiritual;  The accusation by, the priests was, "We ,found, this fellow perverting the nation, and forbidding to give tri-bute, to Caesar,, saying that he himself is Christ a king." The answer of Jesus is "My kingdom is not of this world; I claim no tribute, and I forbid no tribute to Caesar." Their charge was, "He stirreth up the people, teaching throughout all Jewry." His answer was, "My kingdom is not of this world. I,raise no armies to, maintain my rights." Their allegation was, "Whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Cwsar." His, answer was, "My kingdom is not of this world, and therefore I can be no enemy to the reign of Caesar." If the kingdom of Christ were to be maintained by taxation and by force, like all secular powers, then his throne must subvert that of Cmsar; and therefore, when he satisfied Pilate that he was no enemy of Caesar, by asserting that his kingdom was not of this world, it is plain that it should not be maintained by taxation and by force. Further, Pilate understood our Lord to mean that his kingdom would never be so maintained; for if our Lord had said, My kingdom is not now of this world, not now maintaided by taxation and by force, Pilate would ;at oncehave seen that it might shortlybe strong enough to become a secular kingdom, maintained by force. And as it would then subvert the throne of Caesar, he would have felt bound to condemn our Lord. To defend himSelf from the charge of rivalry to the Roman emperor, it was necessary to inform Pilate that his dominion would be so entirely spiritual that it never could interfere with the rights of the emperor. And of this he did convince Pilate by saying, "My kingdom is not of this world." This was therefore the legitimate meaning of his words; and in them he has solemnly taught us, that his dominion is entirely and forever dis-tinct from secular dominion; that he rules over men's hearts and consciences; that he will ever establish and maintain his rule without the aid of the tax-gatherer and the soldier; that he employ's no coercion, and will never resort to military force. CARDINAL GIBBONS has written a letter in which he says the trouble with the negroes which causes the race conflicts is this:Š "The education they are generally receiving is calcu-lated to sharpen their mental faculties at the expense of their relkious and moral sense. It feeds the head while the heart is starved." Will he not now tell us what is the trouble with the education of the Filipinos who have been killing and tor-turing the friars?ŠN. Y. Independent. The Holy Spirit aid Sunday.ŠNo. 17. BY C. H. KESLAKE. WE must now 'ask the reader to' recall a few points set forth in previous artieles, that he may be able to grasp more readily the present situation existing in the religious world. Going back to the time of the Reformation, we found that the principle for which the Protestants contended was that the Bible is the only true rule in faith and mor-als, while up to that time it, had been taught by the Catholic Church that the Bible and, traditionŠwith tra-dition the more clear and safe authority, was the rule. We also found that when the Catholic Council of Trent met it ,was for the purpose of meeting the "errors" of the Reformers. In doing this the question of tradition had to be decided. Should the council define that tradition was not a part of the revelation of God, and of equal value with the Bible, it would be at once to acknowledge that the Protestants were right. And in that case every doctrine based upon tradition would have to be thrown out. In fact, it would have meant the collapse of the Catholic Church. But such an acknowledgment, it was decided, must not be made: the "heretics" must be con-founded. But how should it be done? The way out was finally found. Notwithstanding the Protestants had contended that the Bible should be recognized as the only rule in faith and morals, they, later at the Council of Augsburg, con-ceded that Sunday should be observed, and, too, that it existed solely by the authority of the Catholic Church. This was at once to concede the Catholic principle of tradition and to deny the Protestant principle of the "Bible only." This the Council of Trent saw, and seeing it, was quick to use it. Hence, Sunday was recog-nized as the pillar of tradition, while in turn tradition was necessary to the existence of the Catholic Church. And that being so, anyone can see that Sunday is the very foundationŠthe pillar of the Catholic Church. And all this meant a triumph for the Catholic Church. Now as Sunday was the vital point between true Protestantism and Roman Catholicism, and as ProtesŁ tantism at that time missed this very point, it was log-ically necessary that the whole question of Protestant-ism as against Catholicism must come up again, with Sunday as the issue. And we found, too, that the United States was the most favorable place for it to, come up. In our study of the symbols of Rev. 13, we have found that the two-horned beast is a symbol of the United States, and that consequently this country is to enforce the mark of the papacy, which we have seen is the Sunday. And further, it has been pointed out that the movement having in view the enforcing of Sunday is now on foot, and is making rapid progress. The reader will pardon us for making such a lengthy review, but the points herein set forth are too important to be lightly passed by, and they now serve to impress 