AMERICAN SENTINEL. 173 Charlie, what a glorious rest we experience in more fully comprehending the power of him who has loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood and hath made us kings and priests unto God!" "0, mama, it is really beautiful. There is plenty of power behind the true Sabbath, and I can see it would never be necessary for the state to back it up with its puny force." "That is so, my boy. It is the utter weakness of Sun-day, for which there can be found no 'Thus saith the Lord' that sends men to the state for its enforcement. "Nowfor your first question. Why have we notfound the Sabbath before? Please turn to Dan. 7:25, oncemore. How long were the saints, the law, and the times to be given into the hands of the papacy?" "'Until a time, times, and the dividing of times,' " read Charlie. "Yes; but, mama, that's all Greek to me." "It was to me until I patiently studied the Scriptures. Please keep your place in Daniel and turn to Rev. 12:14. Here the symbol of a pure woman is taken to represent the pure church. How long was she to flee from the force of persecution?" Charlie read, "And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle that she might fly into the wilder-ness into her place where she is nourished for a time, times and half a time from the face of the serpent.' "How long was she to flee?" "For a time, times, and a half a time." "Very well, that is exactly the time spoken of in Dan-iel when the papacy was to wear out the saints, and to think to change God's law and Sabbath. Now read the sixth verse, and see what this time, times, and half a time is equivalent to." " 'And the woman fled into the wilderness where she hath a place prepared of God, that they should feed her there, a thousand two hundred and threescore days."' "Now do you see, Charlie, how a time, times, and di-viding of time is interpreted?" "Yes it is clear enough. But I can't see yet how it explains the fact that we are ignorant to-day. Why, 1,260 days wouldn't be very long for the papacy to keep us ignorant." "That's so, Charlie. I forgot that you did not know that each day represents a year. You may find this for yourself after we are through with our study by compar-ing Eze. 4:6 and Num. 14:34." "So really then this period of time, times and dividŁ ing of time covers 1,260 years?" "Yes, dear. This is not a new interpretation. Adam Clark and other accepted commentators take the same position. But we need nothing but the Bible truth." "Well now, mama, when did this time begin?" "Do you not remember when the tiara was given to the bishop of the church of Rome?" "Yes; in 538 A. D." "Now, reckoning from that time 1,260 years, we are brought down to 1798, when the pope was taken pris- oner by Bert,hier, a French general sent to over-throw the papal power. The pope was brought to France and died in exile. Since then the pope has been called the 'prisoner of the Vatican,' and these great truths have been coming to light. Persecution has not generally troubled the world since then. The law and the Sabbath are coming out of his hand, and we are receiving advance light. 0 Charlie, let us no longer look on the Dark Ages side of this question. The Light of the world seems walk-ing just before us, saying, `If any man will come after me, let him deny himself (self), and take up his cross and follow me.' " "Yes, mama. How sweet it seems to think we are getting rays of light from Jesus, and there is another verse that does me good; for if we follow him then this will come true, too, 'That where I am, there ye niay be also.' F. B. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. TO 077R PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other ir,dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, 46 Six months, 46 Three " $1.00. .55 - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 