80 AMERICAN SENTINEL. FIGHTING AGAINST GOD Is the title of a sixteen-page tract just issued as No. 41 of the Library PICTURE, POETRY, and PROSE yitieoinin  P.74:g  Zise principles oftian ,7 FINE HALF-TONE ILLUSTRATIONS 7 oe The pages shown below are reduced facsimiles of pages 6 and 7 of this tract FIGHTING AGAINST GOD. Religious Liberty In which Wilt thou rally thy legions to battle: And march on the City of Light, Whence angels excelling in power Were hurled to the regions of night? Wilt thou compass the city eternal, Its towers and battlements raze, And train thy batteries brazen On the-throne of the Ancient of Days? CAN NATIONS CONTEND WITH GOD? "AT his wrath the earth shall tienible, and the nations shall not be able to abide his indignation." 5- For a nation to compel a subject to disobey the laws of a foreign nation, when it knows it is powerless to protect him in so doing, is -but to murder its citizen in Cold blood, and merit international contempt. Will the government attempt to protect its citizens against the wrath of an offended God ? Will it declare war on the King of kings ? Can it marshal its hosts and hurl its serried columns against the Eternal City ? "WE OUGHT TO OBEY GOD RATHER THAN' MEN." "WHEN they went from nation to nation, and from one kingdom to another people ; he suffered no man to do them wrong: . . . saying,. Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm." 7  If God had intended that his children should submit to governments in matters of conscience, he Would not have protected Daniel in the lions' den, the three Hebrews in the fiery furnace, nor have delivered Peter and John, Paul and Silas; from their prison cells, where they were placed for disobeying human enactments. GOD AND THE POWERS THAT BE. "RENDixt therefore unto Cmsar the things that are Ctesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." God hag ordained that governments should exist among men. To these governments he has commanded his people Łto render tribute, honor; and respect. lie has commanded them to be obedient to every ordinance of man, not for fear of punishment, but for the Lord's sake. So long as a govern- ment enforces ordinances of men, such laws only as are necessary for the, protection of men in the enjoyment of their equal, natural rights,Š they will not come in conflict with the Christian. sJer. 10: 10. 6  Acts 5 : 29. 1 Cbron. 16 : 20-22. 'Matt. : 21 Something Neat New and Novel Price 3c each Printed on highly-finished paper Its attractiveness will insure perusal by the Most prejudiced or indifferent reader Ilattal discounts in quantities Address, Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York. Kansas City, Mo, Oakland, Cal. O you want to read what the Babylonians themselves said about the con= fusion of tongues, and the stopping of the work, at the Tower 'of Babel? Get the new book entitled " Empires of the Bible," turn to page 4, and you Will have it in their own words. Only $1.50, 410 pages, 6x9 1=2 inches in size..  