THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 299 as well furnished as the State militia. Every Sun-day they march into their Bible class to receive religious instruction, and are under strict military discipline. Every boy pledges himself to attend the weekly drill and Bible class. If he is willfully absent two consecutive weeks without reasonable excuse, he is dishonorably discharged from the company. Boys are appointed to the offices for proficiency in drill and in Bible lessons. Each boy furnishes his own uniforn, costing about five dol-lars. If a boy is unable to do this, the church will provide him one. The guns are owned by the church. Only boys who attend this church or who have no other church connection are admitted. Great care will be taken not to encroach upon other denominations. With these qualifications the company is open to any boy between the ages of twelve and twenty-one. To buy the guns and provide for incidental ex-penses we shall need two hundred and fifty dollars. Next Sunday we shall take a collection for this purpose, and we are confident you will contribute the amount needed. This is not a new experiment and can not fail, if wisely managed, because it is founded on the ineradicable instincts of a boy's nature. Certainly it can not fail in stimulating and developing the natural instincts of the human heart. It is an easy matter to teach boys to love applause and to labor for it; but it is quite another thing to teach them to " be kindly affectioned one to another with brotherly love; in honor preferrinc,  one another."Nevertheless that is the lesson that Christ would have all both old and young to learn; and it is the lesson that the Church should teach. As a means of cultivating pride, the Boys' Brigade is doubtless a marked success; as a means of grace, it must ever be a dismal failure. Limits of Obedience to Civil Govern- ment. OBEDIENCE is to be rendered to all hu-man governments, in subbordination to the will of God. These governments are a recognized necessity in the nature of the case, and their existence is manifestly in accordance with the divine will. Hence the presumption is always in favor of the authority of civil law ; and any refusal to obey, must be based on the moral proof that obedience will be sin. The one who proposes to disregard human law, must be persuaded in his own mind that, in that course, he will meet the approval of God. It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle of benevolence, is supreme, and that, " we ought to obey God, rather than men," in any case of conflict between human law and the divine. There are cases so clear that no one can question the duty to refuse obedience. In all times and in all lands such cases have arisen. In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible; to dis-obey the law, and resist the government in its attempt to execute it, or to disobey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first is revolutionary, and can be justified only when the case is flagrant, and affects such numbers that a revolutionary movement will be sustained. Sometimes a decided attitude, on the part of a large number, in opposition to a wicked law, will set the law aside, and make it inoperative. Such a movement is as justifiable as any revo-lution. But these cases are rare. The second course will, in general, commend itself to considerate and conscientious men. It is a testimony against the law as unrighteouS, and, at the same time, a recognition of government as a grave in-terest. It is often urged that the right of pri-vate judgment, as now maintained, in reference to obedience to the laws of the  land, will subvert government, and intro-duce confusion and anarchy. . . . The danger, however, is greatly over-esti-mated. Government is never the gainer in the execution of a law that is mani-festly unjust. . . . Conscientious men are not the enemies, but the friends, of any government but a tyranny. They are its strength, and not its weakness. Daniel, in Babylon, praying, sontrary to the law, was the true friend and supporter of the government; while those who, in their pretended zeal for the law and the constitution, would strike down the good man, were its real enemies. It is only when government transcends its sphere, that it comes in conflict with the con-sciences of men. But it is objected that the example is corrupting, that a bad man will violate a good law, because the good man refuses to obey a wicked law. The cases are just as unlike as right and wrong, and any at-tempt to justify the one by the other, is gross dishonesty. Unquestionably, the principle can be abused by the wicked, and so can any truth, whatever, but the principle of unquestioning obedience to human law, is false, and needs no perver-sion to make it mischievous. Practically, the cases are few, in well-established gov-ernments, where the law encroaches upon the rights of conscience; but if the princi-ple be surrendered, the cases will multi-ply. . . . The most grievous of all imperfections in government, is the fail-ure to secure the just and good result. Injustice and oppression are not made tolerable, by being in strict accordance with the law. Nothing is surer, in the end, than the reaction of such wrong to break down the most perfectly constituted government.ŠFairchild's Moral Philos-ophy, pp. 178-186. The Sunday QuestionŠAn Historical Survey, [The following article from the Christliche Welt, Leipzig, for which we are, however, indebted to the Literary Digest, shows plainly that the claim that Sunday is the Sabbath by divine authority, is fraudulent. It is for this reason that we publish it. We are not in sympathy with the idea that the original Sabbath was ever abrogated by its Au-thor.] As far as we can now learn, the Sunday is a creation of Gentile Chris- tianity. . . Certain it is, however, that the Jewish observance of the Sabbath exercised a material influence on the in-troduction of the first day of the week in the Christian Church. This is all the more certain because there existed few, if any, congregations composed en-tirely of Gentile Christians. But of a transference to Sunday of the ideas asso-ciated with the Jewish Sabbath, no men-' tion or hint is given in the entire Chris-tian literature of the times. . . . Ac-cordingly, too, there are no signs to show that the early Christians modeled their Sunday observance after the methods and manners of the Jewish Sabbath observ-ance. The conception of Sunday was not so much as a day of rest, but rather as a joyful remembrance of the resurrec-tion of the Lord, as a sacred day of wor-ship and praise (Kultustag), as a day for the assembling of the congregation. In early post-apostolic times, and in the age of the old Catholic Church, no material changes were made in this re-gard, Nearly all the Christian authors of this age emphasize the difference and distinction between the Christian Sunday and the Jewish Sabbath. In all the first film centuries of the Christian Church there is not a single Christian author who regards the Christian Sunday as a con-tinuation of the Jewish Sabbath, or de-clares the former to be a divine ordinance. The data on this point are found in Zahn's Geschichte des Sonntags vornehmlich in der alien Kirche, Hanover, 1878. Occa-sionally, the writers of this period con-trast the two days, but this is always done only to emphasize the difference between them. In the Old Testament command to observe the Sabbath, which in its lit-eral application referred to the Jews as a nation, the Patristic writers recognized a deeper principle of eternal application, namely, the withdrawal from self-work and from sin, for the purpose of serving the Lord in his sanctuary. This moral behest, however, was accepted as appli-cable not only to one time or place, but as valid for the entire life. Understood in this sense, the Sabbath command finds illfs fulfillment neither in the Jewish Sabbath nor in the Christian Sunday. The mot al principle in the Sabbath command was thus recognized, by the early Christians, but not its legal features. As the true motives for the observance of the Lord's day they assign, not the Sabbath of the Jews, but the resurrection of the Lord. It is this great event that gives this day its joyful sanctity. When Christianity became the State Church in the days of Constantine the Great, a material change took place in motives of Sunday observance. As now organized the Church became also a great political power. This made it all the more natural for the Jewish hierarchical system to look to Old Testament models and methods, especially in exercising its power. In the doctrine of Sunday there was indeed little or no change for three centuries, yet the practice of the Church began to degenerate to a legalistic stage. The famous edict of Constantine on the,  Sunday question was issued on March 7th, 321. By this document the Christian Sunday became the legal holiday of the empire; at any rate its observance as a day of rest is made obligatory. But nothing is more noteworthy in this re-script than the fact that Constantine in this writing does not with a single word appeal to the Old Testament Sabbath law.-It is true that in this innovation of the.  Emperor, the prime motive was of a po-litical character; but the character.  and contents of the document are significant as to the idea of the Sunday then current. From this time on, Emperor and Synods began to issue legal ordinances for the observance of Sunday, but never because of the Sabbath command of the Old Tes-tament. Political interests and public morals were the controlling factors in these measures. The legal observance of the Sunday on the basis of the Decalogue first begins to appear in the Western Church in the times of Gregory II. In connection with this is the other phenomenon that the em-phasis in the observance of the Lord's day is no longer sought in the worship and praise of the Christian people, but in strict and stringent abstinence from man-ual labor. The great dogmatician of the Middle Ages, Thomas Aquinas, gave the scientifico-theological formula to the dog-ma in this view. The law became an edict of the Church as well as of God, and a test of the obedience of the Chris-tians, which obedience was their prime 