156 TAB AMERICAN" SENVIEL. Under the tutelage of political religion, religious repeating has achieved a multi-plicity of voting to a fraction of which not even the wildest imagination of the ward heeler could ever have attained. It is no wonder that it has attracted some attention. The Washington Post has been giving a little study to these petitions, and states the result in an editorial para-graph, in its issue of May 5 :Š In their efforts to close the World's Fair on Sun-days, the good people who are so careful of other people's morals seem to have temporarily forgotten their own. They have been working the various States with petitions, and getting signatures with a zeal that is literally appalling. The Michigan petition has just reached the Chicago managers, and upon examination is found to represent 800,000 more peo-ple than the last census discovered in the State. The inference is that the propaganda, so far as Michigan is concerned, at least, includes not only the grown folks, but the babies, the yellow dogs, the wolves, and the catfish. There is no other way to account for the size of that petition. A similar growth is indicated in Ohio, and per-haps in other States. But the feature of real inter-est is the astonishing disclosure of ardor on the part of persons who constitute themselves guard-ians of their neighbors' consciences. It suggests a great many ideas which we can not fully catalogue in the limited space at the disposal of a daily news-paper. It occurs to us to inquire, however, whether it be worse in morals to look at an industrial ex-hibit on Sunday than to concoct and utter false-hoods during the week ? According to this record the percentage of the standing of Michigan as a " Chris-tian State " on the books of the Sabbath Union and National Reform Association must be 1004--, that is about 800,000 plus. This second exposure of fraudulent peti-tioning forever invalidates any claim to respect which the petitions of these or-ganizations might otherwise have had, from Congress or from the country. W. H. 1VI. In the Same " Wretched Company." THE advocates of Sunday laws have been guilty of classing the Christian body of believers known as Seventh-day Ad-ventists with saloonists, gamblers, and generally disreputable people, because they, as well as some of these latter classes, have opposed Sunday legislation, though for very different reasons. Their object in doing so has been to cast an unjust re-flection upon 'a people who religiously and conscientiously oppose that which they believe ever has resulted and always will result in evilŠreligious legislation. One of these Sunday law advocates, Rev. W. F. Ware, Field. Secretary for the American Sabbath Union for Michigan, who has of late been casting considerable of this sort of reflection upon this people, was recently quite roundly reprimanded for his course by an editor of a secular paper (the Allegan, Michigan, Journal), upon which he offered the following apol-ogy in his paper, the Michigan Sabbath Watchman, for April :Š In moral character the Seventh-day Adventists deserve and have our respect, and morally they do not deserve to be placed with the foregoing classes. It would be a piece of rank injustice to do soŠa downright outrage. But for all thisŠfor all that morally they do not deserve to be placed with these classesŠthis representative of the American Sabbath Union persists in doing them this moral injustice. Continuing in his paper he says:Š But we did say, and still affirm, that the Seventh-day Adventists-are among the organic foes of the Christian Sabbath, and are among the bitterest foes of this day, and that they are fighting side by side, and hand in hand with sajoonists, atheists, agnostics, infidels of various forms and colors,  gamblers, prostitutes, etc., to break down all re-gard for the Christian Sabbath, and to overthrow all laws for its protection as a legal rest day. . . . If the Seventh-day Adventists or their friends are ashamed of the company they are in, let them re-member that we did not put them there. We only pointed them out. They and not we are responsible for the wretched company they keep, and the bad work they are doing. But it now turns out that these Sunday closing advocates are favored with some of this same kind of " wretched com-pany." As a matter of retaliation for the closing of saloons on Sunday in Sioux City, Iowa, the saloon keepers of that place recently assumed the burden of en-forcing the Christian (?) Sunday law of Iowa, and succeeded in so rigorous and general an enforcement of it that the best Sunday-law friends in the place com-plained. Milk wagons, street cars, local trains and everything were tied up so tight that not a wheel could squeak. A most Puritanic Sunday, Sioux City had, and all to the credit of the saloon keepers and the Iowa Sunday law I Then again, the brewers and liquor dealers of Chicago have expressed their desire that the World's Fair be closed on SundayŠjust what the Sunday-law advo-cates are putting forth their utmost efforts to secure. Director-General Davis re-cently stated before the .congressional committee that the brewers and distillers would willingly pay a large bonus to have the Fair gates closed on Sunday. Uneasy at having such company as this, the edi-tor of the Christian Statesmen, comment-ing upon Mr. Davis's statement, says:Š This idea may possibly lead some persons to think that temperance and Sabbath observance are on opposite sides of the Sunday closing question. This is simply another and a-little more polite way of stating that intemperance and Sunday observance by law are on the same side of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair question, which is a fact. It is now in place to observe that the ad-vocates of Sunday closing are "fighting side by side, and hand in hand, with sa-loonists, atheists, agnostics, infidels of various forms and colors, prostitutes, etc." (for the saloon element includes largely all these other classes); that if they are ashamed of the company they are in, let them remember that the opposers of Church and State union "did not put them there; " that they and not these are re-sponsible for "the wretched company they keep," and the "bad work" they and their saloon associates are doing; and that we have ".only pointed them out." In view of all this the advocates of Sun-day closing will now perhaps admit that an individual can not always be honestly characterized by the bad traits of those who for various reasons may perchance fall in with him. A man is known by the company he chooses to keep, and not by the company he may be accidentally thrown into. To take advantage of the accident, and judge or cast reflections in conse-quence of this, is a course worthy only of those whose cause admits of no defense. Honesty demands and will resort to no such policy. Fair minded men will in-quire why each class assumes the attitude it does. Saloon men favor the Sunday (and every other day) opening of saloons and Sunday closing of everything else that will turn patronage saloonward, for the money there is in it. Sunday law advocates favor the Sunday opening of churches, and the Sunday closing of everything else they consider  in competition with church attendance, for the money, influence and worldly power they are seeking to get through the church. Seventh-day Adventists oppose, not the closing of saloons on every day, not church attendance on any day, nor the protection of Christians, the same as all others, in the exercise of their inalienable rights; but the union of religion and the State; the enforcement of religious insti-tutions and customs by law, with all the evil results which must inevitably follow such a union and such legislation, and the insult which such a dependence on civil law casts upon the power of the gospel unto salvation. Reader, which class do you think is on the right side of the question ? W. A. COLCORD. The Establishment of Religion by Co-lonial Grant and Charter. IN an article in a preceding issue a num-ber of early statutes were quoted from the legislative proceedings of the Colony of New Plymouth, which showed conclu-sively that the Pilgrims who landed from the Mayflower, not only intended, as shown by their compact made previous to landing, to establish a religion, but actu-ally did very early in the history of the Colony, establish a religion according to the forms and tenets professed by them-selves. The legal enactments, by which these forms and tenets were enforced, were augmented from time to time as the Colony increased in number and lack of unanimity began to appear, and certain frivolities and negligence of religious forms to show themselves. In the records of the proceedings " att the general court holden at New Plymouth, June 6, 1651," this is found :Š It is ordered that whatsoever person, or persons, shall neglect the frequenting the public worship of that is according to God in the places wher they live or doe assemble themselves upon any pretense whatsoever, in any way contrary to God and the allowance of the Government tending to the sub-version of religion and churches, or palpable pro-phanacon of God's holy ordinances being duly con-victed ; videlicet every one that is a master or a dame of a family, or any other person at their own disposing, to pay ten shillings for every such default. -It is ordered that if any, in any lazey, slothful, or prophane way doth neglect to come to the publick worshipp of God shall forfeit for every such default ten shillings, or bee publickly whipt. Thus, in "language more or less em-phatic " do these colonists declare the es-tablishment of religion to be their pur-pose, and still continue so to do. A decree of date June 5, 1652 reads :Š It is enacted by this court that henceforth the Indians within this jurisdiction bee not permitted to do any servill work on the Lord's day, as by fishing, fowling, planting, and carrying of bur-dens, etc , and if any doe, after notice given them hereof, they shall bee warned to the next generall court by the constable of the place where they are transgresse. Thus do the heathen begin to have the established religion of Plymouth Colony preached to them, and again, in still more unmistakable terms on June 5, 1655, whenŠ it was enacted that such as deny the Scriptures to bee a rule of life, shall receive corporal punish-ment according to the discretion of the majestrate, so as it shall not extend to life or limb. And again in 1656 when it was decreedŠ And likewise, that noe Indian shall discharge any gun on the Lord's day att anything to the breach of the Sabbath and desturbance of the English; as they will answer it att their perill. But previously, in 1655, steps had been 