40 AMERICAN SENTINEL. being given, a companyŁ of militia was sent ostensibly to preserve and restore order. That body stole what it could find, insulted women and beat defenseless men. When the settlers resented such action a cry went up: `The troops are being resisted!' Then Patterson, the militia captain, sent dispatches to Dickinson accusing the farmers of sedition, and forthwith attacked the settlement, turned about 500 men, tender women and delicate children out of doors and set fire to their homesl-They were driven into the wilderness at the bayonet's point and told to find their way back to Connecticut: Many died from hunger and exhaustion. Of course this was going further than the Pennsylvania government desired; all Connecticut sprang to arms, and civil war was only averted by a meeting of the Pennsylvania censors who made tardy reparation to the despoiled settlers." "Consider that this was nearly three years after the surrender at Yorktown, which virtually ended the Rev-olutionary war. It seemed to Europe when this affair, other boundary disputes not so serious, and the commer-cial war which New York, Connecticut, New Jersey, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts were waging against each other, came to its notice that anarchy must surely come. Public opinion in England thought that what English arms had failed to do would be accomplished by the internicene strife of the colonies, and they would return' one by one to their old allegiance." And yet all this represented the sacred cause of liberty and justice to human rights. Out of all this sprang order, peace, and the freest and best government on the face of the earth. The colonists were right and their detractors were wrong. The cause of self-govern-ment was just, and that of foreign rule unjust. And the cause of self-government is no less just to-day. " Wholly Immaterial." ON page 29 of the Statutes at Large of the United States, may be fortind the following provision covering the point of appropriations of public funds for the benefit of sectarian institutions in the District of Columbia:Š "And it is hereby declared to be the policy of the Government of the United States to make no appropri-ation of money or property fortthe purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding by payment for services, ex-penses, or otherwise, any church or religious denomina-tion, or any institution or society which is under secta-rian or ecclesiastical control; and it is hereby enacted that from and after the 30th day of June, 1898, no money appropriated for charitable purposes, in the District of Columbia shall be paid to any church or reli-gious denomination, or to any institution or society which is under sectarian or ecclesiastical control." Of this statute Judge Hagner, of the District of Co- lumbia, said that it is "so plain as absolutely to close discussion of the question." And what candid person can read it and say anything to the contrary? And yet Justice Peckham, of the Supreme CourtŠwho, we are  informed, is a Roman CatholicŠin his decision award-ing money from the U. S. Treasury to a hospital wholly-under Catholic control, declared that the "fact that theŁ hospital is conducted under the management of said church" is "wholly immaterial"! It is safe to say that this Supreme Court official or any of his associates could not so word the statute in question that it would apply more plainly to the case of this Catholic hospital than it does as it now stands in the statute books of the nation. What is plainly "wholly immaterial" in connection with the case, is the will of the people expressed through this statute, as considered by the Catholic Church through a Catholic member of the highest national court. Protestants and Catholics "Drawing Together." COMMENTING on the idea expressed recently by Jus-tice Brewer of the Supreme Court, that "the ancient,  enemies,Catholicism and Protestantism," are "drawing-closer together," the New York Sun, which is good au-thority on the Catholic side of the question, speaks. thus:Š "The Church of Rome, surely, has neither abandoned norŁ in any degree lessened its claims; it still offers to Protestantism no possibility of unity with it, except on the condition of yielding to its authority and rendering-allegiance to the papal supremacy. Within a, very few years the pope, by refusing to accept the validity of the Anglican orders, has practically pronounced the whole Church of England heretical, schismatic, and destitute of an apostolic foundation for its ministry. The only terms Rome offers in the nineteenth century are the same as those it offered in the eighteenth century, and they will be the same in the twentieth centuryŠuncon-ditional surrender. "The present pope, Leo XIII., is not one step closer to Protestantism in 1900 than was Pius VII. in 1800. . . . "Justice Brewer speaks of `minor differences of creed and Idoctrine,"of little significance;' but there are no such differences between Rome and the Protestant world. The difference is deep and radical, full of great signifi-cance, and, as we have said, cannot be bridged, over by any gush of sentiment. The two can never come to-gether except by Protestants yielding and becoming Catholics or Catholics turning into Protestants. You might as well try to mix oil and water as to attempt to bring these two radically conflicting and diametrically and essentially opposing religious systems into har-mony, without the complete surrender of the one to the other; and the twentieth century will not lessen that impossibility by one whit." The "drawing together" of these two "ancient ene-mies," is due wholly to the backsliding of decadent Protestantism. THE need of the world in this age is not of Nehemiahs, but of Pauls. 