8 ANDEYET CA_N g Vol. 8. No. 1. NEW YORK, JANUARY 5, 1893. Noma.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE rejoicing of the American Sabbath Union, so-called, and its allies over their supposed great victory in securing the pas-sage of the Sunday closing proviso in the World's Fair bill, is now seen to have been premature. The battle over that particular question is yet to be fought, as appears from the joint resolutions introduced by Congressman Durborow, copies of which are printed on page 7 of this paper. A HEARING upon these resolutions has been arranged for January 10, 11, 12, and 13Šfour daysŠthe time to be equally divided between friends of the Constitu-tion as it is, and those who would subvert it in the interests of a religious dogma. Thus do these measures not only again open up the whole question of Sunday clos-ing of the great Fair, but the joint res-olution introduced by Mr. Durborow on the 20th ult., brings prominently before the American people the much larger and more important question of the right of Congress to legislate upon religious ques-tions. THIS resolution, which recites in its preamble, that provision of the Constitu-tion which provides that "Congress shall make no laws respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," should have the hearty support of every patriotic citizen of this Republic. The leaders and managers of the Sunday law cause in general, and of this Sunday closing crusade in particular, have arro-gated to themselves the titles, " The best people of the land," and "The law abiding people of the country ;" but the truth is, as shown in the history of the so-called National Reform movement given in the first article in this number of the SENTI-NEL, that for years they have waged a persistent and relentless warfare against the ConstitutionŠthe fundamental law of the land. They should now be stripped of the garments of hypocrisy with which they have clothed themselves, and be made to stand forth in all their hideous deformity, as subverters of the Consti-tution, and the enemies of both civil and religious liberty. THE supreme law of the Government of the United States,Šthe Constitution,Špositively prohibits any legislation on the subject of religion. Yet, in spite of this,  in utter disregard of the supreme law of the land, these men by threats of forceŠthreats of the loss of votes, the only force at their commandŠobliged Co'ngress to legislate upon a religious subject, to de-cide a religious question, and to take their side in a great religious controversy. And in this they have plainly overridden the Constitution, and violated the supreme law of the land. And they know it. THE National Reform Association, the ringleader in this whole religious com-bination for political purposes, has been working for nearly thirty years for na-tional Sunday legislation. But knowing that Sunday is religious, and religious only, its managers argued from the first that such legislation would be unconsti-tutional, as the Constitution stands; and, therefore, for nearly thirty years they have advocated and demanded an amend-ment to the Constitution which should declare this to be "a Christian Nation," and so create a basis for national legisla-tion recognizing Sunday as " the Chris-tian Sabbath." And they are demanding the same thing still. Thus, by their own arguments for nearly thirty years, we know that the ringleaders in this Sunday closing cru-sade know that Sunday legislation by Con-gress is unconstitutional. Yet, in con-flict with their own continued arguments, these men take the lead in petitioning and threatening Congress for Sunday legisla-tion. One of their own number, who had argued for years the unconstitutionality of such legislation, spent the whole of the first session of the Fifty-second Congress at the Capitol as " a Christian lobbyist " to secure this very unconstitutional legisla-tion. And now, having secured this legis-lation which they know to be unconstitu-tional, having thus knowingly violated the supreme law, having thus subverted the Constitution, these very men take the lead in getting up and managing mass-meetings to endorse their unconstitutional action, to prevent Congress from undoing its unconstitutional work, and vote them-selves the law-abiding people of the Na-tion ! BUT instead of being the " law-abiding people of the land," they are the arch law-breakers of the land. Their action is as much worse than that of the average law-breaker, as the supreme law of the land is greater and more important than the local statutes. The average law-breaker damages the individual; these su-preme law-breakers damage the whole Nation. The average law-breaker invades the rights of the individual; these su-preme law-breakers have invaded, and even swept away, the rights of all the people. The average law-breaker disre-gards social order only in the locality where he is ; while these supreme law-breakers strike at the very existence of  social order, by breaking down the chief governmental safeguard of a nation. THESE facts should be fearlessly set before the committee having in charge the " resolution to repeal the religious legis-lation pertaining to the World's Colum-bian Exposition," and Congress should be asked to undo, as far as possible, the evil that has been done in yielding to the demands of these subverters of constitu-tional, republican government. BUT it may be urged that these men represent a majority of the people of the Nation, and the majority should rule even if to do it they are compelled to subvert the Constitution, that constitutions repre-sent simply the will of the majority, and that when they cease to express the popu-lar will, they should be changed or over-ridden. The position is not, however, tenable. In the first place, the National Reformers do not represent a majority of the people; but even if they did, it would not justify them in subverting the Con-stitution. Constitutions are made, not to be overridden by the majority, but for the protection of the minority. The mi-nority has rights which the majority is bound to respect; and constitutions are largely for the purpose of defining and protecting those rights. APROPOS to this subject is the article on another page, on " Limitations to Majority Rule." The saying that " the majority should rule" is true only of those matters which come properly within the sphere of civil government. But reli-gious questions are outside that sphere, not by constitutional guarantee, merely, but by the law of our being which makes us individually responsible to the Creator. The Constitution of the United States did not create religious rights, but simply recognizes them. " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are . . endowed by their Creator with certain in-alienable rights." And of these rights, Hon. Richard M. Johnson, in his match-less report to the United States Senate on Sunday mails, January 19, 1829, said : " They are not exercised in virtue of gov-ernmental indulgence, but as rights, of which government can not deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Des-potic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them." The men who override constitutions and trample upon natural rights are the worst of tyrants, no matter what their profession may be. THE Mail and Express is authority for the statement that the latest canvass of the House shows a majority of only five against Sunday opening. It is not stated which of the two joint resolutions upon this subject was made the basis of the canvass. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,  year, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " " " 6l 100 to 249 " " " " 46 - - The. 250 to 499 " " " " - - - 70c. 500  to 999 it it it 66 - - 65c. 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 4s Bowl street, New York City. it 