-If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for Ł I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, MAY.  23, 1895. NUMBER 21.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHINGŁ COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. THE POPE'S LETTER TO THE ENGLISH PEOPLE. POPE 'LlE0 XIII. has written a letter to the griglish`people.who seek the kingdom of - Christ .in the unity of the faith." All professed Christians seek the unity of the faith, and therefore the pope addresses all the professed Christians of England: This is .not firSt. tithe the papacY has attempted to per-suade .he thglish people to return to ":unity of the [Roman Catholic.] faith." A notable attempt was made just three hundred and seven years ago this month. In. May, 1584, the .papacy sent. one hundred and :fifty Messengers to Eng-land too argue with the English people and persuade them to return to the Ro-man Catholic faith. Twelve of, these messengers were named after the twelve apostles, and others' were named after the " saints." While these messengers were apostolic in name, and were commissioned by the professed vicar of, Christ; Pope Sixtus V., they were not apostolic men armed only with the " sword of the Spirit, which is the Word Of God," but instead they were huge battle ships, armed and .equipped with 2,088 galley slaves, 8,000 sailors,, 20,000 soldiers, 2,650 cannon, 123,790 rounds of shot,. arid 517;500 pounds of pow- `der.' See .American Encyclopedia, article, " Armada; " also His-tory of Protestantism, by Wylie, Vol. 3, chap. 17. Beside being equipped with these ordinary death-dealing arguments of war, these papal messengers, which history calls the "Spanish Armada," and which Roman Catholics were pleased to call the " Invincible Armada," were equipped with still other papal arguments which were to be used. to restore the unity of the faith in special cases, wherein the ordinary war arguments failed. These special argu-ments were the torture instruments 2  of the "Holy Office of the Inquisition;" and to in-sure the effective application of these argu-ments, Don Martin Allacon, Administrator and Vicar-General of the " Holy Office," ac- companied these satanic instruments of cruelty. However, this Armada argument was but one in a series of papal measures intended to persuade the English people to return to their allegiance to the pope. Before sending the Ar-mada, and with a view to weakening the loyalty of the English people to the queen of England as a preparation for it, the pope hurled a, bull 2  Some of these torture instruments captured from the de, feated Armada can be seen in the British Museum, of excommunication against the queen, from which the following is extracted:Š We do, out of the fullness of our apostolic power, declare the aforesaid Elizabeth, being a heretic, and a favorer of heretics, and her adherents in the matter aforesaid, to have incurred the sentence of anathema, and to be cut off from the unity of the body of Christ. And, moreover, we do declare her to be deprived of her pretended title to the kingdom aforesaid, and of all dominion, dignity, and privilege whatsoever. . And we do command and interdict all and every the noblemen, subjects, people, and others aforesaid, that they presume not to obey her or her monitions, man-dates, and laws; and those that shall do the contrary, we do strike with the like sentence of anathema. 3  This excommunication was followed by papal attempts to assassinate the queen, and then came the pope-blessed " In-vincible Armada," which was heroic-ally fought and finally defeated and driven off by the much inferior navy of England. 0 u r illustration shows one of the stratagems used by the English to save themselves from the choice of a ter-rible death or unity with Rome. On the night , of August 7, the English loaded eight ships with combustible mate-rial, smeared their masts with tar, sailed them near the Spanish fleet and then set them on fire, with the hoped -for result that the Spaniards took flight and sailed away, after which the English ships and a terrible storm completed their defeat and almost com-plete destruction. This is a brief description of the failure of an old papal method of securing the unity of the faith. But why does not Pope Leo XIII. now use the methods of his " infallible" prede-cessor, Pope Sixtus V.? Why don't he send an Armada instead of an " Apostolic Letter" ? It cannot be because the papacy has discarded z History of Protestantism, Vnl. 3, chap. 16, The Spanish Armada Inviting the English People to the " Unity of the Faith." 