484 AMERICAN SENTINEL_ American 'Sentinel. NEW YORK, AUGUST 4, 1898. FAITH does not point us to a relic, but to a risen, living, all-powerful Saviour. THERE is a recoil to every deed that we perform, which is of the same na.. ture as the deed. JUST as the SENTINEL 1S going to press we receive word that two ar-rests have been made in Tennessee for " Sabbath Desecration." Full particulars in our next issue. THE United States forces seem now to have fairly met their real enemy in Cuba,--yellow fever; and the outlook is not reassuring. To brave the deadly climate requires as much cour-age on the part of these devoted troops as to brave the Spanish bul-lets. A CAPTAIN of a French trans Atlan-tic steamship recently took hi-4 vessel about one hundred miles north of his regular course, to gain time, with the result that he gained so much time for most of those on board that they reached the further end of their life journey at a single bound. There is never any time gained profitably by going out of the course of duty. THE "Church of the Saviour" is to be "consecrated" in Jerusalem shortly, in the presence of Emperor William, of Germany, who will make a sort. of pilgrimage there for the purpose. But while the eyes of earthly sovereigns are being more and more drawn to the earthly Jerusalem, those who are "pilgrims and stran-gers" here keep their faces turned to -ward the Jerusalem above. THERE appears to be a movement on foot among the republics of South America, having in view their com-mon defense against possible Anglo- Saxon encroachment. It is evident that they look with suspicion upon the turn which the United States has taken in conducting her war with Spain, and this no doubt is not in any wise allayed by the rumors of an Anglo-Saxon alliance. THE Haverhill Gazette (Haverhill, Mass.) of July 21, reports "a unique civil case" which was tried the previ-ous day in the city court. The de-fendant conducted an eating saloon and fruit store, in which he was ten-ant, and the plaintiff sought to se.. cure his ejection from the premises on the ground that he had been doing business on Sunday. Thus the Sun-day laws continue to be invoked. THERE is nothing that individuals part with more reluctantly than with a thing of such little worth as an opinion; their own opinion, of course. When Peter said to his Lord, "Lo, we have left all and followed thee,',  he was still holding fast, as events showed, to his own opinion about the kingdom of God; and the other disciples were doing the same. If men would hold as fast to the Word of God as they do to their opinions, their moral footing would be vastly more stable than it is. WHAT to do with the Philippines, is now the question that is causing most perplexity to Uncle Sam. The natives having been led to believe they would secure independence, are ready to fight the United States forces if the latter seek to impose a different condition. Spain cannot hold them, and the earth-hungry Powers of Europe would only quarrel among themselves over the prize if left to them. Altogether, the situation is very interesting, and one need not be surprised at surprising developments. THE religious papers have been call-ing attention to the prominence of the religious element in the navy of which all the country is so proud. Admiral Sampson, it is said, is a  member of the Church of the Coven-ant, in Washington. Admiral Dewey is a member of the Episcopal Church. Commodore Watson is Elder Watson in St. John's Church, San Francisco. Captain Philip's denominational con-nection is not given, but from his speech made at the sinking of Cer-vera's ships, it is evident he is a de-vout communicant somewhere. Lieu-tenant Hobson was president of a Y. M. C. A. in his native State. And it may be remarked in passing that the able fighters who battle without firearms in this country are mostly members in good and regularly stand-ing in the Roman Catholic commu-nion. We fear there is much in all this to justify the saying made by the irreverent that it takes religion to make a good fighter. ROME has refused to permit a par-liament of religions in connection with the World's Fair at Paris in 1900. At Chicago, in 1893, she par-ticipated in the parliament of reli-gions as actively as did any of the other bodies. The difference is that in America Rome did not rule, being in the min-ority, and hence participated in the parliament as a guest; while in Cath-olic France the parliament would be under Catholic auspices. And -this Rome will not permit; because in a parliament of religions all religions stand on an equal footing; and Rome will not for a moment recognize any other religious body in the world on terms of equality. She alone is the Christian church, and all other bodies are heretics. This is the plain meaning of her refusal to allow a religious parliament at Paris. Instead of this there will be, it is said, a "parliament of religious science." ARE you doing all you can to get the SENTINEL into the hands of the public? How many subscriptions have you sent in this year? Are there,not some in your vicinity that ought to be reading the SENTINEL? Won't you see to it that their names are placed on our list? 