AmmEtiCAN VoL. 8, No. 32. court in disobeying thp injunction which the court had granted. The final hearing was set for Monday, July 31, and in the meantime the authorities saw fit to keep the gates of the Fair open. The fact that they did so, is a virtual acknowledgment of their belief that they were really in contempt of court in closing Jackson Park to the public. The council of administra-tion, in ordering the gates to be open to-day, say this :Š WHEREAS the members of this council, recogniz-ing their duty in common with all citizens to ob-serve and respect all lawful orders and process of judicial tribunals, and believing it to be their duty under these circumstances to attest their respeot for and obedience to the process of the court in the particular case referred to until the question shall have been determined, by restoring the status as it existed prior to the making of the order in council hereinbefore referred to; it is, therefore Ordered, That the World's Columbian Exposition and the gates thereof shall be opened to the public on Sunday next, July 30, 1893, in the .same manner and on like terms and conditions that prevailed prior to the making of the said order in council. This expression by the council of ad-ministration is apparently not at all in sympathy with the following telegram, which was received at their meeting :Š Pittsburg, July 29, council of administration Any possible penalty for contempt of court in clos-ing to-morrow in accordance with law will be a trifle to the cost of incurring the everlasting con-tempt of the country for inefficiency or trickery in recent dealings with Stein injunction, if it results in even one reopening. In behalf of Sabbath-clos- ing committee, WILBUR F. CRAFTS, Chairman. H. H. GEORGE, Secretary. Heretofore, in the course of this discus-sion, those whose names are signed to this telegram, and those whom they represent, have been exceeding great sticklers for the strict observance of what they termed law, so long as that law, according to their interpretation, demanded Sunday-closing; now, that the vicissitudes of legal action and interpretation have put the local directory entirely upon its own responsibility as to Sunday-closing or opening, these same persons, with utmost vehemence, as seen here, advise an action not in accordance with law and do not hesitate to counsel that the law be dis-obeyed and the penalty of such disobedi-ence be met. This is the sheerest kind of inconsistency. The right is always con-sistent. These men must be in the wrong. It seems now to be the general wish of all parties that the injunction granted by Judge Stein should be dissolved, but it is the opinion of many good lawyers that the injunction is based on sound legal principles and upheld by incontrovertible facts. It is not at all certain that Judge Stein will easily recede from the position which he has taken. The Fair is open to-day; whether one week from to-day it will be open or closed, it is not possible at this time to say. But it must now be evident to all that there is something more than remarkable in the course which this agitation has taken, and the unexpected and unforeseen series of events which has continued the discussion. It is a discus-sion which does not pertain to the World's Fair alone but to the entire body of reli-gious laws of this country and the enforce-ment of religious forms by decree of courts. Its continuance in the matter of the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair may well be looked upon with wonder and amazement, but the course which it is likely to take in its further develop-ment throughout every town and hamlet in the country as it comes into question in the daily administration of law may well be a matter of still greater fear and anx- iety to those who love equity and justice and realize the correct basis of American law, and desire as true American citizens that religious liberty in civil matters should be retained and upheld in this country. W. H. M. Chicago, July 30. Pharisaism. IT seems a little peculiar that a certain class of people who have been ardent in raising the cry " Judaism " for several years in the past against the work of those who were, and still are, teaching the people to observe the Sabbath (seventh-day) as given in the Decalogue, should now occupy the very same position as did the Pharisees (the strictest sect of the Jews) in the time of Christ. But such is the case. They may never see and realize it until too late for them to obtain mercy, yet the fact remains they are filled with the Pharisaical spirit. The term Pharisee suggests one who is filled with self-righteousness. It belongs to those who, " being ignorant of God's righteousness," go about to establish their own righteousness," The great anxiety of this modern sect of Pharisees seems to be that something shall be said or done (and that very soon) whereby every nation on earth shall be brought to understand that -" this is a Christian Nation "Šthat this land is filled with Christian s.Ł Already the spirit is abroad that led the good (?) old Pharisee mentioned by Christ in his parable, to stand and smite his sanctified breast and pray with himself (not God), " God, I thank thee that I am not as other men are." I am better than they, because I live up to all the good laws I have made for myself, therefore, 0 Lord, I am holy." This was the direction of his thoughts. He saw nothing good or com-mendable only in himself. The poor pub-lican by his side was not afraid to tell the truth and call upon God to be merciful unto him; for he knew he was a sinner. This man was justified (made righteous), while the Pharisee was left to still worship himself. Thousands have congratulated them-selves on their holiness in remaining away from the World's Fair (when its gates were open on Sunday) in obedience to their self-made law that they must remain at home. There may have been real honesty on the part of some, but that spirit which leads men to call attention to what a great sacrifice they are making by remaining away, is Pharisaism, pure and unadulterated. It is identical with that which loved to make long prayers, dis-figure faces while fasting, and the like, so as to do something for the purpose of informing men they were righteous. They wanted the praise and applause of men. That was Pharisaism in Jesus' day. When one spends his time in publishing how good he is, it is evident he is not of Christ; for he cried not in the street nor sounded a trumpet before him. To show the world that Christians abide in America, it would "be well to follow the lowly Saviour by "doing unto others as we would they should do unto us ;" to do some breast smiting, calling upon God to be merciful unto us as sinners; instead of calling for troops, pestilences or fire from heaven upon those who are differ-ently minded than ourselves, to do good unto them who hate us. If this were done, others would call us the children of  the Father in heaven, and relieve us of the task of publishing abroad our right-eousness. God deals with nations as with individ-uals (for nations are only individuals multiplied), and his Word says : " He that exalteth himself shall be abased." "Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall." " Let him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest he fall." " Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the king-dom of heaven ; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven." Self-righteousness can never enter that abode, but the Lord will "save the humble person,"ŠJob. 22:29. T. E. BOWEN. Sunday Efforts in California., The Proposed Midwinter Fair. THE San Francisco people are moving for a Midwinter World's Fair, made up of such features of the Chicago Fair as can be secured in connection with as big a show as the State can make at that time of year. It is said that the project is receiving great encouragement among the exhibitors at Chicago. But the fact of the probable carrying out of the project, or its success in such an event, is not the matter of most interest to many of the readers of the SENTINEL. The Sunday-closing fever has broken out here before it is certainly known that there will be a Fair. It seems that tl churches, through the medium of ties Christian Endeavor Society, have a burden to run the World's Fairs as well as tl,e church fairs. The Midwinter Exposition in San Francisco is no sooner suggested than the Sunday-closing bee buzzes in the Christian Endeavor bonnet. The Execu-tive Committee of the Alameda County Christian Endeavor Union took the initi-ative. This committee consists of ,the president and two secretaries of each local society in the county. There are ninety of these societies with a membership of 4,000. The Executive Committee trans-acts the business of the union, and its recommendations have considerable weight. There was a meeting of the committee on the evening of the 17th inst. in this city, at which the following reso-lutions were passed:Š WHEREAS, Sunday opening of the Columbian Exposition has proved to be so objectionable to the larger part of the intelligent citizens of these United States, as seen by the strong protests against it, and the multitudes who on that account lave re-frained from attending said Fair, and WHEREAS, The Christian Endeavorers of Califor-nia hold in high regard the good name of our State, as well as the moral character of our people, which will be greatly affected by the manner of conduct-ing the proposed Midwinter Fair, and WHEREAS, We firmly believe that Sunday open-ing on that occasion would be a dishonor to God, and a grievous violation of his law, therefore be it Resolved, That we, the Christian Endeavorers of the Alameda County Christian Endeavor Union welcome the coming of this Fair, and we do most earnestly petition that the Lord's day be respected by closing the gates on that day; and we suggest to all Christians and law-abiding citizens of the Pacific Coast the eminent propriety of taking no concessions at the Fair and of entering into no con-tracts regarding exhibits or other matters without a clear, irreversible clause securing Sunday-closing during the entire time of the Exposition, and be it Resolved, That we recommend to the president of every Christian Endeavor Society in this county to prepare at once and present to every adult member of their society, church and congregation, a peti-tion setting forth these facts, and be it further Resolved, That our corresponding secretary be instructed to send a copy of these resolutions to the corresponding secretaries of every union in the 