AMERICAN SENTINEL. 277 to the same God, each one severally confidence that their cause and ambitions are supported by Him. The Rus-sians serve a God whose sympathies are supposed to be Russian, and so it is with all the list of militant forces, even down to the Khalifa who expects Allah to smite the infidels who are coming, up the Nile. It is the old pagan-ism; the difference is only in name and in the measure of the light sinned against by those who, having opportu-nity to know the true God, allow the "god of this world" to fill their hearts with hatred and jealousy and covet-ousness, which in turn are filling the world with violence. ŠPresent Truth. -0-1- 41 -4 -4 A WRITER in The Kingdom, of January 29, laments that the Church is so lethargic in political matters, and says that "it must be made to understand how far short it has come of doing its full duty in political and munici-pal matters." In this he voices the sentiment of many who pose to-day as religious teachers. How strange it is, from this standpoint, that the Saviour, in his great commission which sets forth what should be the work of his followers in the world, never even hinted at the important duties they would have in connection with politics! Was this an oversight on the part of the Lord? Legislation as a Means of Reform. IN the N. Y. Independent, of April 15, that well-known Christian writer, Rev. Theo. L. Cuyler, makes the follow-ing pertinent observations upon the reasons for the present status of the cause of temperance reform, strongly deprecating the idea that there is a panacea for the drink evil in legislation. Dr. Cuyler discerns the dangerous fallacy which is embodied in the current popular theory as to the proper means for securing moral reform, and his words sound a timely signal of warning. (In part) he says:Š "After half a century of honest hard work against the terrible drink curse, I feel perfectly sure that to place our main reliance on any kind of legislation, however stringent, is a fatal mistake. There is a, prodigiously prevalent idea in our country that legislation is the great panacea for a large portion of the evils that afflict so-ciety. The cardinal error of the Populists is that Gov-ernment is a parental institution; that it ought to run all the railways and telegraphs, that it ought to loan money to the people, that it ought to provide a market for the silver and to provide fiat money in unlimited abundance, etc., etc. 'It is a kindred delusion of some of my well-meaning Prohibitionist brethren that legislation is in itself the cure-all for the innumerable woes of strong drink. They preach nothing else, labor for nothing else, and denounce unsparingly other honest advocates of temperance who decline to look at this great questionthrough their knot-hole, and to pronounce their shibboleth. They strangely ignore the lamentable facts : that there is (for various  reasons) an  enormous use of intoxicants; that this. enor-mous use creates an enormous demand; and this enor-mous demand it is which produces the enormous sale of intoxicants. To attempt to prohibit the sale while noth-ing is done to diminish the use and demand for intoxi-cants, is as preposterous as to attempt to stop the flow of Niagara by throwing a dam of bulrushes across the face of the cataract. "Suppose that all the pulpits, all the schools, and all the parents should cease to teach the sinfulness of theft; could there be a police large enough to protect all our property? Against the deadly drink itself, and not solely against the sale of it, our unceasing warfare must be waged. "It must never be forgotten that the original Maine Law of 1851Šin which I thoroughly believe, and in de-fense of which I have ma de hundreds of public speechesŠwas the outcome of a long and widespread agitation, in pulpit, press and popular meetings, against all intoxi-cants. The drink customs were fought against, and the popular conscience was aroused. In Neal Dow's phrase "the whole State was sowed knee-deep with temperance literature." And the experience of the last forty-six years has proved that where moral efforts have been kept up, and where the popular conscience na., been awake and active, the prohibitory law has produced most beneficial results. "Wherever the people have been lulled into the delu-sion that the law would enforce itself, wherever moral ef-forts have not prevented large numbers of people from wanting to drink intoxicants, wherever "drinking clubs" have been organized, and wherever the politicians have made a football of the righteous law, the curse of drunk-enness has come back again. . . . "Legislation to prohibit liquor selling without moral efforts to diminish liquor drinking fails, and will fail to the end of time. Iniquitous and destructive as are the-saloons, a large portion of the drinking does not begin there, or even end there. The bottle is in innumerable homes and clubs and restaurants and social gatherings; and as long as the drink is in such demand the traffic in the drink will go on. Short cuts to great moral revolu-tions have never succeeded ; legislation on paper will never damn up torrents of evil as long as the fountain heads of evil remain unchecked. It has been truly said a thousand times that legal action without moral effort is a bird with only one wing; it cannot fly. "What next? In the face of all the facts from Maine and Iowa and Vermont and New Hampshire and Kansas,  shall there be no other tocsin sounded than that of "Pro-hibition"? After twenty-five years of gallant struggle the political Prohibition Party was able to poll only 135,000 votes at the late Presidential election, about 100,000 less than it polled four years before. Shall all the time and money and eloquence and efforts of the friends of temperance be expended in that single direc-tion? If so, the temperance reform is doomed. Back of the "saloons" lie the drink customs; back of the traffic lies the demand for intoxicants ; legislation un-aided by moral effort is powerless to stay the destructive plague. "In the early days of the temperance reform we fought the drink evil by vigorous work in the churches, in the-pulpits, in the schoolhouses, in the homes; we fought the-drink itself. We educated people to total abstinence by solid argumentsŠmedical, moral, social, economical and 