306 AMERICAN SENTINEL. and now it "will not down." It is here and must be set-tled. That it is not very prominent as yet does not les-sen the significance of the fact. It will grow more and more prominent as time goes on. And what a bitter controversy must ensue before it is settled ! More than this : what a change its settle-ment must effect in the principles of this Government! for it can be settled only in accordance with papal claims. The principle of both claims is papal. • Ł 44  HE who engages in war, must obey absolutely the commands of his military superiors. This is the first principle of military discipline. Now there is a command of God which says, "Thou shalt not kill;" and another which says, "Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy." In time of war the sol-dier must disregard both these precepts at the order of his commander. He must kill men of the opposing force, and must do this, if so ordered, on the Sabbath day. Ł Is it not plainly evident. therefore, that the soldier must have another god than the Author of the Ten Com-mandments? Is it not evident that the Government stands to him in the place of God? But what man can afford to make this exchange? God has not authorized it, and the eternal interests of every man forbid it; for what James Russell Lowell wrote of war is the truth,Š " If you take a sword aŁid dror it, And go stick a feller throu', GuY'nient aint to answer for it; God '11 send the bill to you." Alas for him who expects government to answer for his misdeeds at the bar of God. s.0- . 4 -4 THE*  salvation of God is brought to the world in Christianity. That which is Christian will be saved from the final dissolution which is to come upon earthlythings. All believers in Christianity agree to this. It is said by leading representatives of the state and of the church in this country, that "this is a Christian nation." This nation, therefore, will be saved in the kingdom of God. Every citizen of the United States is a. part of this nation. The salvation of the nation must of course in-clude the salvation of its parts. To secure salvation, therefore, an individual needs only to become a part of this nation. If already such, he needs only to remain in it; and if not, he can become such by taking out papers of naturalization. He may believe in Christianity, or he may not; he may be a Jew, or an agnostic, or an atheist; it matters not. His salvation is certain, yea, unavoidable, if he remains a United States citizen. And all this by virtue of Christianity ! Such is the logic of the National Reform doctrine that `this is a Christian nation." It simply makes the gos-pel of God of no use to the individual, as such. And this being so, that doctrine is as clearly anti-Christian as anything that ever emanated from the "father of lies." WHEN we point to the atrocities perpetrated upon Christians in times past in various lands, and call it reli-gious persecution, some are ready to exclaim, "Oh, no; it was the civil power that inflicted penalties upon them_ they suffered for political reasons,.and for that ;the church is not responsible." Yes; very likely they did suffer for political reasons. But how came such reasons to be political? How came matters of religious belief to be mixed up with politics, so th It political measures had to be instituted against peo-ple on account of Christianity? Oh, it was because the church went into politics. It was because religion and the state became united. And then religion found its way into the laws of the land, and people who opposed that religion were persecuted and put to death by the civil power, for disobedience to the civil law. And that was only a political proceeding, of course! If the church had kept out of politics, Christians would never have been persecuted for political reasons. And when the church goes into politics, persecution for politi-cal reasons is sure to follow. Let the church keep out of politics. That is the plain lesson taught by the history of every land where Chris-tians have been put to death by the civil power. The Papacy and the Monroe Doctrine. A PART of the scheme of Archbishop Ireland and the pope, as announced, is that "The wisdom of the Monroe Doctrine will be acknowledged; but the incidental respon-sibility of the United States thereunder will be defined and demonstrated." This statement is worth some examination. It was in direct antagonism to a scheme in the interests of the papacy, and at least of which the papacy was a willing party, that the Monroe Doctrine was announced. And now it is announced on the part of the papacy, and as a part of a scheme guided by the papacy, that "the wisdom of the Monroe Doctrine will be acknowledged." Does the papacy really intend now to acknowledge the wisdom of that act which defeated a cherished plan to which she was a party? In other words: Does the papacy intend really to confess to the whole world that she was wrong Ševen once? About 1820, a certain "Holy Alliance" was formed by the "powers" in Europe, to maintain and propagate the absolute monarchial government in Europe. And what holy alliance of European powers ever was, or ever could be, formed without the cooperation and benediction 