'Equal and Exact Justice to all Wien, of Whatever state or 'Persuasion, religious or colitical." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, JANUARY 5, 1893. NUMBER 1. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM H. MC REE. TO-DAY the AMERICAN SENTINEL enters upon the eighth year of its publication. Each year of the seven, now in the past, has been one of success and of the great-est encouragement; but the year that is just past has been more so than perhaps all the others put together. And the year to come we expect to be no less full of success and encouragement than the one just gone; indeed it promises to be even more eventful. THE SENTINEL was established to ex-pose the evil designs and mischievous workings of the National Reform move-ment, and to warn against the dangers to Government and people, to State and Church, which lay wrapped up therein. True, from the first the people would not be-lieve what we said in this respect; but we never cared for that : what we are here for is to set forth what we know to be the truth on this subject. Whether men will believe it or not is their affair. WE have declared from the beginning that the combined churches would take possession of the Government to use it for their own purposes; and that the chief purpose for which they would use the Government would be to compel the ob-servance of Sunday, at the dictation of the arbitrary will of the Church, in mak-ing void the law of God and establishing the living image of the Papacy. Let us now survey the field of the SENTINEL'S notice and see where we stand to-day; bearing in mind at the same time the fact that the people who publish the SENTINEL have known, and have published, more than forty years that that which has come would come. IT would seem that all people in the United States would be glad of the op-portunity to rejoice evermore that by its  supreme law this Nation is pledged to re-ligious freedom. It would seem that everybody ought to be glad of the oppor-tunity to herald to all the world the fame of a nation under whose protection all people might dwell wholly unmolested in the full enjoyment of religious rights, and the liberty to worship or not to worship according to the dictates of their own con-sciences. SUCH, however, is not the case. As re-ligious bigotry knows no such thing as enlightenment or progress; as ecclesiasti-cal ambition never can be content without the power to persecute; so, from the be-ginning, complaint has been made against the character of the United States Consti-tution as it respects religion, and constant effort has been made to weaken its in-fluence, undermine its authority, and sub-vert its precepts. From the very beginning, this feature of the Constitution has been denounced as foolish, atheistical, the strictly national sin, the cause of epidemics, etc., particu-larly by ministers of such religion as had not sufficient power of truth to support itself, and doctors of a divinity so weak and sickly that it could not protect itself, much less protect and bless its worship-ers, or anybody else. OCTOBER 27, 1789, " The First Presby-tery Eastward in Massachusetts and New Hampshire," sent to President Washing-ton an address in which they complained because there was no "explicit acknowl-edgment of the only true God and Jesus Christ whom he has sent, inserted some-where in the Magna Charta of our coun-try." In 1803, Samuel B. Wylie, D. D., of the University of Pennsylvania, preached a sermon in which he inquired : " Did not the framers of this instrument . . . in this resemble the fool men-tioned in Ps. 14: 1, 3, who said in his heart, ' There is no God ? ' " IN 1812, President Dwight, of Yale College, preached a sermon in the col-lege chapel, in which he lamented the failure of the Constitution to recognize a god, and declared that " we commenced our national existence, under the present system, without God." The next year he recurred to it the saying that " the gross- est nations and individuals, in their public acts and in their declarations, manifes-toes, proclamations, etc., always recog-nize the superintendency of a Supreme Being. Even Napoleon did it." Of course Napoleon did it. It is such characters as he that are most likely to do it; and then, having covered himself with the hypocrit-ical panoply, to ruin kingdoms, desolate nations, and violate every precept of mo-rality and every principle of humanity. Yes, Napoleon did it; and so did Charle-mange before him, and Clovis, and Jus-tinian, and Theodosius, and Constantine, to say nothing of hundreds of the popes. But the fathers of this Republic were not such as any of these, the noblest pledge of which is the character of the Constitu-tion as it respects religion; for all of which every Christian can most reverently thank the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. IN 1819, on a thanksgiving day ap-pointed by the governor of Pennsylvania, Dr. Duffield preached a sermon at Car-lisle, in which he declared the Constitu-tion " entirely atheistical." Other such testimonies as the foregoing might be given to a wearisome extent, but with one more these must suffice. In 1859, Prof. J. H. Mcllvane, D. D., of the Col-lege of New JerseyŠPrinceton CollegeŠpublished an article in the Princeton, Re-view for October, in which he really la-mented that " the practical effect" of the Constitution as it is, with respect to re-ligion, "is the neutrality of the Govern-ment with respect to all religion;" and seemed to be much grieved " that no pos-sible governmental influence can be con-stitutionally exerted for or against any form of religious belief." So far, how-ever, all these criticisms and denunciations had been merely individual. Though they were strongly seconded and promoted by the legislative, judicial and executive authorities in almost all the States, there was as yet no organized attack upon the Federal Constitution, or regular war upon its principles. IN 1863, however, such an organization was effected and such a war was begun. In February of that year, " a convention for prayer and Christian conference " was 