326 ANIDEELICA.N SIENTaNIE1.4 VoL. 11, No. 41. upon the passions and caprices of the people. This is sound American principle. It is the fundamental principle of a government of the people. Let it not be forgotten that one of the chief fathers of this nation, Alexander Hamilton, in persuading the ratification of the Constitution, declared thatŠ Justice is the end of government. It is the end of civil society. . . . In a society, under the forms of which the stronger faction can readily unite and oppress the weaker, anarchy may as truly be said to reign as in a state of nature, where the weaker indi-vidual is not secured against the violence of the stronger.ŠFederalist LL And another of these, James Madison, nobly said :Š An elective despotism was not the government we fought for; but one which should not only be founded on free principles, but in which the powers of gov-ernment should be so divided and balanced among several bodies of magistracy as that no one could transcend their legal limits.ŠFederalist XLVIIL And when the agents of the people, ap-pointed under the forms of constitutional government, take the very unconstitutional course that brings about just the anarchy and elective despotism here pointed out, then it is the right of the people, by this double tenure, to see to it that such unconstitutional laws and proceedings are disregarded, and the Constitution made to prevail.ŠAlonzo T. Jones, in "Rights of the People," 1895, pp. 258-260. HUMAN LORDSHIP OVER THE CONSCIENCE HOSTILE TO CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. [Christian Statesman, September 19, 1896.] OBEDIENCE is to be rendered to rightful human authority for conscience' sake. But even in such cases the conscience is toward God. It recognizes the ultimate divine au-thority in all duties to man as well as in all duties to God. It is to be kept void of of-fense toward man as well as toward God, but its Lord is always and in all duty divine. The assumption by any human being or social body of the right to pronounce final and irreformable moral judgments, and to hold men to conscientious obedience to these definitions and interpretations as of ultimate authority, is to claim divine lordship over the consciences of men. To regulate human life according to this assumption must beget and nourish the spirit of despotism. It cannot fail to repress the exercise of the intellectual faculties and dull the moral sense. It will ever stand as a wall of separation between God and man. It smothers discussion and investigation. It strangles liberty of thought and speech and conscience in their very cradle. It forces the free action of mind into the shackles of stereotyped impressions. It dwarfs and hinders the work of the Holy Spirit, re-pressing the longings of man's soul for the indwelling of the divine Enlightener, and erecting a barrier in the way of the commu-nion of the souls of men, individually and so-cially, with God as God by his Spirit speak-ing directly to them in his Word. It impedes the immediate shining into the human soul of the truth by which the conscience is made quick and tender. God has given moral law to men in all the relations of human life in such form as to stimulate thought and quicken conscience. Every individual is to decide finally for him-self, like Peter and the other apostles, when he ought to obey God rather than man (Acts  5 : 29; comp. also 4:19). And councils and officers of the Christian Church as well as civil rulers are included here in the word " men " no less than the Jewish Sanhe-drim. . . . Whenever it is required of men to take the interpretation of God's law as given by any man or any body of men as infallible and ul-timately authoritative and thus binding on the conscience, the mainspring of the study of God's word, and of the investigation of the claims of divine law, and thus of all man's highest moral quickening is. weakened or it may be broken. Such a demand leaves no room for individual or social responsibility under the immediate obligations of divine law. Men become slavishly dependent upon the power that in any emergency of human life pronounces the infallible and irreform-able decree to which, as with conscience to-ward God, all are bound to submit. This robs obedience to moral law of its highest sanction by making it obedience to man as if it were to God and not to God himself. Reform and progress are terms that find no place in the vocabulary of such a system. The only liberty of which men can be pos-sessed under this system is liberty to repeat a treadmill round within the boundaries of its paramount and unchangeable decrees. With despotic mien it stands at the doors of human reformation and progress locked and barred with irreformable definitions. And worse still, the intellects and consciences that sub-mit to the fetters which this system imposes sooner or later lose their desire to enter these doors even when thrown wide open. The system which has been described in an abstract way in the foregoing paragraphs is in the concrete the system of Romanism. Its assumption of infallibility, of which fact there is no question, is in its very nature a claim of divine lordship over the consciences of men. It is the claim by a great system as well as by its official head, of the rightful authority of a mere mortal man, when speak-ing ex cathedra, or as the ultimate human mouth-piece of the ecclesiastical government, to give deliverance on all moral questions that are to bind the consciences of all other men as if these utterances were the very voice of God. This system appeals to the decision of the council at Jerusalem, of which we have the record in the 15th chapter of the Acts, as a warrant for the imperative and absolute au-thority of its own official decrees. But it must be remembered that that council or synod at Jerusalem was divinely inspired in doing what became a part of the infallible record of the Word of God. What it decreed was what seemed good to the Holy Ghost as well as to the council itself (Acts 15: 28). Its decrees thus became God's revealed law with claims on the conscience which no uninspired record of ecclesiastical acts can ever possess. To put the decrees of later councils or of su-preme pontiffs on the same high ground is to make them in effect a part of the inspired and infallible Word of God. It is the determination of the system of Romanism to be possessed of an authority from which the consciences of men are to be allowed no release that has, driven it with irresistible logic to the promulgation of the blasphemous dogma of the papal infallibility. And in this assumption it has planted itself in the path-way of the attainment and development of the civil and religious liberties of our race. Nay, more. Wherever and whenever it can assert its essential claims and develop its own inhe-rent character, without the restraints of any controlling power, it throws its deadly blight over the fair tree of civil and religious  liberty, and, however full of blossoms of promise or, ladened with ripened fruit, shriv-els it to the root. NEWS AND NOTES. THE "Sabbath Alliance" of Scotland has started a crusade against public bathing in Glasgow, on the ground that such bathing on Sunday constitutes a vi-olation of the "sabbath." THE Supreme Court of Indiana in a recent decision affirms the constitutionality of the Nicholson liquor law, and declares that the "natural right to pursue an ordinary calling" does not justify the act of selling intoxicating liquor at retail. THE St. Louis Post-Dispatch makes the statement that the total number of qualified voters in this coun-try is 15,137,889, and that of those actually voting about 10,000,000 are nominally Protestants, and about 2,090,000 are Roman Catholics. THE Christian Statesman sees in the observance of October 8 as a day of fasting and prayer by Christian people in answer to the call sent out by the Chicago ministers' union, a token of success for "national re-form" measures which will be brought before the country in the near future. A POLL of bishops, ministers, and delegates in at-tendance at the centennial celebration of the A. M. E. Zion Church of America, revealed the fact that the political sentiment of these representatives of that church is unanimously in favor of the Republican candidate and platform. The member-ship of the church is about 500,000. THE Congregational ministers of Chicago, in con-nection with the International Sunday Observance League, have begun an agitation against the use of a public gymnasium in Douglas Park, Chicago, on Sundays. A protest has been, sent to the park com-missioners against such use of the gymnasium, and it is expected that a spirited controversy over the ques-tion of Sunday observance will be the result. OSHKOSH, WIS., is still agitated over the question of the suppression of Sunday baseball playing. Up to the present time Sunday games have prevailed against the opposition of the Sundayists in that place, and the baseball season being now ended, the settle-ment of the question will naturally be deferred to next year. The waning interest of the public in the "national game," with the resulting decrease in re-ceipts has made Sunday games almost a necessity to the financial success of baseball as a business. Hence it may' be expected that Sunday baseball will be a Point about which the contest for enforced Sunday observance will wax warm during the summer of 1897. REPORTS from several counties in eastern Kentucky state that the mountaineers are greatly stirred up against Mormon preachers who have been making converts there, and have decided upon summary measures for driving them from the State. The trouble began when the Mormons held a camp-meet-ing only three miles distant from a Methodist camp-meeting which was in progress in the vicinity of Jackson. Word was sent to the Mormons that if they did not leave they would regret it, and this was fol-lowed by some fighting, in which it is said the Mor-mons were roughly used. A committee authorized by the Methodists and Baptists, have notified the 