AMERICAN SENTINEL. 761 State Constitution declaring that the public schools shall be non-sectarian. It is possible the squabble will be carried into the Federa Court. "The case comes up from Gage County, where a public school teacher insists on reading a chapter from the Bible daily and leading the school in prayer before beginning the day's work. The Catholics and agnostics of the county object to the practise. The State Super-intendent of Public Instruction was asked for an opinion and decided in favor of the Bible reading." "IT is rumored," says the Catholic Mirror, "that the pope will establish an Apostolic Delegation in Ber-lin, the only capital in Central Europe where the Holy See is not represented. The Prussian government keeps a legation in Rome, and a papal delegation would be equivalent to a legation, but it is likely that an inter-nunciature will rather be established." And the pope will not rest until he has an accredited representative at the seat of government of every pow-erful nation in the world. JUDGE ARMSTRONG, of the License Court of Camden, N. J., refuses to issue a renewal of license where it can be proven that the applicants have sold liquor on Sun-day during the past year. Ł ONE of the most remarkable swindling transactions that has of late come to light was discovered and broken up recently by the city authorities of Brooklyn; the details of which have since filled columns in the New York dailies. The most remarkable thing about the swindle, moreover, was not the ingenuity or "nerve" of its visible headŠa man named MillerŠbut the revela-tion of the fact that thousands of people in Greater New York and elsewhere were holding to the old delusion of getting "something for nothing," and paying out their money on the strength of it. They were promised returns of ten, fifteen, or twenty per cent. weekly on the sums they might loan to the "syndicate," and the office of the concern was fairly be-sieged with throngs of people of all classes anxious to put their money where it would reap these abnormal returns. That the thing could not be honest, any intel-ligent person might know, and it must be supposed most of these people did know; but they took no trouble about that. "Something for nothing," was the one thought that overshadowed all othersŠeven of regard for the rules of right, and justice. The end to their dream of sudden wealth came when "Miller," finding the city authorities getting ready to act in the matter, sud-denly disappeared, taking with him a million dollars  more or less of the funds of his dupes, and could not be found either by the latter or by the police. It was a rude ending, as such dreams are wont to have. Ł Out of the discussion of this subject have come the following pertinent observations which' are credited to that well-known figure in the business world, Mr. Chaun-cey Depew. Mr. Depew, it is stated, admitted having said that "all men and women are gamblers," and then proceeded to justify the statement to an interviewer by facts in his own experience:Š "Yes, I did say it, and, what is worse, it was the truth. My mail bears ample evidence of it. Letters are served up to me by the bushel-basketful from gamblers,  all over the country." "But you're not running a"Š "No," interrupted the senator promptly; "but if I were I might be the richest man in America. Men, women, and fools send me letters daily asking for listsŁ of the best places to .put their money in order to double or treble it in a week. They don't want anything less than 100 per cent. investments, and few of them make the limit for waiting more than a fortnight." "What kind of investments do they ask for?" "Oh, they don't care anything about the means," said the doctor, smiling; "the end is the only thing they're interested in. The rest they leave all to me, of-fering to send on their money." "And women?" "Why, the women are worse than the men. They would not be satisfied with something for nothing; they want a whole lot for nothing. The fact that this is an impossibility, however, is a sort of knowledge that nearly always comes late in life, like gray hairs or wrin-kles. Like these, however, it occasionally comes prema-turely, but never with women. . . . "It isn't only in America, however, that this condi-tion exists. It's everywhere. The whole human race are gamblers. They're all looking for something for nothing. The hardest workers among us areconstantly on the qui vive for something we can get without having to work for it. "In America the spirit of gambling amounts to a fever. It is more intense here because there are more instances of quick fortunes and lucky speculations. "The country boy leaves his father's farm with his clothes in a bandanna, and ten or fifteen years later pops up in a big city with a fortune of millions. A lucky beggar starts in life with a couple of hundred dollars, invests it properly, works hard and finishes a capitalist. It's a terrible example." [Mr. Depew glanced hopelessly toward his mail bas-ket.] "The lucky beggar and farmer boys are the cause of it all," he said, sighing. "They insist upon making themselves exceptions to the rule." "What rule?" "The rule that you can't win on a gamble. There's nothing in it. You can't get anything you don't work for. I never knew a gambler, a man who depended on luck and risks for his money, to die rich." 