gigNfirliNitLe Vol,. 8, No. 84. the Christian forces of the world and direct them against the materialism and unbelief of the present day. But, inasmuch as wide differences in principles and measures would necessarily occur in any such organization, the bishop, in words that now seem to have been well-nigh prophetic, suggested " Church Con-gresses" as a remedy for this inevitable condition of affairs. To illustrate his point he says :Š For example, this " Christian Alliance " may agree to sustain the Sunday laws. Differences of views as to the " Christian Sabbath " may seem to clog the effort, but then, it will call a "Congress," and give freedom to all Christians to compare their ideas, and to reach a good understanding. If these words were significant when they were first written, they are doubly so now. Such an " alliance ' (not Chris-tian, alas, but unfortunately, very much the opposite of it), while not theoretically established in name, has been practically at work for some time in fact. The " Church Congress " has already been called, it has been decided to sustain the Sunday laws already existing and frame all the new ones possible, while the una-nimity with which the partisans of the Sunday movement are already beginning to call down the wrath of Heaven upon all who oppose their ideas, furnishes a reliable index to the " freedom " likely to be given to those whose " differences of views " are such as to " clog the efforts " of these would-be regulators of public morals. " Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy." Isa. 8: 12. J. W. SCOLES. Graysville, Tenn. A Warning from " Father" Chiniquy. [The following was written for the Interior, a Presbyterian paper published in Chicago, but was rejected. " Father " Chiniquy, appeals to " all the papers which take an interest in the present and too successful efforts of Popery to take possession of the United States, to reproduce this warning letter. "1 Editor of the Interior:ŠI consider it a duty to address you a few remarks on your article of 25th of May last, -"The Rumor." 1. You are right when you say that the letter of Leo XIII. ordering the Catholics to kill the Protestants on the 5th of next September, is a hoax. But you are sadly mistaken when you say that they, the Roman Catholics, do not prepare them-selves for the impending bloody conflict which they are provoking. 2. It is an undeniable fact that the Roman Catholics are forming secret and military companies under the names of Hibernians, St. Patrick's Cadets, St. Pat-rick's Mutual Alliance, Knights of St. Peter, Knights of Columbkill, The Sacred Heart, etc. Those secret societies are not only drilled, but they are well armed, some of them with arms bought by them-selves; some got from the governors who bought their votes under that condition. They parade your streets several times a year under the name and mask of State militi 3. I was a priest of Rome twenty-five years, and have been a citizen of the United States since 1856. During that time I have lectured in more than three hundred of your largest cities, towns and villages, and I have had many opportu-nities of being acquainted with the unde-niable facts which I proclaim here, though  they are kept under the most sacred secrecy by the Roman Catholics. 4. Before many years your country will be drenched with the blood shed by these secret Roman Catholic societies, armed with the best modern weapons, forming an army already more than half a million of men. 5. To prove that there is no danger, you tell us that the Roman Catholics are not insane. Surely the Roman Catholics are not in-sane when they take possession of New York, Boston, Washington, St. Paul, St. Louis, Cincinnati, New Orleans, Mobile, San Francisco, Chicago, etc., etc., and drive away almost all the Protestants from the positions of honor, power, trust and money. 6. You are right to tell us that the Ro-man Catholics are not insane when, with their marvelous, mysterious, diabolical deceptions, they persuade every year more than ten thousand (10,000!) of the very best Protestant families to entrust the education of more than ten thousand young Protestant ladies to the nuns of the Pope, who soon make them Papists, and then get their millions of dollars for the holy (?) church. Ł 8. You are perfectly correct when you tell us that the Roman Catholics are not insane when, being ordered by their church to destroy the great principles of liberty, equity, tolerance, self-respect and patriotism, which are melting Romanism as the rays of the sun melt the ice and snow, they so obstinately and sternly aim at destroying your schools where your young men learn those great principles of liberty, equity, tolerance and self-respect which are the death knell of Romanism in the United States if they stand. 9. It is evident to every one of your readers that the Roman Catholics are not insane when, not being more than the eighth part of the population, they not only rule your press, command your armies, man your navy, but they are forc-ing you to yield, yield, yield, day after day, till very soon the American Protest-ants will have to take the background everywhere, and let the Roman Catholics rule this country- for the benefit of the Pope. 10. But those Roman Catholics who are not insane know very well that there are many Protestant Americans who think that the time has quite come to put a stop to those concessions, privileges and yield-ings in favor of RomeŠif they do not want to become as strangers in their own country. The order has come from Rome to sharpen the swords and the bayonetsŠto prepare the powder and the bullets, in order to get rid of those who will refuse to be ruled by the priests, the bishops and the cardinals of the holy (?) church. When you say to the Protestants, " There is no danger," you must have forgotten that the Jure Canonis says positively : " It is not a sin nor a murder for a Catholic to kill a Protestant." You must also have forgotten the declaration of St. Thomas, who has lately been put among the Doctors of the Church of Rome, and whose works have been approved by all the Popes, and by Pius IX. in particu-lar. These are his words :Š Though heretics must not be tolerated because they deserve it, we must wait till they are twice admonished to submit to the holy church. But if, after a second admonition, they persist in their errors, they must not only be excommunicated,  but they must be delivered to the secular powe to be " exterminated1"ŠSt. Thomas, "Theologia," vol. 4, p. 90. The 30th December, 1870, I forced Bishop Foley, of Chicago; to swear before the court of Kankakee that this was the pres-ent law of the church of Rome towards the heretics,. Wherever they are the ruling putvet. 11. You must forget that the few years before the last terrible and so bloody civil war, several prophets had been sent by our merciful God to warn the northern people against the approaching storm, and to reproach them for their yieldings and coward concessions to the slaveholders. You remember that, with a burning elo-quence, these prophets foretold that those concessions made to the merciless slave-holders would be paid with the blood and the tears of the northern people! How were these prophets answered ? Just with the very words you use to-day : " There is no danger !" " The southern men are not insane! " " We are two northern men against one in the south !" And those who saw and foretold the im-pending danger then were rebuked and called fanatics. They were accused of spreading false alarmŠthey were even driven away from their towns and cities; more than thatŠa good number of them were stoned; and even put to death as fanatics and disturbers of the peace. The ministers of the gospel were the most in earnest in those days, as they are, unfortunately, to-day, crying peace ! peace ! and put the people to sleep till the echoes of the land reverberated the booming of the cannon of Sumpter. You know the rest. . . . Yours truly, C. CHINIQUY. A Nation Cannot Be Christian. A CHRISTIAN is a follower of Christ, and since Christ is not divided, but is "the same yesterday, and to-day and for ever," there can be only one standard of Christianity, and that is the life of Christ. " Why call ye me Lord, Lord, and do not the things that I say ?" the Saviour asks. The beloved disciple says: " He that saith he abideth in Him, ought himself also so to walk even as he walked." 1 John 2: 6. " He hath showed thee, 0 man, what is good; and what doth the Lord require of thee, but to do justly, and to love mercy, and to humble thyself to walk with thy God ?" Micah 6: 8, margin. " Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart; and ye shall find rest unto your souls." Matt. 11 : 29. Meekness, then, is an essential quality of a Christian. Hear what Jesus says : " I say unto you that ye resist not evil; but whosoever shall smite thee on the right cheek, turn to him the other also." Again : " Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you ; that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven. Matt. 5 :39, 44, 45. Again the Master said: " If ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses." " Then came Peter to him and said, Lord, how often shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him ? till seven times ? Jesus saith unto him, I say not unto thee, until seven times;  but, until seventy times seven." Matt. 18: 21, 22. He said also, " If he trespass against thee seven 