AMERICAN SENTINEL. 797 "What is the differencelbetween a lion and a bear?" "One thing is, a lion holds his head up, and looks bold; but a bear holds his head down, and looks sneaky and savage." "That will do. Now, can either a lion, or a bear, be a Christian?" "No, sir. No more'n the pig could." "If the nation represented by the lion, or the bear, had declared by law or decree, that it was a Christian nation, would it have made itself a Christian nation?" "No, sir; it would have told a lie." "Now can you think of another nation that is repre-sented in the Bible by a beast?" "Yes, sir. The two-horned beast is like the United States." "Well, here is a picture of a two-horned beast. How do you like his looks?" "He looks cross." "He looks some like a tiger." "He has got a mane like a lion." "He's got two little horns; I shouldn't think hecould hook very well with them." "Can such a beast be a Christian?" "No, sir!" "Can the people who make up this nation, and are as bad tempered as such a beast, be a Christian nation?" "No, sir; but there are some good Christians among them." "Yes; but they belong to the kingdom of heaven. There are, also, a good many others not claiming to be Christians, who are excellent people, and who would like to better the management of the government, but can-not. God represents the nation by the spirit that actu-ally rules it. Now, if I should write on a slip of paper, as I did for the pig, This is a Christian,' would that make him a Christian any more than it did the pig?" "No, sir." "Well, on the 29th of February, 1892, the Supreme Court of the United States declared this to be 'a Chris-tian nation.' Did that decision make it a Christian nation?" "No, sir. It was like the two-horned beast just the same as before." "True. In the Bible God does not change the symbol or beast representing this nation to the end of time; only he is once or twice called the 'false prophet,' because he said he was a Christian when he wasn't one at all." A. SMITH. - 10- Ł -4 4 MRS. V. F. Cox, in the December issue of The Defender, makes the truthful observation that the training of chil-dren to proper Sabbath observance cannot be accom-plished "by the methods employed by the stern old man who tied his boy to the bedpost on the Sabbath so he shouldn't play marbles, and made him learn the hymn, Thine earthly Sabbaths, Lord, we love.' " Give Full Directions. IN making remittances, please be sure to give post-office and State where the paper is to be sent. D. S. Abbott, without address, sends us the subscrip-tion price of one year. We cannot give credit until we know where he is receiving the paper. The Last Call. PLEASE notice that our present offer to send our Premium Bible, advertised on last page, and the AMERI-CAN SENTINEL, one year, for $3,50, expires with the present month. All orders dated not later than Friday, December 31, 1897, will be filled at that price, but after that date the price will be $3.75. The Bible is a good one, as all who have seen it can testify, and is really worth alone all that is asked for it and the SENTINEL. Send money by postal order or express money order or by bank draft on New York, made payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York. TO 017R PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other ii.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, 44. 44 Six months, ti Three - $1.00. .512 .26 ADDRESS, ArIERICAN SENTINEL., 39 Bond Street, New York. 