AMERICAN SENTINEL. 755 The Congressional Sunday Bill Again. THE promoters of the scheme to secure from Congress the enactment of a Sunday law for the District of Colum-bia, by which they hope to insert into the government an entering Wedge of Sunday legislation, are on hand to introduce their project in the present session of Congress, at the first favorable opportunity. The bill which they hope to have enacted into law was introduced in the House last March, but was laid over as unfinished busi-ness. It is this:Š "A BILL "To further protect the first day of the week as a day of "rest in the District of Columbia. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it shall not be lawful for any person to keep open any place of business or maintain a stand for the sale ofany article or articles of profit during Sunday, excepting vendors of books or newspapers, and apothe-caries for the dispensing of medicines, and undertakers for the purpose of providing for the dead, or others for the purposes of charity or necessity; nor shall any public playing of football or baseball or any other kind of play-ing, sports, pastimes, or diversions, disturbing the peace and quiet of the day, be practiced by any person or per-sons within the District of Columbia on Sunday; nor shall any building operations or work upon railroad con-struction be lawful upon said day; and for any violation of this Act the person offending shall, for each offense, be liable to a fine of not less than five dollars nor more than fifty dollars, and in the case of corporations there shall be a like fine for every person employed in violation of this Act laid upon the corporation offending. "SEc. 2. That it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution for labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest. This Act shall not be construed to prevent the sale of refreshments other than malt or spirituous liquors, or to prevent the sale of malt and spirituous liquors as now provided for by law, or tobacco, cigars, railroad and steamboat tickets, or the collection and de-livery of baggage." The promoters of this bill are willing that, for the present, people who observe another day than Sunday as the Sabbath shall be allowed to work on Sunday, pro-vided they can do so without disturbing people who keep Sunday. Now it is a matter of common observation that Sunday work can be performed without disturbing anybody, by people who do not keep the seventh day. But it has also been frequently demonstrated that any kind of Sunday work by people who do not keep the seventh day is extremely liable to disturb some person who keeps Sunday. In fact, it is practically certain that in the average community such disturbances would be inevitable, and if the disturber escaped prosecution, it would be only because the disturbed parties failed for some reason to bring the charge against him. From the standpOint of morality, also, it may well be queried why a bill which allows the sale of whisky and tobacco on Sunday should prohibit the sale of clothing. The latter is certainly more essential to warmth and comfort in the winter months, in this latitude, than are the former. Of course, the object in the preparation of this bill has been to eliminate as far as possible everything which would bring opposition to it. But will not those whose opposition is thus supposed to have been eliminated, look deep enough into the matter to see that if this bill is passed, the principle of Sunday prohibition of business is established, and no logical barrier will remain to the extension of the law till it shall include all classes of peo-ple and every kind of business whatever? If they do not see this in it, they will be strangely blind to very obvious truths which concern their interests.  Ł -4 The Way They Argue. THE December issue of The Defender, the organ of the "New England Sabbath Protective League," published, some "arguments" in favor of Sunday laws, from two well-known advocates of the same, the Hon. John Charl-ton, M. P., and Rev. S. M. Dick, of Lowell, Mass. A com-parison of some of the statements made by these two authorities on the subject, reveals the real force of the "arguments" upon which the cause of the Sunday law depends. For instance, Mr. Charlton, among other statements, says this:Š "I might be asked to point out, as a justification for the enactment of this law, some beneficial fruits or results of rest from labor on the seventh day of the week, and I shall very briefly refer to a few facts, which, I think, war_ rant me in asserting that beneficial results do follow from Sunday rest. One of the great economic evils of the day is OVER PRODUCTION. We have too much food produced, too many textile fabrics, too much of everything. Our markets are glut-ted, prices are cheapened, the whole course of business is deranged from over-production, and the employment of labor during seven days in the week is calculated to make this evil greater. The employment of labor seven days in the week is calculated to enlarge the volume of over-pro-duction, which in six days in the week is already too great. And for that reason, on economic grounds, the adoption of this system of securing a rest day for labor would produce important and beneficial results." And almost side by side with this the Defender prints the following from Rev. Mr. Dick:Š "The second source of authority is found in the phys-ical laws of the universe. It is a scientific fact,Štime for-bids giving the proof,Šthat if two men, equal in every sense, begin the same kind of work, one working six days in the week and resting one, the other working seven days in the week, that the one resting one day in each week, at the end of six months, will produce twice as much of the product that they are making, in one week's time, as the 