AMERICAN SENTINEL. 657 sackcloth at the time, which in itself must have been tort u e." "I suppose when they bad punished themselves enough, they were ready for more wickedness," suggested Joe Palmeter. "Certainly; and all this folly comes from the mis taken idea that man can atone for his own sins. But we who have God's Word to read, learn that it is only the blood of Jesus Christ which cleanses the soul from sin," said Professor Carman. "I believe I understand that the Protestant leader, Henry of Navarre, escaped from Paris, did he not, after the dreadful massacre of St. Bartholomew?" asked Max Smith, "did anyone ever hear from him after that?" "0 yes, Max; when he found himself safe from his persecutors, he rallied a large number of Huguenots, and prepared to fight for their principles to the bitter end. But alas, the weapons of their warfare were carnal, and nothing but trouble could result. There was a very pow-erful party called the League which opposed them bit-terly, and were determined they should have no religious rights at all. Yet these same people knew well that if their present king Henry III. died without a son, that this Henry of Navarre would be the rightful monarch. At last the king joined the League against the Hu guenots. but Henry of Navarre was a brave soldier and a good commander. He gained a great victory at Contras." "I wonder if King Henry III. left playing with his puppies in the midst of these troubles," smiled Fred Green. "0 no, and that is about all he did do. But he was insanely jealous of the Duke of Guise, and the influence which he exerted over the people; so, to make a long story short, he sent for the duke, and as he was entering his room, some assassins fell upon him and stabbed him to death. Then the king declared he felt better, for he could be king of his own country without fearing the pop-ularity of Guise." "I suppose then that the son of the duke took up the quarrel, likely, didn't he?" asked Florence Ray. "No; but his brothers did, and as the duke had been much beloved by the Catholic element, be was sincerely mourned, and in fact the pope was so stirred up about it that he excommunicated the cruel king. And yet it was the Duke of Guise who assisted in the murder of the innocent old Admiral Coligny. So it seems that his vio-lent dealings came down upon his own pate, in the words of the Psalmist. "Next week we will learn about the death of Henry III. and something of his successor, Henry of Navarre, who reigned until the year 1610." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. THE faithful servant of God will be never wanting in the service of his fellowmen. TO OUR PATRONS:  1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State. either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF 'FRB International Religious liberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00. " " Six months, .50 44 Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. ŠAn Ideal Book of Travel.Š BY LAND AND SEA 0-6) ern A JOURNEY THROUGH FIVE CONTINENTS. STARTING from the interior of the United States, the reader quickly finds himself transported, as it were, to the scenes of the journey, the several stopping places being California, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia, India, Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, England, and Holland, The aim of the narrative, which has been written almost wholly rom original notes and observations, has been especially directed to the object of presenting the life and nature of those regions, apart from the mental instruction and its inherent features of intellectual entertainment. The author has happily found, in the object lessons of life under its various phases and conditions, illustrations of moral truths, which are portrayed In a manner at once instructive and attractive. The book contains 392 pages, embellished with over 100 original, full-page engravings designed especially for this work, and numerous part-page illustrations, and is fur-nished in the following bindings:Š Pine silk-finished cloth, embossed in gold and colored ink, marbled edges $2.25 .( 11 " gilt titles 2.76 Pine Russia Leather, gold side and back titles, gilt edges, extra finish 3.90 Address, PCICIFIC MSS PUBLISHING coNrgy, 39 Bond Street, New York City, A NEW TRACT CATALOGUE. 36  Descriptive Catalogue of the Bible Students; Apples of Gold, and Religious Liberty Libraries " is the title of this 36 page catalogue. It gives a pithy description of each tract and pamphlet in the above Libraries, together with their size and price. It will greatly assist the reader to select such numbers as he may desire to read and circulate; and may be obtained FREE by addressing the Pacific Press Publishing Com. pany, Oakland, Cal.; 39 Bond St., NewYork City, N.Y.;  18 W. 5th St., Kan. sas City, Mo.: or Review ar d Herald. Battle Creek, Mich.; Atlanta, Ga. 