THE AMERICAN sENTINEL. 61. in the Nation. The strongest political power, so far as religious organizations are concerned, is the Papacy and the Papacy would very largely dictate such creeds, and control such schools. Thus Dr. Ful-ton is convicted of blindly espousing the cause of Romanism, while still remaining the champion in the fight against Ro-manists. Separation of Church and State means, to him, merely separation of the Roman Church and the State. That "the State has no right to recognize the Church," means only that it has no right to recognize the Roman Catholic Church; and the " free exercise of religious profes-sion and worship, without discrimination orpreference," means the free exercise of the Protestant religion by Protestants, with the right and the power to force that religion upon the children of Catholics, and then compel the Catholics to pay for it. What wonderful ignorance of the Golden Rule ! Who needs to be told that this is the spirit of Romanism, and that this spirit clothed with the power of the State would persecute all who oppose it, as much as the Papacy would ? G. E. FIFIELD. That Steamboat. LAST summer a little pleasure steamer, capable of carrying perhaps fifteen or twenty persons, passed through Fulton, New York, in the canal, on Sundays, on its way to picnic grounds up the river. This became a shocking affair to some of the members of the Auxiliary American Sabbath Union of that place. Therefore the Union was called together, and the subject introduced in the form of a ques-tion :- 1)id any one see or hear that steamboat yes-terday? No one had seen or heard it. In fact, any one to see or hear it must needs be down at the canal; for, six rods away no one would know that it was passing. This is but one more evidence of how easily some people are disturbed and shocked on Sunday, and what forms the basis of some pleas for Sunday laws. But the secret is that that boat had been known to take from the village, and the church, some professors of religion, and others, who, of course, would not have gone from the church or village had it not been for that unsanctified, pleasure-seeking steamboat. Hence the boat must be dealt with. What for ?ŠPresumably to keep these otherwise good people from being forced to go on excursions, and thereby lose the sermons and church priv-ileges on the "American Sabbath." I believe that these American Sabbath Union clergymen could do more real good for their church and their country in .one week of real earnest, Christ-like work with the hearts of these individuals, who have not religion enough to lead them to church, or keep them away from the pleasure  steamboat on Sunday, than they can in a lifetime of trying to legislate away the civil rights of American citizens. The Church to-day needs more of the power of God and less of the power of the State; and then she would have more power with the people, and the little steamboat down in the canal would not disturb the church on the hill. A. E. PLACE. Ł  The Stundists of Russia. FOR two hundred years and more Russia has been the breeding-place of a host of sects, large and small. Notwithstanding the policy of uniformity which, accord-ing to the ideal of Czar Nicholas, aims to establish " one Czar, one tongue, and one church for all the Russians," the " Ras-col," or religious schism has prospered and grown. The history of this dissent can be understood only as the outcome of a number of peculiar social and religious factors and forces. It is the peasantry who in nearly each and every case consti-tute these schismatic congregations. In reality there is no middle class in Russia. Society is divided between the nobility and the peasants. The trades and busi-nesses are recruited from the ranks of the peasants. In harmony with this state of affairs is the further fact that the organi-zation of religious dissent has never been on the basis of doctrinal difference. The present growth of religious schisms, es-pecially the development of the Stundist movement, can be rationally explained only when the social effect of the emanci-pation of the serfs is take into considera-tion. By this act several million serv-ants, practically slaves, became freedmen, who, when delivered from the oppression of superiorS, were also at the same time compelled to do their own thinking, pro-vide for their own support, and manage their own affairs. Of the movements, more or less directly resulting from this social revolution, that of the Stundists is the most important. Their name points to a German origin, and the outward impetus to the organization of the communion came from the German colonists of South-ern Russia, although the Stundists, to a man, are Russians. These colonists of the Southern Steppes were accustomed to hold meetings called "Standen" or "hours" for Bible study, devotion, and prayer. To them first the name Stundists was given as a term of reproach. But these Ger-mans were industrious and sober, and it was this material prosperity, and not their piety, that was the first and leading im-pulse given for the Stundist agitation among the Russian farmers. The more sober-minded recognized the necessity of a reformation in principles and morals as an absolute perquisite to success and pros-perity. And in this historic origin of the movement lies the explanation of its character. The Stundists' agitation is, to all intents and purposes, a movement aim- ing at a betterment of the morals and life of the Russian peasant. It has assumed a religious phase in so far as this reforma-tion of life must proceed from th% regen-eration of the heart. As a result the Stundists are a sober, industrious, honest people, and are thus distinguished from the common mass of Russian peasants. The object was originally anything rather than a rupture with the State church. It was to be a moral reformation within the Ortho-dox Church; but in recent years the Stundists have been compelled, chiefly by the persecution of the Czar and the Holy Synod, to break with the State church. Testimony as to the high moral charac-ter of the Stundists can be secured from unprejudiced sources. A representative witness recently wrote: "All who know the Stundists regard them as sober, re-spectable, honest, industrious people, the very pick among the peasantry. They are work-loving people, do not steal, do not become intoxicated, do not lie, do not slander, and in general conduct them-selves as true Christians. Their family life is unblamable. They use intoxicants only for medical purposes." The bearing of this last sentence can be seen when it is remembered that the intemperance of the Russian peasants is beyond description. The late Archbishop of Odessa, Nicanor, a few months ago, was compelled to issue a public manifesto against the drink-devil of the Russian peasants, and, in it, called attention to the sober lives of the hated Stundists. A prominent medical journal published in St. Petersburg, lately stated that it was the habit of many Russian peasants to get drunk on Vodka, and re-main so for weeks without sobering up even for an hour. " The curse of this in-toxicant," it states in conclusion, " is more terrible than the dire results of syphilis." Against this general intemperance of the Russian peasantry the Stundist movement is a popular protest. Even the public press, notwithstanding the strict censor-ship, can not but praise these simple-hearted but noble people. After- report-ing a Stundist trial, a prominent Russian journal added : " These people who read the Scriptures and endeavor to conform to their precepts; these people who seek for the truth and are not satisfied with the formalism of religious ceremonies; these honest, sober, diligent folks who perform all their duties to the State and to society Šthese are held charged with being cul-prits! Indeed, hearing the testimony from the lips of those' accused is like leaving a foul atmosphere and entering the air of the sweet-scented and aroma filled Southern Steppe." The Stundist movement originated in the village of Osnowa, near Kief. The ex-act date is not settled, but the first Stund-ist trial took place in 1867, and Stundist meetings were reported in 1865. The two leading men were Onistshenks and Mi-chail Ratushiuj, both common day laborers. 