The Graphic Atlas AND Gazetteer of the World. With over 220 Maps, Charts, Plans of Cities, etc., All revised to the present date. ŠALSOŠ GAZETTEER with nearly 55,000 PLACES and RESULTS of NEW CENSUS. By J. B. BARTHOLOMEW. F.R.C.S., F.R.S.E. Quarto (size, 10% x 8% inches), half morocco, gilt top. PUBLISHER'S PRICE, - $7.50 OUR PRICE, Post-paid, - $3.I5 In the Throughout the Atlas the countries of the world have been treated with fullness Łin proportion to their commercial importance and interest. United States section a separate Map is given of each of the States and Territories. The Canadian Provinces are treated in similar detail. These Maps have been specially compiled from the latest and best Government Survey Maps, and have undergone local revision for the verification of New Counties, Townships and Railways. Among the special features are Maps of the Hudson and Rhine Rivers, the Yosemite Valley, United States Rail-ways, British Isles Railways, mean Annual Temperature, mean Annual Rainfall; also Maps showing environs of New York, Chicago. Philadelphia, Boston, San Francisco, New Orleans, Montreal, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Rio Janeiro, London, Liverpool, Manchester, Moville, Paris, Vienna, Rome, Constantinople, Cape Town, Jerusalem, etc., etc. The G A ZETTEER of the WORLD is a valuable feature for such a book of reference. It contains entries for about 55,000 places, is compiled from the latest authorities, and is specially complete in American names, The results of the New Census have been incorporated. For compactness sad portability this volume is, in proportion to its ample contents, quite unique among Atlases. ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. .:. The Story of .:. iteairrt rstand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG. A Native Daughter. PITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 2894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. Ł Ł B I 13  L NH  S Ł.Ł I  Ł B Ł L  Ł li]  Ł S PEBRUARY 14, 1896. it than it would be to oppose annual ap-propriations from the public treasury for the direct support of the ministry. The Baptists are largely in favor of doing away with this unequal and partial discrimina-tion, and they are not atheists. It is not a question of religious belief or unbelief, but of entire separation of Church and State, and strict justice to all taxpayers,ŠThe (N. Y.) Independent, Jan. 81. Ripening Fruit for Others' Gardens. CARDINAL VAUGHAN, of the English Roman Catholic Church, boldly confesses that the ordinary way by which Rome gains converts to her communion is, that when certain classes of the English Church-men are drawn into the ritualistic net, the fruit ripens so that energy enough on the part of the Romanists to shake the tree will give them possession of that which seems ready to drop into their hands. The same spirit can be seen in the Roman Church here, and the same hope. In this country, however, it expects to gain much, as a reaction from the irrever-ence and laxity of discipline and doctrine which it claims are increasing in the Protestant churches with rapidity.ŠThe Christian, Advocate, Jan. 81, 1895. IT is announced that " a pan-American congress of religion and education will be .held during the coming summer in the United States to which people of all be-liefsŠCatholic, Protestant and HebrewŠin every country of North and South Amer-ica, will be invited. The congress will last one week, and have two general ses-sions each day and ten sectional meetings each afternoon. Many of the highest dig-nitaries of Church and State, and wealthiest philanthropists of North America, have promised co-operation in the promotion of the congress. " Rev. Samuel G. Smith, D. D., pastor of the People's Church, St. Paul, Minn., is the president, and Mr. S. Sherin has been elected secretary and general promoter of the congress. The fixing of the time and place of meeting has been referred to a special committee composed of the presi-dent, secretary, and Rev. Arthur Edwards, D. D., Chicago; Rev. H. W. Bennett, D. D., Akron, Ohio, and Rev. David J. Burrill, D. D. New York City. "Among those who have promised co-operation are Archbishop Ireland and many prominent Catholics; Rev. Bishop Mahlon N. Gilbert, D. D. (Episcopal), of Minnesota Ł Rev. Bishop J. H. Vincent, D. D., of Kansas ; Rev. Bishop J. H. Hurst of Washington, D. C. ; Rev. Bishop C. H. Fowler, D. D., and President W. R. Har-per, University of Chicago." A DISPATCH from Wilmington, Del., 'under date of February 5, says :Š Very Rev. Friar Sylvester Jeorg, of the Catholic Church of the Sacred Heart, had a controversy with some of the Wilmington clergy about riding bicycles, and he wrote to Rome for a decision. Cardinal Isido-rue sent him a decision rendered last September by the Holy See. A bishop in Hungary, forbidding one of his priests to ride a bicycle, a controversy resulted and the bishop appealed to Rome. The Holy See gave this decision:Š " We embrace your action and your decision in the above matter, because the decision will save priests from being injured and prohibit them from setting a bad example and keep them from being joked by fellow-priests." The letter, it is stated, has caused a sen-sation in Wilmington, as nearly every priest there rides a bicycle. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents, Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, " Before He Is Twenty," ORŠ " Five Perplexing.  Phases of the Boy Question," IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. IT is divided into five chapters, by as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a boy's life. The first chapter, "THE BOY AND HIS FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " WHEN HE DECIDES," " THE BOY IN THE OFFICE," "His EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and "LOOKING TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and helpful. 104 pages, bound in club, embossed in Jet and gold, price, - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. A _LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. ogo  Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. 