654 AMERICAN SENTINEL. taken' from the channels of peaceful industry and ad-vancement in civil pursuits, leaving the nation stranded upon the shoals of financial distress. What Spain wants Šwhat every nation wantsŠis not a larger navy, but more of the principles of just government in the hearts of rulers and of the people. Leo XIII., Statesman. THE eyes of all Europe are turned towards this coun-try, anxious to know what the Americans will do with the Philippines. Not the least interested are the Catholics of the Old World on account of the vast interests of the Catholic Church in those islands, for the United States has de-manded that there should be a separation there of church and state. One thing is evident: the Catholics expect to be the gainers in the end, by such a step, though they may lose somewhat, even to the confiscation of their churchly pos-sessions. There is something however, which the Catholic Church regards more than these. What it is will appear from the following, in a letter by W. T. Stead, in the Sun-day World, of October 2. Mr. Stead reports a conversation had with a Catholic official of high rank in the Belgian government, but of pronounced liberal views, even to the extent that he thought it would be a good thing for church and state in the Philippines to be separated. Having recently come from the Vatican whither he had been called for counsel by the pope and the cardinal Secretary of State, he was asked if the pope shared his view with reference to the religious liberty question in the Philippines. Note the reply: "You cannot expect the pope to make any declaration in that sense. He could not do so without repudiating doctrines affirmed by his predeces-sors. But he is a statesman: he is a practical man, and Rome is swarming with American clerics who have con-siderable influence at the Vatican. . . . Of course as a matter ofprinciple no pope can declare in favor of any refusal to enforce religious uniformity. But if you ask me what I really believe I must tell you that if the Amer-icans establish religious liberty in the Philippines, the pope will find his compensation in the increased liberty which he will enjoy in dealing with the clergy without the intermeddling of the civil power." Of course it goes without saying that the Catholic Church is intolerantŠit is eternally opposed to religious liberty; and the pope, from principle, could not declare himself in favor of any such thing as religious liberty. To do so -Would indeed be to deny his church of which he is the head. But, and mark the word, "the pope is a statesman and a practical man." Of course he is, and there is none better: and therefore Leo XIII. can be relied upon to ex- hibit his statesmanship by hoodwinking other states-men (and Americans at that) into the belief that he is not opposed to religious liberty. Any loss to the papacy in the Philippines will, it is expected, be compensated for by the increased liberty the pope "will enjoy in dealing with the clergy without the intermeddling of the civil power." And this compensation Leo III., pope and statesman, can be relied upon to get. That is so. For years the popes have been restive because of the restraints imposed upon them by the "intermeddling civil powers." In his encyclical of Jan. 6, 1892, to the hierarchy in America, the pope says of the Catholic Church: "She would bring forth more abun-dant fruits, if, in addition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public au-thority." This is what she is after; this is the compensation looked for, and to get it, Leo XIII., pope and statesman, would be willing to lose a good deal in the Philippines. And furthermore, there is no question but what he will get it. C. H. K. Puritan Religion. A DESCRIPTION of the old New England Sunday is cal-culated to make restless children of the present day, and possibly some of their elders, thankful they were not born two centuries ago. Sunday morning a horn was loudly blown to an-nounce the hour of worship; service began at nine o'clock and lasted for eight hours, with an intermission of one hour for dinner and conversation. In the earliest days the congregation sat on rude benches, their seats being assigned them at town-meeting. The service consisted of several parts, which are chronicled in an ancient diary as follows:Š "Preliminary prayer or invocation; chapter of Bible read and expounded; Psalm in metre, read out line by line by Deacon S.; long prayer on various matters, one hour and a half; sermon of one hundred to one hundred and fifty pages. At close of service, baptism; sinners put on trial, confessed before congregation. Minister C. bowed right and left, no person stirring till he had passed do*n and out of the meeting-house." AN attempt is to be made on a certain day not yet selected in the year 1900 to, take an exact census of the population of the earth, the, reports to be sent in to a central establishment at Berne, Switzerland. The distri-bution of those who take the census will be made upon the estimates of population made by John Bartholomew, F. R. G. S., of Edinburgh. These are that, in round numbers, the population of the world is 1,525,500,000, divided as follows: Indo-Germanic, or Aryan, 545,500,-000; Mongolian, or Turanian, 630,000,000; Negro and Bantu, 150,000,000; Hottentot and Bush,150,000,000; Malay and Polynesian, 35,000,000; and American In-dian, 15,000,000. 