342 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. sist that the people must be compelled to obey the laws, and rest on Sunday. Just how much this talk is actuated by the true principles of patriotism and a C.esire to observe laws that are generally ad-mitted to be good, may be seen quite clearly by giving a little attention to some things that are now being done in Chicago by these Sunday closing advocates. On Sunday afternoon, September 25, a mass-meeting was held in Chicago for the purpose of creating sentiment that would induce the merchants on the " West Side" to keep their stores closed on Sunday. The Chicago papers in reporting the meeting made the fact quite prominent that it is proposed to boycott all the merchants who would not close their places of bus-iness on the "American Sabbath." That the papers were not unjust in making these statements may be seen from the following preamble and resolution which was adopted at the meeting :Š WHEREAS, It is contrary to the laws of Illinois and against the express wish of the people of Chi-cago, propagated through the churches and labor organizations through the agency of the daily press, for the clothing stores to open their doors on the Sabbath day; and, WHEREAS, The citizens of the West Side, in mass-meeting assembled, on this Sunday, Septem-ber 25, do earnestly protest against the continuance of this evil; therefore, be it Resolved, That it be the sense of this meeting that we, the purchasing public of this, the West Side, do agree not to purchase any goods sold by any store that may keep open its doors on the Sab-bath. This resolution in the most express terms declares a general boycott. They combine together not to purchase any goods sold by any store that may keep open on the Sabbath. No matter what may be thought or believed in regard to the sanctity of Sunday, and whether or not it be a Christian institution, it must be admitted that the boycott is not a Christian method of compelling the mer-chants of Chicago to keep the day, in order to give some of their clerks an op-portunity to obey it without losing their job. The individual who does not have enough faith in the principles of the Christian religion to lead him to observe the day without having it fixed so that he can do it without the risk of losing his job, has not learned the first principles of Christianity. But notice that the first preamble to this resolution starts out with a tribute of respect to the laws of Illinois, of course reference being made to 'the laws in re-gard to Sunday. If these champions of law have read the statutes of Illinois very extensively, they have without doubt ob-served the following, taken from the " Revised Statutes of Illinois," Chicago Legal News Co., edition of 1887, edited by Harvey B. Hurd, page 438:Š If any two or more persons conspire or agree to-gether, or the officers or executive committee of any society or organization or corporation, shall issue or utter any circular or edict as the action of or instruction to its members, or any other persons, societies, organizations or corporations, for the purpose of establishing a so-called boycott or BLACK LIST, or shall post or distribute any written or printed notice in any place with the fraudulent or malicious intent wrongfully and wickedly to injure the person, character, business, or employ-ment, or property of another, or to obtain money or other property by false pretenses, or to any il-legal act injurious to the public trade, health, morals, police, or administration of public justice, or to prevent competition in the letting of any contract by the State, or the authorities of any counties, city, town, or village, or to induce any person not to enter into such competition, or to commit arty felony, they shall be deemed guilty of a conspiracy; and every such offender, whether as individuals or as the officers of any society or or-ganization, and every person convicted of conspir- acy at common law, shall be imprisoned in the penitentiary not exceeding five years, or fined not exceeding $2,000, or both. Now we submit the question in all can-dor, whether it is not just as wicked to trample under foot this law of Illinois against boycott, as it is to obliterate the Sunday statute; or will these Chicago people who are holding these mass-meet-ings in favor of the Sunday law insist that it is all right to trample under foot every other law of the State if need be, in their frantic zeal to enforce the observ-ance of Sunday. And we would contin-ually hold the matter up before all the people that such methods of procedure are anything else but Christian. No one should allow himself to be ensnared into such wickedness and folly. A. 0. TAIT. Intolerance Becoming Apparent. IT is every day becoming more appar-ent that there exists in this country in the hearts of men, an intolerance which few supposed could co-exist with the cul-ture, enlightenment, and Christian senti-ment of our Republic. The surprise at the discovery of this intolerance is only equaled when the apologies of its defend-ers are examined, as the following cor-respondence will prove. The correspondence resulted from a document sent out by the National Reli-gious Liberty Association, narrating how three Seventh-day Adventist farmers of Henry County, Tenn., were imprisoned for forty-five days, and afterwards worked in the chain-gang on the highway, for the crime (?) of performing common labor on their own premises on Sunday, after ob-serving the previous day as the Sabbath. Cincinnati, Ohio, Oct. 4, 1892. " MR. A. F. BALLENGER, "Chicago, Ill. " Dear Sir: The observance of Sunday as a day of rest is required by our civil ordinances, enacted by our people in self government. " Any one who can not keep our laws should be punished, or he should go to some other country where the laws suit him. " The observance of Sunday as a day of rest from ordinary labor, does not ex-clude the enjoyment of rational, and healthy recreation, and has nothing to do as a civil institution, with the worship of God. Any one is privileged to worship God in his own way, on Sunday or any other day of the week, or every day in the week. " There is' no persecution, nor any abridgment of religious liberty in our civil laws relating to the keeping of Sun-day as a day of rest from the performance of common labor. Yours truly, D. W. MILLER, Editor Carriage World." "Chicago, Ill., Oct. 6, 1892. " MR. D. W. MILLER, " Editor Carriage World, " Cincinnati, Ohio. " Dear Sir: Your communication of the 4th inst. just received. It is a frank statement of your views of the justice of placing Christian farmers in the chain-gang, and working them on the streets as a punishment for performing farm labor on their own premises on Sunday, after having observed the previous day, as the fourth commandment enjoined. " Your frankness is commendable, not- withstanding your views are most tyran-nical. Doubtless there are others who hold with you on the subject, but up to date, no one has had the courage to de-clare in favor,  of persecution as you have done. I take it for granted that you have no objection to my publishing your letter. It will 'be of great service to the cause of religious liberty, since it will awaken some to the fact that intolerance exists outside of Tennessee. One great trouble in enlisting broad minded public men in this question is that we are unable to convince them that the intolerant spirit, manifested in your letter, can be found outside a few benighted neighborhoods in the South. " We do not question your sincerity in advocating punishment in the chain-gang, or banishment, for people who differ with you in religious practice, for Christ him-self said to his disciples, ' The time corn-eth when whosoever killeth you will think he doeth God service.' However, Judge Hammond, of the United States Circuit Court, though deciding against these per-secuted Christians in Tennessee, says :Š " It is a somewhat humiliating spectacle to see the Sunday advocates trying to justify the continuance of Sunday legislation, and thereby reaping its ad-vantages to them as sectarians, upon the argument that it is not in conflict with the civic dogma of religious freedom. It surely is, and the economic value of a day of rest can not take that contention out of the category of being insincere as well as illogical. " My belief in your sincerity leads me to attempt to enlighten you on this point, and for this purpose, I enclose a tract, entitled ' The Civil Sabbath.' Please give it a careful reading, and believe me, Yours with respect, A. F. BALLENGER." " Cincinnati, Ohio, Oct. 8, 1892. " MR. A. F. BALLENGER, "Dear Sir: In response to your favor of October 6, I will say I have no objec-tion to your publishing my reply to your former letter, but I do not wish to be misunderstood. I am in accord with your views as expressed in the Articles 1 and 2 of your Constitution and the Declaration of Principles, but I do not regard the breaking of our present laws, the proper way to bring about a reform in them. We have other, more peaceable and ef-fective means of reforming our lawsŠif they are wrong. I said nothing about placing Christian farmers in the chain-gang, as you infer. But, inasmuch as there is nothing in our present laws pro-hibiting any one from worshiping God in his own way and time, and having a Sabbath every day in the week, if he wants it, I fail to see the justice of your argument on that point. I believe the seventh day to be the divinely appointed Sabbath, but in a religious sense, it is im-material what day of the week you count from. It is only possible to have a gen-eral rest-day by common agreement and to insure such a day once in every seven, it was necessary to enact civil laws to in-sure its observance. This was not done solely on religious grounds or for reli-gious purposes. Other purposes equally important, make a rest day once in seven a necessity. " Having once agreed on a day, it is difficult to conceive of any good reason for changing it, and those people who can't abide by our laws, ought to go to some other country. We suggest the Desert of Sahara as a place- favorable to the carrying out of their plans without interruption. 