248 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 31. NEW YORK, AUGUST 11, 1892. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except br special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Senate, on July 14, and the House, on July 19, adopted the following, which, on Aug. 5, received the signature of the President of the United States:Š And it is hereby declared that all appropria-tions herein made for, or pertaining to, the World's Columbian Exposition are made under the condi-tion that the said Exposition shall not be ,open to the public on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; and if the said appropriations be accepted by the corporation of the State of Illinois, known as the World's Columbian Exposition upon that condition, it shall be, and it is hereby made, the duty of the World's Columbian Commission, created by the act of Congress of April 25, 1890, to make such rules or modification of the rules of .said corporation as shall require the closing of the Ex-position on the said first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday. This is now the law. Š0-- THE Congress of the United States, both Houses, supposed to be composed of the picked intellect of the country, men of broad education, trained intelligence, the choice of the statesmanlike ability of the forty-four States of the Union, have, by a large majority, adopted a measure re-specting the establishment of religion. Š0 Š THESE men sworn to a solemn trust, to support the Constitution of the United States, have been threatened, cajoled, per-suaded, into proving false to that trust and the shameful achievement is hailed`by the Christian Statesman as " the greatest moral victory since emancipation." The truth is that as emancipation gave free-dom from physical enslavement to eight millions of blacks so this marks the begin-ning of the governmental enslavement of the consciences of sixty-five millions of all colors and races now resident in the United States, and the millions yet to come. Instead of the two thingsŠeman-cipation of the colored race and the pas-sage of religious legislation by CongressŠbeing parallel moral measures, they are com-plete antitheses. The first echoed the con-stitutional principle of the natural free-dom and equality of all men and estab-lished civil liberty ; but the last contra-venes the Constitution and natural right, and establishes civil inequity and reli-gious despotism. The first removed from the Constitution its only inconsistency and did away with the shame of the Na-tion; the last is an irremediable blot upon the proceedings of the national Legisla-ture, and puts disgrace upon a free people. Šo Š THIS legislative ignominy has been brought upon the Nation,Šand those of its citizens who know what has been done, and they are not few, stand abashed be-fore the world, with arms reversed and the colors of civil liberty trailing in the dust. Care will be taken that from this humiliation they shall know no release, neither as it is thrust upon them in this form nor as it will be in other shapes. The Statesman says :Š The victory is won but the war is not over. The World's Fair management threaten to secure a rever-sal, next winter or before, of the Sabbath-closing ac-tion just taken by both Houses of Congress. We must therefore keep up the agitation and education which will make such a reverse impossible. . . . Several generals in our great war were dismissed because they did not know how to follow up a vic-tory. Let not the friends of the Sabbath neglect to follow up our great victory by local attacks on Sunday toil and traffic and turmoil. This is the very time to -attack Sunday saloons and suppress Sunday ball games and Sunday excursions, and to urge those engaged in Sunday traffic to move for their own emancipation. Ł Yes, in this emancipated country to use the tyranny of misapplied civil law to " urge," Christian men and patriotic citizens " to move for their own emanci-pation." And this is " the greatest moral victory since emancipation." THIS is the threat which this arrogant minority described by the Statesmen here as " three score thousand preachers and a thousand religious papers " holds out to Chicago, the World's Fair management, and the calm minded and patriotic intel-ligence of the country which may assert its divine eight of dissent from their fatal religious folly and political error :Š To refuse the half million would be to cancel the Government exhibit and so black ball the Govern-ment. Chicago can not afford to give the " bluff " to the United States. In that case not only would Christians boycott the Fair because of Sunday open-ing, but patriots also, because of its discourtesy to the Government, If the Management are wise they will discover in the more than two-thirds vote of both Houses of Congress against Sunday opening, that Chicago is not the United States, and in the matter of Sab-bath observance does not represent American sen-timent; and they will not further endanger the financial success of the Fair by proposals to over-ride the wholesome laws and customs of our coun-try, but will promptly accept the people's verdict as to the Sabbath. . . . Financially, as well as morally, it is a blunder to give three score thou-sand preachers and a thousand religious papers so many causes to condemn rather than commend the Columbian Exhibition. Here is again heard the voice of the " Pittsburg preachers" which has been before raised to cry,ŠBoycott, and let loose the dogs of war, if Congress or Com-mission shall fail to accede to our demand. We shall rule or we shall ruin.ŠThe Pittsburg preachers are not alone in that cry. It is heard to-day at Homestead, at D aquesne, at Coeur d'Alene, and in the Anarchist halls where Most, and Berk-man, and Mrs. Parsons, and Emma Gold-man are accustomed to give tongue like the wolves of society that they are. Š0 Š IT is the Chicago Directory that has authority rightfully in this matter, and this both Congress, and Commission, and Statesman all well know. But if this Directory should dare to exercise its right- ful and lawful authority! But if,Šand what then? If the Chicago Directory should seriously pro-pose such a folly as the refusal of the conditioned appropriation, the national Commission, represent-ing the United States, which would be thus insulted, would veto such madness, as it has the power to do, at its autumn meeting, on whose second day, Octo-ber 6, a hearing on Sabbath closing has been ap-pointed, which it may be well to utilize in order that the rule for the Sabbath closing of the gates, which Congress has required its Commission to make, may be promptly and strongly made; and also, if possible, a further veto, that logically fol-lows, of the opening of the World's Fair grounds in advance of the Fair for Sunday picnics. This is a new theory of the prerogative of. Congress and the committees of its appointment. It seems when Congress makes an appropriation, saddled with whatever obnoxious or destructive pro-visions, it is not only " folly " and " mad-ness " for the unfortunate recipient to re-fuse its acceptance, but a committee, appointed by Congress, may veto this refusal and compel its acceptance, pro-visos and all. Certainly under such a theory it would be a terrible thing to fall under governmental favor. And so it is, and will be from this time on,Šfor the Government has taken sides in the Great Controversy, and it has taken the wrong side. THE August Arena contains the second installment of Mr. Reed's Brief for the Plaintiff in the interesting discussion of Bacon vs. Shakespeare. Whatever may be said of the abstract merits of the case, no one can fail to be impressed with the ingenious and powerful array of evidence thus far adduced in behalf of Lord Bacon as the author of the plays. Perhaps the most startling as well as the most inter-esting disclosures, however, are yet to come. In the September number Mr. Reed will answer objections, not only those that have been brought forward in previous public discussions of the subject, but others advanced in his own private correspondence with scholars and literary men on both sides of the Atlantic. Other leading papers in the August Arena are by United States Senator James H. Kyle, Hon. Geo. Fred Williams, M. C., Hon. Wm. T. Ellis, M. C., Gail Hamilton, Mary A. Livermore, Louise Chandler Moulton, Helen H. Gardener, Frances E. Willard, Mrs. Gen. Lew Wallace, Frances E. Russell and the editor of the Arena. In addition to these papers, there is a brilliant symposium on Women's Clubs in America, to which eleven leading Amer-ican women contribute. THE AMERI46AN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Is. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 