466 THE LIBERTY. to impose their religion upon the non-Christians by any official -act: They7may-Tas indiyidtrals-:go just as far as they see fit in promulgating the tenets of their faith ; but nobody ever heard of a Christian director of a bank saying to his fellow directors, "Now, in-as much as a majority of us are ChriStians, and inas-much as this bank was established by Christian men, with capital inherited from Christian fathers, we nrtist so amend our articles of incorporation as to show that this is a Christian bank." And nobody ever heard.  of any sort of a business institution undertaking to im-pose the religion.  of a part of the individuals who com- posed it upon all the individuals composing it. This idea of collective responsibility for the religious views and practices of the individual does not obtain any- where except in church and state affairs. It obtains in the church because the church exists for the very pur- pose of promulgating religion: It exists in the state because of the false, theocratical idea of civil govern-ment which has come down to us from the days of Constantine. The idea is destructive of individual re-sponsibility and engenders despotism. THE STATE AND RELIGION IN ROME. This idea of a religious state is not Christian but pagan. It comes not from Christ but from Rome. Rome was pagan, but intensely religious. The gods were to be recognized in every walk of life and at every turn. One could not attend a social function, nor even partake of a meal, without either honor-ing or denying the gods. And to deny the gods was to be guilty not only of sacrilege but of treason against the state, for the state was the chief godŠthe embodiment of all the gods. Moreover reverence for the gods was thought to be essential to good citizen-ship. Religion was maintained by the state, not pri-marily for the good of the individual, but because it was the bulwark of the state. Exactly the same argument is urged to-day for the support of Christianity by the state that was urged for the support of paganism in Rome. The idea is just as pagan to-day as it was two thousand years ago; and it is just as much opposed to true piety now as it was then. B. The Problem of Self-Government. In a discussion of the question "What is self-gov-ernment ?" The Outlook labors to give the impression that self-government, as applied to nations and peo-ples, is a very complex thing, and that only when the various problems it presents in a given case have been solved so that there is clear sailing for the new ship of state, ought the privilege of self-government to be intrusted to any people. Thus The Outlook proceeds to reason after this fashion in regard to Cuba: "What shalt : we do Cuba? Withdraw our -forces-? -recall General -Wood-?--leave the Cubans to govern themselves This is the formula. But no sooner is there some indication that this formula is to, be acted upon by the United States, than representa-tive men of property, who have everything to lose and nothing to gain by revolution, appeal to us not to withdraw and leave them to the mercy of the revo-littiOnists. America has promised to Cuba her inde-pendence ; and so far as we can see no one desires-to cancel that promise, though some think it was made too hastily and not wisely. But when is Cuba `pacified'? Is it pacified because it is at peace .while our troops remain there to keep order? And who are the people of Cuba to whom the duties and responsi-bilities of government shoUld be handed over by us ? Are they all the men and all the women ? or only all the men ? or only all the white men? or only all the native-born Cubans ? or only the men who have some measure of intelligence or some property interests, or both? These and kindred questions come in to per-plex the real man of affairs, who has to consider the property interests involved, the industries just coming into existence, the schools just established,. the sani-tary laws reluctantly recognized and obeyed for the first time in Cuba's history. Such questions cannot be cavalierly dismissed with the formula, 'self-govern-ment.' " In like manner The Outlook takes up the case of Porto Rico : "What shall we do in Porto Rico ? The figures are somewhat in doubt, but apparently not over five per cent of the inhabitants can read and write. Does self-government mean that the ninety-five per cent shall be put under the government of the five per cent? Does it mean, on the contrary, that the men of intel-ligence and property shall be put under the govern-ment of the ignorant and the propertyless ?" SELF-GOVERNMENT A RIGHT. Many other like questions may be asked; indeed,: it would be hard to set a limit to the questions that might be anticipated in considering the fitness of any praticular people for self-government. But is it nec-essary to consider such questions at all. Is the right of self-government at all affected by the questions that may be raised as to the results that may follow from its exercise ? If King George III. had been allowed to settle to his own satisfaction the various problems relating to the question of the fitness of the American colonies for self-government, before granting them self-government, would those colonies ever have be-come self-governing? As any one who will read the history of that time may know, there was as much doubt in the minds of the king and parliament respect-ing the colonists' capacity for self-government, as. there is now in the mind of The Outlook editor re-specting the like capacity among the late subjects of Spain. Nor was there wanting that which seemed 