EVERY LADY WANTS OUR STOVE-POLISHING MITTEN. Will polish a stove better Clum any. thing on earth, and keep yore hands clean at the same time. Ladicc buy it at sight. Tho y all want it. Eng Profits to Agents. Sample Mitten and Dauber by mail, 30 ets. We alsosend a Ladies' Magazine Free 3 months with each order. 300141. WIBTOB 00., Ł Box 3139, Boston, Mom DEegitliiElt 13, 1894. AME111Ft 1 CAN ,41E1N PrIINMIL4. 391 " I don't consider the woman. It's the children I'm worried about." Then looking at Hertzel the justice said : " Look here, Hertzel, I am going to let you go. This minister here, Mr. Orne, is going to hold divine service in this court room to-morrow afternoon. You come at 4 o'clock and report to him. Come next Sunday the same way, and keep on com-ing so long as the services are held. Re-port to the minister every Sunday, and he will let me know. If you fail to attend on one Sunday he will let me know, too, and I will take these papers and send you to the penitentiary for six months. Mark what I tell you. Come every Sunday, and bring your wife with you." Hertzel was parolled in the custody of the minister, and as they turned away from the bar, Justice Watson called to Hertzel : " When you come here to church you want to pray long and pray earnestly and sincerely, because, otherwise I don't think there is much hope for you. There is great efficacy in prayers, of which we have many instances in Dutchtown."ŠNew York Sun, Dee, R, 1894, Wants More Sunday Law. NEITHER in Brooklyn nor in this city [New York] nor any where else in the States must saloons be allowed to keep open on Sunday. And not only must we have a Sunday law, but the law must be enforced, as it is not now : and this . . . will be accomplished when the next legis-lature meets.ŠThe Christian Work, Nov. .22. The Reunion of the Eastern and Western Churches. LONDON, Nov. 30.ŠThe Morning Post has this dispatch from Rome:Š " In connection with the reunion of the Eastern and Western Churches the pope is preparing a constitution, presumably the one recording the decisions of the re-cent conference. Among its provisions will be one to determine the functions of the later missionaries in the East. The issue was delayed that the Vatican might agree with France, who is anxious to se-cure the direction of the whole missionary movement with a view to strengthening her protectorate over Catholics in the East. This was opposed by the Vatican. " It is stated that, as the result of Mgr. Macchi's recent mission, the Chiliad', Mex-ican, and Nicaraguan legations will be re-stored at the Vatican."ŠNew York Sun, Dec. 1, 1894. To Be More Like Rome. IT is not improbable that the proposition to increase the number of Protestant Epis-copal dioceses in this State from five to seven will prevail. Should the additional dioceses be created, they will comprise those of New York, Long Island, Albany, Utica, Syracuse, Rochester and Buffalo. These correspond generally to the Roman Catholic dioceses, and are of the same names, except that Long Island and Utica represent Brooklyn and Ogdensburg. That the suggestion of an archbishopric should be made in this connection is most natural. And there would probably be little or no objection to the proposal. England . . . has two, and each is possessed of especial authority. But this could not be exercised here, because of the absence of any union between Church and State. Should an archbishopric be estab-lished, it would naturally be expected that Bishop Potter would be raised to the posi- tion; and perhaps, in such an event, the example of the Roman Church would not be lost upon the Episcopal Church. The former body has now fourteen archbishops with their seats in the chief cities, The Episcopal Church, should the dignity be created, would naturally increase the number.ŠThe Christian Work, Nov. 22. Rome Boasts of Success. CONVERTS are coming into the Catholic Church steadily in all parts of the United States. For instance, last year in the re-mote, sparsely settled and poorly-equipped diocese of Jamestown, North Dakota, which has only about forty priests to cover the whole State, there were one hundred and one adult converts baptized. How the clergy found time from their ministry to their Catholic flocks to instruct these neophytes, is a wonder, although Bishop Shanley is a host in himself and his priests have his spirit of zeal. Yet their harvest garnered under the difficulties of a pioneer State, is a straw to'show how the tide is running under more halcyon conditions. Everywhere new members are coming into the church. We who have the faith should pray more, give better example, and circulate more good books like " The Faith of Our Fathers," and instruct news-papers so as to take advantage of the cur-rent to hasten the conversion of America. ŠCatholic Review, Dec. 8, 1894 Ix London the school question is more pressing even than it is with us. The present government is, through its official, Mr. Aisquith, opposed to the denomina-tional schools, whereas Lord Salisbury has come out openly in favor of religious edu-cation. Consequently, Cardinal Vaughan, in the discharge of his duty, has advised the Catholic voters of the metropolis to support those candidates who are not pledged to secularize the schools. Where- upon . . that everlasting blun- derer, Mr. Michael Davitt, and other anti-clerical McCarthyites have violently denounced his eminence, the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, and have urged the Catholic voters to disregard his authoritative suggestion in a question in-volving morals and episcopal rights. Mr. Davitt is especially bitter and radical. No obligation, he says, rests on Catholic laymen to think as do the priests on the election of a Commoner or member of the School Board, even when the faith of chil-dren is at stake and when there ought to be and can be no room for a diversity of opinion in a matter in which the church has so clearly spoken, and he basely inti-mates that the cardinal utilized the ques-tion of religion in education in order to electioneer for the Tory party. No wonder that the Healyites are restless under such antichristian leadership. Š The Catholic Review, Nov. 24, 1894. California Tourists Should Have a Copy of the Grand Book IN THE HEART OF THE SIERRAS. §01 It Pictures the World-Renowned V o Semite Valley, the Big Tree Groves of California, the Glaciers, Gold Mines, and Caverns of this Wonderful Region. It is a OTIVIPLETE GUIDE TO THE YO SEMITE VALLEY, Giving routes of travel, number of miles by rail and stage; describes points of interest en route,. gives map of the Valley, and contains 160 Illustrations, 28 of which are Remain' Full-Page Artotypes, and which portray the, wonderful Cat-aracts, Mountains, and Precipices, with all the REALITY or A PHOTOGRAPH. Bound in five styles. Copy in cloth. embossed hi jet and gold, gold edges, sent post-paid, where we have no agent, for $3.50 CHEAPER EDITIONŠ We have issued a special TOURISTS' EDITION of this book, containing all the matter of the other edition, printed on thinner paper, without artotypes, bound in flexible cloth covers. Copies 3ent post-paid anywhere for $1.30. Address orders to 43 Bond Street, New York.City. YOUNG PEOPLES' LIBRARY SERIES 1 Every volume in this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and, while designed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially hound in fine col- ored cloth, handsomely em- bossed in jet and gold. Series 1 contains six volumes, which are as follows!Š FIJI AND SAMOA.ŠJOTTINGS FROM THE PACIFIC, No. 1. 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, THE FLORENTINE MARTYR. 4. THE TONGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS. .I Š -OTTINGS FROM THE PACIFIC, No. 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND, 6. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid, for $3.60; single volumes, 60 cents each; paper, 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Kansas City. Mo. Oakland, Cal. SMITH'S DICTIONARY of the BIBLE. EDITED BY WM. SMITH, L.L.D. COMPRISING ITS ANTIQUITIES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY. PRICE, 02.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said; over 400 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pronunciation and significa-tion of scriptural names; the solution of difficulties of in-terpretation, authority, and harmony; also a history and description of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete ency-clopedia of Biblical information. -ADDRESS- PCIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street,. Oakland, Cal. New York City. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address, Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - ($2) Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A.  1. 