282 AMERICAN SENTINEL. haveŁ been received to push along with the quick firing guns. "Many of the orders on which the men are working are not of a very recent date, but by April it is antici-pated that the men will be busier than ever they have been before." The children of the world are still wiser in their gener-ation than the professed "children of light." THE Independent (N. Y .), of April 28, prints the fol-lowing from a correspondent touching the treatment meted out to dissenters in "holy Russia," where the the-ory that religion and the state should be united is car-ried into full effect:Š "A poor fellow named Simerenko has arrived in Tulcha in Rumania, having escaped from Russia, where he had been cruelly tortured by his neighbors for leaving the Orthodox Church and joining the brethren [Stundists]. His hands and feet were tied, and then he was strung up to a rafter in the ceiling, in which position burning cigar-ettes were put on his naked body until he yelled in his agony. The torturers told him they would let him go if he abjured Stundism and returned to the Church. When about to cut him down they first cut the cords attaching his head to the rafter. His head came down with such force that he was almost rendered senseless, and horn that day to this he suffers pains in the back of his head. On another occasion his head and hands were fastened in a vise and over fifty wounds were made on his bare back with hot irons. The brethren in Tulcha have seen the scars. On yet another occasion his wife, who was with child, was violated by the peasants. It seems that 'all this was done with the connivance, at any rate, of the local village authorities. As soon as Simerenko could he fled; and, as I have already said, he is now in safety in Tulcha, but in abject need." THE following item from the Inter Ocean (Chicago) states the outcome of the controversy in Ohio over the question of Sunday baseball:Š "The law prohibiting the playing of baseball Sunday was sustained by the Supreme Court in the case of John Powell against the State yesterday at Columbus, Ohio. Powell was arrested at Cleveland, but his case was dis-missed by the common pleas judge, who held that the law was invalid. The prosecuting attorney excepted to this ruling, and the Supreme Court sustained the exceptions, dismissing Powell's petition. A member of the court is authority for the statement that the principle applies also to Sunday theatricals." THE ambitious South African, Cecil Rhodes, seems to have regained his lost prestige in South African affairs; and this means that the Transvaal will soon have to fight again to maintain its independence of British con-trol. THE further an individual gets from God, the more clearly(?) does he see that there 'are imperfections in the divine character. Studies in French History.-20. WHEN the class again assembled for their customary chat, Hilly Brown raised her hand. "Please, professor, about what time did the facts happen which you told us about last week?" "I can tell, I believe," volunteered Jennie Jacobs. "I think it was about the year 1300." "A little later than that, Jennie," corrected her teacher; "the lesson closed with the history.  of 1345, or very near that time. The people of France being very much frightened and disheartened by the horrors of the Black Death, began casting about in their minds, to dis-cover some cause of it, or some way to check its frightful ravages. At last they came to the conclusion that the nation was so wicked that the Deity could endure it no longer, and so had determined to punish the people with war and pestilence. So they decided to help matters by inflicting punishment upon themselves. A class of fanat-ics sprung up, called `Flagellants,' who took it upon themselves to appease the Deity by wandering about half naked, and whipping themselves with whips, which had steel on the ends of the lashes. This they did until the blood would run down their naked shoulders." "I should think that the French people would not have allowed such work," said Charlie White, indig-nantly. "They did put a stop to it at last, or rather, the pope did, for even he grew tired of their dreadful excesses." "Well, did this stop the pestilence?" asked practical Jack. "Indeed it did not, Jack," replied Professor Carman, "and it seems strange to us now as we look back over the centuries, how any one could have been so foolish as to believe and practice such follies, when nothing but the blood of Christ will pay the debt of sin. Even an angel's death and suffering would not atone for sinful man; how Much less then can we, by self torture or penance, pay the debt for ourselves:" Ł "It reminds me of what I read quite often in' the pa-pers," interrupted Joe Palmeter. "Some people say that all the trouble this country has is caused by the careless way folks keep Sunday. So they propose to make a law forbidding anyone doing any work, and making them go to church, whether they want to or not. 0, I guess this country is quite a little bit like France was in the days of the Flagellants; don't you think so, professor?" 