64 ANMIELICAN VOL. 8, No. 8. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 23, 1893. Noma.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the Surrum, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-omen. THE present movements to modify ex-isting religious laws, as exemplified in the attempts to secure Sunday opening acts of Congress for the World's Fair, and mod-ifications of the Sunday laws in Pennsyl-vania, are a fatal error. The comparative leniency or stringency of the law does not affect the principle one way or the other. Enforced opening on Sunday is just as wicked as enforced closing. The principle of a mild religious law is just as evil as the principle of a harsh religious law. It is precisely the same thing showing itself in different forms. The only course is to do away with the whole brood. ANOTHER riot, similar to the Dean Hart episode, in Denver, is reported from Cin-cinnati. It seems that a Saturday night ball continued into Sunday morning, whereupon the police interfered to pre-serve the statutory Sunday from violation; this resulted in a fracas in which there was considerable violence done. Among the ruder classes who know no other way of asserting what they realize to be their rights, than by fist and club, these dem-onstrations of violent opposition to the enforcement of unjust and improper laws, are to be expected. THE Cincinnati Post, of February 10, contains an account of the rapid rise and growth of the American Protective Asso-ciation, a secret order organized, like a number of others, for the purpose of an-tagonizing Roman Catholicism. The ex-istence of these secret oath-bound bodies, among both Roman Catholics and their antagonists,Šin some instances armed and drilled,Šand sure eventually to be pitted against one another by religious fanati-cism, is an open menace to peace, social order, and even the existence of the State. And it is marvelous this has not begun to attract general attention, and excite fear, long ere this. They have a future before themŠthese organizations. When their day has come, they will fulfill their pur-pose, and serve their master. ON February 14, in the House of Rep-resentatives, Mr. Houk introduced a bill amending the Sunday-closing proviso so as to make it lawful for the Exposition management to open the World's Fair gates Sunday afternoons. The same even-ing, from its vantage ground in the State House at Harrisburg, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, in convention there  under the chairmanship of Governor Pattison, passed resolutions disapproving of this bill. It would seem as if it were difficult for the religious power behind the throne to remain contented behind the throne. So great and so rapid has been its success that it must perforce disport itself in State Houses already, and call legislators and governors to do it service. IN Pennsylvania several bills are before the legislature which have been intro-duced with a view to reducing the scope of the State Sunday laws by legalizing certain occupations on Sunday which are strictly included within the prohibitions of the law of 1794. This seems to have roused the Sunday law advocates of that State to a condition of intense excitement. They have made almost frantic efforts to obtain a large representation of the re-ligious politicians of the State at a Sab-bath Association convention called at Harrisburg, for the purpose of influencing and overawing the State legislature. The first session of this convention was held on the evening of February 14, in the Hall of Representatives at the State House, the Governor of the State presid-ing, and delivering an address. A par-agraph from the report given by the Mail and Express ..`Jays :Š The Governor said that the act of 1794 was as broad and liberal as though written in the present hour, and that not a line in it was expressive of narrowness or bigotry. There could be no question of the right of the people to protect themselves as set forth in the title of the act. After reading the act the Governor said that had not the framers of our Constitution written in our laws the principles of this act, we should have been overwhelmed with vice. The glorious condition of Pennsyl-vania to-day was to be attributed wholly and solely to the act of 1794. " Have any blessings escaped us," asked the speaker in oonclusion, "since the passage of the act of 1794 ? Not one." So far as words are concerned extrava-gance could go no farther than this. What would be the severity of the en-forcement of religious laws which a gov-ernor would countenance who is capable of the expression of such views as these ? THE Mail and Express Washington correspondence reports that on February 15, the Senate Committee on the World's Fair met and determined that no bill touching the Sunday opening of the Fair would be reported to the Senate. The committee takes the position that legisla-tion has been had upon that matter and it is now a closed question. However, it seems the committee did not look with the same eyes upon measures touching Sun-day closing, for Senator Quay, having introduced a bill " imposing a penalty on the World's Columbian Exposition if the Fair is opened on Sunday," that measure promptly passed the committee. The enactment of such law would certainly be the capsheaf to the religious proceedings of this Congress. The Congress of the United States impose a penalty upon a Chicago corporation for doing business in its own city on Sunday! What would  have been thought of such an unwarrant-able assumption of authority ten years ago ? It would be scarcely possible to overturn more completely the relations which should exist between local, State and national governments, than do these measures for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. If Congress can close this Fair on a given day, and impose a penalty, are there any effective limitations, what-ever, on the powers of the general Govern-ment ? THE extracts from the Tennessee coun-try press, quoted in this issue, must be taken as representative and expressive of the sentiment of the people in the places where these persecuting trials have been had. The excerpts are from papers pub-lished at the county seats of the two coun-ties which have made themselves prom-inent in the prosecution of seventh-day observers. They are all editorial utter-ances. These outbursts of feeling are very interesting. They will be read with interest. The rhetoric is a little warm. The threats are somewhat violent. Some of the suggestions rather lurid; the logic sometimes not quite clear, as for instance, not every mind will probably grasp the argumentative force in the reference to marriage licenses, and the abdominal color of certain New Englanders of unfor-tunate descent. Although reminding one somewhat of the conclusive Darwinian argument " Ask him was his mother a monkey ?" still it is worthy of due consid-eration as indicative of the mental proc-esses of these fin de siecle persecutors. A CORRESPONDENT of the Signs of the Times writing from South Africa, says that questions involving Sunday laws and their enforcement have already been up in Parliament there, and will probably be introduced again at the next session. This correspondent says that at the gen-eral meeting of the South African Con-ference of Seventh-day Adventists, in De-cember :Š The Religious Liberty question was discussed with much enthusiasm and called forth a resolu-tion to the effect that the Executive Committee should provide literature on this subject, suitable for general circulation throughout South Africa, and that it be done without delay. There is an in-creasing sentiment in this country in favor of re-ligious legislation, and especially in favor of laws enforcing a more sacred regard for the Sunday. The field of influence of the SENTINEL, the Religious Liberty Association, and those who comprehend the true relations between civil government and religion and intend to stand for their mainte-nance, is not circumscribed. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c. 46 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c. 4, 100 to 249 " " " " 66 - .. 75c. 4t 250 to 499 " " " " ti .- - .. 70c. t4 500 to 999  it it 66 46 tt - 65c. " 1000 or more " " " 66 - 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 