102 A.1VIETZIOA1' ' SENTINEL. American $entinel. NEW YORK, MARCH 24, 1898. Bound Volumes. THOSE desiring bound volumes of the SENTINEL for 1897 should send their orders in at once. The prices are the same as formerly: $1.50 in manila cover, and $2.50 in cloth with leather back and, corners. "Awn ye shall be my witnesses . . . unto the uttermost part of the earth" were Jesus' last words to his apos-tles before his ascension, and were meant for his followers for all time; but judging from the press reports of pulpit utterances, from all over the country, one would think that to-day the order of things was changed, that the duty of the "am-bassador for Christ" instead of be-seeching men to be reconciled to God, was to incite them to war, and send them forth, not to save men's lives, but to destroy them. IT would seem from the following item taken from the New York Sun, March 18, that the "flag salute" has come to stay:Š Ł "The Senate at Albany, N.Y., passed Senator- Coggeshall's bill requiring the school authorities of every school in the state to purchase a United states flag and display it on the building during school hours and at such other times as they may deter-mine. When the weather will not permit it to be otherwise displayed, it is to be placed conspicuously in the principal room of the school-house. The State Superintendent of Public Instruction is to, prepare a program for a salute to the fiag at the opening of each day of school, and such other patriotic exercises as he may deem expedient, with special provision for the observance of Washington's Birthday, Memorial Day, and Flag Day." ACCORDING to the Canadian Baptist March 17, there has been issued by the Ontario Lord's Day Alliance a request "that the first full week of April-3rd to 10th inclusiveŠbe ob-served throughout the Province as a week of prayer for the Lord's day.  . . . Besides special prayer it 'is hoped that on one of these days a special sermon on the subject will be preached, and also, _where thought,  desirable, an offering be made for the work." What this "special sermon" may be we cannot tell, nor to what purpose the "offering . . - for the work" will be put; but we sincerely hope it may not be expended in hal-ing before magistrates and courts those who, differing from them in their religious belief and practice, "remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." A RECENT issue of the Journal (New York) contained the following inter-esting item:Š Camden, N. J., March 11.ŠThe new city council, in which the Reformers have a majority of five, opened with the recital of the Lord's prayer in concert by the thousand or more pres-ent. Before it ended a most disgrace-ful riot had ensued, in which City Clerk Varney was thrown out on his head and a certiorari, granted by Judge Garrison, was torn to shreds by angry citizens before the old coun-cil, controlled by Republicans, ad-journed." And yet, notwithstanding the above, which is only a sample of scenes occurring to a greater or lesser extent in both municipal, state, and national councils, we are told that it is nothing short of blasphemy to dare to open them without religious exer-cises. What a farce ! THE fiat has gone forth, and from human lips, that "Christ is to be this world's king," and also the manner by which this is to be accomplished, namely, "through the gateway of politics." This of course cannot be accomplished in all the earth at one time, so the initiative has been taken here in America, and it has been pur-posed to "enthrone Christ on Capitol Hill" as this nation's king. And this being made an accomplished fact, the , movement will reach out till, "through the gateway of politics," all the earth shall be brought into subjection to Him. Yes; Christ is to be given the kingdoms of this world (Rev. 11:15), and he is to reign for-ever; but is it to be accomplished in  the manner described abo;ire? .4s Christ to become king through the ballot ? On the contrary we ate taught in the Word that instead of becoming king through the puny efforts of men; "God himself will giVe him the kingdom ( Ps. 2:5; Eze. 21:27), and he shall reign forever. 0 that men would forsake the ways and means that are not of God, that they would realize their high and holy calling, that instead of seeking through the primary and the polls to set up the kingdom of Christ, they would seek to draw men away from the things of this present evil world, and prepare them to stand in that day when the kingdoms of this world, being given to Christ, he shall dash them in pieces like a potters vessel (Ps. 2 :9), and set up his kingdom which, occupying the whole earth, shall stand forever. Dan. 2:35,44. THERE is plenty of talk to-day con-cerning "Christian citizenship," and the duties of the "Christian citizen." This country is beyond question the grandest country in the world, but the Christian is a citizen of a better country than this. The citizen of this country may have privileges above that of citizens of all other eountries, but the "Christian citizen" has privil-eges above even this, and the duties that pertain to the Christian citizen are far above and beyond, in every particular, the duties of him who boasts of his citizenship here. The Christian's citizenship is in heaven (Phil. 3:2, R. V.) and it is his privi-lege to have the "angels of God"-(Heb. 2:6) do service for him. Heb. 2:14 (R. V.) , Not only that, but he has been called to fill the position of fellow-worker with God (1 Cor. 3:9) and raised to the position of joint-heir with Jesus Christ as a child of God (Rom. 8:17) and been given the position of ambassador from the court of heaven (2 Cor. 2:20), his duty as such, grand and noble above all this earth can give, is to present the claims of God upon man to his fellow-beings, and call them from the kingdoms of this world unto the kingdom of God's, dear Son. Col. 1: 13. 