AMERICAN SENTINEL. 663 to the front; territory is now held under the authority of the United States in which the majority of the people have no voice in the. Government. This is the case in Hawaii, which is now under military rule, than which a more despotic form of government does not exist. Porto Rico is another district under the like rule, and Cuba and the Philippines are almost certain to be incorporated into the national domain on a similar footing. The dream of American statesmen is of empire, rather than of "Liberty enlightening the World" with the glory of free government. And all this is done in the name of liberty,Šin the name of the Constitution which is the great charter of free government and of the Declaration of Independence by which the national policy professes to be guided. In the name of liberty a government is set up over a people which holds them in unwilling subjection to a foreign power. Under such a policy the light of free republican government, founded upon the recognition of inalienable rights, must be turned into darkness, and only despot-ism worse than that against which our forefathers pro-tested can be the final result. And this is a real and a terrible menace to America to-day and to the world; for the effect of it will be world-wide. As Ex-Secretary Carlisle has said, "Better a thou-sand times that monarchical Spain should continue to rule a people against their will than that the United States should usurp her place and hold them in subjec-tion in the name of liberty and humanity." Reform by Law in the Roman Republic. To REFORM society by law has always been a pleas-ing vision in the minds of people who have not learned the truth that every true reform in society must begin in the heart of the individual member of it, by the exercise of his, own will. This being so, the experiment is one that has been often tried, and the lesson of the results is plainly written in the pages of history. The last days of the Roman republic furnish this les-son among many others of value to those concerned in the experiment of republican government to day. In the last days of the Roman republic society had fallen into moral ruin. The individual no longer held himself in moral restraint; he no longer exercised the power of self-government. And this was what brought the last days of the republic, as it is what must always bring the last days of government "of the people, by the people, and for the people." Yet there was left in the public mind a consciousness of the fact that the crimes from which they no longer held themselves back were worthy of punish-ment; nor was therelacking a zeal to enact laws against them. The experiment of reform by law was afforded a fair and thorough test. Of this history sets before us the following f acts:Š "CEesar acted directly with the assembly of the peo- ple, and passed such laws as he pleased. Yet it must be said that he passed none that were not, good enough in themselves, but they were laws which in fact meant noth-ing. There was no publiccharacter to sustain them, and' consequently they were made only to be broken. There was a law for the punishment of adultery, when not only Caesar, but nine tenths of the people were ready to com-mit adultery, at the first opportunity. There were laws for the protection of citizens against violence, when every citizen was ready to commit violence at a moment's no-tice. There were laws to punish judges who allowed themselves to be bribed, when almost every man in Rome was ready both to offer and to receive bribes. There were laws against defrauding the revenue, when almost every person only desired an opportunity to do that very thing. There were laws against bribery at elections when every soul in Rome from Cwsar to the lowest one of the rabble that shouted in the Forum, was ready to bribe or to be bribed. 'Morality and family life were treated as antiquated things among all ranks of society. To be poor was not merely the sorest disgrace and the worst crime, but the only disgrace and the only crime; for money the statesman sold the state, and the burgess sold his freedom; the post of the officer and the vote of the juryman were to be had for money; for money the lady of quality surrendered her person, as well as the common courtesan; falsifying of documents, and perju-ries had become so common that in a popular poet of this age an oath is called "the plaster for debts." Men had forgotten what honesty was; a person who refused a bribe was regarded not as an upright man, but as a per-sonal foe. The criminal statistics of all times and coun-tries will hardly furnish a parallel to the dreadful picture of crimesŠso varied, so horrible, and so unnatural:ŠMommsen. In this condition of affairs such laws were nothing more nor less than a legal farce." And it cannot be denied that similar conditions fur-nish many a legal farce in the American republic to-day. Good laws may be looked for as the outcome of moral reform, but it is useless to look for moral reform as the outcome of the laws, however good they may be in them-selves. Behind the Times. THE Defender, a New England organ devoted to Sun- day and its compulsory observance, devotes several col-umns to the publication of queries, complaints, etc., from correspondents. One of these expresses his concern over the Sunday situation in his neighborhood as follows:Š "I wish you would tell me where I can get a copy of the laws in regard to the observance of the Sabbath, that is, something that defines what is in violation of the Sabbath according to the laws of the commonwealth. There has been some work on the Sabbath in this neigh-borhood lately, and I know it was absolutely unneces-sary, but I do not know as I could prove it before the court where the case would be tried, if they were prose-cuted. I went to the chief of police, to see if I could find out what steps were necessary to stop such work, and he said that 'I would be unable to sustain any case, as the man would say it was necessary work.' It makes me 