AMERICAN SENTINEL. 245 knows the truth in a case where more learned men confess their ignorance." Yes, indeed it is, if you assume that you know the truth. Don't assume anything, and when you are not sure that you know, don't be ashamed to say that you don't know. But what is there strange in a person's knowing what the Lord tells him, and in being sure that' he knows it? In such a case it is sin not to know. Jesus says, "If ye continue in my word, . . . ye shall know the truth." The Word of God is sure, and whoever believes it may be sure. "LET the peace of God rule in your hearts." Items of W, C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. THE power of the drink appetite was yet to be discov-ered. As long as its cry had been answered, no one dreamed of its resources of torture, but soon after that pledge-signing period of our work we had a sudden and rude awakening. The men who had pledged themselves in the most solemn manner never again to touch, taste, or handle the accursed thing, were seen staggering, drunk, on the streets, and in and out of the saloons, just as before. We looked on, amazed, long enough to satisfy ourselves that we were not suffering from optical illusion, and then hastened to our places of prayer to inquire of the Lord what this could all mean. In the process of the investigation we learned the depths of iniquity in which the liquor business had its root. First of all was that terrible physiological effect of drink on the human structure, which made its victim an easy prey to the tempter who would stop at nothing to gain his endŠand for which we in our ignorance were wholly unprepared. It was not possible for us to imagine the diabolical means which were to be employed to undo our work. The drinking water tanks at Temperance head-quar-ters were not infrequently "doctored" with whiskey for the purpose of setting on fire the smouldering craze for drink in the man struggling to be free. The side-walks in front of saloons were sprinkled with saw-dust, which had been wetted down with "forty rod whiskey;" this steam-ing up, and loading the atmosphere with poison, was a death-trap to any man with the appetite still lurking in his breast. In one instance which I know personally, a quantity of the same vile stuff was thrown splashing into the regular prayer-meeting of a church to which one of these pledged men had united himself. It was well known that the odor of strong drink made him powerless to resist, and it was also known that he never missed a prayer-meeting; so the enemy supposed that he was al-most sure of his victim, and what a victory it would be to be sure to drag this man by that subtile cord, a de-praved appetite, back into his old haunts again, right out of the bosom of the church. The enemy knew his power, but he did not know the power of Christ in hearts that were filled with divine sym-pathy for a tempted man, and after making such an ef-fort to get possession of the poor, struggling soul, the perpetrator of the deed had to stand at his saloon door and see the man for whom he had stooped so low, sur-rounded by a cordon of faithful Christian brothers, walk safely past, and so escape to his home. The temperance work took on a very serious aspect in view of these facts, and we said one to another: "The saloon must be destroyed. It is still a question of faith and prayer toward man and God. We know that God is with us, but it is evident that we have not yet found the right men; there is some reason why neither saloon keep-ers nor drinking men can close out the liquor business. We must turn to the men who have the power to say what shall or shall not be in the village, the city, the state, and the nation." This brought us to the petitioning period of our work. We drafted memorials to village boards, city councils, to state legislatures, praying in the name of God, of suf-fering women and children, and of tempted men, that no more saloons should be licensed to sell intoxicating liquors. These petitions were presented in person. Solemn preparations were made for these visits to the august bodies of law makers, and our hearts were opened to them as only the most urgent necessities could have opened them. The appeals that were made by mothers with growing boys were such as to bring tears to the eyes of the grey-bearded "fathers" to whom our petitions were made; and as we went out from the presence of these law-makers, we said to each other, "Our petitions certainly will be granted. Did you not notice how Judge Šlooked at his wife, and how Lawyer Š wiped his glasses more than once? These men can't refuse us when so many of their wives are with us." The next morning the daily papers told the pathetic story of the woman's petition, rehearsed the speeches that had been so touching and eloquent; commented on the beautiful courage of the organization, and also its impractical way of dealing with the great questions of revenue, of demand and supply; and then told how the petition had been treated with great respect, but of course, had been laid on the table. In a few instances the petitioners were very roughly treated. History could scarcely furnish anything more brutal than the mobbing of the women in Chicago as they were on their way to the City Hall with their petition; a chapter which every fair minded man must be ashamed to have stand open for the world to read; while the women of that devoted band now growing rapidly old still speak of the experience with reluctance, and shame-facedness because of the vileness with which its memory reeks. "THE fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace." 