APRIL 20, 1892. AmRnicAN SRNTINRIL 125 encroachments of Rome. But this broad and generous policy is just what will throw, and already has thrown, the peo-ple off their guard, and caused them to fail to note the insidious advances of this foe. Right at this time, when the Supreme Court of our land has decided that this is a " Christian Nation," that it is consti-tutional to legislate on religion, as witness the Sunday-closing proviso of the World's Fair, and has utterly ignored the consid-eration of the constitutionality of these unconstitutional acts,Šhow fitting it is that Rome should immediately show her hidden hand, and seek to "bring about a very desirable harmony of action," by es-tablishing, as she has, a second, pope at our national capital, founding the great-est university of the denomination at this point, and ingratiating herself into the good feelings of the legislators, which means that before they know it they will be powerless to withstand her demands. Indeed, now the startling statement is made that those who would, " are power-less to stay the incoming tide." How easily can come in along these lines a fulfillment of the words that have come to us with such significance : "Protestant-ism is now reaching hands across the gulf to clasp hands with the Papacy." Where is the student of prophecy who is watching the unfolding of these events who can not see in them that which is most thrilling ? How it should stir the very soul of every one who knows them, to the greatest activity.Š W. E. C. in Re-view and Herald. An Open Letter. ]This open letter is to a clergyman who returned a copy of the pamphlet " The National Sunday Law " unread, because he was, as he said, situated like Nehemiah when he made the reply, "I am do-ing a great work so that I can not come down." The supposition from the scriptual connection here is that some harm was supposed to be concealed in the pamphlet, for Nehemiah would not come down for the reason that he feared Sanballat and Geshem would do him harm. This is an unreasonable fear. '('here is truth in this pamphlet. "Prove all things, hold fast that which is good] Holyoke, Mass., April 7, 1893. My Dear Friend: I was very glad in-deed to receive your letter of a few days ago, and to get so full and frank an ex-pression of your sentiments on the ques-tion of enforced Sabbath Observance; still, I must confess that I was very sorry to discover, from the tone of your letter, that you had not yet taken in the great principle of religious liberty which was first enunciated by our Saviour, and prac-ticed by the Apostolic Church up to the time of the beginning of the great apos-tasy, when, as Paul predicted, there would " come a falling away," and the " man of sin" be revealed, etc., and he told how this would be accomplished. He told the Church that there would arise from among themselves men teaching perverse things to draw away disciples after them. So long as the disciples of Jesus Christ walked in the simplicity of the gospel they were attended by the power of the Spirit of God to such an extent that, as the record shows, there were added to the Church daily of such as should be saved, and in one case, at least thousands were converted in a single day. But when be-lievers began to exalt themselves, and strove to draw away disciples after them-selves instead of after Christ, then the power of the Spirit left them, and then it was that they found it necessary to call in  the aid of the civil law to enforce their interpretation of the word of God. And to just the extent that the civil authority was used to enforce the teachings of these leaders of the Church, to just that extent was the union of Church and State es-tablished; for the union of Church and State was never anything more than the enforcement of Church dogmas by the civil power; and it was only the logical outgrowth of this principle of enforced religion by the civil power that formed the Papal Church, and led to all its tyranny, and finally, to the Inquisition itself. Religious liberty was smothered and religious tyranny prevailed until this monstrous beast, which was nothing else than this iniquitous system carried out, had literally fulfilled the prophecy of Daniel 7:25, and had "worn out the saints of the Most High;" but for the elect's sake those days were shortened. God raised up Martin Luther and inspired him with the Spirit of Christ, and caused him to stand forth as the exponent of the great truth, that in spite of public senti-ment and in spite of the commonly ac-cepted mode of religious observances, all men are of right, and ought to be, free to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences. Religious liberty was the keynote of the Reformation, and the following out of that righteous principle laid the foun-dation for every advanced step ever taken in the Christian religion. But man is as prone to error as sparks are to fly upward, and the devil is always ready with plausible arguments; he soon persuaded the Church leaders that they were the only repositories of the truth of God, and impressed upon them the Chris-tian duty of compelling everybodyŠby lawŠto conform to their views. Another religious tyranny was set up, and our forefathers were driven to Holland, and from thence came to this country to es-cape persecution, and the anthem which they first struck up when their feet rested upon Plymouth Rock was one of praise for freedom to worship God. But even before the echoes of that heaven-born strain had died away in the wilderness they began to make and enforce religious laws. The result was a blot upon the early pages of our history, the horrid de-tails of which are familiar to you. The only man of those times who dared to stand for liberty of conscience in Mas-sachusetts was Roger Williams, and he was banished for that grave offense. Wherever religious bigotry and tyranny prevailed, there this system of enforced religion prevailed, and wherever the spirit of enlightened Christianity pre-vailed, there religious freedom prevailed. But God had a part for this country to play in his great plan. You will find it all written out in Rev. 13:11-13; and so he led this people through just those ex-periences which were calculated to de-velop love of freedom and a spirit of independence. Liberty became their watchword and their theme. For the sake of civil liberty they endured all the hardships and perils of the Revolutionary War. This was the way in which God led and disciplined them that they might attain to some just idea of what true lib-erty was; and even then the most ad-vanced thinkers hardly rose to a concep-tion of it, for it was only after prolonged and stormy debates that Washington, Jefferson and Madison were able to secure the insertion of a clause in our Constitu- tion which prohibited a religious test oath as a qualification to office. Some of the speeches of these great men upon this topic are among the grandest productions of human genius, not only as examples of rhetoric, but also for the grand principles and sublime truths which they embodied, and which we have heretofore delighted to honor. But even the best efforts of such men as these could only secure a slight recognition of these principles. After prolonged agitation, however, the country was so worked up to the point that an amendment to the Constitution was passed by the first Congress Ł of this country, which declared that Congress should never make any " law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibi-ting the free exercise thereof ; " and our country emerged with a just claim to the title of land of civil and religious lib-ertyŠthe two characteristics represented by the two horns of lamb-like appearance brought out in Rev. 13. I said that our country emerged with a just claim to the title of land of civil and religious lib-erty, and that was true so far as the fundamental law of the land was con-cerned ; but so far as the practical work-ings of the Government were concerned it was always, to a greater or less extent, false. The failure of the first count cost us our civil war; that of the last, I fear, will cost us the ruin of our country. Very few have ever had any just con-ception of what that title meant; they have not realized that that was a recog-nition of a God-given right to every man on earth. But so it was; and just so long as that principle was observed there could never be any persecution, for "where no law is there is no transgression." Rom. 4:15. But, as I have said, the people did not understand that, and so as early as Oct. 27, 1789, there was complaint made about that clause of our Constitution which guaranteed to us religious liberty. Again in 1811, 1812 and in 1819; but these were only individual complaints. But in 1863 an organization was effected for the avowed purpose of changing our Consti-tution so that it might be lawful to legis-late upon religious questions. The advo-cates of this movement at first worked covertly, taking advantage of the reli-gious sentiment of the country for the furtherance of their ends. They pro-fessed the same piety and zeal for God's cause as did the early bishops, and sought to remedy the evils of the times in the same way. They lamented the lack of piety in others, but instead of laying hold of the promises of God for the power of the Spirit to convince men of sin, they have sought to lay hold of the power of the civil law to compel men to be pious, and they have so far succeeded in this that our national guaranty of religious liberty has been entirely swept away.* Religion has now become a phase of politics, and politics is fast becoming a phase of religion. As it was in the days of Constantine, so now there is mutual intrigue going on; the churches seeking to use the State to further their ends, and the politicians seeking to use the churches for their own advancement. Thus far the churches have been the winners. They have gained control of civil affairs to such an extent that they are able to *This was done by Judge Brewer's decision that this is a Christian Nation, and that the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion and the Church and State charters under which this coun-try was first settled, all speak one language. En. 