 102 AMERICAN SENTINEL..      cal, hollow-hearted, proud, carnal, godless, and increas-ingly immoral. All Christians should renounce its claims. The early Christians regarded its objects and aims, its conversation and amusements, its spirits and attire as utterly unchristian and they utterly renounced it. In-deed, the early Christians would not be admitted into modern "society," nor would they seek admission. No person can be truly loyal to Christ and at the same time to Mrs. Grundy. Her dominion is earthly, sensual, dev-ilish. Her polished manners and esthetical sense are only the veneering and foil of the flesh. 1 John 2:15-17; James 4:4; 1 Tim. 2:9-10; 1 Peter 4:3-5. Of course this principle will keep Christians out of all brotherhoods, or call them out as soon as their eyes are opened, if they walk closely with God. Mau-made societies naturally adopt a man-made and Christless religion. 2. We must be separated from the MARRIAGE YORE with unbelievers in order to live in holy wedlock with our Heavenly Bridegroom. God's people from the outcalling of Abraham, have been forbidden to marry unbelievers. Such intermarriages brought in the antedeluvian apos-tasy. Gen. 6:2-5. Paul declares that Christians should marry only in the Lord. 1 Cor. 7:39. Yoke a sheep and a goat together, and the goat will usually lead the sheep. This is not God's way of saving souls. Lot's daughters, Ishmael, Samson, Ahab, Jereboam, and many others in Bible history were injured or ruined by these unholy alli-ances. The first blasphemer stoned was the son of an Egyptian, married to an Israelitish woman. Lev. 24. The rebellious Absalom was the son of a Pagan woman. Even Solomon was led astray and perhaps lost through alliance with outlandish women. Samson's parents ex-postulated with him against his marriage outside of Is-rael, Judges 14:3. Some one says, "Well, well, if you marry a child of the devil, you may expect to have trouble with your father in-law." Deut. 7:3-4; Josh. 23:12-13; Ezra 9:2 ; Rom. 8:5 ; Luke 16:18. 3. We should renounce the BUSINESS YOKE with un-believers in order to be free to do our Master's business. In a business firm it is unsafe to commit yourself to the action of others who are unconverted. The ethics of the world and Christ are widely different. Dent. 22:10. We are to do all for the glory of God; they nothing. 1 Cor. 10:31. We do all in his name; they nothing. Col. 3:17, We are not to love money; they do. 1 Tim. 6:10. We are crucified unto the world and alive to Christ; they are alive to the world and dead to Christ. Gal. 2:20. Mark the results of such business alliances in 2nd Chronicles, 18th and 20th chapters; also in many examples of mod-ern times. 4. We should renounce the POLITICAL YOKE imposed by bosses, and discharge first of all the duties of our heavenly citizenship. Satan, the usurper, offered the kingdoms of this world to Christ, for a bow. Matt. 4:9. Since the crown rights of our true covenant king have been and still are rejected by all nations during these times of the Gentiles, it is vain for us to expect to reign, rule and run the world. Our misssion is to run people out of it for refuge in Christ. Heb. 6:18-20. In all coun-tries we are pilgrims and strangers who refuse to be nat-uralized. Phil. 3:20. "We've no abiding city here; Then let us live as pilgrims do." (Col. 3:1-3; Heb. 11:13.) We advocate the crown rights of an absent Prince and wait for a rejected dynasty to be restored. Titus 2 : 11-15. There is no "Christian State" on earth, and there never will be one until the Christ of God shall come to erect it and reign over it. The old prophets were in-deed statesmen, under a theocracy, but the apostles were not, under Gentile rule. Good citizenship under the the-ocracy was very different from good citizenship under man's government. Ours is a pilgrim life like that of the father of the faithful and the friend of God. We have a higher citizenship and a loftier patriotism. No instruc-tions are given us in the New Testament for Christians to work in politics or hold office during our Lord's rejection and these times of the.Gentiles. We are ambassadors. Four duties only are enjoined:- 1. Pay taxes. Matt. 17:24-27; Rom. 13:6. 2. Obey rulers. Rom. 13:1-7; Titus 3:1. 3. Honor rulers. 1 Peter 2:17; Jude 8. 4. Pray for rulers. 1 Tim. 2:1-3. Christ and the apostles instruct us in the duties of husband and wife, parents and children, elders and deacons, but not in those of the magistrate. If we have other duties to the state, it must be by inference only; there is no express command. 5. We must renounce the vain and formal RELIGIOUS YOKE of the world for the blessed and spiritual yoke of Christ. Matt. 11:28:30. The religiousness of worldly societies among us is no better before God than pagan-ism. Nothing is farther from the religion of Christ. Two prominent characteristics of the present time are unpre-cedented and phenomenal:Šthe multiplication of socie-ties, and the production of ecclesiastical amusements for mixed saints and sinners. It is a fact to startle thought, that although these two devices are often carried on to help the church to reach the "masses," and attract them to the church, the masses are further away than before they were invented. What then must we conclude concerning the wisdom and scriptural character of these methods? Let us declare and testify with divine assurance, that if the great power of God should come upon us, it would annihilate both these devices. "Ecclesiastical Amusements" would vanish like a de-lusive dream before the earnest work of rescuing lost souls, and these "societies" with their "amusement in-dustry" would merge their spiritual individuality and energy in the promise and potency of the consolidated Church of God, the sacred Bride of Christ. The Church of God, in its original constitution, was not a confederation of man-made and half-breed soci-eties, with the clatter of machinery and the clamor of methods, but a compact and consolidated body. Eph. 4:15, 16. 