AMERICAN SENTINEL. 389 and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not break their ranks: neither shall one thrust an-other; they shall walk every one in his path: and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded. They shall run to and fro in the city; they shall run upon the wall; they shall climb up upon the houses; they shall enter in at the windows like a thief. The earth shall quake before them; the heavens shall tremble: the gun and the moon shall be dark, and the stars shall withdraw their shining: and the Lord shall utter his voice before his army: for his camp is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word: for the day of the Lord is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?" Joel 2:1-11. "And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he cloth judge and make war. His eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns: and he had a name written, that no man knew, but he himself. And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood: and his name is called The Word of God. And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean. And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations; and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God. And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS. And Isaw an angel standing in the sun: and he cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come, and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God; that ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great. And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army. And the beast was taken, and with him the false prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had received the mark of the beast, and them that worshiped his image. These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brim-stone. And the remnant were slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh." Rev. 19:11-21. A. T. J. A Long-lived Race. The Union Gospel News states that the Spanish Min-ister of Justice has passed a decree to the effect that all pensions to nuns in 1837 shall now cease, except where the person interested can be proved to be alive. In 1837 it was provided that every nun then living should have  a pension for life. Since then not a single death has been notified by the Roman Catholic authorities to the gov-ernment! As the oldest nun registered in 1837 was seventy years of age, the Spanish Minister has grown skeptical of her existence. Church Dictation in Civil Affairs. THE church forces of Columbus, Ohio, are at war upon the city official who holds the office of director of public safety, because he is connected with a theater in the city which is run on Sundays. They have decided that this city official must either recognize Sunday as a sacred day, as they do, or give up his civil office. The pastors' union met and passed a resolution ad-dressed to the mayor requesting him to discharge the irreligious official from his cabinet unless he severed his connection with the theater. Following this, the Ep-worth League met and adopted resolutions in which the action of the director of public safety in running the Sunday theater was denominated "a disgrace to Mayor Swartz's administration, a flagrant violation of law, and an insult to all law-abiding citizens." The Presbyterian Union also met and drew up an address to the mayor, reminding him that "the powers that be are ordained of God," and affirming that he represented God in the administration of municipal affairs. The union called upon him "as God's servant, in whom the hopes of the good people of the city cen-tered" when he was elected to office, to "rise up in your moral manhood and free your administration from the Godless men who would make merchandise out of the moral interests of the community." The pastors' union, Presbyterian union, and Ep-worth League of Columbus are not opposed to the run-ning of this theater on other days of the week. They are not opposed to the theater in itself, as a thing of evil character. If they are, why do they not say so and ask that it be closed on all days alike? No; they are apposed to it on Sunday; and as it is the same on other days of the week as it is on Sunday, the offense plainly does not arise from the nature of the exhibition given but from the peculiar character of Sunday, as a religious day. This also is plainly testified by the fact that only religious people are engaged in this movement to oust the director of public safety from his civil office. The offense arises from the religious character of the day specified in the complaint made by the church peo-ple. The offense depends upon the character of the day, and the character of the day depends upon the religious question whether it is or is not the Sabbath. The answer to this question, as given by the church people concerned in this matter, rests upon assumption. Its support is purely traditional. Assumption being thus the basis of the whole, the offense rests upon assumption, and is only an assumed offense, even from a religious point of view. 