0OT JUVricz 4014..  ., ,. 'lli  GA II ''1.'" i— v lz.  % , 7, ' '+‚ ''..e.P litk 81k1E AND THE GoJRCh FOREVLOWW44".4 DEGLRRRTION OF PRINCIPLES. 206 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 1Ł4121/4.1L'IC0A7A.I.,  NUNS Libortil lissoGiatiOn We believe in the religion. taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according  to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation' by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 48 BOND ST., NEW YORE OITY. 219 5TH ST., S. B. WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE,. CHICAGO, ILL. 18 POST Sr. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 251 w. MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MOIL C. ELDRIDGE, - PRESIDENT. W. A. COLCORD, SECRETARY. THE midsummer anniversary of the American Sabbath Union will be held at Ocean Grove, New Jersey, July 26, 27. THE Chicago Inter-Ocean, of June 3, is authority for the statement that ex-Sen-ator Palmer, President of the Columbian Exposition, says that " the World's Fair will open its doors on Sunday." THE Society of Christian Endeavor, of Tennessee, closed its State meeting at Nashville. on June 7. Among the resolu-tions passed was one favoring the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. THE advocates for the enforcement of Sunday observance by civil law held a meeting for organization at Kankakee, Illinois, May 31. All the ministers of the place were in attendance, and the necessity for vigorous action was strongly urged. THE friends of Sunday legislation have been making a strong effort to secure a stringent Sunday law in Butler, Missouri. The Council refused to act in the matter, so a petition has been circulated, and a long list of names secured from Sunday schools, churches, etc., and the effort with the Council will be renewed with vigor. W. F. CRAFTS reports having delivered seventy-one addresses for the Sunday Un-ion in the first sixty days of what he styles his " tenth Sabbath-reform tour," and makes appointments for Atchison, Kansas, June 21-24, immediately followed by addresses at the Chautauqua Assem-bly, Fremont, Neb. ; Kearney and Lin-coln, June 28-30; the first part of July in Winnipeg and Fargo; a week following  in southern Illinois; the two Cliautauquas at Lakeside, Ohio, and Clarion, Penn., the first week in August; Mansfield, Ohio, August 9; Kansas City, Mo., September 13-16; Oberlin, Ohio, October 16; Can-ajoharie, N. Y., October 20. THE trial of baseball Captain Kelly for playing a Sunday game in Cincinnati re-sulted in an acquittal on a technicality. The prosecution neglected to prove that the game was played on the first day of the week as expressly named in the stat-ute. When will a judge and a jury be found willing to meet these questions in-telligently on the principles involved ? AT the London conference of the Meth-odist Episcopal Church, held at Windsor, Canada, June 9, Rev. J. II. Chant read the report of the Committee on Sabbath Observance. The committee recommended the conference to memorialize the pro-vincial and dominion legislatures " to se-cure for our country a better observance of the Lord's day." THE subject of the Bible in the public schools is being agitated in Galesburg, Illinois. Dr. Sturdevant pronounced it a piece of Jesuitism to protest against the Bible in the public schools and then to denounce them as godless. Petitions ask-ing the Board of Education to compel Bible reading in the schools of Galesburg are being circulated. MRS. FRANCES MILTON TROLLOPE (the mother of the great novelist), visited this country in 1827-30, and in her writings bears the following unconscious testimony as to the peculiar methods then employed for enforcing the observance of the "Amer-ican Sunday." Speaking of the national capital she says :Š The general appearance of Washington on a Sunday is much less puritanical than that of most other American towns; the people walk about, and there are no chains in the streets, as at Phila-delphia, to prevent their riding or driving if they like it. AT Dayton, Ohio, May 21, a large as-sembly of Christian women voted to protest with heart and voice and pen against open Sabbath gates at the Columbian Exposition, to be held in Chicago in 1893, as a disgrace to the Nation and a sin against God. Christians, who in their hearts believe:  that Sunday observance is it duty they owe to themselves and their God, will not go to the Fair on that day even if it should be open. Would the " sin against God " be any less in the man who stays at 'home, intensely longing to be at the Fair, but is deterred because it is closed, than if lie should spend the entire day viewing the exhibits. If sin is what those good women want to avoid in the Nation they must find something to cleanse the hearts of the  people. The gospel is the only remedy for sin, and the closed gates of the great Fair will not bring it to any one. It must come by individual, personal invitation through the open door of the heart. ATLANTA, Georgia, has finally secured the enforcement of a strong Sunday law. All places of business are closed except ho-tels, drug stores, and soda fountains in connection with drug stores. All freight trains are stopped, and no switching is allowed in the yard from twelve o'clock Saturday night till twelve o'clock Sunday night. A correspondent says, "you would certainly think you were back in the fourth century if you were here now." WE heartily acknowledge our obliga-tions to the publishers of " Songs of Free-dom " for a copy of the work. We say frankly it exceeds our expectations of what it would be. It has ringing words set to the national tunes of America, Eng-land, France, and Germany, besides many original melodies. It is calculated to in-spire a love of liberty in the heart of who-ever becomes familiar with its contents. We bespeak a generous sale for it. Price in muslin binding 50 cents, paper 35 cents. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York, or Religious Liberty Association, 267 W. Main St., Battle Creek, Mich. REV. EDWARD THOMPSON, Secretary of the ninth and tenth districts of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, in the course of a report -to the " Pearl of Days," gives as the reasons for the repeal of Sunday laws in California eight years ago, FirstŠThe law could not be enforced, it was not supported by public sentiment; the State had been for years without an American Sabbath, except in a few small communities. Second ŠThere are more infidels of various classes in this State, in proportion to population, than in any other State of the Union. ThirdŠThere are more Seventh-day Adventists, in proportion to population, than in any other State of the Union. FourthŠThe uni-versal wine-growing interests fight against any movement that checks the business of the saloon or closes the Sunday wine-garden and dance house. Mr. Thompson thus summarizes the re-sults obtained by the Sunday Union in that State We have now over one hundred associations propagating Sunday reform and distributing our Sabbath Union literature. In the past year we have held county conventions, State conventions, mass-meetings, and have spoken in nearly all evan-gelical pulAts of this State, attended most of the State religious meetings, and secured favorable at-tention. As the results that have come to the sur-face, we may mention that Santa Anna, the beau-tiful county seat of Orange County, was the first city of the State to enact a Sunday closing ordi-nance. A great battle, lasting over six months in succession, was waged at Los Angeles, the second city in the State, which resulted in a victory for the Sunday forces. Santa Barbara, one of the most important towns in southern California, fol-lowed with a similar ordinance a month later, and this year of 1891 was opened with a Sunday-closing ordinance passed by the County Supervisors of San Bernardino County, and applying to all the towns and cities of that county, the largest county, geo-graphically, in the State. . . . The Supervisors of Los Angeles County have passed a Sunday-closing ordinance for that whole county, the second in population and importance in the State. 