THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 379 "Neither does-National Reform propose to deprive any citizens, without. forfeiture, of any just and in-alienable civil right." But we havealready shown from high author-ity that National Reformers consider that athe-iStsŠamong whom are classed all ivho differ with them in religious faith, and especially those-who differ With ' them in respect to the precise day of the week which. should be observedŠhave no rights whatever; so that all a man will have to do to forfeit his rights in their-estimation will be to disregard Sunday, or to religiously observe another' day in its stead. pow, mark, according to the statement that I have just read, National Reformers deliberately propose to deprive such citizens of just and inalienable rights. And this is just what the advocates,-of religious legislation will do. The success of their move-ment cannot fail of resulting in. religious perse-cution. With the above deliberately-expressed intention to deprive men of just and inalienable rights, place another equally base avowal by Rev. Dr. A. D. Mayo, at the Cincinnati Na-tional Reform Convention, in 1872. After de- daring that the people of the United States would acknowledge-God in the Constitution, he said:Š " They will protect the rights of every citizen, and persecute no man for his religion until that religion leads him ro disobey the law which expresses the will of the majority concerning the moral duty of the citizen. " Of course they will persecute. If they succeed in getting the laws that are desired, they cannot do otherwise. For the State is bound to enforce all the -laws on its statute-books. If it has laws concerning religion and religious practices, it must enforce them, or else have its authority despised. But the punishment of it man because he differs with others in matters of religious faith and practice, is simply religious persecution. Mr. Blair declared '("Senate Hearing," p. 97) that the only; object of the proposed national Sunday law is to make efficient the existing Sun-day laws ,of the States. Yet inefficient as he considers them, they have 'proved efficient enough in Georgia, Tennessee, and Arkansas to deprive men of property, of liberty, and, indirectly, even of life. Now listen to what Rev. J. M. Foster, district secretary of the National Reform Associa-tion, said when pressed to give his opinion of these- outrages :Š " As to the alleged cases of persecution in three States, I have read the description of the cases in Arkansas, Arid they are not of the public-spirited Class that is willing 'to suffer for the common good. The old man and his son of seventeen, whose horse was sold for $27, and the man whose young wife and child died while he was in prison, brought that evil on themselves by breaking the law."ŠChristian, Statesman, Oct. 10, 1889. It is not too much to say that such talk is fiendish. Let no man say that persecution will not follow the passage of religious laws. It can-not be otherwise. And it will not be the vicious and depraved who- will be-the most active in the persecution. No; it will be the very men who are considered the guardians of public morals. M.en who are personally very pleasant and ami-able may make the worst sort of persecutors, when they get so blind that they can regard as a common criminal the one who disregards an unjust human law in order that he may obey a just and divine commandment. One of the strongest indictMents-against religious legislation is that its ,tendency is to transform naturally amiable men into cold-blooded demons of cruelty. Human rights are God-given,; and since God is no respecter of persons,-it follows that he has given to all men the same rights; and thus the Declaration of Independence simply formulated a Heaven-born truth when it declared that all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with the inalienable right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That is, all men -Are created equal with respect to the rights with 4which they are endowed. 'Every man has a God-given right to find his pleasure,, enjoy liberty, and pursue happiness in his own way. Of course it is understood that no 'one shall interfere with another ; for all are to be equally protected; and if all are-equally protected, none will he interfered with. Now it needs no argu-ment to show that one man's violation of Sunday does not deprive another man of his privilege to rest. That ten men in any community who do not observe Sunday, do not in the slighest degree interfere with the right and liberty of the thou-sands of others to observe that day, is clearly shown by the fact that in scores of instances a single individual observes the seventh day regu-larly and strictly, and is not hampered in that observance in the least by the fact that thousands of others openly disregard it, and have no respect for his observance of it. The proposition that every individual has the right to the enjoyment of Sunday, rightly in-terpreted, is only the inverse of the proposition that every individual has the right to the-observ-ance of Saturday, or of any other day, or, so far as man is concerned, of no day at all. But Sunday laws, as before stated, make no provision for the rights of any 'except those who observe Sunday, and deliberately propose to, deprive all others of their_God-given rights. As the Chris-tian Nation says, they propoSe to-deprive certain individuals of inalienable rights and privileges, Thus by their own mouth it is proved that religious 'legislation, as embodied in the move-ment of the National Reform Association and the American Sabbath Union, is a direct blow at the foundation of our government, and is directly in opposition to the Declaration of Independence, Šthe charter of American liberty. It is un-American, and that alone should -be sufficient to condemn it. The man who in a public assembly would declare that .the,framers and signers of the Declaration of Independence were misguided men, and that their work was a fraud, would be set down,- as the worst kind Of an anarchist. The preacher who should make such a statement would lose his congregation. The, teacher who would make such a declaration to a class would be expelled from the public schools. Yet the National Reform Association and the Amer-ican Sabbath Union make the same declaration no less boldly, although not in express terms. They have boldly and openly railed against the statement of the Declaration of Independence that governnients derive their just powers from the consent of the-governed. We say, then, that-  their movement ought to be opposed, because it is of the very essence of anarchy. It does not help the matter to say that those whose rights are thus disregarded are only a few, although Sunday-law advocates. think to console themselves with this-idea. Thus Dr. Edwards said:Š "The parties whose conscience we are charged with troubling, taken altogether, are but few in number. This determines nothing as to who is right; but-  the fact remains, and is worthy of- note, that, taken all together, they amount to kit a small, fraction of our citizenship." Almost every lecturer in-behalf of Sunday leg-islation lays great stress upon the assertion that the observers of the seventh day "amount to but about seven-tenths of one per cent of the entire population ; " and that, therefore, they are too insignificant to be noticed or to have their rights and privileges taken into account. But right here is a principle which they over-look : It is not whether a few individualS who observe the seventh day may be ignored on that account, but whether the government can -afford to disregard the rights of people simply 'because they are in the minority. Let the government once start upon the line of doingjnjustice to even a single individual, and there is no telling where it will stop. If a law may be enacted which will trample upon the rights of one individual, the , same principle will allow the enactment of a law that will ignore the rights of many. If a few people may have their' rights ignored because they differ with the majority as to the precise day of the week to be observed religiously, a few other people may have their rights ignored be-cause they differ.  with the majority on some other subject. Moreover, majorities and minorities ate subject to fluctuation. Politics are changeable, and the side which has the majority to-day may, within a year, be represented only by a feeble minority; so that if the government once starts upon a career of injustice, not a single individual will have any guarantee of safety. We have been proceeding upon the-supposition that those who observe Sunday, and those Who are working for national Sunday laws, are in the majority; but this is a great mistake. The popu-lation of the United States is between 60,000,000 and 70,000,000 ; of this number the best statis-ticsŠthose which are furnished by the religious denominations themselvesŠshow that less than 15,000,000 are even professors of religion. Only that number of people, have their names on church-books. According to the admission of leading men in this Sunday-law movement, a large per cent. of this number pay no more re-gard to Sunday- than: do non-professors. There-fore, it is self-evident that ,the attempt to secure Sunday laws, and- to have the government en-force them, is an attempt by a very small minor-ity to-control the country. The petition that has been presented to Con-gress +ad, according to the highest estimate-of its friends, only 14,000,000 indorsers; and of this number the larger portion never saw the petition. The Methodist Episcopal Church, the Baptist Church, the Presbyterian Church North and South, and the Reformed Church; are-counted as having indorsed the petition ; and yet it was only a few delegates from these bodies that indorsed it; and on the strength of this so-called indorse-ment, - the entire membership was counted, to make 6,000,000 of the 14,000,000.. Leave out the vast'nurnber -who had- never seen the petition, and that 6,000,00.0 would dwindle,  down to a small fraction of 1,000,000. Then, notwithstand-ing the fact that the Presbyterian Church was counted with- the other denominations--which together only made up 6,0400,000 of the 14,000,-000Šthat -church Ł appears the second. time in the same list of 14,000,000, thus furnishing 700,000 more to. the list, all of which Should be omitted: Then-, again, a letter from Cardinal Gibbons personally indorsing the movement;  was counted as adding 7,000,000 to the list, all of which should be deducted. 