Illl`idiC~4~4'~41u II ..11(11 %pin Equal and exact justice -to all alert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas ersOn. V OLUME 5 , NEW YORK, APRIL 17, 1890. NUMBER 16. the American Sentinel. DOBLISHED 'WEEKLY, BY TILE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, . E. J. VVAOGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. THE proposed amendment to the Consti-tution of the United States, offered in Congress by. Senator Blair, is one of .the Most i.mportant and perilous propositions over before the American people. It has been most adroitly worded and worked thus far. . 1. . It is a most outrageous attempt to &Spoil the arduous yet glori-ous work of our forefathers in forming a GoVernment under which men could "serve God according to the dictates of :their own consciences." It proposes the union:of Church and State, and that the schools of-each State shall teach a religion in conformity with this amendment to the Federal Constitution. This would not only open the gateway to the barren fields of atheism and infidelity but would cause millions to enter. .The fittest place for religion is in the human heart, and not in a written COnstitution. Its alliance with poli4Cal power for despotic legislation will never make men religious; it may thus make cringing cowards; hypocrites, and superstitious slaves of men, but never a grateful-and grand Christian.Š Welcome Tidings, Elizabethtown, Ky. TAR organ of the American Sabbath Union says Judge Hutchins, acting police Magistrate, Cleve-lnd, Chi D, recently discharged Barber Charles Schu-ler, one- of, the Weddell House men arrested in January for, violating the State law against common labor on Sunday, on the ground that Sunday shav-ing IS* work of necessity: It is expected that all the hotel barber shops, and most of the others whose riropriotors do. hot Łfavor .Sunday closing, will be thrown, open StindaY, as, the barbers are satisfied that no convictions can follow their arrest for violating either the State law or city ordinance upon the sub- This is a little more liberal than the de- cisions of some of the southern courts. In Tennessee and several other southern States quiet, inoffensive men have been fined and imprisoned for no other offense than that of working upon Sunday for the support of their families, and that after having conscientiously kept the seventh day according to the strict letter of the di-vine law. If shaving is a work of neces-sity in Ohio, certainly the cutting of wood ought to be a work of necessity in Georgia, and plowing corn ought not to be a pun-ishable offense in Tennessee. The whole thing goes to show the injustice of treat-ing as a crime on Sunday that which would be considered perfectly proper and even commendable upon any other day. An Interesting Letter. HERE is a letter that explains itself. The California whence it is written is not the State of California, but the post-office of that name in Michigan. The ladies of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union are ever welcome to a hearing in our columns. California, March 11, 1890. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL:Š Your paper has become of late a regular visitor in my home, coming from some unknown source, and I cannot refrain from expressing my astonish-ment and righteous indignation at the misleading statements and false charges made against the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, in your issue of Feb. 13. In your statement that "the directors of the Young Men's Christian Association of Milwaukee gave formal notice to the W. C. T. U. that they could no longer have the use of their building for the reason that having allied them-selves with the Prohibition party they must be treated as other political organizations are, " you have purposly or otherwise omitted the most im-portant fact concerning that action of which I can-not think you were ignorant. Why did you not, like an honest man, give the real true reason for such action. Which was that they (the directors) were instigated to this deed by brewers who contributed to the building fund ? You could not have done this and then added as you did, "The management of the Y. M. C. A. which through all the ups and downs of the day has kept it straight on its Christian course clear of all  entanglements, is worthy of the highest admiration on the part of everybody, as it has it on the part of the AMERICAN SENTINEL " It is onlyan evidence of recieving bad dollars for a good object, and that never yet won the approval of God or the admira-tion of good men, your statement to the contrary nevertheless, and I am grieved to see a professedly Christian paper express their " admiration" of a deed that was instigated and accomplished by the saloon element. You say further, " The W. C. T. U. has ceased to be anything but a political club, and its work anything less than a continuous political campaign." It is certainly the duty of people who make such grave_ charges, either to prove them or in honor cease to slander the brave organization that stands by the work of temperance reform un-stampeded. This charge you cannot substantiate by any word or act upon record. The W. C. T. U. is organized mother love seeking to promote the interests of home and all that a Christian wife and mother holds sacred and dearŠworking with a determination that yields to no discouragement for the suppression of all that is impure and unholy, and for the advancement of all that is pure and true and good. In calmly reflecting upon your statement, from a personal knowledge of, and a long identification with, the work of the W. C. T. U. I am forced to one of these cOnclusionsŠthat you are totaly ignorant regarding the work of the W. C. T. U. or you are wholly in sympathy with the saloon. Wa.s it the work of a " political campaign" or was it divine love that nerved the heart and brain of Mrs. Mary Hunt to labor and cease not until she had brought State and National protection to the aid of 12,000,000 of the children of our public schools, in securing in twenty-six States and Territories a Scientific Temperance Instruction law ? Is the sup pression of impure literature and the laws forbidding the sale of tobacco and cigarettes, to minors, the work of a " political campaign ? " Look at the record of the work of the W. C. T. U. among the railroad employes, the soldiers and sailors, the lumbermen ; the work of the Flower Mission; ask the men in the jails and prisons of its influence upon them and then answer 1 We do not claim anything to boast of in our work, but very much to thank God for. In our own State during the past year, we have supported two missionaries in the lumber camps. The men have become, acquainted with the name and Work of our organization. One fellow said to the missionary, who asked him to sign the pledge, " Yes, I'll sign it and keep it too, for the W. C. T.- U. is the only organization that thinks we poor fellows have souls." Is this and kindred work among the in-mates of our jails, and prisons, and almshouses, that has been blessed of God to hundreds of souls the work of a "political campaign?" If you so regard it, your ideas of a political campaign must be vastly different from those of the majority of politicians. 