AMERICAN SENTINEL. 425 THE country is at war. It has been at war for two months and more; but now that heavy fighting has be-gun between the armies on Cuban soil, and many are fall-ing in battle, the terrible fact of war becomes far more real to the public mind than it could be made by reports from the blockade around Havana. The fighting spirit of the people is aroused, and war and fighting are glori-fied in the popular sentiment of the day. * You are one of the people. The events which are transpiring upon the fields where the honor, prestige, and power of the Government are being put to the test, have an effect upon you, as they do upon others. The nation is developing national character, and this must affect, sooner or later, the fortunes of every individual under its jurisdiction; but more important to you is the fact that you are developing individual character, either through the influence of public sentiment around you, or from some other source. No one is an idle spectator of the great change that is in progress in national policy and sentiment. It affects in some way every person who dwells under the national flag. * * THE question is, Do you realize what duties and re-sponsibilities are brought to you by the swift procession of events? Do you stand as an individual? or do you stand as one of the mass? To do the former means more than to do the latter. Do you act upon your own judg-ment? or upon the judgment embodied in public senti-ment? Are you willing to stand, if necessary, upon your own convictions of right, against a multitude who hold different views? These are questions that an individual may properly propound and answer to himself at any time after he has arrived at years of discretion. * * THE tendency of the age is to lose individual identity in the mass. The teaching which comes from sources re-garded as authoritative says that individual judgment must be sacrificed to that of the majority, for the general good. This is quite proper in all matters which do not involve questions of moral right or wrong. But it is now said that public morality is paramount to individual morality; that there is a State conscience, and that to this the individual conscience must give way. And let no one imagine that these are questions which do not per- eonally concern him. The issue may arise at any time which will oblige, you to choose whether you will stand with the crowd upon their convictions, or against the crowd upon your own convictions; and the decision.will depend upon the nature of the elements you are putting into your character to-day. CHARACTER is the essential thing; not the character of a state or government, or of a body of men taken to-gether, but individual character. Upon individual char-acter depends national character. But whether politi-cians and legislators recognize this truth or not, it is important for you to recognize that your own character is, for you, more important than all things else. It is more important for you, that your own character should be upright, than that the like character should belong to the nation. THE first step in the formation of a proper character is independence. The national character began with the Declaration of Independence; and that was a result of the individual independence which ruled in the breasts of its signers. Independence means simply cutting loose from unnecessary supports. It was not intended that you should lean mentally upon some one else, any more than that you should lean upon some one for physical support. The child learns early to stand alone, and then to walk alone; and to the mind is due the like degree of development. Some people never get beyond the creep-ing period, mentally, and must depend all their lives upon others for mental support; but this is a terrible misfortune. The mind, no less than the body, was en-dowed by the Creator with the capacity for independent action; and it is an important moment in the life of an individual when he stands for the first timeŠmentallyŠalone; even more so than when he first stands alone or takes his first step unsupported, physically. IT is not intended that you should lean upon public sentiment. Public sentiment is not an argument,Šat least not a conclusive one. And in questions relating to moral right and wrong it is to be remembered that pub-lic sentiment is most often in the wrong. That public sentiment now glorifies war and demands an expansion of military power and of territory, does not settle the question for you. The decisions of other people do not settle any question of moral right for you. You must settle such questions for yourself; not of yourself, but by your own judgment, your own conscience, and that Word which is the divine standard of righteousness. Anything less than this is popery, and will if continued result in failure to form that character which is the all-important thing to be gained in this present life. * * * No MAN who leans upon the masses can tower above 