THE ANIETICAN SENTINEL. 85 our part to ask such legislation, and suicidal to rejoice over it. Say it is not religious intol-erance if you choose, but I know it is, and you know it is. To indorse these Sunday laws as a church is, to indorse or to approve one of the festivals of the ancient sun-god, and an edict of a Pope of Rome. And how our Protestant divines, and Baptist ministers, especially such men as Dr. P. S. Henson, of this city, and Dr. Fulton, of Brooklyn,ŠI say, how these brethren can defend a law that attempts to consecrate a day which is made holy by the decree of a heathen idolater, I do not understand, nor can they explain it. I do not oppose these Sunday laws, however, on account of their origin, but because I do not want to see the church creeds put into our law books. No, not a single line of any creed do I want to see there. And I think the larger number of candid-minded people in this country, upon sober second thought, will follow the example of California in this matter, should such laws be enacted here, and repeal them.ŠSelected. Religious Exercises in State Schools. IN May, 1885, the Secretary of State at Washington officially rebuked the Austrian Government for declining to receive our ap-pointed minister because his wife was a Jewess. In the letter of censure he says: "Religious liberty is the chief corner-stone of the Amer-ican system of government, and provisions for its security are imbedded in the written charter, and interwoven in the moral fabric of its laws." This is the boast of America. Moreover, religious liberty is her own contribution to the science of government. For, until ours was formed, there had never been a government in Christendom which was not a crude alloy of the gold of Christianity with the iron of civil power. The reformers did not reform the adulterous union of Church and State. There is not a creed or a confession of faith framed by them that does not give to the civil magistrate coercive authority in religion. The proclamation of religious liberty attracted to America the exiles of every land. Yet the dissenters who sought freedom here would hardly permit dissent. William Penn established " free soil for Christianity" only. Lord Baltimore tolerated only theists, and al-lowed only Christians in office. The charter of Roger Williams proposed to propagate Christianity, and under it Jews were denied citizenship. Still, it is the glory of Rhode Island that, for a century and a half before the Federal Constitution, she maintained a system of religious liberty which was, of all that the world had ever seen, the nearest to perfection. The sovereign Convention of Virginia framed and adopted unanimously, June 12, 1776, the famous Bill of Rights. This enact-ment, far surpassing Magna Marta, laid the foundation of all American government, both State and Federal. Sections 15 and 16 read as follows:Š " No free government, or the blessings of liberty, can be preserved to any people but by  a firm adherence to justice, moderation, tem-perance, frugality, and virtue, and by frequent recurrence to fundamental principles. " Religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence; and therefore.all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion according to the dictates of conscience; and it is the duty of all to practice Christian forbearance, love, and charity toward each other." Mr. Jefferson, as one of the committee to revise the laws of Virginia, wrote the "Act to Establish Religious Freedom," which was passed December 16, 1785. From the origi-nal text of the long and grand preamble we quote a few select clauses:Š " Well aware that Almighty God hath created the mind free, and manifested his supreme will that free it shall remain, by mak-ing it altogether insusceptible of restraint; that all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by. civil incapaci-tations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord of both body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercion on either, but to extend its influence by reason alone; that to compel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propagations of opinions which he disbelieves, is sinful and tyrannical; that even the forcing him to support this or that teacher of his own religious persuasion is de-priving him of liberty; that the opinions of men are not the object of civil government, nor under its jurisdiction: " We, the General Assembly, do enact, That no man shall be compelled to frequent or sup-port any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burdened in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suffer on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion, and that the same shall in nowise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities. . . . And we do declare that the rights hereby asserted are of the natural rights of mankind, and that if any act shall be hereafter passed to repeal the present, or to narrow its opera-tion, such act will be an infringement of nat-ural right." The Constitution of the United States, as originally adopted in September, 1787, con-tained no guarantee of religious liberty. The only reference to the subject was in Section 3, Article 6, in these words: "No religious test shall be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." But the First Amendment, which was pro- posed by Virginia and adopted because of her insistence, explicitly declares: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." And so the stone which the builders rejected, the same was made the head of the corner. Thus perfected, the Federal Constitu-tion was ratified by all the then existing States, and to-day every State, old and new, has a similar provision in its own organic law. So it is that " religious liberty is the chief corner-stone of the American system of gov- ernment, and provisions for its security are imbedded in the written charter, and inter-woven in the moral fabric of its laws." It is very evident, in the light of these well-known facts, that any religious exercise what- ever in a State school is a violation of religious liberty, for it is essentially of the nature of a religious establishment, consisting of religious observance ordained by civil law, and con-ducted by a ministry whose pay is furnished by general taxation. Religious instruction is necessarily sectarian; for, though the law may not prescribe the doctrine, yet if it prescribe or even permit a teaching, it gives its sanction to what is taught, and thereby maintains a certain, yet very uncertain, form of doctrine. It is impossible for any instructor in religious matters to teach what will be approved by all; his teaching will inevitably be colored by his own adopted views. Thus, in many of our State schools we have a sectarian establish-ment, and citizens are taxed to sustain re-ligious observances which in conscience they disapprove. The sort of horizontal reduction enacted in some States, that the Bible be read without comment, is a concession that is a confession. Shall the Pedobaptist be forbidden to enlarge on household baptism? That were hard. But what is the Bible? Does it exclude the Apocrypha? The Romanist says, No. Does it include the New Testament? The Jew says, No. The concession stops short of justice. But, says some shallow casuist, education with us is not compulsory; the objector need not patronize the public schools. It is suffi-cient to reply that the question is not concern-ing patronage, but concerning taxation. Yet observe; by ordering the school so that the objector cannot in conscience patronize it, you rob him of the share in free education to which his tax entitles him. Equally shallow is the proposition to make the religious exer-cises elective. Then, indeed, the objector, availing himself of the other courses alone, may get all that he wants, for himself or his children, free and untainted. But the crying fact remains; the spot that will not out. He is taxed to maintain a teaching for others which he believes to be false and injurious. We, the great majority, enact; they, the small minority, must submit. And so, the tax. We, the wise and powerful majority, are orthodox, no doubt; they, the foolish and weak minority, are guilty of shocking heresy, no doubt. Then why not also the rack? To the chivalric and the just, the feeble are sacred. And therefore our fathers proclaimed religious liberty, made it organic law, imbedded it in State and Federal Constitutions. What is a Constitution but an gegis of the minority to shield them from the tyranny of the majority? Only within its provisions may the majority rightly overrule. Nevertheless, we, the boast-ful heirs of a freedom which proclaims that there shall be no religious observance estab-lished by law, go about, and establish a re-ligious observance by law. Oh ! that some Hampden would arise in this far nobler cause, and resist, even to imprison-ment, an impious impost, and bring the Su-preme Court to pronounce upon the constitu-tionality of a law imposing a tax in support of 