THE Am-  Ei?icAN 157 taken to establish a church as well as a religion, for it was then decreed thatŠ WHEREAS, There hath been many complaints of want of due maintenance of the ministers as some have reported; It is therefore enacted that noe pastor or teacher of any congregation shall remove before his complaint hath been tendered to the majestrates, and they have heard both sides; that upon such complaints, if there appears to bee a reall defect in the hearers of the ministers soe com-plaining, the majestrates shall use all gentle means to persuade them to doe their duty heerin. But if any of them shall not heerby be reclaimed, but shall persist through plaine obstinacy against an ordinance of God, that then it shall bee in the power of the majestrate to use such means as may put them upon their duty. These are some of the foundation stones. There are more. Mr. Justice Brewer says they are the polished corners of the perfect structure of a Christian Nation, and Mr. Justice Brewer and his associates are the Supreme Court of that Nation. W. H. M. Appropriation for Sectarian Purposes. ACCORDING to Judge Brewer's decision Christianity is recognized by our na-tional Government. The City Council of Omaha, Neb., must have been reading the learned Judge's decisions, for as reported by the Omaha daily Bee of April 20, 1892, the City Council passed a resolution appro-priating the sum of $275 to defray the ex-pense of a reception to be given the min-isters composing the Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, to assemble in that city some time in May. The Mayor opposed the resolution as being illegal, and proposed to raise the amount by private donations, and gave his check for $25, as a starter, but the Council im-bibing the spirit and theory of National Reform unanimously passed the resolution over the Mayor's veto, and returned the Mayor his check for $25. Thus as our Supreme Judges recognize Christianity as the religion of the General Govern-ment,. the City Council of Omaha goes it one better (and a logical step too) and rec-ognizes the Christianity of Methodism as the religion of the great State of Nebraska, and is consistent too, by supporting it out of the public funds by equal taxation. Let every liberty loving citizen of Nebraska protest. J. J. HUGHES, Brownville, Neb. A Timely Satire. THE Christian Cynosure, of Chicago, last week contained this paragraph :Š The Chicago City Council, with its customary effrontery, instructed the Mayor to close all the offices of the City Hall on the 17th of March (St. Patrick's day) and to declare it a holiday; and the Mayor obeyed. At the Baptist Ministers' meeting on the 4th instant, Dr. P. S. Henson presented a resolution, that " this conference of Baptist minis-ters imperatively demands that, if the precedent thus established by our City Council is to be fol-lowed in the future, St. Andrew shall have a memorial day in deference to the feelings of our Scottish fellow-citizens, and that William Penn shall be similarly honored in deference to the Quakers, and Roger Williams in deference to the Baptists, and John Wesley in deference to the Methodists, and John Calvin in deference to the Presbyterians, and Martin Luther in deference to the Lutherans; and if there be any other race or religion that can claim enough voters to be an influential factor at the polls, then the representa-tives of such a race or religion shall each have the privilege of naming any patron saint or reverend ecclesiast in whose honor the city offices shall be closed once a yearŠif there be days enough in the calender to serve the purpose." The satire of this resolution is as timely as it is pointed and deser-ved. Now that this resolution of the Chicago  Baptists has opened the eyes of the Cynosure to the folly of legislation, by city or State, on the ground of religious preferences, perhaps it will have less to say than formerly about legislation in favor of Sunday. And perhaps it will not, How different would it sound if Congress, or any other body with legis-lative power, should order all places of business, within the limits of their author-ity, closed on Sunday in deference to the wishes of a certain class of religionists who demand it ? Then let some Henson frame a resolution that the same body pass a law that all places of business be closed on the seventh day in deference to the religious preferences of Seventh-day Bap-tists, Seventh-day Adventists and Jews, and on Friday in deference to the consci-entious practices of the Mohammedans, etc. Would not the satire be as timely, pointed, and deserved ? When will well-meaning men learn that all religious legis-lation is class legislation and is a menace to all religious and civil liberty, and so is a direct sword thrust at the foundation principles of our Government ?---Sabbath Recorder. Paternalism in Government. THE Post, an independent paper of Washington, D. C., has the following article under the heading, " The Cancer of Paternalism " :Š Robert Lees, as temporary chairman of the Dem-ocratic State convention of Wisconsin, on Wednes-day made what the dispatches call a "remarkable speech " in his opening remarks to the assembled Democracy, and remarkable it was for its vigorous denunciation of the growing spirit of paternalism in the Government, and for the wholesome truths he told concerning a matter that is far too seldom made a topic of public discussion. Whether Mr. Lees is right in charging our prog-ress toward paternalism wholly to the Republican Party is immaterial ; it was but natural that he should do so in addressing a Democratic convention. But wherever the responsibility lies, and both parties are more or less at fault, the evil is the same, and calls for remedy, if the self-respecting people of this country desire to preserve their independence and individuality. Mr. Lees, who is evidently no believer in the "divine efficacy of law, whether it be in the en-actments of Congress or State legislatures," is verging close upon grave and dangerous facts when he says:Š " We no longer trust the people with any power. We treat them as though they were children and incapable of exercising ordinary discretion in con-ducting their own personal affairs. If a man is involved in a difficulty with his neighlictr, he can only obtain redress by engaging the services of an attorney duly admitted to practice in the courts of the State, and holding the certificate of a commis-sion created by law. He can only be poisioned by a druggist duly licensed, or become intoxicated in a duly licensed saloon. His food has to be examined by State authorities. For fear that he may not know what is wrong with his horse when it is sick, the State steps in and informs him of the nature of the disorder. He is not even allowed to let the ox-eyed daisy grow in his field without incurring the risk of a visit from that latest impersonation of the majesty of the law, a weed commissioner. Ere long, at the present rate of progress, one dare not die without procuring the services of a duly li-censed physician, or be buried by any one but a duly licensed undertaker." Paternalism he holds to be the natural outgrowth of a greed for power, which threatens to engulf the liberties of the people unless it be checked. Mr. Lees is not to be understood as decrying any of the safe-guards to social order or calling in the name of anarchy for the overthrow of law. His illustrations are simply designed to show the increasing ten-dency of the times toward dependence of the people upon the Government, rather than the subordina-tion of the Government to the will of the people. It is thus the citizen, who should be the creator and shaper of his own destinies, is fast being made the mere creature of centralized authority. There is a demand in certain quarters for the conversion of the railroad and telegraph systems of the country into great governmental machines  with a gigantic army of operatives to do their bid-ding. There are others who would put the utterances of the newspapers under the censorship of the Gov-ernment, and paralyze the right arm of civil liberty by suppressing the freedom of the press. There was a large section of the party in power two years ago, and possibly is now, in favor of establishing unrestricted suffrage in the several States by shackling the States themselves with Federal statutes that it would breed a revolution to enforce. There are still others who would establish a national bureau of supervision, to regulate, through a legion of paid inspectors, spies, and informers, the character of the food we eat, of the beverages we drink, of the medicines we take, as though the States of the Union were so many institutions for feeble-minded children, incompetent to manage their own affairs. There is a disposition in all directions to shift upon the Government responsibilities and duties that belong primarily to the citizen, and which he can not evade without the sacrifice of everything that gives strength, vitality, and value to his citizenship; a disposition on the part of the legisla-tors to impose the obligations which they are elected and sworn to perform, upon all sorts of commissions, trusts, and subordinate agencies, that are drains upon the treasury and sappers of the public virtue; to establish, in a word, a system of bureaucracy akin to that of Russia, wherein the will of the people becomes a helpless and inappre-ciable factor, over-sloughed by an autocracy that is fatal to genuine independence and a mockery of popular government. Such being the situation, and its outlines are in no wise overdrawn, the robust and patriotic philip-pic of the Wisconsin orator is no less timely than true. It carries with it a weighty admonition. It is a note of warning against the dangers that men-ace the Republic. It should not fall upon one ear, to lightly pass out of the other. It is a call to arms for the public safety. The evil of which this article treats is a most serious one. Nor is it confined to one political party. It may be that in certain lines the Republican Party is more inclined to ultra paternalism than is the Democratic Party, but in the main there is little difference, and these two parties are the conservative forces of the Nation. The so-called reform parties are the very embodiment of paternalism. But neither Mr. Lees nor the Post points out the most serious menace to popular freedom to be found in the paternal ten-dencies of the times. It is in the various measures of religious legislation that the greatest danger lies. Women and the World's Fair. JUST now much is being said both for and against the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, and among the recent utterances in favor of open doors are those of several prominent women, and their arguments display their large knowledge of the world and human nature, as well as their philanthropic motives. They are all deep thinking, intelligent women, wo-men who have the good of humanity at heart, women who take a broad, far-reach-ing, view of matters, women who do not believe in dipping out vice by the spoon-ful while so many men are pouring it in by the bucketful, but rather in stopping the cause thereof. One of these women is Mrs. May Wright Sewell, of the World's Fair Commissioners of Indiana, who at their last week's meet-ing discussed the matter of Sunday closing of the great Fair. During the discussion, Mrs. Sewell said she thought that the Ex-position should be open, since the back doors of saloons and other iniquitous places would be open. She believed that safe and beneficial entertainment should be provided for the thousands who will be drawn to Chicago then, and included among these were the poor who were always there, and who could not afford to 