374 AMERICAN SENTINEL. lower of the Prince of Peace cannot and will not fight with carnal weapons; his weapons are mighty but not carnal. He wields a sword, but it is the "sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God" (Eph. 6:17), he has a defenseŠnot indeed bags of sand, walls of granite, or armor of nickel-steel, but the breastplate of righteousness and the helmet of salvation. The rule of the Christian's life is "Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." 1 Cor. 10:31. The Christian must be Christlike. Christ lives and works in and through him. Gal. 2:20. The Christian fights, but his enemies are not his fellow men, creatures of the same divine hand, bound to the same judgment bar; but the devil and sin. Like the Master his mission is not to destroy men's lives but to save them. Such is the work and the only work of the Christian soldier, for "as he [Christ] is so ARE we in this world." 1 John 4:17. And again, "He that abideth in him [Christ] ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked." 1 John 2:6. Notice, the text does not say, "As He is so we must be in the future kingdom of God, but it does say, "As He is so are we in this world." "If any man have not the spirit of Christ he is none of his." It is not what one hopes to be in the future, but what he is at the present moment that determines his standing in the sight of God. The Christian can engage in no business, occu-pation, or calling in which Christ himself might not en-gage were he living as a man here upon earth, even as he once lived. These things being true, will those who are engaged, or who are proposing to engage in Christian work among those who have enlisted to fight against Spain, will these Christian teachers, I ask, teach the soldiers and sailors of the 'United States these vital truths from the Word of God? Will they seek to make them real soldiers of Jesus ChristŠto walk as he walked, to do in all things as he did, to revile not when reviled, to threaten not when they suffer, to retaliate not when smitten? Or will they teach them the gospel of force, of revenge, of destruction? To teach the first would be to disqualify for military service as many as received it; to teach the second would be to misrepresent Christ and to destroy souls for whom he died. Christianity is opposed to war. True an apostate church has caused men to lose sight of this truth; but during all the years that it has been covered up it has not ceased to be truth; and to-day the word of Christ to each of his followers is, "Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." To obey this injunction requires courage, and that of a higher order even than to face the foe upon the field of carnal strife. Moral courage, the courage of Christ himself, will alone enable any man to be a Christian indeed in a time like this when God's word to every man is, "Choose ye this day whom you will serve." The choice to be made is between the sword of Caesar [the civil power] and the sword of the Spirit. The same individual cannot wield them both, for "no man can  serve two masters." It is not for Christians to right wrongs. "Vengeance is mine; I will repay, saith the Lord." God will in his own good time "Remember the `Maine"; he will also remember the oppressed in every land, the poor, the down-trodden of every age, and will visit with swift and terrible retribution all the guilty not only in Spain, but in every land. Let God's people bide God's time. C. P. B. What Is the Everlasting Gospel?ŠNo. I. BY C. H. KESLAKE. IN the first chapter of Romans, sixteenth verse, the Apostle Paul declares ; "I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.". The reason for this statement is that Christ is the sum and substance of the gospel, for Christ is the "power of God." 1 Cor. 1:24. Any gospel-that has no Christ in it does not have the power of God, and is a worthless thing. Therefore the preaching of the everlasting gospel by the angel of Rev. 14:6, 7, is the preaching of the everlast-ing power of God, which is Christ. That being so, that which Christ has to say to us in this everlasting gospel is: "Fear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come; and worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea, and the foun-tains of waters." As said last week, anything that detracts from this cannot possibly beŁ the gospel, and therefore must be op-posed to Jesus Christ. What the result must be in such a case may be seen from 2 Thess. 1:7, 8: "But to you who are troubled, rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be revealed from heaven, with his mighty angels, in flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that OBEY NOT the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ." The gospel requires all to "Fear God." It must be perfectly plain that those who fail to do this do not obey the gospel, and therefore it must be on such that Christ will come to take vengeance. How shall we fear God? The failure to do this as shown above is no light thing. No human authority is sufficient to answer this question. It must be settled by the Word of God, than which there is no higher author-ity. "For ever, 0 Lord, thy word is settled in heaven.' Ps. 119:89. "Thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name." Ps 138:2. Before answering the question "How shall we fear God?" let us remember that all that the gospel requires of mankind is that we "fear God and give glory to him" . . . and worship him that made heaven and earth, the sea and the fountains of waters." When man does 