vit,  iPt SO Ł Ł ''.01.16111l.. 11%11111111111111111110,11111011,11,  II Equal and exact justice to all rnerl, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, APRIL 10, 1890. NUMBER 15. e American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEICLY, BY THE  PACIFIC .PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 lioNo ST., NEW YORK. EDITORS, E. J.' WAGONER, . ALONzO' T. JONES. THE Pearl of Days demands the closing of' Castle Garden upon Sunday, and gives seven reasons why, in the opinion of the American Sabbath Union, the landing of immigrants should be suspended upon that day. . The reasons. are of course "civil," as Ł are all the considerations urged by the *Union and its friends in behalf of Sunday laWs, But notwithstanding the " civil " gloss with which they seek to cover their demands for governmental recognition of Sunday sacredness, the covering .is not thick enough- Łto conceal the fact that the real ground of their demand is that the landing of immigrants involves " secular work" upon a religious day. It would seen to the ordinary mind that it would be a work of mercy if not of necessity to release ' from: the crowded steerage the wo-men and children who have Łbeen cooped up there for a week or more. But these self-constituted censors of the Government and of everybody else, say, No. THE National Reform Association is making a strong effort now to get Con-gresS to commit itself by legislation to the sacredness of Sunday, by embodying in the World's.  Fair bill a provision that will not allow the fair to be open on that day. The Secretary of the Association has in-terviewed some members of the committee, and other Members of the House upon the question, but he gets little satisfaction, and it is to be hoped that whatever efforts they make in this direction may meet with much less Satisfactory returns, Sun-day is the Very day when thousands upon thonsands could visit the fair who could Hot visit it on other days';; but that con,  sideration is of little consequence com-pared to the immense consequences that would follow to the Nation if Congress is once committed to the guardianship of the sacredness of Sunday. That step once taken would be made the precedent for crowding upon the Government further recognition in the same way, and intro-ducing other religious observances and practices to be enforced by the national power. We hope Congress will show even less favor to this than has been shown to any of the Sunday measures that have yet been brought to its attention. Absolutism Against Government of the People. THE views of government held by Senator Blair, and expressed in the measures origi-nated by him in the United States Senate, are directly antagonistic to the American theory. And that his measures should re-ceive the support that they have received in Congress, and in conventions of organ-izations, shows that there is a willingness to depart widely from that theory of gov-ernment which has made this the best Government on the earth, and which is the theory of government which alone is true. The theory of the Government of the United States is self-government. The theory of the Blair legislation is absolutism. In the Government of the United States the people are expected to govern them-selves; in the Blair legislation it is assumed that the people are incapable of governing themselves, and must therefore be gov-erned. Lincoln's immortal declaration expresses the American idea of government, "A Gov-ernment of the people, by the people, and for the people." That is, the people com-pose the Government. It is a Government in which the people act. In this Govern-ment the people govern themselves.. They do this by their own authority, by their own will, by their own power of govern-ment exerted upon themselves by them-selves ; and they do it for themselves, for their own good, In other words, each  one of the people is expected to govern himself by his own self-imposed power of restraint, and he does it for himself, for his own best interests. Such a Govern-ment is bound to be the best. So long as a majority of the people shall strictly con-form to this idea, so long this Government will be the best. If any of these individ-uals casts aside or loses his power of gov-erning himself by himself, then, for the public good, he must be governed. If an individual cannot be governed by himself, he must be governed from without him-self ; and in such a case only is it expected or provided that governmental authority shall be exerted. There is no place for it otherwise. If it should ever be that a ma-jority of the people should cast aside or lose their power of governing themselves by themselves, then a form of government would, in the nature of things, shape itself by which these would be governed by a mere assertion of governmental authority. But such a Government would be a des-potism modified, or absolute, according to circumstances. Such a form of Govern-ment would be directly opposite to that of the Government of the United States ; and such Government never will rightly obtain here until the majority of the people lose the power to govern themselves by them-selves, and for themselves. And whenever people with ideas of absolutism, whether in the United States Senate or in organiza-tions of whatever name, undertake to put into laws their absolutist views to be as-serted upon the people, then it is for the people patriotically to assert the just ideas of government, and everlastingly relegate such absolutist propositions to the "para-dise of fools," where they certainly be-long. Our whole machinery of government is framed upon this idea, from the precinct or town, through the county and the State, to the national Government. Now from the precinct to the Nation, the idea of each successive form of authority is that it should only be exerted where no other could avail. Beginning with the individ-ual: if every individual would strictly 