OoTollEtt 1l, 1898. A-C1 gIN.11TITINTVILA. 317 keeping the Sabbath holy. In fact, it has been for the past three hundred years the Ł only article of the Christian belief in which there has been a plenary consensus of biblical representatives. The keeping of the Sabbath constitutes the sum and substance of the biblical theory. The pulpits resound weekly with incessant ti' rades against the lax manner of keeping the Sabbath in Catholic countries as con- trasted with the proper, Christian, self-satisfied mode of keeping the day in biblical countries. Who can ever forget the vir-tuous indignation manifested by the bib-lical preachers throughout the length and breadth of our country, from every Prot-estant pulpit, as long as the question of opening the World's Fair on Sunday was yet undecided ? and who does not know to-day that one sect, to mark its holy indigna-tion at the decision, has never yet opened the boxes that contained its articles at the World's Fair ? These superlatively good and unctuous Christians, by conning over their Bible carefully, can find their counterpart in a certain class of unco-good people in the days of the R-cleemer, who haunted him day and night, distressed beyond measure, and scandalized beyond forbearance, be-cause He did not keep the Sabbath in as straight-laced a manner as themselves. The hated him for using common sense in reference to the day, and he found no epi-thets expressive enough of his supreme contempt for their pharisaical pride. And it is very probable that the divine mind has not modified its views to-day anent the blatant outcry of their followers and sympathizers at the close of this nineteenth century. But when we add to all this the fact that whilst the Pharisees of old kept the true Sabbath, our modern Pharisees counting on the credulity and simplicity of their dupes, have never once in their lives kept the Sabbath which their divine Master kept to his dying day, and which his apostles kept, after his example, for thirty years afterwards, according to the Sacred Record. This most glaring contradiction involv-ing a deliberate sacrilegious rejection of a most positive precept is presented to us to-day in the action of the biblical Chris-tian world. The Bible and the Sabbath constitute the *atchward of Protestant-ism ; but we have demonstrated that it is the Bible against their Sabbath. We have shown that no greater contradiction ever existed than their theory and practice. We have proved that neither their biblical ancestors nor themselves have ever kept one Sabbath day in their lives. The Is-raelites and Seventh-day Adventists are witnesses of their weekly desecration of the day named by God so repeatedly, and while they have ignored and condemned their teacher, the Bible, they have adopted a day kept by the Catholic Church. What Protestant can, after perusing these arti-cles, with a clear conscience, continue to disobey the command of God, enjoining Saturday to be kept, which command, his teacher, the Bible, from Genesis to Reve-lation, records as the will of God ? The history of the world cannot present a more stupid, self-stultifying specimen of dereliction of principle than this. The teacher demands emphatically in every page that the law of the Sabbath be ob-served every week, by all recognizing it as "the only infallible teacher," while the disciples of that teacher haye not once for over three hundred years observed the divine precept ! That immense concourse  of biblical Christians, the Methodists, have declared that the Sabbath has never been abrogated, while the followers of the Church of England, together with her daughter, the Episcopal Church of the United States, are committed by the 20th article of religion, already quoted, to the ordinance that the church cannot lawfully ordain anything "contrary to God's writ-ten Word." God's written Word enjoins his worship to be observed on Saturday, absolutely, repeatedly, and most emphat-ically, with a most positive threat of death to him who disobeys. All the biblical sects occupy the same self-stultifying po-sition which no explanation can modify, much less justify. How truly do the words of the Holy-Spirit apply to this deplorable situation ! " Iniquitas mentita est sibi"Š" Iniquity bath lied to itself." Proposing to follow the Bible only as teacher, yet, before the world, the sole teacher, is ignominiously thrust aside and the teaching and practice of the Catholic ChurchŠ" the mother of abominations," when it suits their purpose to so designate herŠadopted, despite the most terrible threats pronounced by God himself against those who disobey the command, " Remember to keep holy the Sabbath." Before closing this series of articles, we beg to call our readers' attention once more to our caption introductory of each, viz.: 1. The Christian Sabbath, the genu-ine offspring of the union of the Holy Spirit with the Catholic Church, his spouse. 2. The claim of Protestantism to any part therein proved to be ground-less, self-contradictory, and suicidal. The first proposition needs little proof. The Catholic Church for over one thou-sand years before the existence of a Prot-estant, by virtue of her divine mission, changed the day from Saturday to Sun-day. We say by virtue of her divine mission, because he who called himself the "Lord of the Sabbath," endowed her with his own power to teach, " he that heareth you, heareth me;" commanded all who believe in him to hear her, under penalty of being placed with the "heathen and publican," and promising to be with her to the en of the world. She holds her charter as teacher from himŠa char-ter as infallible as perpetual. The Prot-estant world at its birta found the Chris-tian Sabbath too strongly entrenched to run counter to its existence; it was there-fore placed under the necessity of acqui-escing in the arrangement, thus implying the church's right to change the day, for over three hundred years. The Christian Sabbath is therefore to this day, the ac-knowledged offspring of the Catholic Church as spouse of the Holy Ghost, without a word of remonstrance from the Protestant world. Let us now, however, take a glance at our second proposition, with the Bible alone as the teacher and guide in faith and morals. This teacher most emphati-cally forbids any change in the day for paramount reasons. The command calls for a "perpetual covenant." The day commanded to be kept by the teacher has never once been kept, thereby developing an apostasy from an assumedly fixed prin-ciple, as self-contradictory, self-stultify-ing, and consequently as suicidal as_ it is within the power of language to express. Nor are the limits of demoralization yet reached. Far from it. Their pretense for leaving the bosom of the Catholic Church was for apostasy from the truth as taught  in the written Word. They adopted the -Written Word as their sole teacher, which they had no sooner done than they aban-doned it promptly as these articles have abundantly proved, and by a perversity as willful as erroneous, they accept the teaching of the Catholic Church in direct,  opposition to the plain, unvaried, and constant teaching of their sole teacher in the most essential doctrine of their reli-gion, thereby emphasizing the situation in what may be aptly designated " a mockery, a delusion and a snare." Should any of the reverend parsons, who are habituated to howl so vociferously over every real or assumed desecration of that pious fraud, Bible Sabbath, think well of entering a protest against our logical and scriptural dissection of their mongrel pet, we can promise them that any reasonable attempt on their part to gather up the disjecta membra of the hybrid, and to restore to it a galvanized existence, will be met with genuine cor-diality and respectful consideration on our part. But we can assure our readers that we know these reverend howlers too well to expect a solitary bark from them in this instance. And they know us too well to subject themselves to the mortification which a further dissection of this anti-scriptural question would necessarily en-tail. Their policy now is to " lay low," and they are sure to adopt it. An Old Wedge Made New, THE devices of our Roman Catholic friends to secure a part of the public school f ands for the support of their sec-tarian schools are many and ingenious. Foiled in one attempt, they begin another without loss of time, varying the mode but never the purpose. Formerly the cry was for the destruction of the "god-less schools" out of hand, and the divi-sion of the funds among Protestant and Roman Catholic parochial schools ; but that scheme, presented in its naked de-formity, has suffered so many and so signal defeats that it is now apparently abandoned, and another, a sort of " Trojan horse " proposition, which it is hoped may prove less offensive to the popular mind, has been substituted for it. The so-called Faribault plan is one form of the new crusade; another has just been proposed by Dr. Martin Walsh, editor of The Sun-day Democrat and The Sunday Herald, of which the author enthusiastically says : "I think that at last a solution of the parochial school question has been found which cannot but receive the commenda- tion of Protestants and Catholics alike." The plan is this : Whenever a sectarian school applies to the State for aid the State shall appoint an inspector to visit and examine it, at least once a month. The examination is to be fully up to the public school standard, and for every scholar who passes there must be a pro rata al-lowance, equal in amount to the cost of similar instruction in the public schools. In support of this plan Dr. Walsh says :Š The education for which the State is bound to provide is secular education, and if the parochial schools give the required education in the necessary and useful branches of natural knowledge, the State ought to pay for it. We have not one word to say against the public schools. We do not ask from the State any aid for Catholics toward relig- ious education, but toward secular education which is up to the public-school standard. We do not want from the State a single cent for lessons in catechism . But to this Dr, Walsh adds, with, an 