AMERICAN SENTINEL. 283 "Your argument seems to prove your point pretty well, Joseph." "But don't you think people ought to keep the Sab-bath?" asked Milly Brown, with a shocked manner. "0 yes, Milly; but I think I am right when I say that I believe it to be very offensive in the sight of God, to coerce or force anybody against his will in such matters. God says he delights to be worshiped in spirit and in truth,Šwhich worship is prompted by love alone,Šnot by force. "The wife of King Philip died of the plague, and when at last it began to abate, he married again. These wed-ding festivals must be attended to, even though the na-tion itself wore a badge of mourning on account of war and pestilence. To pay for these, the wretched people were taxed anew, and it was without doubt a relief to them when King Philip died, directly after his wed-ding." "Did he leave any son to take his throne?" asked Edna Philips, who had kept a careful record of the kings, from Clovis. "Yes; his name was John, and he was very inappro-priately called The Good. He began his reign in 1350, and reigned fourteen years. The last words of his father to him were not words of good advice,Što rule his king-dom wisely, and to be warned by his own sad failures,Šbut he died urging his son to maintain his right to the kingdom at all hazards and against all rivals. "John knew that France was in a sad condition, but he was a foolish, extravagant fellow, and imagined that if he would just make a journey through his country and let the poor people gaze upon his royal face, it would help things amazingly. So out he started over the plague-blackened and war-distracted country to have a good time and hold tournaments, which by the way, the people must pay for." "Will you please tell us what tournaments were?" ques-tioned Harry Ray. "They were a kind of mock fight between a number of people and were once quite in vogue." "I should think KingrEdward of England had given the people as much real fighting as they needed by this time, without any make-believe fights," said Edward Barnaby. "Indeed; and even then there was real fighting enough that he could do if he liked, for Edward was still in the country; but John did not consult the people or trouble to ask them what their wishes were in the matter. Of course all this fuss did not help the people to pay their heavy taxes, nor did it put food into the mouths of the famished wretches, or wipe the blinding tears from their eyes, or put hope into their disconsolate hearts." "King John must have been a very silly sort of fel-low," said Jack Smith. "Yes; and one reason for this was, he had been fond of light reading all his life, Jack," answered Professor Carman, "and so his head was full of trashy ideas. That, you know, my boys and girls, will almost always have  the same effect. Those who indulge in reading trashy books and stories are apt to grow to be as foolish and addle-pated as King John. And certain it is that no one in this day of good books and cheap printing has any ex-cuse for reading trash of any kind. "King John was perfectly happy if he was only sur-rounded by gay ladies who flattered him and humored his foolish vanity." "I presume he thought he was as great a man as Charlemagne himself," smiled Joe Palmeter. "I dare say he did. But it seems to me that instead of John the Good, he should have been called John the Foolish." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. An Inconsistent Symbol. "MAMA, I have been reading the 13th of Revelation to day, and I am anxious to know what government the beast with the two horns represents." "You remember, Charlie, that the 13th chapter opens with a description of the beast. We have already located the beast as a symbol of the papacy, or the sytem of con-trol that includes a union of church and state, the enforc-ing of religious observances by the power of the law." "Yes, mama, I think it was made very plain up to the time that papal power was broken in 1798 by the captiv-ity and death of the pope and the overthrow of his tem-poral power." "That brought us to the 10th verse. You may read that verse, Charlie." " 'He that leadeth into captivity, shall go into cap-tivity; he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword.' "We have already recalled his captivity, and the time of his overthrow." "At that time what does the prophet behold?" " 'And I beheld another beast coming up.' "You may pause there, Charlie, and in 1798, take a bird's eye view of the world. Under the symbol of the beast with ten horns, we have the old world established. No new government is springing up into power. The do-minions under the ten kingdoms took in the world with one exception. Can you tell me what the one exception was?" "Yes, the United States." "When did the United States become independent?" "In 1776." "From that time until now it may be described as coming up. Its power in the world so far, has ever been in the ascendency, commercially, educationally, and reli-giously. The world has looked toward the United States, and all nations have been influenced by her policy." "You may read on, Charlie. Where does this Govern-ment seem to spring from?" "Out of the earth," read Charlie. "Where did the beast come from?" 