552 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Forcible as are these quotations they only par-tially show the conflict that Christianity had to fight with paganism in the early days. Philosophy and Superstition Alike Intolerant. Those who were educated among the pagans were thorough skeptics. They had come to disbelieve, not only in the wonders and myths in their own re-ligion, but also in the supernatural in all religion. The cardinal doctrines of Christianity were to them utterly past believing for reasoning men. Agnosti-cism has to-day few, if any, arguments that were not familiar at that time; and all these, Christianity had to meet. To those ancient unbelievers religion was merely a state necessity to enable them to control, through their superstitions, the ignorant masses. To its outward observances, as such a necessity, they themselves solemnly and punctilliously submitted,-and they determined that the Christian should do the same. Not being troubled by any conscience of their own 'on such points, they were utterly unable to comprehend the conscience of the, Christian. His refusal to offer incense to the gods was. to them sheer obstinacy, deserving of rigorous punishment by the laws lest it lead to rebellion in others. Thus the philosophical, who tolerated all other religions, persecuted the Christians. _ The effort of all Christ's followers to show that the-gods of heathenism were no gods, if it was-not impiety to them, " it was trea-son against the majesty of Rome." On the other hand, the religion of Rome, appeal-ing as ail paganism did to the sensuous nature and baser passions of man, had a strong hold of the mul-titude. From infancy the masses' had believed un-questioningly in its w,  myths, and as a result they were very superstitious. To them the Christians were atheists, because they everywhere denied the gods of Rome, and also because they had no visible shrines or temples. Every famine or pestilence or defeat in battle was almost sure to give rise to the terrible mob-cry of paganism, "The Christians to the lions." It-was natural that this 'shOtykl be, for the superstitious multitude could but think that in all these evils the gods were avenging _themselves upon Rome for permitting the Christians-  to live. In those troublous times the emperors, even, were often driven from the throne by the soldiers and populace, and, since the rulers therefore held their position by the pleasbre of the multitude, they dare not deny to the multitude the- gratification of their  superstitious rage. Thus the conscientious Chris-tian brought down upon himself ,the persecuting wrath both of the superstitious and the philosophical. The Enmity of Tradesmen, Magicians, and Emperors. But this was not all. There were multitudes of tradesmen who earned their livelihood by building and deco-rating the almost innumerable temples and shrines and idols. Gibbon says these included by far the greater portion of the community who were employed in the exercise of liberal or, mechanical professions. These were- organized into trades-unions, and were swayed- by self-interest as well as by superstition; like the makers of silver shrines for Diana, they were all actuated by uncompromising hatred for the Christians. Then, too, the jugglers and magicians felt their sham wonders outdone by the miracles of the apostles and of the early Chris-tians, and -so hated them accordingly. The very spirit of freedom and of liberty in early Christianity was uncompromisingly, though silently, opposed to imperialism. The Christian church, while taking no part in the politics of Rome, was a republic within the empireŠa republic having its own laws, its own courts, and its own traditions of Łhuman rights. This republic needed only to expand far enough, and the empire of Rome was no more. These facts the philosophical emperors Marcus Aurelius and Decius Trajan clearly saw; and so, almost against their wills, they became persecutors of the Christians. Even the unselfish, love. which bound the early Christians so closely together could not- be under-stood by the pagans; so it was everywhere reported that the Christians were held in such close unity by the 'fear of -punishment for the horrible crimes they had committed in secret. The Mighty Conflict of Christianity. Thus all classes were against the ChristiansŠall classes, from the emperor on the throne to the low-est mountebank whose loud voice was heard in the street. The laws, too, and traditions of Rome were against them, and on the side of the multitude, mak-ing-  it easy' fOr superstition and self-interest to drag the. Christian before the tribunal and have him ban-ished, burned or " butchered to make a Roman holi-day." Who-  can not see that Christianity had a mighty conflict to fight in those days? And all know-  that she fought it grandly and victoriously in 'the power of the divine Christ, her Lord and Mas-ter, and without the aid of any earthly state. While 