Eque.1 and &xactJubtice to all Men, of Whatever kitate or cerEuasion, religious or Volitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 22, 1892. NUMBER 37. The American Sentinel, PIMA/MED WEEKLY, BY TEE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEw YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Natter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL iS in the sev-enth year of its publication. From the first number that was ever issued, it has been telling the people that in this Gov-ernment, though forbidden by the Con-stitution, there would be established a national religion; and that there would be national Sunday legislation at the de-mand of the churches. Š0Š ALL of this is now done by the United States Supreme Court decision of Febru-ary 29, 1892, declaring this to be a Chris-tian Nation,* and by Congress, in the act closing the World's Fair on Sunday. In these two governmental actions there lies wrapped up, and only awaiting swift development, all that THE SENTINEL has been telling about, and warning against, these seven years. In thus establishing Christianity as the national religion, the United States is doing just what was done in the Roman Empire in the fourth cen-tury; and the result will be the same now that it was then, namely, persecution for conscience' sake. -0- IN the beginning of the fourth century there was in the Roman Empire, even as there is now in the United States, a pow-erful ecclesiastical organization, the lead-ers and managers of which were " only anxious to assert the government as a kind of sovereignty for themselves."ŠEusebius' Ecclesiastical History, book 8, chap: 1. While " it was the hope of every bishop in the empire to make politics a branch of theology," " it was the aim of * The principal part of this decision will be found on an-other page of this paper, Constantine to make theology a branch of politics." In an intrigue therefore with Constantine, they succeeded in bartering to him their influence and power in theol-ogy for his in politics. Š0Š As one of the very first fruits of this intrigue, Constantine was established in the rulership of one half of the Roman Empire. Jointly with Licinius, he then issued the Edict of Milan, reversing the persecuting edicts of Diocletian, and grant-ing "liberty and full freedom to the Christians to observe their own mode of worship ;" granting "likewise to the Christians and to all, the free choice to follow that mode of worship which they may wish ;" " that each may have the privilege to select and to worship whatso-ever divinity he pleases;" and command-ing that the churches and the church property which had been confiscated by Diocletian, should be restored to "the whole body of Christians," " and to each conventicle respectively."ŠId., book 10, chap. 5. Š0Š THIS was all just and proper enough, and innocent enough, in itself and on its face, if that had been all there was to it. But behind it there lay the ecclesiastical organization, ambitious to assert the gov-ernment as a kind of sovereignty for it-self, and that religio-political intrigue which had been entered into to feed and satisfy this ambition. This ecclesiastical organization likewise claimed to be the legitimate and only true representative and depository of Christianity in the worldŠit was the Catholic Church. And no sooner had the Edict of Milan ordered the restoration of property to the Chris-tians, than it was seized upon and made an issue by which to secure the imperial recognition and the legal establishment of the Catholic Church. Š0--- THE rule had long before been estab-lished that all who did not agree with the bishops of the Catholic Church were nec-essarily heretics, and not Christians at all;  it was now claimed by the Catholic Church that therefore none such were en-titled to any benefit from the edict restor-ing property to the Christians. In other words, the Catholic Church disputed the right of any others than Catholics to re-ceive property or money under the Edict of Milan, by disputing their right to the title of Christians. And by this issue the Catholic Church forced an imperial de-cision as to who were Christians. Un-der the circumstances, it was a foregone conclusion that this decision would be in favor of the Catholic Church; and ac-cordingly, Constantine's edict to the pro-consul contained these words :Š It is our will that when thou shalt receive this epistle, if any of those things belonging to the Catholic Church of the Christians in the several cities or other places, are now possessed either by the decurions or any others, these thou shalt cause immediately to be restored to their churches. -0- BUT this did not settle the controversy. Immediately there were two parties claim-ing to be the Catholic Church. There-fore the emperor was obliged next to decide which was the Catholic Church. Later Constantine addressed a letter to Cmcilianus, bestowing more favors upon what he now called "the legitimate and most holy Catholic religion." No sooner was it decided what was "the legitimate and most holy Catholic Church," than the civil power was definitely placed at the disposal of this church, with positive in-structions to use this power in compelling conformity to the new imperial religion. And persecution was begun at once. Š0Š NOR was this long in coming. It all occurred in less than four years. The Edict of Milan was issued in the month of March, A. D. 313. Before that month expired, the decision was rendered that the imperial favors were for the Catholic Church only. In the autumn of the same year, 313, the first council sat to decide which was the Catholic Church. In the summer of 314 sat the second council on the same question. And in 316 the de- 