Arm, 13, 1893. A.,-Mlke Eflt CAN- -.E.,1\71PINIEIL4., 115 tion rests upon the State, then every man ought to be left free to spend the day as he sees fit. There is absolutely no reason why it should be, so far as the law is con-cerned, different from other days. The only reason that it is different is that it is by many regarded as a religious day ; but that is a reason with which the State ought to have nothing to do. The people ought to be left just as free in the mat-ter of Sunday observance as in all other religious practices. C. P. D. The Church and the World. [The following reprint is from the New Zealand Herald, Auckland, New Zealand. This article is very interesting as showing a movement towards Church union and religious centralization, in ad-vance of the great effort which is to be made for that end in the international religious council at the World's Fair.] UNDER the above heading your corres-pondent of the 11th instant commends the organization of the Council of Churches in Victoria, and in high praise recom-mends a similar organization for New Zealand, and inquires " which of the Protestant churches in Auckland will be first to take the lead ?" To all of which we wish to offer our solemn protest, and call the attention of your readers to a few of the dangers of such an organization, and to the fact that the first Protestant church that moves forward in this direc-tion will be the first to step down from the exalted platform of Protestantism, " the Bible, and the Bible alone, and the entire freedom of the individual con-science to receive or reject its teaching," to the position of the papist, " the minis-try and the ecclesiastical council," In the Victorian Council each church is to be represented in proportion to its num-bers, and the primary object of the coun-cil, it is stated, is " to review the various political measures as they are brought forward and judge them by a moral stand-ard. ,If they decided that any proposed measure is morally right, the churches will support it; if not, they will oppose it with all their united strength." In other words, we have the spectacle of ministers of Jesus. Christ, commissioned only to preach the word of God to the people, forming themselves into a political caucus, and instituting a religious boycott against any party or measure not in harmony with the mind of the council. Is this a proper use for the ministry to make of the influence given them by their call to the gospel ministry ? Is an ecclesiastical union any better than a secular union ? Is an ecclesiastical boycott any holier than any other boycott ? For shame ! Have the ministry forgotten the statement of Christ, that his "kingdom is not of this world; " and that, " ye know that they which are accounted to rule over the Gentiles exercise lordship over them, and their great ones exercise authority upon them; but so shall it not be among you " ? And so it is not among the ministers of Jesus Christ when they are attending to their ministry. Persuading men, preaching the Word faithfully, accompanied by the power of the Holy Spirit,Šthese are the agencies, and the only agencies for good, put into the hands of the ministry of God. But in all ages, as the ministry have neglected these, have they sought for civil power, and obtained and used it, not for holy ends, but to most unholy. Men who might once have been able to have given sound counsel upon moral questions, because of  their relations to God, become hard, ex-acting, tyrannical agents of Satan to en-force by civil power the dogmas of their councils, and to anathematize every hon-est dissenter. These councils will not stop with boy-cotting political movements not to their minds, which is a sufficient evil; they will legislate upon religious matters, and demand the enforcement of religious in-stitutions by civil power, and require that offenders be properly punished; and so the Inquisition is the legitimate child of such councils, and the men who preach that "vengeance and recompense belong to God," take it upon themselves to act for God, and become very zealous for his honor in things not delegated to them. The worst, the most cruel and wicked machine this world has ever seen, is an ecclesiastical council wielding power over the civil State. The Church and the State should be kept forever separate. Both have legitimate ends, and only attain them when separate. Both are degraded by a union. The State is ordained of God in matters civil, and is to be implicitly obeyed by all citizens,ŠChristian or oth-erwiseŠin all matters relating to civility, the relations of man to man. But in things moral or religious it has no domin-ion whatever. The statement of Christ, "Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's," clearly separates them. The things of God are not to be rendered to CaesarŠthe State, nor to God through Caesar, but directly to God. The Bible abounds in clear distinctions of these two powers. Daniel and his fellows were definitely required by God to submit to the power of Babylon in all matters civil. Jer. 27. But the same God sustained by mighty miracles the refusal of these same persons to submit to religious require-ments enforced by civil law. See Dan. 3 and 6. In the words of your correspondent, slightly changed, we say : " It is difficult to foresee the enormous influence for evil that this council will exercise both on the Church and on the world." Gibbon, the able historian of the decline and fall of the Roman Empire, has re-corded for the profit of this generation the workings of ecclesiastical councils in the earlier centuries, that we would do well just now to review. G. B. STARR. Church and State in Hungary. THE contest between Church and State continues to rage in Hungary, and open war has been declared between the bishops and the government. Hitherto the Hun-garian clergy have been fervent patriots, but their Magyarism has of late been set aside in favor of Vaticanism, and they are beginning to take their pq,litics as well as religious commands from their ecclesiasti-cal superiors. It is absolutely necessary that some order should be brought into the confusion of the marriage laws of Hun-gary, and the influences opposing reform will doubtless be overcome, notwithstand-ing that the clericals number among their supporters the leading magnates of the land. The Hungarian Government has a well disciplined majority in the lower house of the Reichstag, and this majority is determined that the existing trammels shall be swept aside, and that marriage shall be recognized as a civil contract, leaving every one free to follow his or her inclinations as to a religious ceremony. The policy of reform is greatly strength-ened by the expressed adherence of Louis Kossuth, the veteran Hungarian patriot, who, in receiving a deputation of his fel-low countrymen a few days ago, declared that the ecclesiastical programme of the Hungarian Government was the key to Hungary's future, and that this pro-gramme ought to be supported uncondi-tionally by all lovers of the country. These words from the venerable leader in the struggle for Hungarian independence, now in his 91st year, will be received like an inspiration by the large majority of his countrymen, and will fortify their resolution to carry to success the pro-gramme which Kossuth so cordially ap-proves. In the end, no doubt, the clergy will accommodate themselves to the de-sires of the nation, and cease their futile opposition to the dictates of modern en-lightenment.ŠNew York Press. Maintaining Orthodoxy. IN an old volume of " Dialogues," pub-lished in London about a century ago, the Rev. John Macgowan sets out in the quaint style of the period the inconsist-ency of mingling civil and religious things. The author, who died in 1780, was minister of a London dissenting church. Of the difference between truth and orthodoxy, he writes as follows :Š I readily grant, and none can honestly deny it, that the Scripture is the standard of truth; but truth and orthodoxy are two things very different, and sometimes diametrically opposite to one an-other. Bible doctrine is the same in all ages and nations, but orthodoxy in one nation differs, at least, as much from orthodoxy in another nation, as the several climates do from one another. To go no farther than Britain, you see what is south of the Tweed accounted the purest religion in the world, is, upon traveling farther towards the pole, deemed corrupt, superstitious, and antichristian So it is vice versa. Moreover, what has been or-thodox and apostolic in one age, has had the misfortune to become quite heterodox and damna-ble in the next; so that there is no certain standard of orthodoxy in any nation, but truth is always the same and knows no standard but one. Again, in answer to the question, " Has any sect besides the papists been found to persecute those who differed from them ? " he says :Š Yes, every sect who has, at any time, been happy enough to grasp the reins of government for the time being. The worthy papists bore the bell of orthodoxy for the space of twelve hundred and sixty years, during which time much blood was shed by open massacres, secret assassinations, pre-tended judiciaries, acts of bloody faith; and at last to finish the bloody reign of antichrist, England, France, the Netherlands, and the valleys of Pied-mont swam with the gore of such who would believe the Bible sooner than the voice of the priests. Queen Mary's reign furnished the ortho-dox in her day, with a fine opportunity of dis-covering their zeal for the church, by murdering those who believed and obeyed the Bible ; but her reign being short, and Elizabeth ascending the throne upon her demise, the other scale rose upper-most, and the Protestants, in their turn, became orthodox, i. e. got the government into their hands. 0, the violence of reputed orthodoxy Those same gentlemen were no sooner emerged from prison than they also let the world know that they were not to be differed from with impunity; that the formula of their faith and worship must be regarded with as implicit obedience as that in the former reign imposed by the papists. Now the Presbyterians, Independents, and other Congrega-tionalists felt the weight of their rage, or, if you please, zeal for orthodoxy and the good of the Church. Now the prison-keepers and their friend, Master Ketch, had pretty near as good a run of trade as in the reign of Mary. And now the wilds of America began to be well peopled with English Protestants who oppressed dissenters; and the good Episcopalians at home, kept the fleece to them-selves and had all the good of the Church before them. But those said Presbyterians and Independ-( nts had no sooner crossed the ocean for con-science' sake, and found themselves secure from 