AMERICAN SENTINEL. 325 as any other kind. There is no denomination in base-ball." It would certainly be hard to give an explanation that would satisfy an average community to the con-trary. That legislators should feel bound to make such a discrimination, in order to escape restricting freedom of conscience, shows that something must be wrong with the Sunday law itself. It is so manifestly unjust to pro-hibit those who conscientiously observe another day from doing work on Sunday that almost every State in the Union exempts them from the penalties for such work; and on the other hand it is manifestly absurd to say that there is any difference between plowing, carpentering, or baseball playing on Sunday by persons of one denomina-tion, and the same by individuals of any other denom-ination. There is nothing denominational about work or recreation. Hence we are driven by both reason and justice back to the starting point of all Sunday legislation, and find that we become involved in wrong the moment such leg-islation is undertaken. Who Should Run the Government. THE country ought to be governed by the best men in it, and the best men are to be found in the Christian Church. Therefore, for the good of the Government and the people under it, the civil offices should be filled by Christians. So reason our friends, the Christian Endeav-orers, and they have undertaken, no doubt in all honesty and sincerity, to put the theory into practice. Or, what is a slightly different theory, but amounts to the same thing in the end, they believe that they them-selves are best fitted to run the Government, by control-ling the elections to public office, because they are Chris-tians. This reasoning is fallicious. The best men in the country are certainly Christians, but Christianity does not claim to qualify any person for public'office. Chris-tianity is designed to save people from their sins; and because a man is very pious and very good, it does not follow at all that he is better fitted than other people to hold office or to nominate men for office. Christianity acquaints men with the governments of God; but the government of God and all human govern-ments are totally dissimilar. The one is a government of love; the others are governments of force. The one brings to view the power of God unto salvation from sin; the others bring to view the power of man for the regula-tion of outward acts. The one, is based upon a spiritual, divine law; the others upon the laws of man. The pur-pose of one is to maintain a perfect individual character; that of the others is to establish a prosperous State. The very fact that a person is led to espouse the principles of the government of God, must have a ten-dency to unfit him for service in a government of a totally different character. The governments of earth  know nothing of love; the theory is that the offender, if caught, must be' punished. If he escapes it is not from any governmental recognition of the principle of pardon upon confession and repentance. No earthly government can recognize such a principle. 'It could not proceed a day if it should do so. That country will be most prosperous in which there is the least need of government; and there will be the least need of government where the people are best fitted to govern themselves, as individuals, in harmony with the principle of respect for the rights of their neighbors. Christianity enables a person to do this; and the more real Christians there are in a community, the less need will there be there for the services' of the sheriff, the fewer jails and poor houses will be needed, the less taxation will be required, and the less occasion will there be for enacting laws for their benefit. In this way, and this only, is Christianity a help to good government. The qualifications for being a Christian are totally different from those required for statesmanship. Any person can be a Christian, because every person has the power and wisdom of God Pledged to make him one, through faith in Christ. But not every person can be a statesman. Not every person can successfully fill a pub-lic office. Nor has God pledged his power or wisdom to qualify any person in this respect. The qualifications for eminence in public life are in the individual at his nat-ural birth. The "new birth" has nothing to do with them. And when a religious organization, such as that of the Christian Endeavorers, sets out to control the Gov-ernment for any purpose, it is inevitable that their views will have a religious coloring, and their actions be influ-enced by a religious bias. Their very nature being reli-gious, and the object of their existence being the further-ance of religion, it can but follow that their exercise of civil power in their organized capacity will be guided by religious reasons. Their endeavors will be as distinc-tively "Christian" in the matter of running the Govern-ment, as in anything else. As we have often said, the principle of the total sep-aration 'of religion and the State is a Christian principle; but the endeavor to keep religion and the State separate is not Christian endeavor in the view of the Endeavorers. Their aim is in quite another direction. The result will be that when the control of elections falls into their hands, men will be nominated and chosen to office on account of their religion, and religion will be connected with their administration of office. Thus reli-gion will work its way into the Government, and with it will go the church; for where religion is there is also some church or church combination. Thus religion in the Government means the Church in the Government, which means a union of Church and State, which means an image of the papacy. The religious people of this day who want to control the Government need not fancy that they alone of all re-ligious people who in former times have grasped the civil 