frrmr AMERICAN srNTINTrr.,. 123 never thought of denying that. By this it has gained its power and influence. And upon this in strictness of truth we are compelled to make a statement that cannot be successfully denied, that is, that the influence which the National Union has gained by all these different lines of work, is used only for a political purpose. Instead of that influence being used to glorify Jesus Christ in a Christian way, it is used to glorify the Union and especially its leadership in a worldly, ambitious, and political way. We believe that the evidence here given is sufficient to convince fair-minded peo-ple that our statement that the Woman's Christian Temperance Union is political, was not wicked, nor malicious, nor slan-derous. We merely stated what the rec-ords of the Union state ; we only said what they say. Yet we are somewhat in doubt whether it will convince the writer of this Jotter or perhaps other members of the, Union; because their ideas of what is political are different from those which are commonly supposed to be conveyed by that word. It seems as though every thing that they do is counted religious. That which. to others is political, to them religious. For instance, Mrs. Gougar was once making a regular campaign Prohibition speech. In the speech she personally called the name of a certain person. That person demanded to be heard in reply. He was prosecuted for disturbing a religious meeting. When such things as this are held to be relig-ious, then it is hard to convince those who so hold, that anything is political. But even this refuge cannot protect them from the force of truth, because such a " relig-ion " as that is political, and that only: Net only this, but wherever and when-ever religion is connected with politics, that religion is political. Any religion which claims or uses political influence or political power, is political, and that only. All this is spoken of the National Wo-man's Christian. Temperance Union as a body. We believe that there are con-nected with that body many individual humble Christian women, who do their Christian work in a Christian way, are content with that, and are grieved with the ways of the leadership and the body of the Union, who so persistently continue their political course. We know a num-ber of such women who have separated themselves from the Union for this very reason. We have not said any of these things out of enmity to the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and no fair-minded reader of the SENTINEL can justly accuse us of being- a friend of the saloon. We have said these things simply in criticism of the :political course of the Union. Let the Woman's Christian Temperance Union honestly be what its name demands that it shall be, that is, Christian. Let it work for Christian temperaneet  in a Chris- tian way. The influence which it may gain by such -Christian conduct let it use for the glory of Jesus Christ, and the honor of the Christian name. Let it do this and it will find no better friend in this world than the AMERICAN SENTINEL : but so long as it calls itself political and acts accordingly ; so long as it seeks by alliance with the National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, and other re-ligio-political organizations, in the effort to secure control of the civil power to en-force religious observances ; so long as it works for Sunday laws ; so long as it en-dorses, and calls for the adoption of, a re-ligious amendment to the Constitution of the United States; so long as it holds that Jesus Christ shall be "this world's king ; " so long as it holds the kingdom of Christ to be political and attempts to establish it by political means; just so long, and in all these things, will the AMERICAN SENTINEL criticise its methods, and oppose its work- ings, and denounce its aims A. T. J. The Washington National Reform Con- vention. APRIL 1 to 3, there was held in Lincoln Music Hall, in Washington City, a ses-sion of the National Reform Associa-tion, and in connection with it a " Na-tional Conference on the Christian Princi-ples of Civil Government." This meeting was called for the purpose of creating a sentiment in Washington which it was hoped might influence legislation in the direction of so-called National Reform. The plans laid for the Convention were broad, and neither labor nor money was spared to make it a success. Fifteen thousand personal invitations to attend the meeting were issued, seven thousand being to residents of the city; and an appeal was published in the Christian Statesman asking the various churches, Sunday schools, and Christian Endeavor Societies throughout the country to send delegates, and a large attendance was expected. But much to the chagrin of the managers their expectations were not realized. Few delegates came, and the attendance throughout was small, the largest evening audience falling below four hundred, while the number at the forenoon and afternoon meetings was generally as low as forty; and never, I feel sure, reached one hundred. At the first meeting nearly four hundred seats were reserved for delegates, and ushers were in attendance to see that they were not occupied by mere visitors. But there was no danger of this, for not to exceed forty persons were present, includ-ing four reporters and the officers of the Association. The result was that after waiting thirty minutes for the expected delegates the chairman invited all present to occupy the front seats. It was much the same the first evening. Visitors were again told that the same seats were rer  served for delegates, but as the entire audience would have filled but little more than half the reserved seats, the effort to seat four hundred imaginary delegates was abandoned, and nothing more was said about any seats being reserved. The disappointment of the managers at the meager attendance was plainly mani-fest, and in making an appeal for money to aid in paying the rent of the large hall secured, Dr. McAllister took occasion to explain that it is exceedingly difficult to get people out to such meetings in Wash-ington, and that in Pittsburgh and Phila-delphia they had no difficulty in filling large halls with interested audiences. In private conversation Rev. M. A. Gault told .the writer that the meeting had not been properly advertised, and when re-minded that seven thousand invitations had been issued in the city alone, he said, " Yes, but the ministers did not announce it from their pulpits." It is true that the ministers of the city took no part in the convention; and so far as I was able to learn only one of them was present, and he at only one meeting. The usual line of argument was fol-lowed in the various papers read, and in the speeches made. The National Re-formers have, however, learned wisdom from experience, and in this meeting they carefully avoided utterances which could be easily turned against them. Nothing was said about the effect the proposed amendment would have upon those who should refuse to recognize Christ as king, or bow to the National Reform interpre-tation of the law of God. No hint of banishment or disfranchisement for any class was given, as in past meetings, and moderation, quiet assurance, and dignity ruled throughout. As before stated tnere was a " National Conference on the Christian Principles of Civil Government " held in connection with the session of the National Reform Association. This it seemed was for the two-fold object of calling in many who have not hitherto been identified with the Association, and of avoiding responsibility for the utterances of those who had been invited to deliver addresses. Indeed it was publicly stated that the Association would hold itself responsible only for such utterances as it saw fit to indorse by resolutions. But this separation of the Association and the Convention was a distinction without much difference. The same men managed both, and while there was a technical distinction there was prac-tically no difference. By far the most able addresses delivered were those of Rev. David McAllister, D.D., LL.D., and Mrs. Mary T. Lathrap, president of the Michigan Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. Dr. McAllister's subject was, "The Secular Theory of the State." His argument was fallacious, as all such arguments must of necessity be, but was well calculated to deceive those who 