598 THE SENTINEL OP LIBERTY. spread return to Scriptural exposition, to the un-folding of the contents of the Bible, to dealing with the deepest questions of the soul," there should, fol-low a rapid decrease in the ranks of that generation of young men o.r any other people which purposes making politics a department of Christianity. Sen-sationalism is by no means as grave a danger as is such a purpose with such a backing. But ,it is doubtful if this interest in the Scriptures will be deep and lasting, for there is every reason to believe that the generation of young people which purposes to make politics a department of their Christianity is constantly increasing. The truth nevertheless remains that Christianity and politics are everlastingly, distinct and separate. They work in different spheres by different agen-cies for the accomplishment of different ends. A politician will, if he has an opportunity, make what is called 'Christianit3i a department of politics, but a Christian should never desire to make politics a de-department of Christianity. A politician should become a Christian, bUt a Christian should never, never become a_ politiCian. JOHN D. Bli.AaLEir. THE SUNDAY LAW AND THE JEWS IN BOSTON. THE Sunday-closing crusade in Boston, con-sidered with reference to its effect upon the Jews,,  is thus described by the American Israelite (Cincin-. nati) : " The statement made in these columns last week that the Massachusetts law made no, provision for the exemption from the .operation of the Sunday laws of conscientious observers of the seventh-day Sabbath, was erroneous. The law reads; "' Whosoever conscientiously believes "that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed aS the Sabbath and actually refrains from secular business and labor on that day, shall not be liable to the penalties of the section for performing secular business and labor on the Lord_ 'S day, if he disturbs no other person.' " Under this statute law the Jewish stores have been allowed t-) keep open on Sunday. But the police have discovered many cases where the store-keepers didn't observe Saturday and sought to keep Open Sunday also. In these cases the offenders have been brought into court when it was known they did business both on Saturday and Sunday; and fined as Ł violators of the Sunday law. It has been constantly charged by the-Gentile storekeepers that the Jewish  proprietors used the law as a subterfuge, closing from Friday at sunset to Saturday at,sunset, the ex-tent of the Jewish Sabbath, and then opening Satur-day evening, thus obtaining the cream of the trade. " The courts, however, have never convicted the Jewish storekeepers where it was shown that they conscientiously kept their places closed from sun-set Friday to sunset ,Saturday. " But the board of police haVe been diligently —studying the statute with the idea of -enforcing it against the Jews, notwithstanding the clause which seems especially to exempt them. -They have de-cided to place the burden of proof upon the store--.keepers themselves, and make them prove not only, that they Łobserved the Jewish Sabbath, hilt that they conscientiously believe that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath.' Police officers sayit Will be intereStingto note the method by whith-the proof is submitted. " The rule which, has gone-  forth involVes some 1,509 storekeepers : in the South, End— West End, North End,andŁRoxbury-. Besides the Jewish store-keepers it applies to the fruit dealers, shoeblacks, andŁ all those who sell .goods not especially ex-empted by statute law. Baker shops are 'permitted to do businesS during certain hours, and so are news,. paper stores. Drug, stores also are exempted and are also, permitted to- sell cigars, while. cigar stores, are interdicted from doing busines. Stable-keepers may let horses and carriages, and boats and yachts may be hired on Sunday or any.  other day of the week. . Ł: "The Jewish dealers,it_wasstated atpolice head- quarters, were 'willing that, a_ test case should be Made. is, therefore, the intention of the police to summon all storekeepers who do business on-Sun-day to appear in court i.Monday [September to]; Then a case will be selected to be: carried to the Supreme Court for adjudication."  Notice the fact that- the---authorities have placed the burden pf proof Upon the exempted storekeeper,— and require him to_ 'shOw not only that he observes the seventh day, but 'that he conscientiously be7. lieVes that day ought to be observed as the Sabbath. Th.at,is the way Baptists were treated under laws exempting them frOm contributing to the.slipport of_ ,the -State :church.: They we're required to furnish,,. proof that they:had been immersed,, etc. Thus-the Sunday law leads the'Club-wielding official of civil government into' the inner sanCtuary'of-Conscien:ce, -And this 'is.due to:" exemption-" In such cases it will b " interesting," .no doubt, " to note the method by which the, proof is submitted:". As. recently pointedOut in -these columns, more- 