16 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 5, 1899. WE are not going to boast to our readers about what the SENTINEL is going to print that will interest them during 1899. All we say now is, Watch and see. THE Government has dispossessed Spain from the Philippines, but the islands are still held by the pope, through his priests. And the pope does not intend to be dispossessed. BABYLON, Medo-Persia, Grecia, and Rome, all - present examples of na-tional expansion. But their expan-sion abroad only made them weak at home, and brought them to their final overthroW. IT is decided that the standing army of the United States shall be increased from 25,000 to 100,000 men. For a Christian nation, this increase in its fighting department appears to be quite adequate. Do YOH think there is no cause for the stir some people are making in defense of religious liberty in .the United States? Read the AMERICAN SENTINEL for 1899, and then see if your views on this point have not been materially changed. A PRESS dispatch dated at Wash-ington, December 25, says that it is "the President's desire to see Arch-bishop Chappelle appointed papal delegate to the island of Cuba. The President was anxious to have the interests of the Catholic Church in Cuba looked after on behalf of the pope by a cleric who would under-stand American motives and institu-tions." The President's wish in this matter was communicated to the pope through Archbishop Ireland, and the pope, it is asserted, has ac- ceded to the request. The pope has no official directly accredited to this Government, but this fact seems not to hinder him greatly in conducting negotiations with it. AN Italian writer who has been making an estimate of what a gene-ral European war would cost to-day, fixes the amount at $8,735,600,000 per year. Even at peace, Europe to-day pays over one billions dollars yearly for the maintenance of her ar-mies and navies. CARDINAL GIBBONS, in behalf of the papacy, has petitioned Congress, says a Washington dispatch, asking that the question of the contract school system be reopened, and that "Con-gress again go over the whole subject of Indian education." To be plain, he simply asks that Congress resume the policy of appropriating public money to support Catholic Indian schools. IN Philadelphia recently twelve barbers were arrested and fined for doing business on Sunday, the fine in each case being $4. They were convicted under the old Sunday law of Pennsylvania, which, as the court was reminded by the attorney for the defense, prohibited paid choirs in churches; street railway service on Sundays, etc. The agitation for Sun-day enforcement is daily becoming more general, and no "law" is too obsolete or too contrary to modern enlightenment and progress to be overlooked as an instrument for fur-thering the cause. As A result of a war which has been waged against Sunday barbering in Fort Scott, Kans., says the Louis-ville Evening Post, one of the city aldermen has proposed in the city council for enactment the following ordinance:Š "It shall beunlawful for any person within this city to work, act; or be engaged on the first day of th&week, commonly called Sunday, as: aŠbar-ber, manager of baths, employe in a  railway shop, butcher, preacher re-ceiving compensation for his services, baker, saloon man, motorman on a street car, confectioner, news dealer, bootblack, hack or carriage driver for pay, electrician, printer or news-paper editor, proofreader, reporter, or a domestic servant." It is hardly likely that this pro-posed ordinance will receive the sup-port of the Fort Scott clergy. Do YOU believe in religious liberty? Do you believe in religious liberty for others as well as for yourself? Do you prize such liberty enough to make any effort to help preserve it? Do you prize it enough so that it is a matter of interest . to you to keep track of the efforts being made in this land for its overthrow? If you can answer these questions in the affirm-ative, what reason can you give for not being a reader of the AMERICAN SENTINEL during 1899? To THE editor of an Italian politi-cal journal, Philippe Tonelli, who acts also as correspondent for a New York paper, the pope, in a recent in-terview, expressed his hope of seeing America "enter entire into the bosom of the Catholic Church," and added, "It is marching into it with rapid strides." Think of that, friends of American liberty! And the pope did not make that statement at random. He had reliable data to back it up; that is certain. ON another page we print a brief summary of events showing the de-velopment of religious intolerance in this country during the last few years. The facts given are such as should be known and kept in mind by every American citizen. They re-mind us that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." IN this issue we give the first part of an argument on the unconstitu-tional character of Sunday laws, made recently by Judge Arthur, late of the Supreme Court of Washington. It ought to be read and pondered by every judge, lawyer, and legislator in the United States. 