AMERICAN SENTINEL. 329 ject adds that "It is simply a too open violation of the sacredness of the day which he wishes to stop." "The sacredness of the day"Šthat is the idea which is at the bottom of the whole crusade; and that idea is a pure assumption. But supposing Sunday sacredness to be a fact and not an assumption, who knows what would constitute a violation of its sacredness and what would not? Why must the mayor's ideas on this point be taken in preference to those of any other intelligent resident of the city? Why should a civil magistrate con-stitute himself an authority in matters of religion? And in rendering obedience in this matter to the mayor's decree, from a fear of the mayor's power, what else will the people be doing but keeping a day "sacred" to the mayor and the other individuals joined with him in this crusade? Where a human authority fixes the standard of "sacredness," and inspires the actuating motive which brings the people to it, what other than this human authority is honored in the proceeding? Can-didly, is not this a correct statement of the facts? Sunday Law in Columbus, Ohio. IN Columbus, Ohio, the Retail Grocers' Association has undertaken to enforce Sunday closing of grocery stores, so that its members who want to be religious can do so without losing anything. In connection with this movement an extraordinary ruling has been delivered by police judge Earnhardt, which ought to satisfy the most ardent advocate of Sunday enforcement. The judge declares that in the future persons arrested on Sunday for violation of the Sunday law or any other statute, must remain in jail until they are brought before a magistrate the following morning. His own words on the point are as follows:Š "Hereafter it is ordered as a rule of practice of this court, and the court has such power, that in all cases where a person is arrested for the violation upon the Sabbath day he be detained in the city prison until an affidavit can be filed, and if one is filed the accused shall remain in prison until the arraignment the following morning. "In all cases of arrest upon other days than the Sab-bath after the affidavit is filed the clerk is authorized and required to accept a bond to his satisfaction as to surety . . . for the appearance of the accused in the police court at 8:30 o'clock a. m. the day following. "This rule not including the Sabbath, may appear severe, and in some instances may work hardship, but it is a constitutional rule as broad as the wisdom of our fathers, and if a person seeks upon the Sabbath day to overthrow the law, the court takes the side of law and order." And accordingly, any person who is arrested on Sun-day in that city will be obliged under any circumstances to stay there until the following morning. No matter whether guilty or innocent, or how trivial the offense  alleged against him he has no redress, because "it's Sunday." In order that ,certain religious people may rest on Sunday at their homes, others must rest on that day in jail. In order that-deference may be shown to a relig-ious day, individual rights must be disregarded. All this is characteristic of Sunday; but true Sab-bath keeping never involves injustice to any person. As a final reason for his ruling the judge said:Š "If this was a prosecution by some outside body of men or persons, the court would look upon it with dis-favor and impracticable, but as it is sought by the lead-ing and by reputable gentlemen in the business, the court believes they know best what is for the physical and moral welfare of employer and employe and will not throw any obstacles in their way. At least the court will not fix a rule requiring the clerk to attend upon Sab-baths to aid those that by the judgment of associates are working injury to the business." The Retail Grocers' Association must have been sur-prised to learn that it was accredited by the court with knowing what is for the "moral welfare" of individuals, since it is purely a business association, organized to promote the financial welfare, of its members rather than to deal with questions of morals. The "moral welfare" involved is only another term for financial welfare. The "moral welfare" of some is made to depend upon the fi-nancial welfare of others. Unless the "moral welfare" of such as might want to keep open store on Sunday is at-tended to, there will be "loss to the business." This is getting moral and financial interests strangely mixed, which confusion is characteristic of the effort to enforce a religious observance. Moral welfare and true financial welfare go together in the individual life; they cannot be separated. And the moral welfare always comes first. "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these [temporal] things shall be added unto you."ŠJesus Christ. Where the temporal interests are put firstŠwhere the "loss of business" is made the basis of measures for the "moral welfare,"Šthe divine order of things is reversed, and no good but only evil can be the result. "Bigotry and Intolerance." A MINISTER in Essex County, New York, is preaching the commandments of God to the people. One of these commandments says that the seventh day is the Sab- bath; the results of this work he communicates in a let-ter, as follows:Š "Bigotry, prejudice, and intolerance has been mani-fested here in a degree that I did not think possible in an enlightened country. The pastor of the M. E. Church, not content with condemning us as a people and our methods of work, and warning his people against com-ing to the meetings, went and took counsel of a lawyer to see if there was not some way he could have me ar- 