758 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Oriental countries. The wives have all the freedom to .come and go, and are merely required to show due respect to their husband and his family." Would not this be acceptable to theAmerican people as a basis upon which to allow polygamy in Utah? If not, why say anything in its defense? The fact that is of most significance in connection with all this, is that such efforts should be made to cast a favorable light upon institutions which in principle are altogether bad. When a thing is bad in principle, the safe and only wise course is to consider its possibili-ties for evil rather than to paint it in colors which will make it less repulsive. To this defense of the system of slavery and polyg-=amy in Sulu, it is quite fitting that the writer should join the statement that "It would be a waste of time and energy for missionaries to go among the Moros and attempt to teach Christianity. It would be the means of exciting the enmity of the priests, and in the end it would precipitate one of their bloody 'holy wars.' But _great good can beaccomplished by endeavoring to raise -their morals." From first to last in this movement to.extend the national jurisdiction over an alien people wedded to un-American institutions, nothing has been said to encour-age gospel missionary effort among that people, but much has been said to discourage it. It is a movement which does not combine with true gospel work; and that is for the simple reason that it does not harmonize -with gospel principles. 4-1 "Physician, Heal Thyself." THE following statements by Professor W. C. Wil-linson, of Chicago University, concerning the decay of Sunday as indicated by Sunday travel, were published nearly fifteen years ago, but are considered worthy of reproduction by The Defender, organ of the "Sabbath Protective League" of New England, in view of "the spread of this decay since that date." They make it very plain that the starting place of effective reform in Sunday observance must be within the church, rather than in the outside world:Š "I do not now criticise anybody for failure in Sun-day observance. I simply point out a fact. I think it is well that the fact should be faced by everybody con-cerned. And I believe that everybody is concerned. The fact is full of significance. It means nothing less than that the institution of 'Sunday' is fast going. The ' character' of the day is with us largely a mere tradi-tion. The tradition fades daily. It is pale now to a degree. "I cannot guess how serious the regret really is, .and by what proportion of average good Christians shared, at this undeniable decay of Sunday observance. I am quite inclined to think that what regret exists is mostly official, or else a matter of mere tradition and  convention. I judge so from the easy conscience with which ministers, for example, use the railroads on Sun-day to go to and fro for preaching appointments, and from the apparently unconscious proneness of any chance Christians you may meet, for example, to take the train upon occasion of a Sunday morning from the suburbs to the city for the purpose of hearing a favorite voice sound out from the pulpit the doctrine of the creedsŠpreaching, it well might happen, on the text, `Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' This freedom on the part of a flock is, of course, not to be wondered at. The shepherd himselfŠthat eloquent preacherŠwill, perhaps, preach the same sermon, on the same text, the evening of the same day, to a congrega-tion forty miles distant, reached, necessarily, at a cost to him of Sunday travel. "There is no need to accumulate instances. I seri-ously propose a question: As long as the:state of the case is what we all of us perfectly well know it to be respecting Sunday observance among Christians, is it, can it be, useful for us to talk piously against the Sun-day newspapers, Sunday excursions, Sunday:concerts, Sunday opening of places of amusement? . . . (Italics ours.) "Sunday observance must be revived among Chris-tians, or the institution is doomed. And the doom is ready even now presently to crack." "Higher Criticism" and Natural Rights. "Philadelphia Journal." THOSE who thoughtfully peruse and analyze the ed-itorials being presented nowadays in the leading papers must be impressed with the change of spirit which has come over them in a comparatively short time, even in those professing to be ultra-American and repub-lican. For over a century we have subscribed to and af-firmed each and every proposition of the Declaration of Independence and have accepted them as "self-evident truths." In short, it has been the creed of Americanism, and a test for the patriotism of each citizen. But re-cently this document, acknowledged to be the grandest ever penned by uninspired mortals, and which next to the Bible has been a light unto the nations of the earth, has become subject to a form of "higher criticism." Eminent public men and prominent newspapers sud-denly imposed upbn themselves the duty of "interpret-ing" and "explaining" its "self evident truths;" and like their contemporaries, the "higher(?) critics" of the Bible, when they have finished, what is left of either is not worth as much as the paper they are written upon. And they persist in this despite the fact that both in-terpret themselves. Shame on the patriotism of any American who finds it necessary to make apologies for the Declaration of Independence. The fundamental principle, the very corner-stone of the. Declaration of Independence, is found in the state-ment "that all men are created equal." It would be absurd for anyone to contend "that all men are created 