THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 341 It was simple in the outward form as well as in the in-ward spirit. There was none of the pomp and glory which naturally accompanies royalty. There were no titles and no thrones. The mind cannot conceive of a more simple administration of civil affairs than that which God Himself planned for His chosen people. For a number of years Israel, to a greater or less extent, followed the plans and wishes of God in the matter of their civil government ; but little by little a new wave of feeling, unknown to the older genera-tions, began to vibrate the heart chords of Jehovah's chosen host. Increase of population and intercourse with the other nations began to work changes of thought, sentiment and principle. CUSTOMS OF THE HEATHEN. These introduced themselves insidiously ; little by little, they stole the hearts of the children of Israel. The people began to adopt the customs of the heathen round about. Thus they sacrificed, to a great extent, their own peculiar, holy character, "gradually they lost their reverence for God and ceased to prize the honor of being His chosen people. Attracted by the pomp and display of heathen monarchies, they tired of their own simplicity. Jealousy and envy sprang up between the tribes. Internal dissensions made them weak; they were continually exposed to the invasion of their heathen foes and the people were beginning to believe that in order to maintain their standing among the nations, the tribes must be united in a strong central government. As they departed from obedience to God's law, they desired to be free from the rule of their Di-vine Sovereign, and thus the demand for a monarchy became widespread throughout Israel." We have now reached one of the saddest days and chapters in the history of God's people. From being a government by the consent of the governedŠa com-monwealthŠIsrael became a monarchy ; and the story of the inauguration of this new state of affairs is of the most supreme interest.to  every soul who loves and values civil freedom. It was during the days of Samuel's administration. He was divinely invested with the three-fold office of judge, prophet and priest. Under his administration the people had prospered in temporal things and god-liness had been promoted. With the full consent of the nation, Samuel appointed his sons to office as his assistants. These young men "turned aside after lucre and took bribes and perverted judgment." This was a bad thing for both them and Israel ; but Samuel had adhered to the true principles in appointing them to office, that is, he had obtained "the full assent of the nation." LIKE ALL THE NATIONS. Thus came that gathering long to be remembered in the annals of Israelitish story. "All the elders of  Israel gathered themselves together, and came to Sam-uel unto Ramah, and said unto him, 'Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways ; now make us a king to judge us like all the nations.' " (I. Sam., 8th chap.) Here was a plea on the part of the people for a monarchy. They wanted a king to judge them "like all the nations." In other words, they wanted to be like all the nations. But all the other nations on earth at that time, save Israel alone, were heathen nations. Their inspiration came from Satan, and their principles were born of evil and not of good. Every one of these were mon-archies. Their kings obtained the thrones, whether by fair means or foul, they little recked. The people were not asked whether they liked the form of govern-ment or not. It was for them to obey the king and ask no questions. The common idea of things was that the majority of mankind were born saddled and bridled for the mi-nority, born booted and spurred to ride them. So when the elders of Israel gathered together to ask Samuel to make them a king to judge them like the nations round about them, they asked that the prin-ciples of Satan in government might be installed in place of the principles of God. This was the beginning of a long dark night, the gloomy clouds of which even the advent of Christ, the Day-Star, could not entirely dispel, and which even to this present time has not come to the morning. "The cases of abuse among the people had not been referred to Samuel. Had the evil course of his sons been known to him, he would have removed them without delay; but this was not what the petitioners desired. Samuel saw that their real motive was discon-tent and pride, and that their demand was the result of a deliberate and determined purpose." Samuel plead with God. And the Lord said unto Samuel, "Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee; for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected Me, that I should not reign over them." In the request which the people of Israel made to God, through Samuel, they rejected the gov-ernment of God and the principles of that government, but these principles involved that one eternal and al-mighty principle, "the consent of the governed." This principle also invoked the idea that Israel should dwell alone and should not be reckoned among the nations. "The days of Israel's greatest prosperity had been those in which they acknowledged Jehovah as their king, and when the laws and the government which He had established were regarded as superior to those of all the other nations. Moses had declared to Is rael concerning the government of God, 'this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the 