JULY 16, 1896. A.IVICkirttreA,.N SIN-r17111N7101..1 219 a "priest of the most high God," was king of Salem, and that he came out to welcome Abraham on his return from the slaughter of the kings, and "as 'priest to the most high God' he pronounced a blessing upon Abraham, and gave thanks to the Lord,. who had wrought so great a deliverance by his servant. And Abraham gave him tithes of all.' "4  Subsequently we have the history of Joseph, who, in the providence of God, became gov-ernor over all the land of Egypt with author-ity second only to the king. Then, too, Daniel and his three companions, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah, held high official posi-tions in the kingdom of Babylon. Nor is this strange since we are plainly told that " the powers that be are ordained of God," that magistrates " are his ministers" " to ex-ecute wrath upon him that doeth evil;" and we are exhorted by th6 apostles to pray "for kings, and for all that are in authority ; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty." Quietness and peace are essential to the enjoyment of life and liberty, and to the pur-suit of happiness, which the Declaration of Independence enumerates as among those un-alienable rights which governments are insti-tuted to preserve. Thus the Christian's true attitude toward civil government is quiet submission in all things civil; rendering to Cmsar the things that are Cmsar's, and to God the things that are God's. But to do-this, that is, to render to God that which belongs to God, he who would render it, must, in the things rendered to God, be absolutely independent of any human authority. In those things, his allegiance must be paid to God. And as a matter of history, we find that this has always been the attitude of the servants of God. This was the case with Shadraeh, Meshac, and Abed-nego, who, for refusing to bow before the great image in the plain of Dora, were cast into the fiery furnace. It was also the ease with Daniel, who, though prime minister of the empire, dis-obeyed a " law " of the king. It was also the case with Peter and John, who, when com-manded by the magistrates contrary to the word of the Lord, answered, "W hether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard." 'Christ's Answer to the Pharisees. In all these cases the civil rulers sought to usurp authority which belonged alone to God, and the servants of God refused obedience and quietly submitted to the punishment inflicted, protesting, however, against the in-justice and maintaining their innocence while declaring boldly their purpose not to yield to Cesar the things that belong to God. The same course was pursued by Christians until apostacy began to corrupt the primitive simplicity of the gospel. The followers of Christ ever yielded cheerful obedience to all in authority in all civil matters, but they went to the block and the stake rather than yield an iota of their soul-liberty. So per-sistent were they in maintaining this individ-ual responsibility directly to God, that their teaching upon this subject so permeated the Roman Empire that by the year A. D. 319, the most perfect religious freedom that ever existed under any government, except our own, was granted in Rome, and was enjoyed by all, both Pagans and Christians, until apostate Christians themselves sought to es-tablished in Rome a man-made theocracy and denied to others the very rights which only 4 Id. par. 14. a few years before they had claimed for them-selves. And in so doing they violated not only the principles for which they had formerly contended but they set at nought the funda-mental law of Christianity itself, as laid down by its Author: " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR. THE most conspicuous, if not the most im-portant, event of the past few days, in the sphere of religious activity, is the national Christian Endeavor convention at Wash-ington, D. C., which closed its session July. 13, Touching, as this organization does, with all the force of immense numbers and youth-ful enthusiasm, not only the religious but also the political spheres of our Indic life, it is in-cumbent upon American citizens of every class to understand its character and aims, and take note of what it is doing. Already the question of the true nature of Christian endeavorŠif it was ever seriously considered in the organizationŠhas been set-tled as not excluding the use of political methods for applying its great power in the settlement of religious and moral questions. It only remains now to make its power felt through those methods in the most effective way. But this all-important question of the na-ture of true Christian endeavor has not been rightly settled. The assumption that it can rightfully proceed along political lines is alto-gether erroneous. That the error has been assumed, rather than deliberately adopted, by the great masses of Endeavorers at least, we have no reason to doubt. It is from this standpoint that the SENTINEL challenges the advancing hosts of the youthful army. It would point out to them that as Christian young men and women they are not moving in accordance with their marching orders. An anecdote of the great Wellington relates that on one occasion, while seated with some Christian friends, he read the commission of Christ to his disciples, instructing them to go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature, and turned to his friends with the exclamation, "There are your marching orders." -He was right. The marching orders of the Lord Jesus Christ to his followers send them forth throughout all nations to preach the gospel of salvation from sin. To disre-gard these orders is to move to certain dis-aster. Zeal cannot compensate for lack of knowledge. What is it to preach the gospel? The word of God must tell us. That word tells us that the gospel of God " is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. 1: 16. The Scriptures tell us further that the power of God is in his word. " By the word of the Lord were the heavens made, and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." Ps. 33: 6. He who believes the word of God receives the power of God that is in it unto his salvation. There was power in that word to create man in the beginning; there is power in it now to recreate man in the image of Jesus Christ. That is the gos-pel. That is what Christians are commis-sioned to preach to all the world. Two things are essential in its operation,Šthe word of God and faith on the part of him who hears it, The word of God, and that alone, must be proclaimed, for it alone has saving power, and it must be indorsed by the individual who would receive any benefit from it. But political methods know nothing of faith. And knowing nothing of faith, they know nothing of the power of God unto salvation. Hence they cannot possibly be Christian. The Christian Endeavor organization possesses immense force. As a political power it can compel many changes in city and State legis- lation and government. But it has not force enough to push a soul into heaven, or pull it away from a single sin. Not all the power in the world, whether exercised through the Ł ballot or through the bayonet, can force any individual one step from sin into righteous-ness. The force of legislation or of public senti-ment may restrain one from crime, and to this end force is legitimate and necessary in civil government; but salvation from crime is not salvation from sin. Christianity deals with sin. The mission of Christ in this world is to save people from sin. This, therefore, must be the purpose of all true Christian en-deavor. Only the power of God can save any person from sin, and this power cannot operate for salvation except through faith. Without faith no virtue attaches to any religious act; bn the contrary, it becomes actual sin, for " whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Horn. 14:23. The result of force in religion, there-fore, is evident; it can produce nothing but sin. The individual who observes the sab-bath because of the force of human law or public sentiment, commits actual sin in so doing. Religious observances without faith are but a mockery. To endeavor to force people to mock God with empty forms, is not Christian. Christian endeavor is that which seekS to lead men to the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world. It is faith that distinguishes between Chris-tianity and mere good citizenship. If force could make a man a good citizen, through some process of civil procedure, he would still be as far as ever from being a Christian. It is proper and necessary that all should be dote that can be to promote good citizenship; that civil force should be made the conservator of civil or natural rights, and that public senti-ment should be ,guided in those channels which lead to peace and prosperity in civil affairs. But it must be evident to the candid mind that effort in this line, operating as it does through purely secular means, cannot properly be termed "Christian." If it can be, then the atheist can be a Christian endeavorer without ehanging his belief, as truly as can those who profess Christianity. As Christians we cannot come to any man with force. That very individual to whom it is most necessary to apply force in the in-terests of the public peace and safety, is likely to be the one most in need of that divine power which restrains from wrong-doing with-out force. When the Christian comes to him, it must be with the gospel, the same as to all others. The fact that there are 'many people in the world who must be forcibly restrained to prevent them from taking the lives or prop-erty of others, does not in the least affect the nature of Christian endeavor.. Human nature is evil at its best, and the " best men" of the world, equally with the worst, must experi-ence Christianity through simple faith in the word of God. So to whomever Christian en-deavor may be directed,Šand it must be di-rected to every creature in the world if the Saviour's commission is fulfilledŠit cannot operate through any human force. As soon as it makes use of force, it ceases to be Chris-tian. Force in religion does not draw men to Christ, but only drives them away. If some are far away from him now, let them not 