You want to succeed in life; you should he trained for success. The CAPITAL CITY COMMERCIAL COLLEGE and, the CAPITAL CITY SCHOOL OF SHORTHAND, Y.M.C.A. Building, Des, Moines, Iowa, are among the leading business training schools of this country. Board from $1.75 to $2.00 per week. All expenses reasonable. Competent graduates are assisted in securing positions. The best of everything. Send for catalogue to Mehan & McCauley, Des Moines, Iowa. SOUTH LANCASTER ACADEMY, Is most healthfully located. Combines religious and industrial with intellectual training. Thoroughness of instruction, solidity of character and usefulness in life are the principal objects of attainment. Board and Tuition Only $120 Per Year. For further particulars and calendar, address, J. H. HAUGHEY, Principal, South Lancaster, Mass. 526 AiVIERIOAN SENTINEL. THE WHIRL of the CYCLONE CONTINUES. The people are looking for a perfect washing machine. It is found only in the Cyclone, and it is so easy to demonstrate the fact to intending purchasers that agents for it are reaping a rich harvest. Write for terms and territory to Coon Bros., 18-20 Hanover St., Battle Creek. Mich. "I am surprised," Says PROF. E. A. SHELDON, President of the State Normal School, Oswego, N.Y. "that so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a com-pass and sold at so small a price." THE NEW Webster Dictionary AND Complete Vest- Pocket Library P is full of happy sur- prises. It successfully combines a Diction-ary of 45,800 words; a complete Parlia-mentary Manual; Literary Guide, etc. Positively the only pocket dictionary giving the full pro-nunciation of words. Over 300,000 cop-ies sold. "I shall give this book a place in my vest pocket, a place that no other book thus far has had."ŠC. C. Gaines, Pres. of Eastman Business College. 192 Pages, 5%x2% in., Weight, 2 ounces. Should be owned by every Student, Business Man, and Person of Intelligence. Cloth, 25 cents; Morocco, 50 cents; Extra Qual-ity with Three Years' Calendar, Perpetual Memorandum, and Safety Postage-Stamp 'Holder, 60 cents. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. THE STORY OF PITCAIRN ISLAND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. Pitcairn Island. one of the volcanic,  gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the Eng-lish language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory reads stranger and more thrill-ingly in many respects than a romance. But mue . not all, of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary or in-correct and misleading. It will be interesting to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manorborn. Miss Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pitcairn and its inhab-itants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a contin-ual perusal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. Price, $1.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUPLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City, N. Y. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. FIGHTING AGAINST is the Title of a sixteen-page tract just issued as No. 41 of the Religious Cibertg iibrarll, In which PICTURE, POETRY, and PROSE unite In teaching Christian principles of freedom of conscience. 7 Fine Half-Tone Illustrations 7 Printed on highly-finished paper. Its attractiveness will insure perusal by the most prejudiced or indifferent reader. PRICE-3 Cents each. Usual discounts in quantities. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. UNION COLLEGE, Founded in 1891 by the General Conference of Seventh-day Advent- ists, and located at College View, a suburb of the city of Lincoln, Ne- braska. The climate is healthy and the san-itary conditions excellent. Purpose of the College. This College was established not merely for the purpose of teaching the sciences, but also of giving in-struction in the great principles of God's Word, and the practical duties of every-day life. Text Books. The Bible holds the first place in. the educational system, and only-such text books are used as harmon-ize with the inspired Word. Courses of Study: The usual work in the classical;, scientific and preparatory courses: is done, and in addition special Heal courses are offered in, Etiglishi. German, Danish and Swedish. Those Ł who cannot remain longŁ  in school, will be permitted to selectfrorn the -regular course such studies- as they -may be qualified to pursue..  Thorough instruction given in,  music, drawing, painting, stenograŠphy, book-keeping and, commercial ; law. Industrial Department. An industrial department is con- - nected with, and forms apart of;  the regular college work, Each student. has an opportunity of i spending two hours daily in some useful, physical labor under a competent instructor. Employment for,young men: Prue,  tical farming and gardening, use of tools, shoe makiug, tailoring— tent , making, baking_and dairying,.  For young ladies: Domestic work, sewing, cooking, laundrying, flower: culture, etc. Expenses low:- Send foil catalogue. ... Address, UNIONA COLLEGE; College, NE  tfiST,E,  d:TiONA  Ervr Ros 