CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth Binding, - - $1.25. With "Sentinel," Š 1.90. --ADDRESSŠ PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. .:. The Story of .:. iteairrt stand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. PITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems,  of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the yeax 1894. R is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23  chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands can be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City.  1-3LES  Ł.Ł - I Ł BŁ LŁ  S I;]Ł  A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. HIS GLORIOUS APPEARING. AN EXPOSITION OF MATTHEW 24. Revised, Enlarged, and Illustrated. The book contains 96 pages, with twenty full page illustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second coming, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in their relation to that greatest event. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, and Instructive. PriceŠAttractive Board Cover, 25c. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City- Eylannitstd. ;loorz .$ neck. cbuel as tr  STRAWBERRY J. PAYNE, Jeddo, N. V. 110 AIMEM.11-CICA_Tc Von,. 10, No. 14. The law under consideration further pro-vides that any person who shall lodge infor-mation against those who do not keep Sunday (except' chemists and some others for whom speCial provision is made) may receive a por-tion of the fine. This is a bid for the minions of the law and others to invade the sanctuary of the home in order to discover work which might' be going on in secret. This is the Spanish Inquisition in embryo. Such an unjust requirement should never have been placed upon the statute book of any govern- ment. There is one thing more we will call atten- tion to before closing. The law compelling all to keep Sunday, whether they desire to or not, is contrary to the charter of religious lib- erty, as assured by her majesty's royal procla-mation of 1858, which reads as follows PROCLAMATION: Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christianity, and acknowledging with grati-tude the solace of religion, we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in anywise favored, none mo-lested or disquieted, by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that all shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who may be in authority under us, that they abstain from all interference with the religious belief or worship of any of our subjects, on pain of our highest displeasure.ŠCassell's History of England, Vol. VIII, chap. 52, p. 513. It seems useless to enter into any argument to show that this proclamation is violated by the Sunday law. The law does " impose the convictions of those who think Sunday the rest day upon those who do not. It de- mands fifty-two days each year from the indi-vidual who keeps the seventh day, because of his religious convictions which lead him to keep this day, thus some are "favored," and " all " do not enjoy the " equal and impartial protection- of the law." It demands that those in "authority under us" instead of "abstain-ing from all interference with the religious belief" of British subjects, shall impose fines and imprisonment, and may confiscate the property of any who work on Sunday, even if they have kept the Sabbath that God made. It invades the conscience,Ša domain which God has reserved for himself and asks that which a conscientious seventh-day Christian cannot do. This, says the " Proclamation," will bring her majesty's "highest displeas- ure." It is unnecessary for us to add anything more to show the unjust principle on which this ordinance is based. It is built on the principles of the papacy. It punishes for supposed wrongs between God and manŠthe same principle on which the papacy deter- mines who are the saints and who are the heretics. The law is wrong. Every Sunday law is wrongŠthe first one.  enacted in the days of Constantine, all ever made since, and the last one which will be made. We commend to all a careful consideration of the words of Christ: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12; 47. GEO. B. THOMPSON. SUNDAY-LAW BILLS. THERE aro not -less than half a dozen pro-posals pending at, Albany for the reformation of our Sunday Blue Laws. Every one of them,. without an exception, errs radically. They all recognize the right and duty of the State to prescribe-and enforce the observance of Sabbaths, or, as our statutes put it, " holy time." Right there lies the fundamental wrong in-volved in all our Sunday laws. A purely secular State has no business and no right to prescribe any form of religious observance. It  has properly nothing to do with religion ex-cept to protect every citizen equally in his right to worship God or any gods he pleases in any way and at any time that may suit him, so-  long as he violates no law and does not interfere with the equal liberty of his fellow citizens. The most radical of the pending bills is that of Mr. Adler. It provides that in cities of 500,000 inhabitants or more, any man may carry on his ordinary business on Sunday if he files with the police authorities an affidavit pledging him to keep some other day as a Sabbath. This would be just as much a Blue Law as any enactment ever passed anywhere concern-ing Sunday. It rests absolutely upon the as-sumption that the State has a right to require the citizen to observe a Sabbath. If it has any such right it has a right also to select the particular day to be observed. The Sunday laws ought to be repealed, except as they make the first day of the week a holiday in the interest of rest and recreation and give opportunity for worship to those who are so inclined. The State ought to go out of the business of prescribing religious obligations for anybody.ŠThe World, March 20. ST  KT'S : TO : CHRIST, BY MRS E. C WHITE WE take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of Steps to Christ. The rare ability of the author in the presentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. Steps to Christ is not alone suitable as a guide to the in quirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and suggestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents,Š The Sinner's Need of Christ. Repentance. Confession. Consecration. Faith and Acceptance. The Test of Discipleship. Growing up into Christ. The Work and the Life. Knowledge of God. The Privilege of Prayer. What To Do With Doubt. Rejoicing in the Lord. Bound neatly in cloth, Embossed in silver. Price, 75c. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, A SIXTEEN-PAGE Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - - Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - - In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address. Post-paid, - To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - Address, Signs of the Times, JRTTE AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A $1.50 - .75 1.25 ($2) 8s. 