238 MITE A-1VI El? I C2 s Nrr N RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traflic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to nee every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW Youz. CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. THE Secretary of the National Religious Liberty Association is in daily receipt of signatures to the petition against religious legislation, notably from California, Iowa, and Michigan. The signatures are mostly upon petition slips, which the senders seem to have received by letter from some ear-nest workers for religious liberty. The Real Reason. COMMENTING editorially upon the case of the Tennessee Adventist, fined for working on Sunday, and whose cause has been espoused by the National Religious Liberty Association, the Sigourney, Iowa, Review, of July 9, gives the following excellent analysis of the motives of those who demand, and enforce, such laws as that under which Mr. King is being perse-cuted :Š The witnesses who testified against Mr. King did not claim that any religious meeting was disturbed, or that they them-selves were disturbed, or that any of their individual rights were invaded by his Sunday plowing, but only that their moral sense was shocked by his violation of the Sunday law, and this shock the court held to be a nuisance. These witnesses im-agined that they possessed a moral sense, but we are rather inclined to doubt it. It is a very common human frailty to mis-take bigotry and intolerance for moral sense. Men dearly love to make other men do as they do; especially in private individual matters that concern nobody else, and when they find men with minds of their own who will not obey their arbitrary commands, they are mad enough to tear them to pieces. The moral sense of the Chaldeans was terribly shocked when Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego refused to bow down to Nebuchadnezzar's golden image. It was not through any sympathy or fear that some terrible judg-ment would fall on these Hebrew children for their impiety, for they were eager to  roast them in the fiery furnace. It was not any Christian love for Mr. King or any anxiety for the future salvation of his soul, that actuated his religious pros-ecutors in their efforts to stop him from plowing on Sunday. They were ready to rob him of his hard earned cash by heavy fines, and they would not hesitate to torture him to death, rather than allow him to exercise his right of conscience dif-ferently from what they had ordered. After all, religious intolerance is nothing more than human egotism in its second-ary or brother's-keeper stage. When a man conceives an idea in regard to diet, dress, rule of life or religious observances, he wants everybody else to see it just as he does. That they refuse to so see it or ob-serve it, is to him a standing challenge to the wisdom of his position, which his con-ceit cannot brook, and he naturally craves the power to force them to observe some-thing that he can't convince them of by facts, figures, or logic. After preaching his hobby till he gets a little following he organizes, and memorializes some political party to give him a law to enable him to force his theory on the rest of his brethren, in exchange for the votes of his organiza-tion, and if his organization amounts to anything as a political factor he usually gets the legislation he wants. We don't believe that the religious people of Tennessee are any better than those of other States. We doubt if one in ten of them strictly observes the Sunday law they have forced on the statutes, and we have no idea that it was the salvation of men's souls they were thinking of when they clamored for the law under which they have been persecuting King. They observed, or pretended to observe, Sunday as a holy day, and imagined that they were doing a very praiseworthy act in so observing it, and expected the balance of mankind to look up to them with great reverence and respect on account of their piety. But the man who did not so ob-serve the day, appeared to them as a standing challenge to their assumed supe-riority, and they wanted a law to punish him, not because they thought that God was unable to suitably punish the viola-tors of his holy law, but because it hurt their human vanity to have their preten-sions to great moral virtues disputed, and they wanted their revenge. All these religious laws and prosecutions which have stained the history of the Church in all ages, come not from an earnest Christian endeavor to elevate mankind, but from the malicious dispo-sition of the professor of religion to punish the man who dares to question the superior excellence of his professions. The religious Sunday observer of Tennessee could afford to be lenient with the squirrel hunters whose rifles could be heard pop-ping in the timber on all hours of that hbly day. He could easily ignore their violation of his Sunday law because the  transgressors were low white trash whose influence cut no figure, but when a man making equally high religious professions with himself, whose life was just as pure and exemplary, who derived the authority for his position from the same sacred volume from which he derived his, and could defend his position with arguments and citations which could not be refuted, when such a man disputed the sanctity of his Sunday observance, a challenge was thrown out which he could not afford to ignore without serious sacrifice of his pro-fessed sanctity. It was not Mr. King's soul he cared to save from the conse-quences of his Sunday labor. It was Mr. King's influence that challenged the soundness of his theology, and set at naught his assumed religious superiority and authority, and aroused a combative malice, that would have lighted the fagots around the seventh-day observer, had the law of the State permitted it. - - THE Advocate, a prohibition journal of Watertown, this State, is calling for the more vigorous enforcement of existing Sunday laws. Speaking of the growing disregard of Sunday, the Advocate says : " If allowed to go on unchecked, a Con-tinental Sabbath, or a Sabbath without re-gard to a law compelling a suspension of business, will be substituted in this country instead of the Sabbath of our fathers. Against such an innovation we strongly protest." 5..tini85"ri6t  zac:R.  Foi<r1=m0 NEr00c. '8.:g .4-Psgg2gt,greg.47  .p.mg T 9 w Ł-Ł '4I'14.d' 0E1.2 fr.! 2, -OP. g 5V4°)"..<iggl. <<:$ exl .0 21 a; 8  z 'a2gilSz11 ,done4, CO 73 0 g .5 CD g 'D C).33 pr-,q Hx133-4V'ai4.—2-841',4''' cq°'5142PE)...E1  E°4'111firr.2..40" C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. McKEE, President. Secretary. 