398 Vol,. 10, No. 60 111 : 4; Ex. 20 : 8-11. Did he not make that particular day, so set apart, the sign of his Godhead and power to sanctify ? Eze. 20 :12, 20. Does he not honor it by declaring himself its Lord, and declaring it to be "my holy day"? Mark 2 : 28; Isa. 58: 13. The day was no secondary consideration with him, and in the light of his acts and his law, who can call it a secondary matter ? Of all the unwar-ranted traditions regarding the Sabbath which Christ condemned in the Jews, he never once intimated that they were wrong in regarding the particular day. How could he when he himself set it apart ? Bat there are those at the present time who are making much ado over another par-ticular day. The very ones who declare that the fourth commandment is so flexible that it may designate any day of the seven, demand that it shall be applied to that one particular day of the week which could never have been made the Sabbath; for Sabbath means rest, and implies necessary labor previously per-formed. This could have been true of the second day, third day, etc., but never of the first day. And yet it is demanded that this day shall be enforced by civil law as the Sab-bath of the Lord. PLOTTING AGAINST AGAINST LIBERTY. [Jewish Spectator, Nov. 22, 1895.] THE God-in-the-Constitution party is at work again to foist upon the people of the United States declarations which, in their tendencies, are fraught with danger to religious liberty. The following appeared last week as a news item in the columns of the secular press:Š PITTSBURG, PA., Nov. 14.ŠHon. Felix R. Brunot, president of the National Reform Association, has issued a call for a meeting of that body in the North Avenue Baptist Church, Baltimore, December 12th and 13th. The object of the convention, as anounced, will be to "consider the vital issues of the hour, to promote all wise measures of reform, and to seek such an ammendment to the Constitution of the United States as will suitably acknowledge God, the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the supremacy of his law over the nation." All Christian Churches, societies of of Christian Endeavor, and other young people's unions, Women's Christian Temperance Unions, and all such kindred organizations, are invited to send del-egates to the convention. Put into plain language, this means that the State cannot, without self-destruction, separate itself from the church and from its theology, but on the contrary absolutely depends upon it. This movement, labeled "reform" (sic), is therefore a protest against the Constitution of the United States, which is built on a sec-ular view of government, and resolves itself into a most dangerous invasion of religious liberty, guaranteed to all citizens by that Constitution. Some people, and among them many Israelites, suppose that there is not the slightest danger in an attempt like that, and believe that only a small number of cranks participate in that movement. This indulgence in a feeling of security is a most serious mistake. A few years ago a petition to Congress for the same purpose as indicated in the lines above, had one million and a half signatures attached to it. So absorbed are most men in the thoughts familiar to them that they are unable to under-stand the workings of other men's minds. It does not follow because we Israelites and other liberal and patriotic men are unanimous in favoring the complete separation of Church and State, that there are not thousands of men and women who believe most sincerely that it is a most patriotic sentiment to have God and Jesus Christ recognized in the Constitution of the United States. THE KINGDOM OF CHRIST. BY E. J. WAGGONER. WHEN Christ was before Pilate he said, "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews; but now is my kingdom not from hence." John 18 : 36. Christ did not refrain from fighting because his following was too small to cope with the Roman government, because each one of his loyal disciples, together with himself could have had a legion of angels at his back. Matt. 26: 53. But his kingdom was not of this world, and could not use earthly power. The using of force would have been his ruin, for he himself said, "They that take the sword, shall perish with the sword." There was a time when the disciples and all the people were going to take Jesus by force to make him king, and if he had consented the whole Jewish nation would have flocked to his standard; but he would not listen to the proposition. Surely if the kingdom of Christ could be advanced by civil power, then was the time to make use of it. The fact that Christ would have nothing to do with it, shows what he expects of his followers. By allow-ing himself to be betrayed into the hands of wicked men, and suffering the cruel death of the cross, Christ showed how only his king-dom can be gained and advanced. Because of the suffering of death, he was crowned with glory and honor. Let none of the professed servants of Christ think to gain the kingdom in a different manner. To make such an attempt is to deny Christ, and to make his sufferings of no account. Men have nothing to do with giving Christ his kingdom. All they are called upon to do is to yield themselves to the Holy Spirit, that they may be fashioned into fit subjects for the kingdom which the Lord God will give unto him. True, "the government shall be upon his shoulder," but it is "the zeal of the Lord of hosts" that is to give it to him. Isa. 9 : 6, 7. The Father has sworn to give unto him the heathen for his inheritance, and the utter-most parts of the earth for a possession (Ps. 2 : 7, 8); bnt when he receives them it is that he may dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel. But he will do it in person, and not by dep-uty. Christ himself showed how and when he was to receive his kingdom. He spoke a parable for the benefit of those who thought that the kingdom of God should immediately appear. He likened himself to a nobleman who " went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom and to return." "And it came to pass that when he was returned, hav-ing received the kingdom," etc. Luke 19: 11-27. Christ has now gone to that far coun-try to receive the kingdom. The receiving of it is described in Dan. 7:13, 14. When he comes the second time, he will come in his kingdom. Then he will be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels, in flaming fire, taking vengeance upon them that know not God. 2 Thess. 1: 7-9. Then will those that would not have him to rule over them be slain before him,Š"punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord, and from the glory of his power." And when he shall have destroyed all the wicked, "then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their Father." Matt. 13: 43. "Who bath ears to hear, let him hear." Christ is now sitting upon his Father's throne (Rev. 3: 21), reigning as a priest, and devising peace for his people. Zech. 6:  12, 13. He is the "one Mediator between God and men." 1 Tim. 2: 5. He is Media-tor between God and men, not between God and nations. Moreover his authority as Medi-ator is not that of compulsion, but that of love and entreaty. "Behold, I stand at the door and knock; if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with me." Rev. 3: 20. BE CAREFUL MY BROTHER. BY M. E. STEWARD. " THE law of the Loid is perfect." " The law is holy, and the, commandment holy, and just, and good." Webster defines "justiceŠrendering to every one his due, right or de-sert." The law of God not only defines all our duties (Eccl. 12:13), but it defends all our rights as well. Accompanying each pre-cept, except the fifth, like a sentinel with drawn sword in hand, is a " Thou shalt not." This guards every one of our inherent rights, with the penalty of death for transgression. " The soul that sinneth, it shall die; " and " sin is the transgression of the law." Are the rights of any human being of little con-sequence ? " The Lord of hosts, which is wonderful in council and excellent in work-ing," knew just what he was about when he made them a vital part of his own great moral law, giving them all the weight and authority of that law. The framers of the Declaration of Inde-pendence, in harmony with the divine ideal of justice, declared: " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." The law of God is called " the law of lib-erty." If every one would obey it, freedom from the bondage of sin, and from all oppres-sion of man, would insure universal content and prosperity; there would be no interference with natural rights, because every one would love his neighbor as himself. " Love worketh no ill to his neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." Love leads to obe-dience. On the contrary, selfishness is the root of the transgression of every command-ment; selfishness is supreme self-love, disre-garding the rights of others. To every one of us comes the kind injunc-tion : " So speak ye and so do, as they that shall be judged by the law of liberty." " Speak not evil one of another, brethren. He that speaketh evil of his brother and judg-eth his brother, speaketh evil of the law and judgeth the law." When a person,Ša pro-fessed child of God is here addressedŠspeaks evil of his brother, or renders any kind of judgment against him, thus injuring him with one hand, while he holds the law of God with the other, he is virtually saying that the law is in harmony with his proceed-ings. What is this but speaking evil of the law, judging it to be unkind like himself! " Who art thou that judgest another ?" Did you ever think, when you judge another man's servant, that you usurp the place of that servant's master ? How far short of blas-phemy is this ? " There is one Lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy." He alone can administer his law; none other can de-termine, in any case, the amount of its re-wards or punishments; and none but he can execute them. Oh! fellow-Christians, be entreated, speak not e' it of your brother, nor judge him any more, who conscientiously observes the Deca- 