182 MME AMERICAN SENTINEL. The hostility and preponderance of the Romanists and their intolerance of Prot-estants are rapidly driving out all opposing elements. The New England of the Puritans is rapidly becoming the New England of the Romanists. The French Canadians swarm in our northern manufacturing villages, and it is their hope and belief, carefully fostered by their teachers, that at a time not far distant, the Roman Church will not only dominate New England, but the whole of Canada eastward of the Ottawa-River. The Government of Quebec is as clearly a hierarchy as was that of Rome during the temporal power of the Pope, or as the Government of Massachusetts Bay two and a half centuries ago.ŠGeorge R. Stet-son, in Andover Review, May. Georgia W. C. T. U. Convention. THE Georgia State Convention of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union has just closed a five days' session at Mill-edgeville, Georgia. It is said that this, the tenth annual convention, " was the most interesting and enthusiastic ever held." However this may be, from the resolutions which were framed and adopted during the session, it is certain that the Georgia Woman's Christian Temperance Union is undertaking almost everything but that for which the society was organ- ized. This is one of the resolutions which the society adopted at its meeting May 24. Resolved, That we heartily endorse the action of Southern women in voting to close the doors of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday, and that our superintendent of petitions memorialize the Direc-tors of the Columbian Exposition on this subject, and demand the closing in the name of our Chris-tian civilization. It will be noticed that this resolution authorizes their superintendent of peti- tions to " demand " Sunday closing in their memorial. Will it then be a peti- tion ? Their next resolution read :Š Resolved, That the department of Sabbath ob-servance be emphasized by each local union, and that we ourselves enforce it by example. Thus the temperance (?) work goes on in Georgia. Lodi, Ga. A Broad Application. THE law under which the Law and Order League of Pittsburg is operating, is a special act passed in 1855 for Allegheny County. The penalty for the violation of the law of 1794 is a fine of four dollars. That was found insufficient to stop the run-ning of a certain omnibus line. There was also trouble with some liquor dealers, and under cover of the sentiment aroused by this feature a demand was made on the Legislature in 1855 for a more stringent law. The-rest of the State, however, pro-tested against any such move, so the Leg-islature finally compromised the matter by passing a special enactment for Alle-gheny County. This act, after increasing the penalties for Sunday liquor selling, provides thatŠ any person violating the provisions of the first sec-tion of said act for the suppression of vice and im-morality, and of unlawful gaming, and to restrain disorderly sports and dissipation, approved April 22, 1794, within the county of Allegheny, being summarily convicted thereof before any mayor,  burgess, justice of the peace or alderman, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty-five dollars, with costs, and in default of payment, or of goods to levy upon to satisfy the same, shall be commit-ted to the county prison for not less than ten nor more than thirty days. Of this section the Pittsburg Dispatch remarks thatŠ it would puzzle a mind not having the advantage of a legal education to determine what " unlawful gaming, disorderly sports and dissipation " have to do with the completion and delivery of the news of the hour, or in what the running of a street car or omnibus, or the sale of a glass of soda water conflict with the " suppression of vice or im-morality." Nevertheless, this is the section under which all violators of the Sunday law in Pittsburg are fined twenty-five dollars, no matter if the offense has been only the sale of a single newspaper, or a glass of soda water. Christian Whisky. A CORRESPONDENT of the Voice, writing from Glasgow, Ky., complains that the Herald of that place, whose business man-ager " is a Baptist preacher, in good stand-ing with his church," and who " has regular preaching appointments on Sun- day in the country ;" "through the week, for a moneyed consideration, advertises the devilish product of a man who also has a good standing in one of our city churches." A portion of the advertise-ment complained of runs thus :Š Four years in the Revenue Service, and three years as a practical distiller, have given me superior information in regard to making good whisky I advertise no whisky or apple brandy that I do not make ; and sell nothing of the kind except that of my own make. The utmost care taken to make a pure article, and will sell my whisky on its own merits. Will tell the truth as to its age. I do not at all times keep the oldest whisky in Barren County; it would be falsifying to say I did. My whisky is not for sale on Sunday (sickness excepted). Probably it is the assurance that the whisky is not for sale on Sunday that reconciles the Baptist elder to running the " ad." It was candidly stated some years ago in the California Prohibitionist that "if the saloons will only close on Sundays it is about all we can ask." Does the Voice correspondent ask more than that ? If so he is- in advance of very many of his party. IN answering the assertion that " Sun-day is the sacred -day of America, and should be protected from desecration," by closing the World's Fair on that day, Mr. A. B. French, of Clyde, Ohio, says:Š The first day of the week is not the sacred day of all America. It is not so recognized by many, whose religious zeal is no less fervent than that of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. It is. estimated that in New York City alone there are 250,000 Jews, who own real estate to the value of $209,000,000, and have invested in trade $27,388,-000, yet it is not their sacred day. Nor is it the sacred day of the Seventh-day Adventists and many others. Moreover, we may safely say that in defiance of all statutes, three-fourths of the citizens of the Republic do not regard the day with any,  particular religious sanctity. To abstain from trade and labor in compliance with a statute is no evidence they regard the day as sacred. If the day was regarded half as highly as some people would have us suppose, there would be no trouble about the ques-tion of closing the Fair. The fact is that a minority is trying to compel the major-ity to show a regard for Sunday which they do not feel, in short to be hypo-crites for the moral effect it would have on foreigners! Sunday Reading Supervised. REV. W. F. CRAFTS professes that it is not his purpose nor wish to prevent by law certain reading on Sunday, but only to prevent the Sunday work of preparing and circulating the Sunday paper; never-theless he quotes approvingly in his book, " The Sabbath for Man," these words by a New York judge, in a decision against the legality of Sunday advertising :Š In any -view of religious obligation, it would be difficult to contend that the reading of advertise-ments in a Sunday newspaper, or aiding a person to do so, is a work of either necessity or charity. The mind, certainly, on that day needs no such sustenance, and even as a mere matter of taste, it must be admitted that common advertisements of mere buying and selling are a very unsuitable out-fit for a feast of reason. Six days, at all events, of such a diet are enough. Thought perpetually run-ning in one channel, like matrimony in one family, dwarfs the intellect. It is rather a work of charity in such cases to withhold than to give. Abstinence, not sustenance, is what is needed. (19 Barb., 581; 24 N. Y., 353.) If this decision does not look very strongly in the direction of State super-vision of Sunday reading for the individ-ual, we would like to know what would. Yet Mr. Crafts approves it. It is only just to state, however, that the Legisla-ture did not, and something over a year ago made advertising in Sunday papers legal in this State. A National Reform organ says,Š We believe the reading of such matter as the SunŁ day papers contain, keeping the mind in its week-day ruts of fashion and politics and business, is unhealthy for the mind as well as the soul, but if this reading was sold on Saturday we could only protest; we could not prohibit. And why not prohibit it on one day as well as on another ? Has not the State as much right to guard the morals of the people one day as it has to guard them on another day ? If it is the people who are to be protected, why not protect them alike on all days ? It is not however the people but the day that is to be guarded. It is the day about which the safeguards of the law are to be thrown. It is the day that is to be honored. Whether it is better or worse for the people is a minor consideration. Sunday must be exalted to a place above other days, and so acts not only harmless, but even necessary on other days are forbidden and declared to be criminal on Sunday, for no other rea-son than because of the supposed sacred character of the day. Sunday laws have no other object than to compel the observ-ance of a religious institution, and would have no existence but for the religious character of the day. THE Observer complains thatŠ while tens of thousands of Christian people all over the land have been protesting against the opening of the Chicago World's Fair on Sunday, the man-agers have thrown open the Fair grounds on that day to all who care to pay a small admission fee. This is letting the camel's head in with a vengeance. It is evident that measures more vigorous than any yet taken will be needed to induce the manage-ment of the Fair to so far conform to American customs, and the -truest American public sentiment, as to close the institution on Sunday. That is, the boycott must be invoked, simply because the people of Chicago are now permitted to go for pay where they formerly had the privilege of going free of chargeŠnamely, to one of the parks of the city? How long will it be until the demand will be made that the people be excluded from the parks altogether ? W. C. DALBEY. 