602 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Even criminals possess unalienable rights; and while they may by their crime forfeit the rights of liberty and even of life, there are no circumstances under which a per-son may forfeit his right to worship according to the dic-tates of his conscience. 1-  10-110- 4 4 The Consistent Mohammedan and the Inconsistent "Christian." A LONDON (Eng.) journal makes the following perti-nent comment upon the treatment accorded the Sultan's recent official expression of thanks to God for victory in the war with Greece:Š "The Sultan's official letter, expressing in terms pious and devout his thanks to God and the Prophet Moham-med for his victory in Thessaly, was treated by the press as an amusing document. It seems strange to the West to hear a Mohammedan talking so piously about his suc-cess in war. But the letter, with Mohammed's name struck out, might very readily have come from any European ruler after a successful campaign. Do not pro-fessedly Christian, governments thank God for success in killing their enemies? The Sultan does, so at least con-sistently, as his prophet's religion is Islam and the Sword ; but Christians acknowledge the Prophet who said, Put up thy sword,' and 'Resist not evil.' Yet in the -name of the religion of Jesus guns are dedicated and vic-tories over men wholly unprepared to die are celebrated -with religious rejoicings." - Ł ----- - -44 -4r The Pope's Army. CONSISTS OF GOO SOLDIERS WHO GUARD THE VATICAN AND GROUNDS. " Catholic Mirror," Sept. 11. POPE LEO recently made a speech' to a number of former officers of the papal army and it was misquoted all over the world. The Offleial Gazette of the Vatican promptly corrected the published statements and at the same time gave some interesting data of the papal army of to-day, which is not so insignificant by far as is gener-ally believed. As the prisoner in the Vatican, Leo XIII employs 600 men to guard the little strip of land and the build-ings over which he is still the material as well as the spiritual lord. This army is divided into five corps, the Noble Guards taking the first place. They are recruited from. Rome's "black aristocracy," that is, from those "high born" ancient families which remain true to the church despite political changes and ill luck. This troop is about fifty head strong and the Altieri is its com-mander. The Swiss form the second corps, which is 100 men strong. They are all picked men, large of stature and heroic in appearance. The secretary of state himself en-gages them, taking his choice from thousands of candi-dates who send photographs and descriptions of them- selves. Only citizens of the ancient "cantons" of Switz-erland are admitted. These Swiss, finely uniformed and armed with Remington rifles, 'do' service in front and about the Vatican as. sentinels and guards. The third troops are recruited from Roman citizens, and is called the Police Guard. On ordinary occasions only their officers do, duty, but at State functions, such as visits of royalty and great church festivals, all are under arms. The Police Guard is officered by one gen-eral, Commander Crostarosa, two majors, four captains, and eight lieutenants. A corps of gendarmes, 100 in all, constitute the Vatican police. The members of this troop must all be horsemen, though at preseiit they' are un-mounted. All these troops are responsible to the papal ministry of arms, which is organized, though on a small scale, like the ministry of war in any of the' continental monarchies, having even a special organ, a military weekly, called La Fedelto Cattolie. Apostolic Succession. "Present Truth," London, Eng. THE only apostolic succession that the Bible knows anything of is that of apostolic faithfulness in preaching the Word. "And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faith-ful men, who shall be able to teach others also." 2 Tim. 2:2. The important thing was the teaching, and the command of the Lord was that believers should;  each all things that he had commanded, even unto the end of the world. "I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, . . . preach the Word." He, then, is in the apostolic succession who preaches the Word. A writer has well said:Š "It certainly is very remarkable that the Anglican clergy should claim a special grace of the Holy Spirit coming to them through the worldly, tyrannous, perse-cuting bishops of the Romish Church in the Middle Ages, and not through the obscure holy martyrs whom they persecuted. Surely, if there was such a line of grace, it would be found in those who were faithful unto death for the truth as it is in Jessus, rather than with those who put to torture and cruel death the saints of God." Those who suffeNd at the hands of a worldly church in possession of power were, in that respect at least, in the apostolic succession; for that was the experience .of the apostles of the Lord. The tradition of the church puts 'in the line of apostolic succession the proud prelates of church history who lorded it over God's heritage, often men of the lowest stamp of vileness ancLeriminality ; but God places there the unnamed multitudes who overcame "by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their tes-timony; and they loved not,  their lives unto the death." As ye ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise. Luke 6:31. 