538 THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY. tion and government-without-the consent of- the governed by the United States over distant and alien peoples, is authorized by the expression in the Con-stitution that " Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other, property belonging to the United States." The Constitution Abandoned---gi This Nation Can Con-quer Like Any Other." But, one of the oldest and most influential of American journals. and one which stands at the head 'of this large and powerful element, says that .such an argument will not do, that " to center de-fense upon that claim is to trust to unstable Se-curity," and then following this, boldly and une-quivocally declares that in this matter the Constitu-tion must be abandoned entirely. This journal, the New York Tribune, on July 19, discussed this "de-fense" editorially, and among other things said: "When territority is acquired by treaty—without engagement to take it into the Union, the Sovereign Nation has authority to rule it as it will, Subject to the law of freedom instinct, in its own being, or, as the President puts it, Congress has full legislative power, subject only to the fundamental safeguards of liberty, justice and personal rights.'" "That is the view of the Circuit Court [in the " recent decision upholding a special tariff for Porto Rico "] which bases our free hand in the new terri-tories on their status outside the Union under the treaty." The next day it said editorially: " Every theorist who sets out to emasculate Amer-ican sovereignty by constitutional limitations, gets himself into trouble. This nation can conquer, like any other. It can capture, occupy, and subject. e * * It can exercise sovereign authority over terri-tory not annexed to the Union,, like _Cuba. * * * Anti-imperialism seeks to rob the American citizen of the one power in which he has the greatest pride. It seeks to strip him-of the one operation which is to him dearer than any otherŠthat government by the people, for the good of mankind, may one day bring the federation of the world." These quotations are a part of the evidence to which reference was made at the beginning of this article. From them we learn that "the'sovereign nation has authority to rule as it will, subject to 'the law of freedom instinct in its own being;" that Ameri-can sovereignty to-day, instead of depending upon the Constitution for all its vigor, is of such a char- acter that adherence to constitutional- limitations would "emasculate" it; that this nation is now like any other, it "can conquer,"' "capture, occupy and subject;" that in this power the American citizen " has the greatest pride," and the operation of which " is to him dearer than any other." No Sovereignty for Subjugation and Oppression. It requires no argument to show that these pro-positions are- in direct conflict with American prin-ciples of government and in exact accord with every -despotic system that has robbed men of their in-alienable rights. There is no such thing as sov-ereignty to subjugate and oppress, to " conquer," ." capture," and " subject." There are governments in the world to-day, it is true, that have never ad-mitted this; but such sovereignty is opposed to the whole genius, spirit-  and letter of American institutions. At its foundation the American Gov-ernment expressly repudiated such sovereignty. Compare the Tribune's doctrine of unlimited sov-ereignty to conquer, capture, occupy and subject with the American doctrine, which was well ex-pressed by John Quincy Adams in 1837: The people [of the colonies] who assumed their equal and separate station among the powers of the earth, by the laws of nature's God, by that very act acknowledged themselves bound to the observance -of thOrse laws, and could neither exercise nor confer .any power inconsistent with them." " All the legislators of the human race _until that clay had laid the foundations of all government among men in power, and hence it was that in the maxims of theory, as well as in the practice of na-tions, sovereignty was held td be unlimited and illimitable. The Declaration of Independence pro-claimed another law, * * * a law of right, bind-ing upon nations as well as upon individuals, upon sovereigns as well as upon subjects. * * * In assuming the attributes of sovereign power, the colo- Ł uists appealed to the Supreme Judge of the World for the rectitude of their intentions, and neither claimed nor conferred authority to do anything but for right." Unlimited Sovereignty the Law of the Mob. A self-governing nation does not do as it pleases. A people who govern themselves will abide by the forms and rules and methods 'of procedure, which experience and wisdom have demonstrated to be most sure and effectual in securing equal and exact justice. The Tribune may not be aware of the fact, but it doc,ttilw is 'as, revolutionary and anarchical 