408 .A.IVIEILCIE CAN.;--1-3,':N-r.rir'N]r_. VoL. 11, No. 51. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 24, 1896. rir' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pity for it. THE United States Government put into commission the other day a new monitor war ship, which is said to be "the Terror of the Sea." It is called the Puritan,. That is a very appropriate name. FROM Washington, D. C., news comes that already petitions containing between two hundred and three hundred thousand signa-tures have been presented to Congress asking for a Sunday law for the District of Co-lumbia. Joimr G. WOOLEY calls the Bible "King sets version of the Constitution of the ted, States." This is a mistake. Our English Bible is the King James version of the -Constitution of the Kingdom of God. The United States is not the Kingdom of God, and never will be. It is not even a kingdom of men. It is a republic of men. THE Union Signal says that "It is believed that this is a good time for Christian citizens, irrespective of party or denomination, to come together and consider their duty in the light of Christ's law." Yes, that is believed by a large number of people: and we most heartily wish that they would do it. And until all can get together, we wish such as do meet would really do this. It would work great changes and do immense good. IN the late big storm in this city a man perished because he had no shelter, although he had worked the day before. When his employer saw him dead, he exclaimed, "Why, that's Louis Bressler. He went to work for us yesterday. We would have paid him to-day if he had not died." The Lord has said, "The wages of him that is . hired shall not abide with thee all night until the morning." What untold blessings would come to the poor if only those who have it in their power would do as the Bible says. UNDER the heading "Enforce the Laws," the Union Signal says that "more requests came the past year for legal light than for any other one thing; for that matter, more than all others put together." But what good is legal light to Christians? The light of life is what men need, Christians and all others. And it is written, "He that follow-eth Me, shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life." But as, in the work of the W. C. T. U., more requests are  made for legal light than for all otheFthings put together, it would appear that in that work they are following this other thing more than they are following Christ. The Signal considers this "a hopeful sign." It may be a hopeful sign of the thing they have in view; bat as for anything pertaining to Christianity, it is everything else than a hope-ful sign. A WASHINGTON, D. C., correspondent sends us the following: " A delegation of members of the Anti-saloon League called on the President and had a conversation with him with reference to proposed religious leg-islation. They referred to the criticisms that had been made in the papers with refer-ence to his Thanksgiving proclamation; and as they reported in their public meetings, the President said emphatically that this is in-deed a Christian nation, and it was only a matter of time when everyone would have to come to accept the situation." Evidently it was due to no oversight on the President's part that his Thanksgiving proclamation for 1896 read as it did. THE next number of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL will be the New Year's number. It will be in new dress, new form, and sixteen Ł pages. Get ready to read it over carefully, and show it to your neighbor, and so recom-mend it to him that he will become a sub-scriber. The price remains the same. A WESTERN religio political journal raises the query how far a Christian can follow the divine injunction to "turn the other cheek" to the smiter before reaching the point where "forbearance ceases to be a virtue." It men-tions by way of illustration that a certain minister in an Iowa town had been active re-cently in securing the indictment of a drug-gist for violation of the prohibition law, whereupon the druggist becoming angry, undertook one day to chastise the preacher upon the street, but the latter drew a revolver and shot him, inflicting a dangerous wound. This was a "regretable" outcome, the journal says, but it adds that "it is a stern question how long the champions of law and -order may be expected to stand dumb before the insults and assaults of law-breakers and..418-Ł sassins." Was-  this a case of -"Christian"-shooting? And if-the wound proved fatalŠas perchance it did-was in a "Chris- better for him than ilthe shot had heen-ftred::.  tian" way? This,' not hoe.. heeil.  anti by a highway robber, but theminister-lherebY'--avenged the "insults" offered him and- 'per- chance avoided bedilyinjury. How far did Jesus Christ go Vin submitting without resentment to the insults and lence offered him? How long did he suffer . , ,,.— them  who profess to do all things in His name, to consider these questions in their bearing upon this Subject. IN a letter to The Church, Boston, Mass., lately, on "The Relation of the Catholic Church to American Institutions," Cardinal Gibbons said :Š The American nation is a Christian nation. This is manifest from its Constitution, from its legisla-tion, and from its observance of certain holidays such as Thanksgiving and Christmas. Now it is this very Christian spirit that the Catholic Church tries to strengthen in every way possible. Convinced that in her alone resides the fullness of divine revelation, she desires to draw all to herself through the sweet bonds of charity and religious persuasion. And that this work of drawing all to her-self is being steadily and persistently carried on, the following dispatch is in evidence:Š ROME, Dec. 16.ŠIt is learned on excellent author-ity that the pope will probably renew negotiations with the United States for the creation of an Amer-ican legation to the Vatican. His Holiness has not any greater hopes of succeed-ing with President McKinley than with President Cleveland, but he takes these steps by way of homage to a principle which, according to the Vatican, must sooner or later triumph. As President Cleveland has declared that "it is only a matter of time when, all will have to accept the situation" of this being "indeed a Christian nation," Rome can be depended on to do her part in seeing that "all will have to accept the situation." IN a sermon not long ago Dr. Talmage said that he was not a Spiritualist. His sermon Sunday, December 6, on "Heaven and Its Employments," proves that he is now very much of a Spiritualist. The veil that he mentions in the former sermon as growing thinner and thinner between this world and the spiritual world, will soon be so very thin that he can communicate with his departed friends who, he insists, "are much more alive than they ever were." AMONGST Catholics and in Catholic papers of the United States it is being said that "when Leo XIII. takes his place beside the popes surnamed great, among the things that made his greatness, historians will first name the establishment of the apostolic delegation in the United States." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending Ł toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Paeifie Ptress Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. PRESIDENT,  ALLEN MOON. VICE-PRESIDENT, A. T. JONES SECRETARY, A. F. BALLENGER. Single Copy, Per Year, Ł" " Six months, - 44 . " Three " - '$1.00. .50. - .25. before.  striking his_ To__ editors the ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, ground? It might 'he 'pro -t 39 Bond Street, New York. 