592 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORE, SEPTEMBER 21, 1899. FRANCE has punished herself worse than she has punished Dreyfus; and any state that by injustice seeks to degrade an individual, always makes itself the real object of degradation. THE different trade unions are now going into the business of enforcing Sunday observance, if we may judge from indications described elsewhere in this paper. This will be another and mighty force behind this move-ment. There are stirring times ahead, and a good deal of stirring ought to be done right now by the friends of liberty. WE are informed by the secretary of the International Religious Lib-erty Association that the trial of Ar. A. J. Waters, of Rome, Ga., be-fore the Supreme Court of that State, will be held about the time this issue of the SENTINEL reaches its readers. If convicted, Mr. Waters expects to spend six months in the chain-gang. 0 dr readers will be given the partic-ulars in the case at the earliest pos-sible moment. "SUNDAY laws do not compel sev-enth-day people to work on their Sabbath; they do not interfere at all with their worship on the seventh day," is an oft-made statement in-tended to justify such laws. Appar-ently it is true, before the sev-enth-day Christian gets into their toils; but when this is done, then, as a criminal, he is compelled to work on the seventh day regardless of everything; in case of refusal being subjected to the horrors of prison discipline. This justification of Sun-day laws is as lame as that which it is intended to support. NOT long ago the American public were made familiar with the details of the street railway strike and boy-cott in the city of Cleveland, Ohio. A boycot was enforced against the car lines involved in the strike, and people who rode on those lines were "spotted" and could buy no goods at the stores where they had been reported. It proved, so it was said, a very effective means of enforcing an adverse attitude of the public to-ward the car companies. There is something about this that is sugges-tive. The cannot-buy-or-sell method of enforcing obedience to a human mandate has made its appearance, and how far off are we from that time prophetically described when "no man might buy nor sell save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name?" BECAUSE it has criticised the action of the United States in departing from the principles of free govern-ment,the SENTINEL has been accused of going into politics. If criticising the action of the Government is go-ing into politics, then the SENTINEL has been in politics from the first; for from the first it has opposed the enforcement of Sunday laws by the State governments, and the defer-ence paid to Sunday in various ways by the national Government. "Ex-pansion" has not yet been made an issue by any political party; but if it should be made an issue in the coming campaign, that would not alter the nature of the principle it embodies. Some years ago, in Cali-fornia, the repeal of the Sunday law was made an issue in the State cam-paign; but that did not make the question of religious liberty a mere matter of politics. It did not affect the nature of the contest between religious freedom and religious tyr-anny. People who opposed the Sun-day law of the State, as being against religious freedom, did not thereby become politicians. The person who sees only a ques-tion of politics in a denial of the right of selfŁ government, now, is pre- paring himself to see only a question of politics by and by in a national law to enforce the observance of Sun-day. And that will be the mistake of his life. THE editor of a New York daily says the following:Š "William McKinley, President of the United States, was invited to lay a corner-stone. Any union that might have opposed his doing so on the ground 'not a union man' would have been justly considered idiotic. "TheChicago stonemasons elected Mr. McKinley to membership in their union and gave him a card. "Mr. McKinley politely accepted. Thereupon he was informed that if he laid a corner-stone set by masons not members of the union he would be boycotted. "Not only that, but wherever he might go hereafter to lay corner-stones, masons and others would declare a strike and forbid his laying the corner stone on the ground that he was a scab; and if he did any work on the building, even to rap-ping the stone with the trowel, no union workman could touch it. "Could any stupidity be greater than this? Could there be any dis-play of discourtesy more gross?" Yet this is just the discourtesyŠthis is the tyrannyŠof all trade unions. They would not all exhibit it in the case of the President, but they would visit it upon people of lesser note, and that would be every bit as bad in principle. They are or-ganized to fight tyranny, and do it by enforcing other tyranny,Šby be-coming themselves, in principle, like unto the thing which they combat. This is unfortunate, to say the least. Two wrongs do not make right, and two tyrannies in the place of one are not likely to increase the chances for the restoration of liberty. CHRISTIANITY does not 8 Si( the privilege of invading any individ-ual's rights, and no other religion ought to have it. TRUST in God will make you inde-pendent of the trust on earth. 