T11F SENTINEL. 243 would be as little satisfactory to the Jew and Protestant as the old English Bible would be to the Jew and Catholic. Further than this, re-ligious instruction of a certain prescribed form is a matter of conscience with each of these groups, and the whole scheme is inexpedient except upon a basis of dogmatic authority repugnant to the spirit and letter of the Constitution. We believe that the inculcation of sound morals is an essential part of public education, but, like the sentiment of patriotism, they are rather a result of example than of direct instruction. A teacher of sound character and correct habits of life inspires the same in his pupils, while a teacher of the opposite character cannot do so by any amount of dogmatic instruction. Indeed, in Europe and America those schools are most worthless for the practical ends of education where an authoritative 'attempt is made to im-press religious instruction.ŠBaltimore Herald. N Ł if- The Basis of Civil Law. REv. J. M. FOSTER, one of the district secre-taries of the National Reform Association, has an article in the Christian Statesman of July 25, in which, referring to' an article which appeared in this paper some weeks since, lie says "The writer flatly denies that the State is the keeper of both tables of the decalogue,' and that the ten commandments are the basis of moral legis-lation.' He assumes the secular theory of govern-ment, and practically accepts Jefferson's notion that `government is the ,watch-dog lying at our door to guard our property.' He should rub his eyes and look up. That theory is dead and buried long ago, There is only one theory accepted among political philosophers now: There is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God.' " " The writer" did , and does still flatly deny that the state is the keeper of any part of the decalogue, as such. And neither are the ten commandments the basis of moral legislation, in the sense in which Mr. Foster uses the term. Properly speaking, there is no such thing as moral legislation, and there can be no such thing, for the reason that God is the only moral governor and his law the only moral law. All human laws are civil laws, and human governments pun-ish offenders not for immorality, but for incivility. "The law of God forbids adultery, so does the law of the State," say they who arc of Mr. Fos-ter's way of thinking, and imagine that this proves that the former is the basis of the latter; but they forget that there is one important difference, namely, that the law of God takes cognizance of and forbids the lustful look and the impure thought, while the human law takes cognizance of and forbids only the uncivil act. In one sense, and in one sense only, is the divine law the basis of the human, namely, in this : that we learn from it something of the duties which, as men, we owe to one another. But even in this sense, it is the di-vine law written in the very nature of man, rather than the law of revelation, which forms this basis. This is shown by the fact that tribes and nations utterly ignorant of revelation have in all ages had among themselves laws for the protection of life and property, etc. In no other sense can Mr. Foster's proposition be admitted without making men judges of the divine law and clothing them with power to enforce it. If the State is the keeper or custodian of the decalogue, or any part of it, as such, it follows that the State interprets 'and enforces the decalegue; and what is that but for the State to assume the place of God, and attempt to exercise the,, power  of God. Mr. Foster's logic would make the State simply the agent to carry out the mandates of those who should be selected to interpret the law of God, just as, in the palmiest days of the Papacy, the State was the minister to execute ven-geance on all whom the church as the expounder of the word of God adjudged to be heretics. The assertion which Mr. Foster makes that there is only one theory accepted among political philosophers now, namely, "There is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God," in the sense in which he understands the apostles' words, is to say that National Reformers are the only political philosophers. This the writer is not ready to admit; nor is it true, as:the gentleman's language implies, that there is a general repudia-tion of the words of the Declaration of Inde-pendence: " Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." In the true sense, both the Scripture declaration that "there is no power but of God; the powers that be are ordained of God," and the Declaration of Inde- pendence perfectly agree, but as interpreted by National Reformers and by those who hold to the divine right of kings, they are opposed to each other ; he'nce Mr. Foster's opposition to Jefferson's theory of government. His reference to the ideaŁ that, "government is a watch-dog lying at our door to guard our property," is noteworthy only as showing that he, in company with other Na-tional Reformers, takes issue with the Declaration of Independence, which being written by Jeffer- son, was the embodiment of his views of civil government. The idea that the proper function of civil government is the protection of the rights of man, is not " dead and buried long ago," nor will it be until this government, instead of being a free' republic, becomes a religious despotism. But that this is what the Natio ial Reformers de-sire, is plainly shown by such utterances as that of Mr. Foster and that of Rev. Mr. Gray in the recent so-called Sabbath convention at Sedalia, Mo. That gentleman's language has been fre-quently quoted in the AMERICAN SENTINEL, but it will bear repeating again because everybody ought to know just what the National Reform Association and the American Sabbath Union have in view. Referring to the work of the lat-ter association, Mr. Gray said :Š " I do not believe that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law." This shows that their object is the complete subversion of the principles of government which have prevailed in this country, and to which we are indebted for the best and freest government on earth. Certainly there is nothing in such views to recommend them to those who love liberty, either civil or religious. C. P. BOLLMAN. Ł Ł Ł THE Prohibition Journal, of Iowa, is having an interesting discussion in its columns upon the re-lationship that should exist between the Prohibi- tion party and the National Reform movement. One correspondent was making some telling points against the National Reformers and their relig-ious legislation schemes, and a National Reform Prohibitionist made complaint to the Journal that religious issues should not be brought into the columns of a prohibition organ. But the Journal declares that it is a very important question, and one that ought to be settled at once. Whether the Prohibition party is to be an ally of the Na-tional Reform Association, or whether it is to hold  strictly to prohibition, and this, without any ques-tion as to the religious tenets, it says; "There was an evident tendency to incorporate in the party certain religious theories akin to those en-tertained by the National Reform Association. These came near being accepted at the Cedar Rapids convention," and "the same have since appeared in the Ringgold County Prohibition platform, and other evidences were not lacking that the party was heading in the direction of religious legislation." It declares that an Ad-ventist's vote for prohibition counts as much as a Wesleyan's or a Baptist's or a Presbyterian's. The Journal is right. Let it keep prohibition clear of religious legislation, and then it will be upon the :proper basis. Are Governments Holy? THE Christian Statesman of June 20 speaks of "God's holy ordinance of civil government, and the sacred office of the magistrate, who is the minister of God." It would be gratifying to have someone tell us where in the Bible they find any-thing about the "holy ordinance of civil govern-ment." But they ask, "Are not the powers that be ordained by God ?" Yes, but that does not prove that they are holy. Everything that comes from God is not holy. The trees of the forest and beasts of the field came from God; but they are not holy. God ordained and estab-fished the earth, yet it is not holy. God said to Moses, " Put off thy shoes from off thy feet; for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground." If the whole earth were " holy ground," there would be no meaning in these words. The Sab-bath is a holy day, but the fact that God made the day was not sufficient to make it holy. A special act of sanctification was required. God calls the Sabbath holy, but he does not call civil governments holy. In the twenty-second chapter of Ezekiel, God speaks about a certain class of people that "put no difference between the holy and profane." This text proves three facts. First, that there are some things which are holy, and some things which are profane, or secular; second, that there is a difference between them ; and, third, that there would be people who were unable to appre-ciate this difference. It will be seen by the twenty-sixth verse that Sabbath:breaking is the sin referred to. Those who use the Sabbath like a secular, or civil,' day "put no difference between the holy and profane." The Sabbath is a holy day; all the other days are profane days. This does not mean that there is anything sinful about them, but simply that God has never sanctified them as he did the Sabbath. The only sin in this connection comes from treating a holy or sanctified thing as though it were common, profane, or secular; that is, as though it had never been sanctified. Everything is profane, or secular, that God has not sanctified. He has sanctified the church, but he has never sanctified civil government. Our National Reform friends are now ready with another question, namely, " Is not the civil magistrate the minister of God ? " To this we reply, Yes, but that does not prove that either they or their office is sacred. We have proved that not everything which belongs to God or pro--ceeds from him is sacred. " The earth is the Lord's, and the fullness thereof" yet only such parts of the earth have been sacred as God has seen fit to sanctify by special acts upon ex-traordinary occasions. There is nothing in the 