268 Pr-HE AlVinFZICAN SENTINEL. when the family and the church fail to teach the Christian religion the failure is complete. The only thing that the State can do under such circumstances is by an exertion of power, the only means at its command, to check the tide of evil for a time, but it is only checked. It is like trying to dam up any other torrentŠit may be checked for a moment, only to break its bounds and become more destructive than before. The only real remedy is to begin at the fountain and purify the heart, which can be done only by the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ; for it is only faith in him that can purify the heart and cause the fountain to send forth the sweet waters of everlasting righteousness instead of the bitter stream of evil. This work, however, is committed to the church and not to the State; to the church is given the credentials and the ower for its accomplishment. from the be. that be= g re-ch of en in more e by by ie d, the on that ias prove unfait ul to d thet now she wants to ease herself of the responsi-bilty and pass it over to the State. But when they shall have gotten the State to take upon it-self the work of the church, what then do they intend that the church shall do ? That is the next question that arises; it is an important one, too, for the State to consider, but it is easily answered. When they once get the State to carry on and support the work of the church, the next step will be to get the State to support the church, and that in idleness, as every State has ever had to do, and will ever have to do, which takes upon itself the task of teaching religion. And this is precisely the thing that the National Reform Association, whose chief secretary stands the second time to-day in this room to plead for the adoption of. this Ł resolution, proposes that the State shall do. Rev. J. M. Foster, who has been fbr years a "district secretary" in active service in the work of that association, declares that among the duties which the reigning Mediator requires of nations, there is this :Š "An acknowledgment and performance of the Nation's duty to guard and protect the churchŠby suppressing all public violations of the moral law; by maintaining a system of public schools, indoctri-nating their youth in morality and virtue ; by ex-empting church property from taxation ; '"' and "by providing her funds out of the public treasury for carrying on her aggressive work at home, and in the foreign ileld."ŠChristianStatesman, February 21, 1884. That is the very point to which the State will be brought as surely as it ever takes it upon itself to teach religion. Therefore, if the government of the United States wants to keep forever clear of the galling burden of a lazy, good-for-nothing church, let it keep forever clear of any attempt to teach religion. But the statement upon which I am arguing was to the effect that if the church fails and the family fails, something must be done. Yes, it is true, something must be done; but it must be done by the church and not by the State. The church must return to her Lord. She must be endowed afresh with power from on high. Then she can take up with vigor and with pros-pect of assured success her long-neglected work. Let the preachers come down from their ten-thousand-dollar pulpits, lay aside their gold rings, and preach the gospel of Jesus Christ in the spirit of love of the Divine Master. Let them go to the common people, to the poor, to the out-cast, the neglected, and the forsaken. If to these they go in the spirit and with the mission of the Saviour, they will be heard gladly, as was he. There is no need to complain of the wickedness of the people. This Nation is not as wicked yet as was the Roman world in the day when Christ sent forth ids little band of disciples. Yet as wicked as the world then was, these few men went forth armed only with the word of God and the power of his Holy Spirit, to contend against all the wickednesS of the wide world; and by their abiding faith, their unabating earnestness, and their deathless zeal, they spread abroad the honors of that name to the remotest bounds of the then known world, and brought to the knowledge of the salvation of Christ multitudes of perishing men. If that little company,then could do so much and so well for the then known world, what could not this great host now do for the United States, if they would but work in the same way and by the same means. Yes, gentle-men, something must be done ; but it must be done by the church.; -for it never can be done by the State. Gentlemen, it is perfectly safe to say that no More important question has ever come before your committee than is this one which is before you to-day. It is a question that is approaching a crisis in more than. one of the States; and it is exceedingly important that the National Constitu-tion and laws and government be kept on the side of right, and the constitutions, laws, and governments of the States shall be lifted to the level of the Nation. A. T. 3. [To be ,Continued] Sabbath And Sunday. This " American Sabbath Union" wants a law enacted to enforce abstention from labor on Sunday. Though the Union itself professes to observe the day as a religious duty, in compli-ance with the command of the Almighty, as given through Moses, it wishes the State to com-mand its observance as "a rest day" solely as a measure of secular policy, for the physical and moral well-being of the body of the people. Ob-served in this way, however, Sunday will not be a sacred day. It will merely be a, holiday, and this, in fact, with very great numbers, is its signif-icance now. Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, in his sermons on the subject, says: "The right arm of the Union's work is to promote the religious Sabbath, the left arm is to preserve the civil Sabbath. The re-ligious Sabbath treats Sunday work and dissipa-tion as sins against God ; the civil Sabbath con-siders them only as crimes against man." This is not an ingenuous way of putting the statement. It is found impossible to enforce the doctrine that non-observance of Sunday is a sin against God, and now there is an effort to gain the point through indirection, by making failure to keep Sunday as a day of rest a crime against man. But if the State is not to enforce observance of Sunday as a sacred day, it cannot possibly make non-observance of Sunday a crime. It can ap-point Sunday as a day of weekly rest, a holiday after the manner of other holidays ; but if the day of weekly rest stands on this ground it may be observed or not, as persons may or may not wish to observe it. We have now many holidays, but their observance is Merely voluntary. The State, unless it forms an alliance with the church to declare non-observance of Sunday a sin against God, has no ,more ground for its command to men to rest on the Sunday holiday than on the Christmas holiday; and, in fact, since the require-ments of modern life make it desirable, and even necessary, that many activities shall continue without interruption of holidays or rest days, the people, or a majority of them, would not want the proposed Sunday law enforced, and hence it would not be enforced. A great many persons now rest on Sundays; some rest on other days of the week, as. convenience or op-portunity allows; and a great many of us would rest not only one day in the week, but seven clays in the week, if we could. Necessity, in one form or another, drives most of us to work and keeps us at it. From this necessity the State never can relieve us. We rest when we can, and work be-cause we can't help it. * * * * * The Christian world has changed the sacred day, the day of rest, from Saturday to Sunday. For this change there is not even the sem-blance of divine authority that appears in the sanction of the Jewish Sabbath. Nowhere in the New Testament is the substitution of Sunday for Saturday as "the Sabbath" authorized or en-joined. The first day of the week or Sunday, is mentioned only eight times in the New Testament, and in none of the texts is there the least hint that the day was sacred, or was thereafter to be so considered. In one place in the New Testa-ment mention is made of a religious meeting held. on the first day of the week. But throughout the New Testament the seventh day of the week is uniformly called the Sabbath, and there is no Ł command for the observance of the first day of the week as a holy or sacred clay. The author-ity for such observance rests partly on a usage of the early church, but chiefly on a decree of the Emperor Constantine who, in the year 321, when that union was made between Church and State which the world has ever since been trying to sever, ordained the union of the worship of Christ with the worship of Apollo, and commanded "rest on the venerable day of the sun." Sun worship, symbolized by the worship of Apollo as the god of the sun, was common throughout the Roman empire. The first day of the week, or Sunday, was the day devoted to this heathen worship. This form of idolatry was al-most universal throughout the ancient world. In Gibbon's History, chapter 20, we read: "The devotion of Constantine was peculiarly directed to the genius of the sun, the Apollo of Greek and Roman mythology; and he was pleased to be represented by the symbols of the god of light and poetry. The unerring shafts of that deity, the brightness of his eyes, his laurel wreath, im-mortal beauty and elegant accomplishments, seemed to point him out as the patron of a young hero. The altars of Apollo were covered with the votive offerings of Constantine; and the cred-ulous multitude were taught to believe that the emperor was :permitted to behold with mortal eyes the visible majesty of their tutelar deity; and that, either waking or in a vision, he was blessed with the auspicious omens of - a long and virtuous reign. The sun was universally ac-cepted as the invincible guide and protector of Constantine." The emperor, therefore, commanded the observ-ance of the day devoted to the worship of the sun, not as the Sabbath, which it was not, but under its Old astronomical and heathen title, Dies Solis, or the day of the sun, which it was. It was a 