290 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. tree was sent to Cmcilianus, empowering him to distribute the money to the minis- ters of "the legitimate and most holy Catholic religion," and to use the civil power to force the Donatists to submit to the decision of the councils and the em- peror. FOLLOWED INEVITABLY. The first step taken in the union of Church and State in the Roman Empire, subsequent steps followed, not only easily and naturally, but inevitably. Constan-tine favored Christianity at the first, just as a wholeŠ" the whole body of Chris-tians." And then he established a partic-ular sect, the " Catholic Church of the Christians," just as easily as he did the first. Just so certainly as the Supreme Court of the United States has established Christianity as the religion of this Nation, in exclusion of all other religions, just so certainly will it, or some other power, have to establish one particular sect in exclu-sion of all other sects. The Supreme Court hints at Protestantism; but if that is it, somebody will have to decide which sect of Protestantism it is. Madison and other statesmen of his time knew just as certainly as they knew any-thing, that if Christianity was established as the State religion there must be a par-ticular sect established, and everybody else be oppressed. Of the attempt to establish Christianity in Virginia, Madi-son wrote :Š Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians. And of such action he said :Š Instead of holding forth an asylum to the perse-cuted, it is itself a signal of persecution. Now mark; Madison and his compa-triots held this position; they had experi- enced this in their day. We have had some of it too in our day. They saw in the mere proposition to make Christianity the established religion of Virginia, "a signal of persecution." Just as certainly as the proposition to make Christianity the established religion of the State of Virginia was the signal of persecution in that State, just so certainly this Supreme Court decision making Christianity the religion of this Nation, is a signal of per-secution through all the Nation. But read again from Madison's remonstrance Distant as it may be in its present form from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last, in the career of intolerance. In that proposition to establish " the Christian religion " in Virginia, Madison and other lovers of liberty saw the Inqui-sition. What does the reader see in this decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, which establishes " the Christian religion " as the na-tional religion, and in the act of Con- gress which establishes as an essential part of Christianity the dogma that Sun-day is the Sabbath ? Just as certainly as that, back there, was a signal of persecu-tion, and persecution throughout the State, just so certainly are these a signal of perse-cution, and persecution through all the Na-tion. Just so certainly as that had in it the Inquisition, just so certainly these have in them the same thing. And just as certainly as that edict of Constantine had in it the Papacy, just so certainly have these in them an image or likeness to the PapacyŠan American papacy, dis- tinct from, but no better than, the Ro-man Papacy. KNEW IT WAS COMING. We knew it was coming. And this is why for years we so continuously and so earnestly protested, and warned the people, against it. We knew not exactly how this union of Church and State, or as some prefer to call it, of religion and the State, would be brought about; we only knew that it would come; but we knew enough about the evil thing, to be able to recognize it when it should be formed. We have protested against this great evil; and we still protest against it. We pro-test against the evil principle itself, and we protest and shall continue to protest against any and all the consequences of the principle. We had the right to protest against the establishment of a national religion; and we have the right to protest against this national religion now that it is established. In short, we have the divine and everlast-ing right to dissent from any and every religious organization on earth; and when the Government joins a religious organ-ization, we have the same right still; even to the extent of refusing obedience to the Government itself, in so far as it is joined to the religious organization. The one great object of the grand move-ment of the churches to secure govern-mental recognition of religion was to se-cure legislation by which Sunday observ-ance could be enforced throughout the Na-tion, backed up by national power and influence. We protested against their movement, and disputed their right, to use the governmental power for any such pur-pose. Now that they have secured it, we still dispute their right to use it. We had the right to dissent from their claim of right to use the. Government for any such pur-pose; and we have still the right to dissent from their use of the governmental power for this purpose. We had the right to re-fuse to keep Sunday when it was required by the churches without the aid of the Government; and we have the same right to refuse to keep it when it is required by the churches with the aid of the Gov-ernment. In other words, governmental aid of churches in enforcing their dogmas and ordinances can not take, away any man's right to dissent from those dogmas and ordinances. The Government does wrong in aiding the churches Ł and men do right in dissenting from both churches and Government in the things wherein they are allied. WHY THEY SOUGHT AID. It was lack of power to convince the people that they ought to keep Sunday as the Sabbath, that caused the churches to demand the governmental power to aid in compelling the people to do this. Lack-ing the power to persuade the people, the churches resorted to power to compel the people to observe the ordinance of the Church. The religious controversy, as to whether Sunday is a sacred day or not, has been going on in the United States longer than has the movement to secure the recognition or declaration of the Gov-ernment that it is sacred. Those who demand that Sunday shall be observed have admitted over and over again that there is no divine command for it. And the effort of these churches to secure the alliance and aid of the Government was only an effort to get the national Govern-ment to take their side of this controversy. They now have the Government committed to this. In the effort to gain this they have been boastful, and arrogant, and insolent,  enough, in all conscience, as has been abundantly shown by their own words all these years. If any one is inclined to think they will be any less so, now that they have their wish, then the writer only wishes that that one could have sat where he did, in the gallery of the House, when the final vote was taken by which Congress committed the Government to their side of the con-troversy, and could have seen and heard their exultation. In this act of closing the World's Fair on Sunday, Congress has distinctly taken sides in a theological controversy. Con-gress in this, and the Supreme Court in its decision, have committed the Govern-ment of the United States to the decision of a religious question. Neither the act of Congress nor the decision of the Supreme Court, will convince the Jew, or the Christian who observes the seventh day, that Sunday should be observed. No more will the National Reformers be able to convince these with the aid of the power which these acts give, to inflict pains and penalties upon dissenters. We disagreed with the National Reformers before; we disagree with them now. We denied before that Sunday should be ob-served; we deny now that it should be ob-served. We refused before to keep Sun-day; we refuse now to keep Sunday. We denied before, the National Reform claim of right to use the governmental power to compel anybody to keep Sunday; and al-though they have secured the use of the power, we deny now their right to use it. COMMITTED TO A FALSEHOOD. All these years we have denied the right of Congress to legislate in behalf of Sun-day or any other religious rite or institu-tion. We denied this wholly upon princi-ple. We protested against Sunday legis-lation because it is religious legislation. We would have protested equally if it had been proposed to legislate in behalf of any other religious day. We can appeal to the life of THE SENTINEL as clear evi-dence that this has always been the one prominent feature and reason of our pro-test against Sunday legislation. And as long as the question had maintained this standing only, so long would this have still been the prominent feature of our protest. But now Congress has legislated upon the subject. Congress has now de-cided, and has committed the Government to the decision, that Sunday is the Sabbath and shall be observed. And now we pro-test against it, not only because it is re-ligious legislation, but also, because it is not true. In this act Congress has com-mitted itself and the Government to a falsehood. Sunday is not the Sabbath. Sunday is not the Lord's day. Sunday is not in any sense a sacred day. As before stated, the chiefest advocates of this Sunday legisla-tion admit in writing that there is no di-vine command for the observance of Sun-day in any way. They know that the only authority for it is the authority of the Church. And if they do not know, Ł they, and everybody else who will look into the question, may learn that " the church" which is authority for Sunday sacredness is the Catholic Church, and that alone. And they 'may likewise know that professed Protestants who keep Sunday, are following the authority of the Catholic Church, and that alone, for there is no other authority for Sunday observance whether by church rulers or govern-mental statute. And Congress in requir- 