26 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Constitution which asserts the freedom of conscience, and the right of the citizen to worship as he wills. The declaration of rights says, in words which none can mistake, that it is the natural and indefeasible right of all men, and of every man, to worship as they will, while the statute declares that all men shall not worship as they will but as the law wills, and it is the will of the law that they shall -render the homage of their weekly rest on Sunday, the first day of the week. If the conscience of the Jew, the Seventh-day Adventist, or the Seventh-day Baptist, dictates to him that he shall worship his God by resting from labor on the seventh day, which is the Sabbath of the Lord his God, the statute law of Ten-nessee interferes and declares that he shall render homage to the statutes of Tennessee, by refraining from work or amusement on Sunday, the first day of the week, the sacred day of the code of Tennessee. Thus the code does "interfere with the rights of conscience " which the Constitution has said is outside the scope of human author-ity. Ever since the Sabbatic law was given to Adam in Eden there have been those upon the earth who have observed it. They who follow that custom belong to the most.  ancient " religious establish-ment " and follow the most venerable ." method of worship " upon earth, and yet in spite of this, and in defiance of its constitutional declaration, the State of Tennessee not only gives preference to another mode of worship, but at the same time by so doing, selecting the distinguish-ing difference between the two as a sub-ject of legislation, distinctly discriminates against the older form. Not only there-fore are the rights of conscience con-travened, but a preference is given, by law, to one religious establishment and mode of worship over another. Under these statutes numerous convic-tions have been had of those who profess no religion and have no respect for the sacredness of any divinely appointed rest day; of those who acknowledge a nominal fealty to what they understand to be the Christian religion, and recognize Sur lay observance to be its distinguishing out-ward mark, though they themselves have failed in strict obedience to it; of those who, in spirit and truth, are loyal to their religious convictions, and render their worship to God upon the seventh day which He commanded, thus remembering the Sabbath dayŠand, holding in mind the frequent divine remonstrances against sun worship, refuse homage to the day which is the sign of that idolatry, and has been from all time the "wild solar holiday." Upon these three classes the statute law of Tennessee bears with equal inequity; so far as the civil discrimination is against them, and in favor of that class, which recognizes the power of the State to establish a religious rest day and ac-quiesces in the selection of the day of the  sun in which to yield that observance. That the framers of the Constitution of the State of Tennessee dimly perceived the injustice, of which they had convicted the statute law, is in evidence through the insertion, in the Constitution of 1870, of a clause which the previous Constitution did not contain. ARTICLE 11, SEC. 15. No person shall in time of peace be required to perform any service to the public on any day set apart by his religion as a day of rest. The perceptions of these legislators were obtuse to the abstract truth of the prin-ciples expressed in Section 3 of the Bill of Rights, and they were unequal to a com-prehension of their breadth, but they did. see that under the existing statute law an injustice was liable to be done, therefore they inserted this clause in the fundamen-tal law. While this only multiplied still farther the legal inconsistencies of civil interference in religious matters, it shows conclusively that they realized wrong might be done under existing laws, and desired to cure the error as far as they saw it. Under this section equal and exact jus-tice to all, would of course require that no one be compelled, by law, to rest on any day not set apart by his religion as a day of rest, for this clause establishes by inference the fact that, to the minds of those who drew it, whatever day a man's religion set apart for a rest day was his legal Sabbath, and in their minds the one stood in the same relation, legally, to his Sabbath as the other to his Sunday. The logical deduction from this then is, that as no preference can be shown to either re-ligious view, therefore, if one party is re-stricted from labor on the rest day of the other, then the other must be restricted from labor on the rest day of the first. The legal obligation is mutual, and if the restriction applies in one case it must in the other. But the reduction of this, to its necessary resultant, only adds to the maze of inconsistencies and antagonisms. The Constitution of the State of Ten-nessee is, consequently, divided against itself and the statute law of the State is in antagonism to a principle declared con-stitutionally fundamental. Decisions have been had along the line of these legal de-flections, and a body of precedent has grown up in the State reports, which is the accepted law of the courts, and is now upheld by the decision of the Supreme Court of the State, and the Circuit Court of the United States, irrespective of the question of whether it is in conflict with constitutional principles or not. The conditions resulting from such a legal and judicial situation must deviate more and more from the normal as they develop. It is a question worthy of the serious consideration of constitutional lawyers and jurists, as to where such a course is leading. The people will find the result of vital importance to them when the error has had its perfect work, W. H. M. Christ's Kingdom Not of This World. IN arguing, as the National Reformers, of various schools do, that Christ is now this world's king, they utterly ignore the teaching of the Scriptures upon the sub-ject, and make utter confusion among the many texts that refer to the subject. It is true that very many scriptures do speak. of Christ as king. He is declared to be " King of kings, and Lord of lords ;" but that he is such now in the sense of ruling over the nations of this earth, other than by his divine providence, the word of God does not teach. In fact it does directly avow the contrary, as it is the purpose of this article to show. Certain texts in the book of Daniel are frequently referred to to prove that Christ is now king of this world, for instance, Dan. 4 : 17, and yet no book teaches more plainly the contrary. In the second chap-ter of Daniel is recorded a vision which was given to Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon,t  by means of a dream, which was subsequently interpreted by Daniel, a prophet of the most high God. In his dream the king saw a great image with head of gold, breast and arms of silver, belly and thighs of brass, legs of iron, and feet part of iron and part of clay. The different parts of this image, the prophet declared, represented kingdoms. To Nebuchadnezzar he said, " Thou art this head of gold." Not that Nebuchad-nezzar as an individual or even as king was the head of gold, but that he stood for the kingdom which was represented by the golden head; for the prophet im-mediately added (verses 39, 40), "And after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee, and another third king-dom of brass, shall bear rule over all the earth. And the fourth kingdoin shall be strong as iron," etc. It is, however, unnecessary for the pur-pose of this article to take time to identify these kingdoms; they are almost univer-sally held by Protestants to be Babylon, Medo-Persia, Grecia, and Rome. Even the historian Gibbon recognized this fact, and describing Rome uses almost the lan-guage of the prophet, thus :Š The arms of the Republic sometimes vanquished in battle, always victorious in war, advanced with rapid steps to the Euphrates, the Danube, the Rhine, and the ocean ; and the images of gold, or silver, or brass, that might serve to 'represent the nations or their kings, were successively broken by the ,iron monarchy of Rome. But it is, as before stated, unnecessary to dwell upon this point. The reader will grant at once that the empires named were the ones symbolized by the image, and probably ask what this has to do with the National Reform theory that Christ is now this world's king. Very much; for in the vision of the image is brought to view also the division of the Roman em-pire into ten parts, which was not accom-plished till more than four hundred years after the first advent of Christi and it is 