104 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NOT long ago a well-meaning critic of the AMERICAN SENTINEL took exception to some things the SENTINEL was saying of the policy of the present American admin-istration, and in support of the objection cited the Scripture text "thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy people." This only illustrates the necessity for such a publi-cation as the SENTINEL is designed to be. There is no "ruler" of the American people. This is a government of the people by the people. But there are powerful forces actively at work in the Government which if not checked must very soon result in creating a ruler for the people and turn this Republic into a monarchy. There are those in high political office who are willing to assume and accept power to which they have no right, and make themselves actual rulers of the people if the people are not vigilant to preserve their rights. And right at this time, when vigilance and a clear discernment of the situation are so much needed, there are many who, like our critic, have the idea that to criticise the acts of the administration is to speak evil of the ruler of the people. That is just why it is nec-essary to call attention to the departure from republi-can principles in the Government. The SENTINEL is only pointing out that there is no "ruler" of the Amer-ican people, and ought to be none; and if the people would view what it says in the proper light, they would be aroused to prevent the consummation of the monarch-ical movement that is in progress. But if already they have the idea that the Executive at Washington is a ruler of the people instead of their servant, what hope can there be for the maintenance of free government unless they can be aroused to their error ? * There are, and should be, rulers of the American people, but no ruler; there should be government "by the people" of the people, but no government of the people by one man, or by any scheme which does not allow full popular representation. * * NEGOTIATIONS which have been in progress for some time ,with Great Britain, in respect to rights claimed by  the latter touching the prospective Nicaragua Canal, have been concluded, and the United States is to build and operate the canal. But it is-realized that the canal must be fortified to guard American interests in case of war with a naval power; and this question will receive the attention of the Government. And now an engineer who has been connected with the preliminary work already done comes forward and says the best way would be for the United States to annex Nicaragua and,  Costa Rica; and then "we would be able to do whatever we wished regarding the canal." This is very sugges-tive of more "expansion." A CORRESPONDENT inquires how we can know which day is the seventh day commanded to be observed as the Sabbath. "Unless a record of the seventh day has been kept from creation down,"he says, "no one can tell when the seventh day comes round." * There are several proofs by which our friend can determine just when the seventh day comes round. * * First, the seventh day is the day immediately pre-ceding the first day of the week. We never heard that anybody had any trouble in locating the first day of the week; and as the indefiniteness of the seventh day is always asserted as an argument for the observance of the first day, the latter is conceded to be a definitely-located day, and from this as a basis the seventh day may be found, as stated. * * * But if our inquirer does not make his statement in behalf of Sunday, but believes the first day to be as indefinite as the seventh day, then we can cite him to the fact that not only has a record of the original seventh day been kept from creation down, but the seventh day itself has been so kept. * The original seventh day was the seventh day from the beginning of creation; and the setting apart of that; day as the Sabbath for mankind, made the week. The weekly cycle of time has existed frdm Adam's day to our own. The Creator blessed and sanctified (set apart) the original seventh dat, and his law declares, "the seventh day"Šthe one he blessed and sanctifiedŠ"is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and commands "in -it thou shalt not do any work." If the original seventh day were to. become lost, this part of the divine law would fail,. because men could not remember to keep holy a Sabbath day which they had lost track of and could not find; and 