Al\AVi?..ICAN sVNTINEL. 395 unite Church and State, that is the Roman Catholic Church and the State. There is a much broader application of these facts than this which restricts the warning to be derived from them solely to the en-croachments of the Romish propaganda. The Mail and Express is itself the mouth-piece of a religious party in politics, pre-cisely similar in purpose to that which is professedly papal,Ša party of monopoly in political religion which says, that Roman ecclesiasticism must not rule be-cause Protestant ecclesiasticism must rule, and when Protestantism asserts its right to civil rule it becomes no longer Protes-tant but Romish. The publications are many, and the organizations almost legion, which are rapidly making the politics of this country a battle of religions, and already it can be said, in some degree, of the representatives of the people in Con-gress, that their position can be told on any new issue, as soon as it can be seen how it affects the religious sentiment of their constituency. W. H. 1VE. Should Sabbath Observance be Enforced by Law? [Continuation of the negative argument, delivered at the an-nual contest of the Philomath and Adelphia Literary Societies of Westminster College, New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, June 24, 1891. by A. L Russell (Philo.), Bulger, Pa.] IN the Massachusetts reports (p. 224) we find the Supreme Court deciding that the repairing of a highway on Sabbath was permissible. The Indiana Supreme Court (p. 189) declares the hauling and boiling of sugar water on Sabbath allowable; and the same court (p. 416) decides that melons may be gathered on Sabbath in conformity with their Sabbath laws, and civil observ-ance under the same. The Ohio Supreme Court holds the care of crops in bad weather to be compatible with civil ob-servance. Judge Stowe, of Pennsylvania, in the case of Commonwealth vs. Gillespie, decides that oil wells may be pumped on the Sabbath day. How do such decisions tally with the command, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy ?" And only when holily kept can it be said to be observed. Then, by the express declaration of the Supreme Courts, it is strictly compatible with the State idea of Sabbath observance, to pump oil wells, boil sugar water, gather melons, work on the public roads, haul in crops, run glass and iron works, and do any other work pecuniary interest de-mands. Our Pennsylvania Supreme Court moreover decides that " necessity is totally incapable of any sharp definition and can only be approximately defined," and that " the courts never inquire whether such work is necessary or whether through improvements such labor may be aban-doned." If such labor constitutes Sabbath ob-servance, what would constitute Sabbath desecration ? It is the height of absurdity  to support such a claim for a moment. It is not observance at all. Yet it is the ob-servance civil law secures, and, by the quoted confession of the courts, the best they can secure through Sabbath laws. Then it inevitably follows that the civil law does not secure true observance, or observance acceptable to God. The realm of religion is the soul. The manifestation of religion is worship, and worship is voluntary homage. Man's nat-ure, constituted in accordance with the divine plan of salvation, the basis of which is love, revolts from the use of force in the observance of religious institutions; for force destroys the essential element of all worship and relegates the coerced victim's vow to the realm of hypocritibal mummery, and that is spiritual and eter-nal death. God repudiates all force, and sums up his conception of human duty in that criterion of all religionŠthe moral lawŠthe sum of which is perfect love to God and man. The great Expounder of that law when on earth, would not ally his cause with the civil power. Resisting attempted force, he says, " My kingdom is not of this world." "Who made me a judge to rule over you ?" "They that take the sword shall perish by the sword." Nor does the true disciple seek to light his temple with such unhallowed fire; for it is to be illumed by other and holier lights. Yet some professed Christians seem to think 'Christ's religion of love best incul-cated by force. We have proven the Sab-bath a' purely 'religious institution. It must be admitted that Christianity re-pudiates all force in the observance of its institutions. Then it inevitabiy follows that Christianity repudiates the use of force in the observance of the Sabbath. Yet, in defiance of the fundamental ideas and plainest precepts of Christianity, some of its professors advocate the use of force. Crying out in alarm at the desecration of the day they deem sacred, they seek for the penalties of law in hope of aid, well knowing that were the hearts right there would be no profanation. But the heart is made right only by the boundless grace, which they trample underfoot when turn-ing from it to court the favor of secular law. Bishop Vincent says: " The Church makes a great mistake when it seeks to influence temporal power. All the Church wants is spiritual power, and this goes out when temporal power is, invoked." The Christian rightly claims protection in the exercise of his religion, but protection does not mean support, patronage, or regulation of religion in any way. Chris-tian, Jew, and pagan have a right to the protection of the law, but none of them to its support. No one has the right to force on others the observance of the in-stitutions of his religion, nor punish others for the profanation of a day he deems sacred. Every true Christian repudiates  the doctrine of force, as foreign to the Christian religion. But the advocates of coercive religion say that " without the coercion of law, the Sabbath would soon be generally dese-crated." This we deny. It contradicts facts, history, and experience. The true Christian observes his Sabbath, be it the first or seventh day, because he is a Chris-tian, not because it is enjoined by civil law. In localities without such laws, or having them as nullities, the Lord's day is generally observed. California has no Sabbath laws. I read from Rev. Mr. Crafts's " Sabbath for Man," that a San Francisco pastor gives as answer to the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance ? " " Among the Christian people of California; the characteristics of their Sabbath observance are reverence, tempered with love; joyousness and rare fidelity in. Christian service; Christlike ministration to those in trouble, want, and sorrow." And in another place Mr. Crafts himself says, "A better public sentiment is the only sure defense," thus proving that the observance of the Sabbath does not depend on civil law. The distinction between protection of the Sabbath and enforced observance of the Sabbath is vast. It is fully pro-tected by laws. against disturbing church and religious meetings ; against uproars, riots, and quarrels. Yet these are not Sabbath laws, according to the Ameri-can Bar Association. It is public opin-ion, and not law, that makes the Sab-bath respected. Without this opinion the proposed law could not be enforced ; with it no law is needed. For, since all institu-tions, whether legalized or not, are en-forced only as public opinion sanctions such enforcement, it is to the people true Christianity makes its appeal, and not to the law. Philosophy teaches us to deal with causes, and not with effects. The Sabbath law deals with effects alone; and since it neither aims at, nor is able to reach, the cause, it is useless. THERE is a class of erratic-minded re-ligionists in our country whose mere feel-ing, or what they misconceive .to be con-science, disquiets them, often to the ex-tent of making them refuse to accept public trusts in the national and State ser-vices, or to sit even as jurors; and this because the Constitution, in their fancy, omits to establish, as by human positive law, that God exists; and, which would then ultimately and inevitably come to pass, take the Church of Christ, as was done by Roman-imperial and by Norman policy, under the oppressive and malign patronage of the civil service.ŠChief Justice Shea. "Evil, is most dangerous when it looks most like good." 