AM STIRPEIS   ED," Says Prof. E. A. Sheldon, President of the New York State Normal School, Oswego, "That so much that is valuable for one to know is brought into so small a compass, and sold for so small a cost." THE NEW WEBSTER DICTIONARY AND COMPLETE VEST-POCKET LIBRARY IS FULL OF HAPPY SURPRISES. It Successfully Combines in One Small Volume of Vest-Pocket Size, A DICTIONARY OF 45,800 WORDS, A COMPLETE PARLIAMENTARY MANUAL, (Based on Roberts' and Cushing's) A LITERARY CUIDE, ETC. Ł . Ł •  . Ł •  . For the VEST POCKET or the WRITING DESK. MARCH 14, 1895. Š 11EASTIDV Š    A1EtIL2   FL Š teacher in a collegiate school in British Co-lumbia got into difficulty while explaining to one of his classes in English history, the doc-trine of transubstantiation, and narrowly es-caped six months' suspension. This shows the difficulty connected with teaching in a school at which both Protestant and Roman Catholic children are scholars." From the same source we learn that a little breeze has been created in Montreal and Ottawa anent the " requiem mass" which was sung in the Roman Catholic Church at the latter city for the repose of the soul of Sir John Thompson. It was a State affair, the expenses being borne by the government. Of course, Protestants feel annoyed that $1,000 should be taken from public funds for such a purpose. Nobody objects to the Roman Catholics enjoying such services, providing that the church, and not the public, bear the cost.ŠNew York Ob-server, Feb. 21. Ł 4. Ł " Arm in Arm with Lizzie," etc. WE are much interested to observe that our highly esteemed contemporary, the Presbyte-rian, of which the Rev. S. A. Mutchmore, D. D., LL. D., is one of the editors and proprie-tors, is recognizing the important office of music in the service of religion, and is offer-ing a tasteful selection of songs and rounde-lays, doubtless with a view to promote the interests of the church, and extend his paper's circulation and influence among the masses. In the list of premiums offered we notice such sacred gems as the following :Š Arm in Arm with Lizzie. Flirting in the Starlight Waltz. Hoppity, Kickity, High and Low. Champagne Charlie. I'm a Hustler Just the Same. Johnney Doolan's Cat. Honey Don't You Grieve. I've Been There Myself. Tara-ra Boom De-ay. You Should Have Seen Her Boots. Pious Orgies. They Discharged Him Because He Was Old, These are but a few of the many charming, not to say rollicking, melodies which our Philadelphia contemporary offers to a waiting constituency; confident, it would seem, that Presbyterians generally will hasten to obtain a family repertory so promotive of a lively Sun- day afternoon around the piano. Just where these chaste ballads should come in, in a home service of praise which might include the reading of a few editorials from the Presby- terian, we must leave for it to determine. We have the word of the tuneful Watts that reli-gion never was designed to make our pleas-ures less, and perhaps selections from the Presbyterian's Premium Hymnal might solve the problem of the evening service! The sing-ing of these agreeable ballads would surely have a tendency to " fill the galleries " quite as much, perhaps, as a sermon from the great patriarch of our last assembly.ŠThe Evangel-ist, Feb. 2,8. SPEAKING against the proposed legislation to open the -rum-shops in this city on the Lord's day, the Reverend Doctor Banks, pas-tor of the Hanson Place Methodist Episcopal Church in Brooklyn, said in his sermon last Sunday: " All honor to the large company of Roman Catholic priests who have announced so clearly their warfare against the Sunday sa-loon. Let every honest, pure-minded Protes-tant and Catholic, Jew and Gentile, unite on a determined effort to defeat this unholy purpose." In this movement against Sunday saloons, as in all others for the best interests of the city, Catholics are eager to cooperate with Protestants, Jews, and Gentiles. For good government we are all fellow-citizens.---Catholic Review, March FINE RED CLOTH, Red Edges, - 25 cents MOROCCO, Gold Edges, - 50 cents The Gospel . . . . in Creation. BY E. J. WAGGONER. A nicely illustrated work setting forth clearly and simply the relation between God's work in creation and redemption. By this study it is seen that the faith of the Christian does not rest upon the soundness 'of any theory which the advance of science may render obsolete, but is established upon indis-putable facts which are known to all men. Further, the signs of power and greatness that mark the handiwork of God in the visible universe are shown to be but indications of the unfailing strength with which he works in the lives of those who submit to his will. The confirmation r f the truths of the gospel drawn from the study of the creation will make this book a valuable one 10 all who are watching with interest the attacks that are now made on the authority of the Bible. PRICEŠCloth, . Ł Ł 40 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. EXTRA MOROCCO, With Perpetual Memorandum, Three - years' Calendar, Stamp Holder, etc., - 60 cents Christian : - Education. By Mrs. E. G. W HI TE. THE MOST COMPLETE and . . Ł Ł Ł COMPREHENSIVE WORK On the subject of CHRISTIAN EDUCATION that has ever been published. Starting from the period of history, it points out the most successful way of preparing the mind of the child for the work of succeeding years. The importance of proceeding upon Christian principles in the work of education, the nature and kind of studies which are best for children, and the molding influences of home and associates, are dwelt upon in, the most practical and explicit way. Many of the problems that per-plex parents are cleared up in this book, and every one who has to deal with children should procure and study it. 256 pages, nicely bound In cloth, - 50c. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Just What Everybody Needs for Every-day Use. : DO NOT DELAY TO ORDER. Sent post-paid as follows: ALL THREE STYLES ARE INDEXED. Address all orders to  Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond Street, New York City. 