AUGUST 13, 1896. 251 " NUISANCE" AND THE SUNDAY " LAW " OF TENNESSEE. THERE is, as the SENTINEL has frequently explained, no statute in Tennessee authorizing any such proceedings as are taken in regard to Sunday work; but the courts of that State have held that the common law covers the ground, and so have sustained such indict-ments for nuisance where the evidence was sufficient to prove " habitual " Sunday labor, that is, labor more than twice within a year on Sunday. The first attempt to maintain an action of this kind in Tennessee failed, the Supreme Court holding that white Sunday work was contrary to the statute, and, therefore, fina-ble under the law forbidding secular labor on that day, it was not a nuisance, and was not subject to indictment as such. And the court further held, as have also like courts in other States, that statute law takes precedence of common law, and that were a statute exists on any subject, it and not the common law inu3t-  govern. The case referred to was that of a barber, not an Adventist, who kept open shop on Sunday. The date of the case we have not now at hand. But it stood alone for several years, until some changes occurred on the Supreme Bench of the State, when another case was brought in 1885; this time against W. H. Parker, a Seventh day Adventist, re- siding at Springville, in Henry County, Ten- nessee. The indictment charged Parker with fol- lowing his common vocation, that of black-smith, publicly upon Sunday, in the month of April, 1885, and upon other Sundays pre-vious to that,Šin fact, that it was his usual habit to work in his shop on the first day of the week; and to this accusation no demur was made. Upon trial in the Circuit Court of Henry County, Parker was convicted, and an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court, where the judgment of the Circuit Court was confirmed, the Supreme Court holding that the repetition of the acts of Sunday labor constituted a nuisance, and thus became in- dictable. It does not appear from the records of this case that either the court or the attorneys were aware of the previous decision in the barber's case. It seems to have been entirely overlooked, as no mention is made of it in the report of the case in 16 Lea, page 476. The defense relied upon seems to have been that the defendant kept another day, namely, Saturday, agreeably to the fourth command-ment; and that nobody was disturbed by the work. The first of these was of course over-ruled, for it is a well established principle of law, that "a man cannot escape punishment for the violation of a positive statute by setting up a religious obligation which he believes is upon him to violate it." The reason for this rule is thus stated by Prof. James T. Ring- gold:Š We have no conceivable way of getting at a man's belief except through his own statement of it; this must be accepted as conclusive, and there can be no denial or impeachment of the evidence. Hence, if any other rule were adopted we should have this reductio absurdum, that all any man arraigned for crime would have to do would be to say that he reŁ ligiously believed that it was his duty to commit the crime, and he must therefore be fouhd not guilty. The Tennessee court did not err in refusing to entertain the religious defense. But it seems equally clear that on the other point the court was guilty of an unjust and absurd.  ruling. In the opinion the court said :Š The statute makes it unlawful for any one of the enumerated classes to follow his ordinary secular vo-cation on the Sabbath day, because it is immoral and  is of pernicious effect, and, though it may be conceded a single offense may-be liable only to the penalty prescribed by the statute, yet a succession of such acts Ł becomes a nuisance and is indictable; such a succession and repetition of the acts are shown in this case, as one witness says, that defendant did work at his trade, as blacksmith, in his shop near Springville, every Sunday, and others testify to similar acts on many Sundays, within twelve months before the find-ing of this indictment. Nor is it necessary to a con-viction that the proof should show that any person was disturbed thereby. It is sufficient that the acts, which the law holds as illegal and forbidden, have been done in such public manner as to have been open to the observation of the public. A nuisance that does not annoy is an ab-surdity. The definition of the term is: " That which annoys or gives trouble and vexation; that which is offensive or noxious." It is doubtless true that some people in the neighborhood of Springville were annoyed in a certain sense by the knowledge that Mr. Parker worked in his shop near that village on Sunday; but it was not in a sense that the law of Tennessee originally undertook to for-bid. The annoyance would have been just the same had they known that he habitually worked in his cellar, or that he hoed in his garden behind a high board fence. It was the same kind of annoyance that the Protes- tant might experience in seeing his neighbor going to mass or to confession; or that the Episcopalians felt a century ago in Virginia at seeing Baptists immersing people; it was 'the annoyance of religious intolerance; and of such annoyance the State of Tennessee has no right under her Constitution, to take cog- nizance. Sec. 3, Art. 1, of the Constitution of the State of Tennessee provides "that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious estab- lishment or mode of worship." Sunday-keeping is an essential part of the worship of a number of different sects; and when, by law, they ,are protected in that worship to the extent that nobody is permitted to work while they pray, or even while they rest, it is cer-tain that a preference is given by law to their mode of worship. A law requiring every- body to pay some deference to Good Friday would be no more in the interests of Roman Catholicism than is the Sunday law in the interests of those sects who regard the days as sacred to rest and worship. Such laws are clearly forbidden by the Constitution of the State of Tennessee. Not only is it absurd to maintain that something is a nuisance which annoys no one, but it is equally absurd, under the Constitution of Tennessee, to maintain that the State has 'any right to take cogni-zance of annoyance to the religious feelings or prejudices of anybody, unless the annoy-ance were of such a character as to properly constitute a breach of the peace. But even the law against breach of the peace is sometimes made to serve the interests of religious intolerance. From 1768 to 1775 Baptists were frequently arrested in Virginia, charged with " disturbing the peace." The disturbance consisted in holding religious services, baptizing by immersion, etc. Rude fellows of the baser sort would gather, on these occasions, and being encouraged by the well-known prejudice against the Baptists, if not actually incited to disorder by members of other churches, would indulge in violent demonstrations, hooting and throwing sticks and stones. For this the poor Baptist minis-ters were arrested and punished on the charge of " disturbing the peace," while their tor-menters, the real offenders against the civil order, went scot-free. In the Tennessee nui-sance case against Adventists, the history of religious intolerance is simply repeating itself. American colonial history is exceedingly  fruitful in illustrations of how religious in-tolerance has sought to shield itself behind civil considerations, and justify persecutions on the ground of protecting public morals and preserving the peace and dignity of the State. In " The Emancipation of Massachu-setts," Brooks Adams relates how the clergy of that colony " used the cry of heresy to excite odium, just as they called their oppo-nents Antinomians or dangerous fanatics," to stir up the people against them. "Though the scheme was unprincipled," says Mr. Adams, " it met with complete success, and the Antinomians have come down to posterity branded as deadly enemies of Christ and the commonwealth: yet nothing is more certain than that they were not only good citizens, but substantially orthodox." Of course the motive of the clergy was wholly religious, yet they made it appear that while they were concerned for what they regarded as the true faith, they were equally interested in the welfare of the colony. Henry Dunster, the first president of Har-vard College, did not believe in infant bap-tism, and for this he was indicted and con-victed on the charge of disturbing church ordinances. -The disturbance was as real as is the disturbance charged 'in Tennessee against the Seventh-day AdventistsŠit was all in the minds of those who, having control of legislation, were determined that the civil power should be used in support, to some extent at least, of their tenets. Dunster was driven out as an enemy of the commonwealth, and died in poverty and neglect. In 1651, John Cotton denounced certain Baptists as " foul murtherers" because they denied infant baptism. And in "The Eman-cipation of Massachusetts," page 116, we are told that under the Puritan commonwealth, the moment a man " refused implicit obedi-ence, or above all, if he withdrew from his congregation, he was shown no mercy, because such acts tended to shake the temporal power." " Therefore," says the same writer, page 118, " though Winslow solemnly protested before the commissioners at London that Baptists who lived peaceably would be left unmolested, yet such of them as listened to foul mur-therers' were denounced as dangerous fanatics who threatened to overthrow the government, and were hunted through the country like wolves." Similar facts might be given at almost any length, both in the history of the American colonies and in that of England and other countries, but enough has been said to show that religious intolerance ever seeks to hide its hideous face behind some civil law, and to justify its crimes against humanity on the ground of public necessity; but nobody is deceived except the poor bigots themselves. Everybody else knows full well the real mo-tive. GOD IN "OUR POLITICS." THERE is a call for God to come into "our politics." Says the Independent : "W e want God in our business as well as in our churches; in our amusements as well as in our devotions; in our politics most of all." [Italics ours.] Yes, " we " want God in "our politics"; this doubtless speaks the mind of every polit-ical party in the land. But the trouble is, no one party wants God in the politics ofŁ the other parties; because, of course, " our pol-itics" are the right politics, and ought to pre-vail, while the politics of the (perhaps) honest but sadly deluded ether parties will only bring the country to ruin. Yes; we want God in " our politics"; and so strong is our desire 