138 AMERICAN SENTINEL. to-disturb the peace equilibrium of Euro-pe by an increase in armament must be bound by mutual agreement in the matter, or there will be left an advantage to one or more powers over the others; and no power will consent to be placed at a disadvantage for the sake of anything there is in the scheme of the czar. So unless the mind of the Italian government can be changed, it would seem either that the Vatican will be left out or that the congress will not be held at all. The omission of a papal delegate would not, of course, be considered such an obstacle to success as in the case of Italy, since the pope commando no large army or navy, and has nothing to do directly with the increase of military armaments. Buy if the papal ;:representative is left out, this will be in effect a snub upon the Vatican; which is what the Italian government desires. The temporal and spiritual powers in Italy have for years been studiously snubbing each other, and the czar's peace congress offers an oppor-tunity for one or the other to gain a decided advantage in this respect. The Vatican desires to Ł be recognized among the powers of Europe. She claims the right to temporal dominion in common with those powers, and to be invited to sit and participate with them in the dis-eussion of international problems, must have some effect in furthering this claim which she has so long and ear-nestly maintained. All these features of the situation are of course obvious to the diplomats of Europe, and between them the scheme for disarmament seems to be placed in a dilemma where only the most skillful diplom-acy can save it from failure at the start. The Filipinos Ready for the Gospel. ACCORDING to press dispatches of recent date, the American Bible Society is in receipt of information which shows that the Filipinos, previous to the outbreak,of war with the United States, were ready to welcome the labors of Protestant missionaries and were desirous of conforming to Protestant principles in government. The information comes from the Rev. John R. Hykes, D. D., who recently visited the islands as the Bible So-ciety's agent. It is stated that "a young man who was corres-pondent for one of the leading Chinese newspapers during the war, writes him from Hong Kong that the Filipino congress has passed by a large majority a bill providing for complete religious liberty in the Philippine Islands, and the entire separation of the church from the state. " He states that in course of conversation with one of Aguinaldo's intimate native friends, he was assured that the Filipinos will extend a hearty welcome to Prot-estant missionaries, of whose religion they know only enough, he says, to convince them that it is a truer and  far more elevating faith than that which has hitherto been taught in their unhappy islands. "Aguinaldo's special representative in the Hong-Kong colonyŠsaid to be a most courteous and well-meaning gentlemanŠtold him that Aguinaldo would be glad to give any-help in his power to ministers of the gospel (Protestant) desirous to proceed to the islands. `Ask them to come to see me,' said Aguinaldo, 'so that I may talk with them and give them letters which will be of use to them.' " A Christian young man in the United States army at Manila writes to Dr. Hykes that the people are an-xious to receive the Bible. Some Bible distributors went up to the terminus of the railroad with about one thou-sand gospels, and after distributing about half of them from the car window on the way up, they attempted to pass the remainder out to people on the streets; but a crowd collected, and they were forced to go into a Chinese shop and bar the door, and pass the books out through an iron-barred window. " Books are not plentiful in the provincial dialects, and such as are obtainable are quite expensive; so the people were quite anxious to get books at a reasonable price. " The gospels referred to were 'in" the Pangasinan dialect, and some two thousand copies were disposed of in a few days. It is said to be gratifying that the Filip-ino congress has realized the fact that, if the natives are to have any part in the government of the islands, they must grant absolute religious freedom, because this is Americanism, as distinct from the union of church and state under Spanish sovereignty." How unfortunate the present outbreak of hostilities is, cannot be fully understood apart from the facts here stated. The Filipino congress "passed by a large ma-jority a bill providing for complete religious liberty," and " the entire separation of the church from the state" in the islands. That is Protestantism and that is Ameri-canism. But it is greatly to be feared that Americanism has now lost the high standing it had in the islands, and that Protestantism in government, because it is Ameri-canism and is recognized as such, will become, if it is not already, a fast-waning sentiment in the minds of the people. To this result the war must directly tend, though it may be hoped that the antipathy of the Filipinos to papal principles, developed by centuries of oppression, will be strong enough to survive even the shock of the war. Let Protestant missionaries improve this opportune timeŠif it yet remainsŠto go to the Filipinos with the gospel; not as the representatives of a government hos-tile to them, or of any earthly government, but solely as representatives of the government of heaven. It is for this that they have been delivered from the Spanish ,yoke, and by this will the present purpose of Providence towards them be fulfilled. 