418 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY, as it grew and prospered, arrived at a period when her leaders saw a most favorable time "for the forces of Christianity to unite themselves in the realm of prac-tical politics." And they did it. An arrangement was made with the emperor whereby the will of the church was embodied in the law of the realm ; the church, in return for this great opportunity to advance the king-dom of God, merely giving her influence to secure the emperor in his seat of power. What could be more proper or fortunate for the Christian cause? The mould of Christianity was put upon all the realm through Christian laws, and of course an emperor who would thus favor Christianity ought by all means to be retained in power, and could most properly be given all the support the church could possibly com-mand, just as now the political party which would enact Christian laws in the United States would de-serve the full support of the Christian Endeavorers and all other Christian bodies here. That was "prac-tical politics" for that time. But somehow the expected good that was to come from this great stroke of joining Christianity with politics failed to materialize. The church began to receive the mould of the state, but the state failed to receive the mould of Christianity. The spirit of poli-tics and with it the methods of politics came more and more into the church, and the church became more and more conformed to the world. The churth had gone into politics to uplift the world, but instead of pulling the world up, had simply pulled herself down to the world's level. The result was the full develop-ment of the papacy, and the long' night of the Dark Ages. Now again we are told by a leader in the Christian church that "Christian Endeavorers * * * must familiarize themselves with the ways and means poli-ticians employ, and use them for the ends of good government." Now, candidly, in the light of Chris-tianity and in the light of history, will it be a good thing for Christian Endeavorers or any other Chris-tians to "familiarize themselves with the ways and means politicians employ" ? What is to be gained for the cause of Christianity through its adherents be-coming familiar with bribery, intimidation, lying, wire-pulling and hypocrisy, as practiced by the successful politician ? What is to be gained for the cause of good by the study of evil? The "ways and means" employed by the politicians to-day are ways that will surely corrupt the principles of righteousness. The study of them and the practice of them by Christian Endeavorers and others in the church will surely bring a flood of politics into the church, and produce an image of the papacy, just as the first union of the church with politics produced the papacy itself. The Christian church cannot open her doors to politics to  save sinners, any more than the ship at sea can save the man lost overboard by taking in the ocean with him. He might' be drawn into the ship with the in-rush of water, but the ship itself would be sent to the bottom. Many a godly church has been swamped by worldliness, through the mistaken idea that salvation can come to the world through that which is of the world. The Rev. Mr. Sheldon has not hit upon anything new in his idea of having "the forces of Christianity assert themselves in the realm of practical politics." That is an old experiment, and anyone may read of the many trials given it from Constantine's day down to our own century, with the results that have fol-lowed. Would that Mr. Sheldon and the Christian Endeavorers might read history more carefully upon this point before proceeding further with their church- political program. s. "Is This a Christian Nation?" In Sunday Reform Leaflets for January of the cur-rent year, Dr. E. Thomas, general manager of the Sunday League of America, undertakes to answer this question in the affirmative. Among the arguments by which he seeks to sustain his contention that the nation is Christian and ought therefore to have "Chris-tian" laws, is this : "It is said Congress is prohibited from establishing religion in the First Amendment to the Constitution. But what was understood by 'an establishment of re-ligion' when that amendment was adopted, was a state church, and nothing else was thought of at that time. That phrase was in common use, and applied univer-sally to the state church, which had recently been dis-established in Virginia. Congress was thus prohibited from taxing the people for the support of the 'Church of Ehgland in America,' or fora the support of any other branch of the Christian church. "But it was not understood as prohibiting the sup-port of Christianity. On the other hand, the facts ,of our history show that Congress is continually ac-knowledging God, and at every session appropriating money, out of the public treasury, for the more firm establishment of and propagation of the Christian re-ligion. Each house of Congress has its chaplainŠa minister of some Christian church. He prays at each day's sessionŠvisits sick members as a pastor, and buries, with Christian burial, any that may die during the sessionŠperforming the functions of a pastor, each house of Congress being in a certain sense, a Chris-tian church." Again a little further on in the same connection the Doctor says : "Only Christian teachers are appointed to our Indian schools. Thus every Congress appro-priates large sums of money for the support and es-tablishment of the Christian religion." .This reminds us of the story of the camel which, being permitted to put its head inside its owner's tent 