NEW YORK, MA.Y 16, 1895. 160 A1MCIEIELIICA.1NT S..BINT9171[NUICA., Vol,. 10, No, 20. ANY- one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to- him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be a.ked to pay for it THE Republican, of Dayton, Tenn., says that a bill was introduced into the legislature of that State on the 27th ult., " to amend section 2289 of the Code so as to provide that persons observing Saturday as the Sabbath shall not be liable to penalty for working on Sunday." Such a bill would of course relieve the persecuted Adventists for the time being, were it to become a law; but it would not settle the principle at stake. Section 2289 of the Code of Tennessee ought to be repealed, as should every similar law in every State in the Tinion and of every country in the world. The whole principle of Sunday legislation is wrong. HuNnNoToN, W. Va., a city of some ten thousand inhabitants, is agitated from center to circumference over the question of general Sunday closing, including the suspension of street car traffic. The mayor's orders to the chief of police were: are, therefore, directed to order closed, on each and every Sunday after the first of May, all business hot:uses of every description, including barber shops, public bath rooms, fruit stands, restaurants, all classes of confectionery stores, meat shops, newspaper offices, and soda water and ice cream parlors; to prohibit all labor (excepting cases of charity and absolute neces-sity), including delivery and sale of newspapers, and delivery of ice, milk and meat; to order closed all drug stores, except for the sole purpose of filling pre-scriptions duly issued by a licensed physician. You are admonished to cause the carrying out of the foregoing instructions and all other ordinances, with justice to all and favors to no one. Street cars are not specially mentioned in this order, bitt the company is being prose-cuted for violation of the ordinance. Several smaller towns in the State are following the lead of Huntington, and the crusade promises to become general. THAT we are living in an age of moral de-generacy was strikingly illustrated recently in the city of Brooklyn. The bookkeeper of a wealthy club was found to be a defaulter to a large amount, and was criminally prosecuted. A petition, signed by a large number of re-spectable persons, was presented to the trial-judge, praying for leniency for the embezzler. Among the reasons urged for clemency was this was surrounded by many temptations; he was actuated by a desire, so common in our modern life, to live on a scale equal to that of the gentlemen with whom he associated daily, and to raise and educate his children as did his neighbors. The Christian Advocate, of this city, refers to the facts stated as " an illustration of the widespread decline of principle," and says:  " More sympathy is now shown for thieves and defaulters than admiration for simple, old-fashioned honesty." The Advocate's remark is quite true, but is not that =paper partly responsible for the moral degeneracy which substitutes custom for the moral law and places a higher value upon the applause of men than, the favor of -God ? For instance, in the matter of Sunday-keeping, very many religious papers and ministers of the gospel acknowledge that they have no better authority for the observance of the first day of the week than custom. They would keep the day commanded by God, but by so doing they would lose caste and influence. Are not the cases, if not parallel, at least akin? The defaulter breaks the eighth command-ment that he may. appear- well, while the others break the fourth commandment that they may stand well, be popular and avoid the self-denial incident to being out of joint with the practices of society at large. Is not the principle the same? -41*Ł- GEORGIA AT IT AGAIN. A SPECIAL telegram announces that Ł J. Q. Allison, a Seventh-day Adventist of Douglas County, Ga., has been arrested for working on Sunday. He is to be tried this week. Mr. Allison, if convicted, will, according to the Georgia statute, " be punished by a fine not to exceed one thousand dollars, imprisonment not to exceed six months, to work in-  the chain-gang on the public works, or on such other works as the county authorities may employ the chain-gang, not to exceed twelve months, and any one or more of these pun-ishments may be ordered in the discretion of the judge." In case a fine is imposed, Section 4582 of the Georgia Code makes the following provi-sions for its disposal:Š All moneys arising from fines imposed for offenses, the gist of which consists in their being committed on the Sabbath day, shall be paid to the ordinary of the county, to bt. by him distributed for the purpose of establishing and promoting Sabbath-schools in the county. Ł In case the convicted] party refuses to pay fines, or in case he is sentenced to the chain-:gang, Section 4814 provides:Š In all cases where persons are convicted of misde-meanor, and sentenced to work in the chain-gang on the public works, or public roads, or when such per-sons are confined in jail for non-payment of fines im-posed for such misdemeanor, the ordinary of the county, and where there is a board of commissioners of roads and revenues of the counties, then said board of commissioners, and in those counties where there is a county judge, then the said county judge, where such conviction was had,. or where such convicts may be confined, may place such convicts, in the county or elsewhere, to work upon such public works of the county, in chain-gangs, or otherwise, or hire out such convicts, upon such terms and restrictions as sub- serve the ends of justice, and place such convicts under such guards as may be necessary for their safe keeping. In case of " insurrection " (which would doubtless include a refusal to work in the chain-gang on the Sabbath), Section 4821 provides:Š Whenever any convict or convicts now confined, or hereafter to be confined, in the penitentiary of this State, or member or members of the chain-gang now confined, or hereafter to be confined, in the peniten-tiary of this State, or wherever else employed as such, shall be guilty of insurrection or attempt at insurrec-tion, such convict or convicts, or member or members of the chain-gang, ,shall, upon trial and conviction in the Supreme Court of the county in which the crime_ is committed; be deemed guilty of a capital offense, and punished with death, or such other -punishment as the judge in his discretion may inflict. Thus it appears that Mr. Allison is facing as a possibility, first, a thousand-dollar fine; second, six months' imprisonment; third, the chain-gang; fourth, all three combined; fifth, he faces the possibility of being sold to the highest bidder, to some contractor, and in either case whether in the chain-gang of the State or the private contractor, 'should he refuse to work on the Sabbath, as he surely would, he " may be punished with death "! The State of Georgia is not in Russia; it is in the southeastern part of the United States, and professed Protestant churches are behind this barbarous Sunday law. Or the Charlton Sunday bill, referred to by us last week, the Toronto World, of the 9th inst., says:Š At the evening session Charlton's Sabbath Observ-ance bill was considered in committee and eventually a motion of Mr. W. F. Maclean's that the committee rise, was carried by 37 to 25. This for the present kills the bill, but Mr. Charlton will endeavor to get it restored to the order paper. In the discussion of the bill, one member (Mr. Maclean) said, as reported in the Toronto Daily Mail, "The mover of the bill posed as an opponent to trade restriction, but wanted to restrict liberty of conscience. He would like to forge a yoke to place around the neck of the people." Mr. Curran characterized the language of the section as vague and indefinite, and said endless litigation would result if it was adopted. The section exempted religious pub-lications without affording any definition of what a religious publication was. Mr. Amyot, the gentleman who so ably op-posed a similar bill introduced by Mr. Charl-ton last year, thought that moral legislation of the character desired by the honorable gentleman was not within the sphere of the House. He also resented the arbitrary setting aside of the first day of the week by the hon-orable gentleman, when all creeds did not rec-ognize it as the Sabbath day. And Mr. Amyot is right. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - 81.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 25 to 99 " " " " - - 250 to 499 " " " " 6 6 - " 500 to 999 " " " " 1000 or more " " " To foreign countries in Postal Union. 5 shilling. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 6 6 100 to 249 " " " " ,' - .4 Ł 900 8oc The 70c 65e - - - 60c 