tibiNo110141 A Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas yeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JULY 9, 1891. NUMBER 27. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND Sr., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, Ł - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc KEE. 4‚ IF the State ,is bound to provide relig-ions education, it has the right and the power to determine in what religious ed-ucation consists, and to say what shall be taught as religious truth, and what shall be rejected as religious error." Ł WE require no special law to tell us what we are not' to do on Sunday. A law that is good enough for six days of the week is surely good enough for the other one. It is not the day on which the act is performed which makes it a crime. If it is bad on one day, it is equally bad on any other. I, do not believe in creating evil by act of Parliament. If Christians make Sunday recreation and pleasure a crime now, how do they know that in the near future, when freethought shall have gained power, retaliation may not ensue ? And what right would they have5to com-plain if it did ? It is said that like begets like. They are the persecutors now. They are sowing the wind. May they not reap the whirlwind ? ŠPresident of Victoria, B. C. Secular Union. Ł THE United States of America was founded, and is still supported, by a peo-ple comprising four great classes of belief Šthe Catholic, the Protestant, the Jew, and the,  atheist. Our constitution was so prepared that it did, and does now, pro-tect the rights of every religious creed and interferes with not a single form of worship. According to that great and noble instrument, while there is one un- believer, one Jew, one Protestant, or but one Catholic in the Nation, he can hold his rights in the face of sixty millions; it is impossible, while the Constitution stands unaltered, to check the performance of a single duty that he finds due his God, be it his gold, his cattle, or anything else he chooses to worship, regardless of the time, day or season his devotions take place.ŠMoral and Scientific Companion. Sunday-Law Ideas of Protection. THE second question and answer in the Woman's Christian Temperance. Union Leaflet No. 31, the first of which we noticed last week, is as follows:Š Question 2.ŠIn the preamble of our Constitution we find this phrase: "Establish justice and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and to our pos-terity." Would it be justice and .liberty to dictate to a free people what day to keep holy ? Answer.ŠCertainly not; yet the day generally considered holy should be protected from disturb-ance, and in order to establish justice and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-terity we must protect the right of all to a day of weekly rest. This answer, like the one that preceded it, is a queer mixture. First it confesses that certainly it would not be justice and lib-erty to dictate to a free people what day to keep holy, and then immediately con-tradicts that by declaring that it is nec-essary so to dictate in order to establish justice and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity. This is precisely what the answer amounts to. It declares that though it would not be justice and liberty to dictate what day to keep holy, yet it demands that "the dak generally con-sidered holy" should be protected. Notice : it is the day that is to be protected, and not the people. It is the day as a holy day that is to be protected, and not the people. That is, the Government is leg-islatively and legally to declare that Sun-day is a holy day; and then is to protect from disturbance, that holiness. That is, the Government is to allow nothing to be done on, that day which would be out of keeping with, the character of holiness  which the Government, to please a cer-tain class of people, shall have declared attaches to the day. Just so surely as the Government does such a thing as that, the very doing of it does dictate to a free people what day to keep holy. It even goes further than this, it actually compels them to keep it holy; for not to allow a people to do on a certain day declared to be holy anything that would be out of harmony with the declared holy character of the day, is to compel them to conform to the declared hOly character of the day, and therefore does actually compel them to observe the day as a holy day. But why should a day generally consid-ered holy be protected by the Government as a holy day ? What right has the Gov-ernment to adopt and to enforce upon all the people the ideas of holiness which are held by a part of the people ? What right has the Government to compel one part of its citizens to conform to the ideas of holiness entertained by another part of the people ? This is simply to ask, What right has one part of the people to compel the other part of the people to conform to their ideas of holiness ? What right have I to compel my neighbor to adopt my ideas of holiness as his, and to compel him to observe these as though they were his own ? This makes me a judge for him in matters of religion. This is at once to put myself in the place of God and to usurp his prerogative; and when I add to this the claim of the right, to compel my neighbor to conform to my ideas of holiness, then I have not only usurped the prerogative of God, but I have begun to exercise that of the devil. Questions of holiness are to be decided by God alone for the individual ; and the individual is to decide for himself before God, and as God may enlighten his con-science, what is required of him in the way of holiness and the 'observance of holy things. No government has any right whatever to exert its authority in behalf of anybody's ideas of what things are holy. This is what has cursed the 