348 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. of the first. They teach their children to give to the cause of religion ; and these children are exposed to all the temptations to spend their money to which other children are exposed. Now if it were the duty of the State to protect the children of Sunday keepers from the temptation to spend their pennies on Sunday in-stead of putting them into the contribution envelope, would it not be under just the same obligation to guard against temptation the children who with their parents worship on another day ? It is evident that this is a matter which the state should let severely alone. * June r President McKinley, accompanied by Sec-retary Long, visited the Catholic University, the pro-fessors and students greeting them with applause. Rector Conaty made a speech of welcome to the Presi-dent on his first visit to the university, explaining the purposes and aims of the institution. "The cross which surmounts our buildings," he said, "is indicative of our religious faith, and the flag which floats to the breeze beside it is indicative of our national spirit. We are Catholics, holding our au-thority as an institution from the pontifical constitu-tion granted us by the holy father who founded this university, and we are Americans, obtaining our legal existence from the statutes of this district. "Under this roof minds are taught to love the cross and reverence the flag. Catholic Americans, we are taught and we teach loyalty to God as the source of loyalty to the republic!' In response the President said : "I have been glad to note building after building rising on these grounds in the last half dozen years, and I extend to you my cordial congratulations. This nation is in advance of every other nation of the world in the matter of edu-cational advantages and opportunities, and no nation in the world is in greater need of educated young men. They are the pillars of strength to this republic, and we need them, it seems to me, never more than at this hour." A former vice-consul at Hong Kong, Edward Wildman, has an article in a recent number of "Leslie's Weekly" entitled, "A Reign of Terror in the Philip-pines," in which he gives some startling facts quite at variance with the official reports published from time to time regarding the condition of affairs in the islands. Mr. Wildman says that "there exists a veritable reign of terror in most parts of the archipelago within a gunshot from our army posts. Either Gen. Otis is blind to the situation, or is keeping the real facts from the American people. Aguinaldo's forces have scat-tered into marauding bands and, leaguing themselves  with the mountain tribes, terrorize the country, effec-tually check the cultivation of crops and the sale of marketable products, and wage war against all who hesitate to acknowledge the Aguinaldo govern-ment." He is also of the opinion that the present military force in the Philippine Islands is entirely inadequate to cope with the situation and bring the war to a close. The American people may find that imperialism, like some other attractive looking things, comes high, and is scarcely worth the price after it is obtained. Germany in South America. Much weight has been attached to Secretary Root's words at the celebration of the birthday of Grant, and the comments on it have not been confined to this country. Speaking of Grant's support of the Monroe doctrine, he pointedly referred to the eagerness of European nations to secure more territory, and the probable consequence that the United States must pre-pare to make a determined stand for that doctrine or else abandon it. The application of the remark might be quite gen-eral, but there are good reasons for the common dis-position to refer it to Germany, especially in connection with the movement to enlarge the German navy. With a population of two-thirds that of the United States and a country smaller than Texas, there is abundant cause, quite aside from any colonial ambitions, why Germany should be seeking opportunities for expan-sion. It has been plain for some time that she was encouraging her migrating people to settle in South America rather than make their new homes altogether in North America. Brazil especially has been the land that they have been seeking. Naturally, as strangers in a strange land, they have been drawn closely to-gether. Large German communities have been formed especially in one state, and great regions in Brazil have passed into the hands of Germans that still remain at home. Brazil has not viewed the situation with entire satis-faction. She has fancied that there were traces of a definite policy in the immigration. It has been hinted that the plan of "spheres of influence," which has been applied so largely in Africa and somewhat in China, might be extended to another continent as well, and that on some plausible pretext occasion might be taken to declare a German protectorate over the German col-onies of Brazil. Such a step would be but the prelude to action that would end in making a large section of South America a German possession. Whatever may be said for German government as contrasted with the rather unstable equilibrium of the 