86 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. and supreme interpreter in all points of the re- vealed will of Christ, it will be necessary to re form Section 7 of Article I of the Constitution, so that it shall read about as follows:Š Every bill which shall have passed the House of Rbpresentatives and the Senate, and the Pres-ident, shall, before it become a law, be pre-sented to " the leaders and teachers in our churches," whose " decision " shall be "final." Every order, resolution, or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives may be necessary (except on a ques- tion of adjournment) shall be presented to the President, and to "the churches and pulpits" of the United States, and the " decision" of "the leaders and teachers in our churches" shall be " final." There, fellow-citizens, are some of the feat- ures that our Constitution will present, when it shall have been reformed according to the doc- trines of the National Reform party. We do not say that the work is at all complete, but this is all that we have space to present at this time. We have not forced a single point, for every change which we have marked, we can sustain by the writings of the National Reform- ers themselves. We have simply presented the logic of the National Reform propositions. If the National Reformers object to our conclu-sions, they will have to lay down different propositions. If there are any of our readers who do not yet see that the success of the Na-tional Reform movement will be the establish-ment of an absolute hierarchy in this nation, we ask them to wait till the next issue of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, when WO promise, if the Lord will, to present such evidence both of fact and of law, as shall leave no room for any rea- sonable doubt. A. T. J. AND THE TEST OF THE CHRISTIAN RELIGION SHALL be required as a qualification to every office or public trust uncle' the United States. This will necessitate the reform of Article I of Amendments to the Constitution, so that its first clause shall read thus:Š * Congress shall make laws respecting the estab-lishment of the Christian religion; prohibiting the free exercise of all other religion and of all irreligion; and abridging the freedom of speech and of the press in religious matters. Ł It is certain that all these changes in the body of the Constitution will not be made with- out universal and almost endless controversy. To say nothing of the open and confirmed op- position that there will be, it is evident that among those who would favor the changes, there will be great differences of opinion upon the exact shape and wording in which the changed Articles shall be couched. Nor will the controversy be confined simply to the called-for changes in the Constitution. As the reformed Preamble declares the "revealed will" of Christ to be the "supreme law," the changes in the Constitution will be but the culmination of a grand national discussion as to what is the revealed will of Christ, and just how it is to be made applicable in national affairs. This is only what the National Reformers expect. In the Christian oSvtatesman February 21, 1884, Rev. J. C. K. Milligan writes on this subject, as follows:Š " The changes will come gradually, and prob-ably only after the whole frame-work of Bible legislation has been thoroughly canvassed by Congress and State Legislatures, by the Su-preme Courts of the United States and of the several States, and by lawyers and citizens; an outpouring of the Spirit might soon secure it." But that the National Reformers expect such a condition of affairs as this, is not. all. They are doing, and will do, their very best to create it; not out of love for the Bible, nor for Chris-tianity, but for their own self-aggrandizement. This is clearly revealed by Mr. Milligan in words immediately following the passage just quoted. He continues:Š " The churches and the pulpits have much to do with shaping and forming opinions on all moral questions, and with interpretations of Scripture on moral and civil, as well as on theo-logical and ecclesiastical points; and it is prob-able that in the almost universal gathering of our citizens about these, the chief discussions and the final decision of most points will be developed there. 'Many nations shall come and say: Come and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways and we will walk in his paths; for the law shall go forth of Zion.' " Exactly the churches are " Zion," and "the law shall go forth of Zion." Therefore in the national canvass of "the whole frame-work of Bible legislation," when it comes to the changes in the body of the Constitution, and thus the culmination of the discussion, in the form of law, then Congress, the State Legislatures, and the Supreme Courts will have to receive that law from the churches and pu.,its, and the law in its final form will have to be according to the mould or the indorsement of the "leaders and teachers " in the churches, for " the law shall go forth of Zion, and the "final decision will be de- veloped there." And then after this august de- liverance the Rev. Mr. Milligan straightens himself up and admiringly pats himself, and all his fellows, upon the back, after this style:Š " There certainly is no class of citizens more intelligent, patriotic, and trustworthy, than the leaders and teachers in our churches." In connection with these words are certain scriptures which we would commend to Mr. Mil-ligan's consideration: "Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth; a stranger, and not thine own lips." Prov. 27 : 2. " For men to search their own glory is not glory." Prov. 25 : 27. " Not he that commendeth himself is approved, but whom the Lord commendeth." 2 Cor. 10: 18. But whether they will heed these scriptures or not there is one thing cer-tain: that is, by the evidences here presented, it is perfectly clear that the direct aim of the leaders in the National Reform movement is the exaltation of themselves into a hierarchy as absolute as is that of Mormonism, or as was that of the Papacy in the supremest hours of the Dark Ages. They deliberately propose to make themselves the arbiters in every contro- versy, and the interpreters of Scripture on all points, moral, civil, theological, and ecclesiasti-cal. And mark, their decision, it is plainly de- clared, will be "final." There can be no appeal, for there is none higher than they. There can be no appeal to God, for is not the Lord King in Zion ? and don't they represent Zion ? and isn't the law to go forth of Zion ? Thus they would make themselves the vicegerents of the Lord, and the fountain of all law. And just now, and in view of these propositions of the National Reformers, the American people would do well to remember the truth stated by Dean Milman in relation to what is simply a matter of fact in all history: "ln proportion as the ec-clesiastics became co-legislators, heresies be-came civil crimes, and liable to civil punish- merits." Upon the surface, some of the changes in the Constitution, which we have marked, appear very innocent. It is only when we go below the surface that the real iniquity of the thing appears. When the real purpose of the move- ment is discovered, it is found that the Chris-tianity that is to become national, is just what this hierarchy shall declare to be Christianity; that the "revealed will" which is to be the supreme law of the land, is what the hierarchy shall declare to be the revealed will; it is seen that in submitting to the proposed test of the Christian religion, it is not such a view of that religion as a man's own conscience approves, but such a view as the hierarchy approves; that in submitting to this proposed revealed will as the supreme law, it is not to that re-vealed will as a man may read it in the Script-ure and interpret it by the best light of his own conscience, but to what the hierarchy shall de- clare to be the revealed will, as interpreted by their own will. Then there is no more the lib-erty of every man worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience, but all must worship (?) according to the dictates of the hierarchy. Then when these " intelligent, patriotic, and trustworthy leaders in our churches" shall have succeeded in thus placing themselves in the position of supreme arbiter of all controversies, National Christianity in America. THE following is an article under the above heading, which was written by President T. G. Apple, D. D., LL.D., of Franklin and Marshall College, and printed in the New York Inde-pendent, August 5, 1886. We insert the article entire, not for the purpose of indorsing it, for the position of the SENTINEL On this subject is well known, but to show the rapidly grow-ing tendency among " leaders of theological thought," toward a national religion. We are free to say that we seriously apprehend the danger of which Mr. Apple grants the possi-bility, that is, that "such an organization " would "become, in the end, tyrannical," and we are sure that all who love true liberty will do well to share with us the apprehension. We derive no comfort at all from President Apple's doubt that the " danger would ever become realized." The danger has been too often fear_ fully realized, " The United States has taken the lead in the establishment of a great free republic. It now remains to organize a national Christianity in this great republic. The history of Christian-ity clearly reveals its tendency to nationalize itself. Whilst it is catholic in spiritŠan inter-est that will, in the end, bind all nations in-  one common brotherhoodŠyet in working out this result it adapts itself to the order of human 