THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 307 "Reformers" who would put God into the Constitution, since if we mistake not he was of the opinion not so very many years ago that "neither the Sermon on the Mount nor the Ten Commandments have any place in politics." He doubtless told the truth as to the gen-eral practice, and that may be all he meant by the state-ment. Certainly his more recent utterance, quoted above, is sadly out of harmony with the former one, if by it he intended to express his own sense of the fitness of things moral and things political. Faith in God and obedience to the principles enun-ciated in the Sermon on the Mount and to the Ten Commandments ought to control in every walk in life, and where these cannot go men ought not to go ; but they must be written in the individual heart, not in con- stitutions nor upon statute books. B. Christianity and the Civil Law. Many people in this country hold to the idea, which has been fortified by several court decisions, that Christianity is a part of the "law of the land." It is surprising that a conception which so belittles Chris-tianity should be held by members of the Christian church, and put forward by anybody in behalf of re-ligion; yet it is by church people that this doctrine is most zealously maintained in its traditional sem-blance of truth. Of course, if Christianity is a part of the common law, it is enforcable upon all the people as such and religious freedom can no more exist here than in any land which maintains a state religion. This manifest truth is sufficient in itself to stamp the idea of com-mon-law Christianity as one altogether at variance with the American conception of government. But even if American principles of government were in harmony with such a thing, it is utterly impos-sible that Christianity should be- incorporated into the civil law. This is because of the nature of Christianity, as being a system devised by the Omniscient, for a pur-pose infinitely transcending the purpose of civil gov-ernment. The greater cannot be incorporated into and become a part of the less. The infinite cannot be em-braced within the finite. So far from being merely a part of the civil law, Christianity is infinitely more than all human law could possibly express. Christianity is not a part of any-thing; it is a complete system in itself. The law ex-presses justice, but Christianity embraces all justice, and much more than this. It embraces all divine truth. It embraces mercy, without which it would avail noth-ing for the transgressor. It embraces all the attributes ,of the divine character. In short, it is nothing less -than life, even the life of its author, Jesus Christ. And as "God was in Christ" when the Saviour of mankind  walked and taught on earth, and in exemplifying Chris-tianity the Saviour was revealing God to the world, it must be true that Christianity is the very life of God (which is manifested still through human flesh), and is therefore as infinite and illimitable as God himself. It can no more be a part of anything than God can be a part of anything. God is all and in all, and Christianity is the all in all of perfect living. The conception therefore which would make Chris-tianity a part of the law of the land, is infinitely short of the truth, and calculated to work harm in propor-tion to the degree of error it embodies. Christianity can no more be enforced upon the people, as the law of the land is enforced, than God himself can be en-forced upon them. God does not force himself upon any person, and cannot be forced upon any one, by any power in the universe, much less by any power on earth. This truth all professors of Christianity ought to know, and they of all people on the earth should be foremost to oppose a doctrine which places Chris-tianity in so false a light before the world as does this doctrine which makes it subservient to human laws. s. The Religious Character of Sunday Laws. There is not the least shadow of doubt that Sunday laws are enacted and enforced because of the supposed sacred character of the day. The codes of most of the States style Sunday either "the Sabbath" or "Lord's day." Blackstone treats infractions of Sunday laws under the heading, "Offenses against God and relig-ion ;" and in this he is followed quite generally by American authorities. In New York, we are told by Judge Kent that "the statute has for over a century recognized the sanctity of the day and punished its violators." In Georgia, the code styles Sunday "the Lord's day ;" and in Bass vs. Irwin (4.9 Ga., 436), it is declared that as such "all courts and magistrates are to consider it ;" while in Saltar vs. Smith (55 Ga., 244), it is plainly said that "the code but re-enacts the law of the Almighty." In Arkansas the language of the court (18 Ark., 186) is that "the day is set apart by divine appointment as well as by the law of the land." In Pennsylvania (Johnston's case, 22 Pa., 102), the courts recognize "divine command and human legislation ;" while in Iowa (Davis vs. Smith, 1 Green, 406), we are told that the day is "established by laws both human and divine." See "The Legal Sunday," page 113. But notwithstanding the array of evidence of the true character of Sunday laws there are many who attempt to defend them as merely "civil statutes," "san-itary measures," "police regulations," etc. Much is made because of the assumed fact that "no-body is required to observe the day religiously ;" "no- 