250 ..A,1M11bAELICA.N VoL. 8, No. 32. IT is written : " Hallow my Sabbaths; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Eze. 20:20. Notice, he does not say, It is a sign that I am the Lord, but "a sign that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." There is that in the Sabbath of the Lord which makes it to man the means of finding the true knowledge of the true God. For Men know God truly only when they know, not only that he is, but that he is what he is. "For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a re-warder of them that diligently seek him." Heb. 11:6. In answer to the question, " What is his name'?" he said, " I AM THA.T I AM." Ex. 3:14. Not only " I am " but " I am what I am." Not merely " I am," in point of existence, but " I am what I am," in point of character. For when he proclaimed his name more fully he proclaimed it: " The Lord, the Lord God, merciful and gracious, long suffer-ing and abundant in goodness and truth, keeping mercy for thousands, forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin." Ex. 34:5-7. This is the Lead, the true God; and the Sabbath of the Lord is the sign by which, when it is hallowed, men may know that he is such. Therefore the Sab-bath of the Lord, which he says is the seventh day, being the sign by which men may know that the Lord is God, it fol-lows as plainly as can be that the churches and Congress of the United States, in putting this, as far as lies in their power, away from men have done all they can to shut away from men the knowledge of the true God. AGAIN, God is known, as he is, only in Jesus Christ, for " No man knoweth the Son, but the Father; neither knoweth any man the Father save the Son, and he to whomsoever the Son will reveal him." Matt. 11 :27. " They shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, God with us." Matt. 1 : 23. He is the WordŠthe expression of the thoughtŠof God. So that practically and really he is God to us, as well as God with us. There-fore as GAd is known, as he is, only in and through Jesus Christ; and the Sab-bath of the Lord being the sign by which men may know that the Lord is God; it is plain that the Sabbath of the Lord is the sign of what Jesus Christ is to men, and by which men may know what Jesus Christ is to them. Therefore again, when the churches and Congress of the United States, as far as lies in their power, have put away from men the Sabbath of the Lord and its observance, they have in reality done what they can to put away from men the knowledge of what Jesus Christ is to men. Again we freely admit that they know not what they are doing, any more than did the priests and Phari-sees and politicians when they did all they could before to put away Christ from men, but they have done it as certainly as those did before. And in both instances they could not have done it any more cer-tainly if they had known it. And these now will find, as did those eighteen hun-dred years ago, that their determined effort to put Him away from the knowl-edge of men only the more powerfully brings him to the knowledge of men. IT is a sign, says he, " that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Wherein is it a sign ? The first of all things that God is to anything or any  person in the universe is Creator. There-fore, of the Sabbath it is written : " It is a sign . . . for [because] in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he rested and was re-freshedŠ[took delight]." Ex. 31:17. It is a sign, therefore, by which men may know the Creator of all things, and that the Lord Jehovah is he. And in these days when " science" is taking the place of God, and evolution the place of crea-tion, it is time that men should know God and his creative power for themselves. And now is the time as never before, when the signŠthe Sabbath of the LordŠby which men may know him shall be ex-alted that men may find him and know him for themselves. It is not strange, therefore, that the enemy of all righteous-ness should take supreme measures to shut away from the world the sign by which men may know the creative power of God in Jesus Christ. FOR it was through Jesus Christ that the power of God was manifested in the creation of the heavens and the earth and all that in them is. For " God who at sun-dry times and in divers manners, spake in time past unto the fathers by the proph-ets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds." Heb. 1:1, 2. " God . . . created all things by Jesus Christ." Eph. 3 :9. And this is why he challenges all false gods upon the point that they have not made the heavens and earth. Jer. 10 :1-15. It was Jesus Christ who spoke, when, " By the word of the Lord were the heavens made and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. . . . For he [Jesus Christ] spake, and it was; he commanded and it stood fast." Ps. 33: 6, 9. It was Jesus Christ who rested the seventh day at the close of creation. It was he who blessed the seventh day; it was he who hallowed it and sanctified it. It was he, Jesus Christ, who thus made the Sabbath Š the rest Š of the Lord on the seventh day. And the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord Jesus Christ thy God. It was he who made the Sabbath for man. It was he who set it to be to man the sign by which he might know what he, Jesus Christ, the Creator, is to man. And this is why it is so em-phatically true that they who repudiate and put away the seventh day, the Sab-bath of the Lord, do in effect repudiate and put away Jesus Christ. This is what the Sabbath was to man before he sinned. This is what it would have still been to him if he never had sinned. BUT man sinned. He did not remain faithfully a part of the Lord's original creation. Through sin, man gave over to the enemy of God, himself and all his dominion. All was wholly lost. But though man and all was lost, yet God in Jesus Christ freely and willingly became his Saviour. The Creator became the Redeemer. He by whom God created all things, is He by whom God would save all. He through whom the power of God was manifested in creation, He is the same one through whom the power of God is manifested in salvation. And the power of God, whenever, or wherever, or unto whatever purpose it may be mani-fested, is the same power; for he is the same yesterday and to-day and forever, he changeth not, with him is no variable-ness nor shadow o turningŠit is ever the  same power, the power of God, creative power. And the power of God mani-fested through Jesus Christ unto salva-tion is only the same power that was manifested through Jesus Christ unto cre-ation. Therefore salvation is only crea-tion over again. " For we are his work-manship created in Christ Jesus unto good works which God hath before or-dained that we should walk in them." Eph. 2 :10. " Create in me a clean heart, 0 God." Ps. 51:10. " If any man be in Christ, he is a new creation." 2 Cor. 5 :17, R. V. It is yet further evident that salvation is nothing more nor less than creation over again, because the work of salvation, of redemption, when completed is only the accomplishment, in spite of sin, of the original creation as it would have been and remained had there been no sin. Therefore, salvation, redemption, being creation, it follows inevitably that in the nature of things, the sign of crea-tion is the sign of salvation. Redemp-tion being the same powerŠthe power of God manifested through the same oneŠJesus Christ, unto the accomplishment of the original purpose, in the nature of things the same sign, the sign of the power of God manifested in the beginning of the original purpose, is still the sign of that same power in the final accomplish-ment of the original purpose. There-fore it is the everlasting truth that the Sabbath of the Lord which he set to be the sign of his power manifested in crea-tion is also the sign of his power mani-fested in redemption. The Sabbath of the Lord, which he set to be the sign by which men may know that he is the Lord, is that indeed; and it is the sign by which men may know him in redemption as in creation; for redemption is creation, the Creator is the Redeemer. See John 1:1-3, 14. Col. 1:12-18. Ieb. 1:1-3. Eph. 3 : 8-12. Isa. 40 : 25-29. As salvation is creation, as the Creator is the Saviour, so likewise he challenges all false gods upon the point that they can-not save, as well as upon the point that they cannot create. Thus : " They have no knowledge that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot save. Tell ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together : Who hath declared this from ancient time ? Who hath told it from that time ? Have not I the Lord ? and there is no god else beside me; a just God and a Saviour; there is none beside me. Look unto me and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth; for I am God, and there is none else." Isa. 45 : 20-22. Thus it more and more appears from every consideration of Scrip-ture that he who created is he who saves, and that therefore that which is the sign of him who created is also the sign of him who saves : that the sign which he has given that men may know that he is the Lord our God, is also the sign by which men may know that he is the Lord our Saviour; for he is Saviour because he is GodŠ" a just God and a Saviour and there is none else." And the Sabbath of the Lord, the seventh day, is this sign. The Lord made it so, and he says so, and it is so. For again, it is written: " I gave them my Sabbaths to be a sign between me and them that they might; know that I am the Lord that sanctify them."ŠEze. 20:12. And as certainly as there is no other true God, no other true Saviour, no other true Creator, and no other true Sanctifier---as there is no other and can be 