AMEIZICAN SENTINEL. 549 savor of religious bigotry, intolerance and even open persecution. This was the case with this new church organization. Of course the church must have a. name; and so the name of "Free" Church was given to it. It was a free church as long as men and women joined it of their own free will; but its members were not entirely made up of such ones. Some were compelled to join. Nearly all of the members of the old organization (Wesleyan) were natives, whose forefathers had been converted from heathenism to Christianity. When persuasion failed to woo them to the so-called Free church, then force was used and the power of the government brought to bear upon them, as the following sworn statements will show:Š THE SWORN STATEMENT OF A NATIVE. "I, , make oath, and say as follows: On Monday afternoon, February 7, 1887, I heard the in-spector of police tell the governor of Nina Foou that ,the Nina Foou fakaogosŠi. e., WesleyansŠwere to be sent by the government to him to do as he liked with, but he was not allowed to go off his premises. Early Tuesday morning I saw some men tied under the trees at the gov-ernor's place. This was at six o'clock. At about 8 o'clock, I saw the people, five men and one woman, brought by the police from the shade, and the men tied to stakes driven in the ground in front of the governor's house, exposed to the sun. I saw two men flogged, and I believe there were more. I saw two men, a native min-ister and a man with a red shirt on, repinioned. The men had their wrists tied behind them, and their elbows lashed together as close as they could be brought by a man applying a knee to the back, and so getting a 'pur-chase.' I do not know when the people were first tied underŁ the trees. Later on I saw a native minister carried away, as he had faintel, and they placed him under an orange tree. This was about an hour and a half after he had been put in the sun." This oath was taken in the office of the British Vice Consul. Another swore to the following:Š o  , do hereby swear that on the morning of the twelfth inst., I witnessed several natives being thrashed and brutally treated in front of (a high chief's)touse, he himself watching the whole proceedings. Upon making inquiry, I found they were Fakaogos (Wesleyans) who had refused to join the Free church. They came from a village about twelve miles from Nu-kualofa. They were thrashed until they could scarcely speak; some fainting and others with blood streaming down their faces, were at last compelled to give in and become converts to the Free church." THE 'AFFIDAVIT OF A EUROPEAN. n , was at on January 22, 1887, .when a whole lot of painted men, naked to the waist, came up to turn the Wesleyans to the Free church. I recognized some of them. A man was asked to turn over, and he would not. He was then violently pounded with guns, and they threatened to club him. He did not turn over and they shot his pigs." All of this cruel work was carried on in utter disre-gard of the constitution of the kingdom, which guaran-tees religious freedom to the people. When the spirit of  revenge roots deeply in the soil of the human heart, govern-ment constitutions and laws are incompetent to restrain. It may have its beginning in the heart of the individual, but it is not always confined to that individual. Some-times it breaks away, overflows its confines, and becomes a torrent that sweeps millions into the abyss of eternal ruin. Often personal hatred is meted out upon helpless, innocent subjects under the cloak of piety. The ones that carried on the fiendish work in the above-mentioned place will not admit for a moment that it was religious persecution; and yet church matters were the primary cause all the way through. One of the singular features of this persecution is, that there was not a particle of difference in the creed of the old organization and that adopted by the new. It was simply a resolute determination on the part of one man, who was afterwards joined by others, to break up the old church, that a new order of things might exist under new leaders. How contrary such a spirit is to that of the meek and lowly Nazarene, who said, "Resist not evil : but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also." Not one of Christ's true followers ever raised a hand to compel any one to observe any religious institution, join any church, or accept any religious dogma. Men who are acquainted at all with the Saviour of mankind, know that he will not accept a coerced subject, and they never will go beyond persuasion, which, backed by the Spirit of God, is the only method of saving souls for whom Jesus died. Tonga, Friendly Islands, South Pacific Ocean. 1. 1 Ł  An Uncertain Sound: BY DAVID M. TRAILL. OUR esteemed contemporary, The Ram's Horn, in its issue of August 7, gives an interesting account of an in-terview between a correspondent and "the only temper-ance cabinet officer," Secretary of the Navy John D. Long. After some excellent points on the good to be gained by abstinence from intoxicants, the writer pro-ceeds as follows:Š " Then I turned to a purely religious subject and asked : 'Is prayer for divine guidance offered in the bi-weekly cabinet meetings, and do you as a Christian often feel God's presence there?' " ' Why, no, of course not,' he answered, 'The meet-ing is just like any other business conference.' " ' But do you not need wisdom from every available source at such times?' " `We certainly do need wisdom,' he replied lightly. " Antl is not God the source of all true wisdon? ' I insisted. " 'Yes; of course,' said he. "'And do you not desire the prayers of the Christians upon the Cabinet deliberations?' " `They can pray if they wish to,' he answered seri ously, but with a view-point exactly opposite to the on I presented. 