2 A.ATE,IEET[4:0_AN  VoL. 8, No. 1. held in Xenia, Ohio, to consider in par-ticular the state of the country. The convention met February 3, and on the 4th, Mr. John Alexander, then of Xenia, now of Philadelphia, presented for the consideration of the convention, a paper in which he bewailed the " human frailty and ingratitude" of the makers of the Constitution, and deplored the national sin of which they and all their posterity were guilty, because they had well-nigh legislated God out of the Government; and closed by declaring that " the most im-portant step to be taken," was "to amend the Constitution so as to acknowledge God and the authority of his law," and proposing the following " as an outline of what seemed to be needed " :Š WE, THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES, [recog-nizing the being and attributes of Almighty God, the divine authority of the Holy Scriptures, the law of God as the paramount rule, and Jesus, the Messiah, the Saviour and Lord of all,] in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and to our pos-terity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. The convention approved the spirit and design of the paper, and ordered its pub-lication. The following July 4, "a few delegates" met in Pittsburg, issued an address to the country, and formed a plan for the calling of a national convention, which met in Allegheny, January 27, 1864. It is reported as " an earnest, prayerful, and most encouraging meet-ing,." It adopted a series of resolutions, and A MEMORIAL TO CONGRESS, which latter is worth quoting, as showing the rapid growth of their designs upon the national Constitution. It runs as follows: To the Honorable, the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives, in Congress assembled: We, citizens of the United States, respectfully ask your Honorable bodies to adopt measures for amending the Constitution of the United States, so as to read in substance as follows :Š " We, the people of the United States, [humbly acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler among the nations, and his revealed will as the supreme law of the land, in order to constitute a Christian govern-ment], and in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, pro-vide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, [and secure the inalienable rights, and the blessings of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness to ourselves, our posterity, and all the people,] do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America. "And further: that such changes with respect to the oath of office, slavery, and all other mat-ters, should be introduced into the body of the Constitution, as may be necessary to give effect to these amendments in the preamble. And we, your humble petitioners, will ever pray, " etc. Resolved, That a special committee be appointed to carry the memorial to Washington, lay it before the President, and endeavor to get a special mes-sage to Congress on the subject, and to lay said message before Congress. At this same meeting also A 'PERMANENT ORGANIZATION W.a.8 EFFECTED, first called " The National Association to Secure the Religious Amendment of the Constitution of the United States," with John Alexander as president, and Zadok Street, a Quaker, as vice-president. The name of the association was afterwards shortened to what it has been ever sinceŠ" The National Reform Association." And such is the origin, organization, and aim of this regular war upon the Consti-tution and principles of our Government. From the first, churches and colleges  throughout the land have been open to the dissemination of the nefarious doc-trines of the association which have thus rapidly permeated society. The associa-tion worked alone, though steadily gain-ing influence and power, until 1885, when it secured the alliance of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Through this alliance it readily secured the further alliance, in 1887, of the Na-tional Prohibition Party. In 1888, it se-cured the alliance of the American Sab-bath Union; and through this, in 1889, it secured that which it had been earnestly seeking ever since 1881,Šan alliance with the Catholic Church. Possessing thus the weight and influ-ence of almost all the religious and religio-political elements of the country, the association, in 1888, BEGUN ITS DIRECT ATTACK UPON THE CONSTITUTION. Through Senator Henry W. Blair, a resolution was introduced in Congress to amend the Constitution with a recognition of Christianity as the national religion. With this also and as a consequence of it, there was also introduced by Senator Blair, his bill establishing the observance of Sunday as the Sabbath and the Lord's day. While Senator Blair remained in Congress, these propositions were dil-igently, and even dishonestly, urged upon the Government. Other bills to the same purpose as the Blair Sunday bill were also urged upon Congress in the same way. When Senator Blair was left out, his proposed amendment went with him; but the National Reform combination went on without it to secure their main objectŠSunday observance by national lawŠthough they knew it to be unconsti-tutional, as the Constitution stands. Thus stood the association and its legis-lative efforts at the beginning of 1892. And before the year was two-thirds gone, they had SECURED ALL THEY EVER ASKED, only not altogether in just the way they asked it. They had asked that this be made " a Christian Nation." February, 29, 1892, the Supreme Court of the United States officially and unanimously declared that " this is a Christian Nation," and justified all the evil accompaniments of that mischievous phrase, even to the divinity of Christ, * the inspiration of the Scriptures, Sunday laws and all. Of this a long-time representative National Re-former, in the Christian Statesman,, No-vember 19, 1892, breaks forth as follows :Š CHRISTIAN POLITICS. THE SUPREME COURT DECISION. THE GREATEST OCCASION FOR THANKSGIVING. [Department edited by Rev. Wm. Weir, Washington, Pa., District Secretary of the National Reform Association.) " This is a Christian Nation." That means Chris-tian Government, Christian laws, Christian institu-tions, Christian practices, Christian citizenship. And this is not an outburst of popular passion or prejudice. Christ did not lay his guiding hand there, but upon the calm, dispassionate, supreme, judicial tribunal of our Government. It is the weightiest, the noblest, the most tremendously far-reaching in its consequences of all the utterances of that sovereign tribunal. And that utterance is for Christianity, for Christ. " A Christian Na-tion ! " Then this Nation is Christ's nation, for nothing can be Christian that does not belong to him. Then his word is its sovereign law. Then the nation is Christ's servant. Then it ought to, *We would not be understood as denying the divinity of Christ nor the inspiration of the Scriptures. Both are Bible doctrines and worthy of all acceo, ation. But this Government has n ) more right t) take cognizance of these questions than has the Porte to declare that " there is but one God and Ma-hornet is hi; prophet." All such questions are beyond the proper sphere of civil government. and must, confess, love, and obey Christ. All that the National Reform Association seeks, all that this department of Christian politics works for, is toŁbe found in the development of that royal truth, " This is a Christian Nation." It is the hand of the sec-ond of our three great departments of national government throwing open a door of our national house, one that leads straight to the throne of Christ. Was there ever a Thanksgiving day before, that called us to bless our God for such marvelous ad-vances of our Government and citizenship toward Christ? " 0 sing unto the Lord ,a new song, for he hath done marvelous things; his right hand and his holy arm hath gotten him the victory. Sing unto the Lord with the harp, with the harp and the voice of a psalm." WILLIAM WEIR. The National Reformers had declared that this movement was an effort to change that feature of our fundamental law which declares that "governments de-rive their just powers from the consent of the governed," and establish the divine will as the authority in government with themselves the interpreters of that will. This Sunday legislation by Congress the National Reform combination secured, under threats such as this:Š Resolved, that we do hereby pledge ourselves and each other, that we will from this time henceforth, refuse to vote for, or support for any office or position of trust, any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further, aid for the World's Fair, except on con-ditions named in these resolutions. CONGRESS YIELDED. To these threats Congress yielded, and submitted to the dictation and demand which was thus made; and openly con-fessed that it did so because of the al-ternative conveyed in the threats. Now it is an undeniable truth, and but the statement of a principle, that, " To per-mit a church,Šany churchŠto dictate, beforehand, what laws should or should not be passed, would be to deprive the people of all the authority they have re-tained in their own hands, and to make the church the governing power instead of the people." This is precisely what the combined church power of the United States, as manipulated by the National Reformers, did under threats; and Con-gress yielded to the threats and surren-dered to the dictation. It follows, there-fore, inevitably, that the National Reform-ers have thus deprived the people of all the authority which the people had retained in their own hands, and have made themselves the governing power instead of the people. Their effort has succeeded. They have " changed that feature of our fundamental law, which declares that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." They have also established the divine will as the authority in government, with themselves as the interpreters of that will, and the governmental power as the executive of their interpretation. They had long demanded. that " the Govern-ment" should " simply set up the moral law and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." In the matter of CLOSING THE WORLD'S FAIR on Sunday, in Congressional Record, July 10, 1892, page 6614, the National Reformers and Congress made the follow-ing record :Š MR. QUAY. ŠOn pages 122, line 13, after the word " act" I move to insert: " And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the Sabbath day." The reasons for the amendment I will send to the desk to be read. The Secretary will have the kind- 