gEPTEmn2it, 28, 1893. AmmnicANt NtlpitNETL,. 301 he then goes on to prove by showing that the Bible gives no authority whatever for them. In another article; on the 5th of June, he continues the argument showing that Moral Societies are anti-evangelical, because " Christians are not at liberty to interfere with men of the world in any thing pertaining to God and conscience."  He takes the ground, also, that if all members of society anywhere are Chris-tians, they must go by the discipline given in the New Testament. These assaults brought out a host of writers on behalf of the societies, and the paper was for some time crowded with articles, mostly of very poor quality, and filled with invectives against " Candidus." By way of variety, an essay then appears in defense of "Candidus," signed "V. A. Flint," corroborating the statement of " Candidus " in regard to the practical operation of the societies. In doing this, he details the case of a poor old Revolu-tionary soldier, who, at an election in Taylorstown, indulged too freely in liquor, and was consequently fined by the society members. The old man, being exasperated at having to pay the fine, began to swear, and continued thus to vent his passion for a considerable time, during which the custodes morum in at-tendance cooly kept an exact account of the particular number of oaths. As there was a fine in every oath, the aggregate amount finally became so great that, in order to pay it, the old man had to part with the entire store of corn on which his family depended for subsistence during the winter. On the 12th of June, there appears a weak piece against "Candidus," and in the same paper another article loy V. A. Flint, in his defense. On the 19th, " Candidus " continued his exposition of principles. He shows that "the only sys-tem of pure morality is that of the Bible, especially of the New Testament, and that it must point out the only sure and effi-cient means of promoting it." Reaching down to the great basis on which all mo-rality rests, the will of the Divine Law-giver, he shows that a violation Ł of this will in any one point is the violation of the whole law, as it is a rejection of the authority on which the whole rests. He quotes the declaration of James : " He that said thou shalt not commit adultery, said also, thou shalt not steal ; " and, " If a man keep the whole law and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all." He then remarks that the law enforced by the societies "values the profanation of the ' Sabbath ' at four dollars; profanation of the Divine name at less than one dollar; drunkenness at so much, etc.," and asked why, in view of the true principles of morality, is each sin valued at a different price, and why any of them are valued at a fixed price, etc. At this juncture, a letter appears from Mr. Findley, attribut- ing the authorship of " Candidus" to Mr. Campbell, and endeavoring to cast asper-sions upon his character. 'In the next paper, a letter from Mr. Campbell, over his own signature, addressed to Mr. Find-ley, demanding the proof of his assertions, to which Mr. F. made no reply. It was just at this time that Mr. Camp-bell became engaged in an oral debate on baptism with Mr. John Walker, a minister of the Secession, and which was held at Mt. Pleasant on the 19th and 20th of June. This debate, and the subsequent prepara-tion of it for the press by Mr. Campbell, interrupted, for a time, on his part, the discussion in regard to the Moral Societies. Returning to the charge, however, in the latter part of July, he resumes the train of argument he had introduced, which, in order to avoid breaking the connection, will be here pursued to the close. In this article on August 31, "Candidus " argues the unconstitutionality of the pro-ceedings of the Moral Societies, because the Constitution gave the right to all to worship God according to their conscience, expressly declaring " no one can be com-pelled to erect, attend, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any min-istry against his consent," and that the observance of the Sabbath, or of any other day, is purely a right of conscience. In subsequent essays, he takes the ground that " officers of the church have no right to interfere with the execution of the law, or to supersede civil officers legally ap-pointed, as, in presuming to do so, they assume that the civil officers are insuffi-cient. It is, however, made the duty of the magistrates to be vigilant in enforcing the law, as they are appointed for the very purpose of maintaining the good order of society, being ordained of God for the punishment of evil-doers and the praise of those who do well." Continuing his essays during the winter, " Candidus " criticised Judge Rush's charge upon the institution of the " Sabbath, in Luzern® County, Pa.,and shows that there is no law in the ew Testament prescribing the first day of the week as the " Sabbath." Hitherto the writers against "Candidus" had displayed so little ability that they had not offered even a plausible refutation of one of his arguments, and the cause of the Moral Societies seemed to be in quite a hopeless state. But on the 12th of Feb-ruary, there appeared against " Candidus " a new writer of a different stamp, who signed himself " Timothy," and whose articles were written in much superior style. They were clearer and argumenta-tive, entering into the merits of the ques-tion and discussing the matters involved, with a manliness and vigor which formed quite a contrast with the feebleness which had heretofore characterized the writers upon that side. In these essays, "Timothy" referred to "Candidus" as "Mr. C.," and continued them for several weeks without any reply from the latter. The impression hence became general that, feeling him-self unable to meet the -reasoning of " Timothy," " Candidus " had abandoned the discussion; and it was then whispered round that " Timothy " was none other than Rev. Andrew Wylie, D.D., who had, some time before, become president of Washington College. At length, upon the 16th of April, " Can-didus " reappears, reviewing the progress of the discussion up to that time. To this "Timothy" replies, admitting that the pre-vious opponents of "Candidus" had injured their cause. In the same paper, another article appears from " Candidus," who ap-pears to be conscious that he has now an opponent worthy of regard, and therefore takes hold of "Timothy's" arguments with more than usual power. In subsequent numbers he ably exposes the plausible sophisms of " Timothy," and sustains the position he had himself taken, while the replies of "Timothy" become feeble and are at last discontinued. Candidus," accord- ingly, on the 6th of August, 1821, sums up the controversy,' and, supposing that " Timothy" had retired, challenges him to debate the whole question from beginning, either orally or in the Reporter. To this, on the 20th, " Timothy " replies, saying he  had not retired, but would continue to write as long as Mr. C. advanced g,ny thing worthy of notice, and endeavors then to show that Mr. C.'s reasoning was falla-cious. This he followed up in two long articles, which were devoted to invective rather than argument, and treated side-issues rather than the main question. Resuming the subject on the 17th of Sdp-tember, " Candidus " addressed the public through the Reporter, apologizing for the discursive style of the previous discussion, during which he had been induced to fol-low his opponents into matters irrelevant. He charges " Timothy " with having pur-sued an improper course in his article, and with having written a scurrilous poem which had appeared in the Reporter. He further says that he has made an arrange-ment with his friend Mr. Sample to have the controversy conducted thenceforth in a proper style, and that he will now fur-nish a column regularly, as a new series of articles. The first of these accompanies this address, and states the argument (which, at this time was confined to the " Sabbath " question), as follows :Š The whole of the precepts or commands of the Christian religion are contained in the New Testa-ment. But there is no precept or command in the New Testament, to compel by civil law, any man who is not a Christian, to pay any regard to the Lord's day, any more than to any other day. Therefore, to compel a man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day, more than to any other day, is without authority in the Christian religion. The statement of his second argument is as follows :Š The gospel commands no duty which can be per-formed without faith in the Son of God. Whatever is not of faith is sin. But to compel men destitute of faith to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is commanding duty to be performed without faith in God. Therefore, to command unbelievers or natural men to observe, in any sense, the Lord's day, is anti-evangelical or contrary to the gospel. (Conclusion next week.) A Lutheran Pastor on Sunday Laws. 367 Clinton Ave., Albany, N. Y. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL : The SEN-TINEL, on account of its independent tone, pure sentiment, and watchful character, well deserves a place at the fireside of every patriotic American citizen. Its avowed aim is to preserve intact the purity of the Constitution of this glorious Republic, and to reserve for the true Christian religion her rightful claim. That holy purpose can only be accomplished by keeping (as did our forefathers, the found-ers of this Government) forever separate State and Church. The separation of Church and State is both constitutional and biblical, as Christ's words prove, " My kingdom is not of this world." Therefore render unto Ctesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Now, although I heartily indorse your articles, I cannot subscribe to an assertion made in the edi-tion of September 14, vol. 8, No. 36, page 281, that the professed Protestant churches of the United States are completely apos-tate. The Lutheran Church, a potent factor in religious circles, did not go to Rome. It did not clamor for Sunday-closing at the Fair. It recognized the fact, that the display of progress to be exhibited at the Columbian Exposition, was an arrangement entereeoFthe nations and governments of the world (hence the 