228 AMERICAN SENTINEL. that Word no warrant for a law to enforce Sabbath observance upon the people, and nothing which will justify them in doing detective work, or hiring others to do it, on the "Lord's day." It would seem to us that a declaration from the Lord would more appropriately introduce a call to prayer for the "Lord's day" than one from the Supreme Court, honorable and distinguished though that body be. Still the Supreme Court's declaration is right to the point, while the Scripture contains nothing that is to the point in behalf of observing Sunday. Nor does it make out a very strong case for the nation's Christianity to say that "in nothing is this more apparent than in the respect shown to the Sab_ bath." The great complaint made by Sunday observ-ance advocates is that Sunday isnot respected even by church members, to say nothing of the multitudes con-stituting the remainder of the people. Certainly if the respect shown to the Sabbath in this country is to be balanced against the disrespect shown to it here, the -scale will show an overwhelming preponderance of the latter; and if this is the best evidence to be had as proof that the nation is Christian, then certainly the opposite doctrine must be considered as established by the exist-ing facts. Anti-Sunday-Excursion Bill in Maine. From this it is apparent that Sundaytraveling and Sunday recreation in Maine are forbidden by the Sun-day law of that State, and therefore Sunday excursions are prohibited, unless they can. be  accomplished with-out travel or recreation. And therefore the proposed anti-excursion bill regulating Sunday travel, is, by its implied justification of the same, really against the Sunday law of the State. And this is, no doubt, the reason for the provision that nothing in the proposed measure shall be con-strued to affect in any way the existing Sunday law. But if it does not in any way affect the lawŠif it is not, as has been shown, really against the lawŠwhat force can be given to its language at all? We do not see that the Maine Sunday law needs any amendment to make it cover all the ground of possible Sunday desecration. It prohibits both work and recreation; so that the person who does not want to go to church or occupy himself with religious devo-tions, must get through the day as best he can in idle-ness. It cuts off from him every source of occupation except such as is provided by that being who is always finding "work for idle hands to do." What more can the Sunday-law people want than this? Why do they not go to work to enforce the Maine Sunday law as it is? The Sabbath Needs Not the Civil Power. THE following bill aimed at Sunday excursions in Maine will be introduced at the next session of the legis-lature of that State:Š "The rates for travel on Sunday on all railroad trains operated in whole or in part in Maine, and all steamboats, electric roads, and all public conveyances shall be in all cases the regular passenger rates of said railroad, steamboat, electric road, or public convey-ance; and in no instance for any purpose on Sunday shall excursion rates or any rate less than the regular passenger rate be granted by any means or in any way, directly or indirectly, to any person or persons by any railroad, steamboat, electric road, or any public con-veyance,under penalty of a fine of ten dollars and costs, for each and every passenger carried for less than the regular passenger rate. "Nothing in this law shall be construed as in any sense affecting any Sunday law now in force." In view of this proposed measure it is interesting to note the provisions of a section of the Maine Sunday law, as follows:Š "SECTION 20. Whoever on the Lord's day, keeps open his shop, workhouse, warehouse, or place of busi-ness; travels, or does any work, labor or business on that day, except works of necessity or charity; uses any sport, game, or recreation; or is present at any dancing, public diversion, show, or entertainment, en-couraging the same, shall be punished by fine not ex-.ceeding ten dollars." (Italics ours,) BY H. W. REED. THERE are thousands of honest-hearted people in the world who believe in Sunday sacredness because they have thus been taught. They have supposed that Christ and his apostles observed the first day in the same manner that God and Christ observed the seventh day at creation. Such are surprised to learn that ces-sation from Sunday labor was not prohibited by the apostles in their day, but was by a heathen emperor hundreds of years after the death of all the apostles. This is the truth, however, and we will give a quotation agreeable to this:Š "The Sunday was at first distinguished merely by peculiar prayers and passages of the Scripturefi. It does not appear to have been strictly observed as a day of cessation from labor before the reign of Constantine. By the decree of that emperor (A. D. 321) public busi-ness, and military exercises, were suspended. The coun-cil of Laodicea (A. D. 360) forbade labor in general terms."ŠBrande's Encyclopedia, p. 1203, Art. "Sun-day." Bythis quotation it is seen that it was by the decree of a Roman emperor that public business and military exercises were suspended on Sunday. But this was not until A. D. 321. Cessation from labor alone does not 