FEBRUARY 27, 1896. .A—MIJE ELICA, N ILA 71 to rise above holidayism. The core of the Statesman's complaint is couched in the fol- lowing:Š According to this arraignment, to teach men to observe one day in seven as a day of rest and worship ; to advocate the stopping of the whirl of business that men may have a day of refreshment at home and in the house of God ; to sustain our State sabbath laws that there may be no infringement of the right of the citizen to such a day of rest and worship, is to sow decay of conscience and to destroy conscience, just because the day which it is thus sought to have ob-served is not the seventh day of the week. This is by no means a full statement of the case, nor a fair statement of our position. We have said repeatedly that the Sabbath question is far greater than the issue between two days, a fact which we beg the Statesman to note and remember. The Sabbath has been displaced under the theory that it be-longs to the Jews only, and is not binding on Christians. No-Sabbathism and the falsehood of an abrogated fourth commandment lie at the bottom of the present state of things. And however devout the Statesman may be in trying to compromise between the whole truth and no-Sabbathism by " teaching men to ob-serve one day in seven as a day of rest and worship," it does not rise above the essential error which has poisoned the public mind, destroyed regard for the Sabbath, and made it impossible to secure a conscientious regard for Sunday. The only approach to anything like Sabbathism which Sunday has ever gained was during the brief Puritan period when men taught that the law of God was absolutely binding in its application to one definite day. But' since the effort to transfer the law to Sanday had neither logic nor Scripture back of it, it soon failed. The Statesman is still intent on the hopeless task of resuscitating Sunday by its " one-day-in-seven " theory, al-though by its own confession, the decline of Sunday is rapidly increasing even where the Statesman has most influence. We do not give it as an " opinion" that this one-seventh-of-time theory, and the no-Sabbathism which underlies it, destroy conscience. History shows that whenever and wherever that theory prevails holydayism abounds and conscience disappears. The charges against Christians which abound in the columns of the Statesman prove what we say. It says that Christians generally believe that Sunday is the Sabbath according to its one-day-in-seven compromise, and though believing thus that their lack of conscience,Šas in the case of the Sunday newspaperŠmakes them the determining fac-tor in supporting what it calls the greatest foe of Sunday sacredness. Copious extracts from the columns of the Statesman would prove all that we charge against it and the Chris-tians whom it so freely denounces when it is not trying to answer and evade the demands of the Sabbath. The Statesman declares that it does not charge us with destroying conscience because we insist on the observance of the Sabbath. Why not ? Because we base the entire Sab-bath issue upon conscience as related to the law of God. We make no appeal to civil law or the custom of the majority; the two things which the Statesman always pushes to the front. The most it ever dares to say about the Sunday and the law of God is that certain inferences make it appear that Sunday " as a day of rest and worship," has taken the place of the Sabbath under the general principles of that law. " General inferences" form no basis for conscience. If this were a matter for courtesy and good feeling we would try to outdo the Statesman in reciprocating its refusal to charge us with  destroying conscience. We mean to abound in courtesy and good fellowship, but the points at issue are facts, not courtesy. It is a cold, hard, sad fact that where the theories,  which the Statesman teaches abound, and where they have ripened into fruitage, con-science touching either the Sabbath or Sunday is dead or dying. Nay, more. Conscience toward God's law as a whole is also gone,, and much of the prevalent wickedness in Christian nations comes because the theory of an abro-gated fourth commandment means an abro-gated Decalogue. It is not " interpretation," but fact, that anarchy and nihilism are born and bred where the no-lawism which the Statesman teaches in fact, though trying to conceal it by words, have ruled the Church for centuries: where civil law and popular custom stand between men and the law of God. It is such facts which neither the Statesman nor the Sabbath Outlook can evade on which we build. THE FARCE OF GOVERNMENTAL RELIGION. [Twentieth Century, January 30.] THE chaplain of the House is certainly doing a great deal by his " prayers" to stir up ran-cor among the members. Being very partisan in his views, he manages each day to inject something into his prayer offensive to those holding opposite views, thus taking an unfair advantage of his position. If this thing is going to continue, it would be only fair that each party represented in the House should have its own chaplain, so that when, as re-cently, additional protection to American man-ufactures was prayed for another'could respond by praying for the blessings of free trade. Of course, this is bringing the question of relig-ion into ridicule. But every question should have fair play,- and if the farce must continue of holding public prayer in the House, at least the views of one member are as worthy of being prayed for as those of another. Let us be just in all things. CHURCH AND STATE UNITED. [Manhattan (Kan.) Republic, Sept. 20, 1895.] THE people of the United States are theoretically opposed to any union of Church and State. and they ought to be. But they practically favor such union when they silently consent to abrogate that idea in permitting the United States Government to arm the so-called military schools of the churches, as it is doing in so many places. Who can name a Republican paper, a Democratic pa-per, or a church paper that opposes such proceedings ? ' " AN APPEAL TO BAPTISTS'." WE have received from the author, George B., Wheeler, for " fifteen years a Baptist cler-gyman," a copy of a 38-page pamphlet bear-ing the above title. It is neatly printed on excellent paper, and every page of it is full of interesting facts and telling arguments. We do not just like the arrangement of this pam-phlet, especially would we criticise the title-page : it is too abrupt and has too much on it. The pamphlet is however valuable, pre- senting as it does an array of evidence that must carry conviction to honest minds. Price 5 cents. For sale by the New England Tract Society, South Lancaster, Mass. THE RIGHTS of the PEOPLE Or Civil Covernment and Religion 'By Alonzo 'P. Jones. An Up-to-Date Pamphlet on the Principles of Religious Liberty. This book cannot fail to be of great value to all in the study of the series of S. S. Lessons on Religious Liberty for the last three months of 1895. It was not wr.tten to go with these lessons, but it is fortunate and timely that it should be pub-lished at this time. "THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE" contains fifteen chap-ters, the following being a portion of the chapter headings :Š Christianity and the Roman EmpireŠWhatUs due' to God and What to CesarŠThe Powers That ;BeŠHow; the United State Became a Christian NationŠWhat is the Nation 1ŠWho Made the Nation 1ŠReligious Right in the United StatesŠReligious Right InvadedŠThe People's Right of AppealŠNational Precedent on Right of Appeal ŠSunday-law Movement in the Fourth Century and Its Parallel in the NineteenthŠWill the People Assert and Maintain Their Rights;`ŠReligious Rights in the States. In the four appendixes to the book are given the Declaration of IndependenceŠThe Constitution of the United StatesŠThe Dred Scott Decision, and the " Christian Nation " Decision. This is a book of permanent value for reference and study and one that all should possess. It contains 354 pages with several illustrations, is issued as No. 32 of the Religious Lib-erty Library, and is bound in paper covers. Price 40 cents. A Finer Edition on laid paper is also ready. It is neatly bound in cloth. Price One -Dollar. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. FACTS : FOR : THE : TIMES, --CONTAINING-- Historical Extracts, Candid Admissions from Authors, ancient and modern, on the live questions of the present hour, political and religious.  A BOOK FOR THE TIMES. A compilation of facts that are astounding, by Students of Biblical and Historical Research. 340 pages. Wine-colored cloth binding. PRICE, Post-paid, - - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TTTNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, ana connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It, has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter and 6025 feet, or more than a mile long. The length of the approaches. in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all mla a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grant Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. , T. A. C. & G. T. Rh', MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO. ILL. FRANK P. 11) Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. Ry., 271 BROADWAY NF:w YORK CITY. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS Sweeping Everything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: H1711 MESSRS COON Baos.: Milwaukee,Wis. Jan. 19, 1896. Please send me 30 more "Cyclones" as soon as convenient. All to whom we have sold the " Cyclone" are well pleased with it and say that they like it better each time they use it. I will enclose some of their testimonials. JAMES CAMPBELL. 