218 THE AMERICAN.  SENTINEL. spect and observance of it; and if it be not sacred; then it ought not to be either re- spected or observed by anybody; and any attempt to compel the respect or observ-ance of it is simply an attempt to compel men to do that which is wrong in itself, to compel them to sin, to compel them in a sense to commit idolatry in that it com- pels them to respect and observe and re-cognize as a sacred, a holy thing, that which has no such character. Again, it is but proper to say that if a thing be sacred indeed, it needs no help whatever. Its sufficiency is in itself; and if it is not sacred, then no sufficiency ought to be manufactured for it nor added to it. Let its lack of sacredness be dis-covered and exposed as soon as possible, and the sooner the better for all concerned, and the more honor to him who does it first and most completely. But this is just the trouble with the Sunday institu-tion. It has no sacredness of its own to which appeal can be made, or which can be urged upon the consciences of men, and this these people know. We have given in these columns their own state-ments, repeated, that there is no definite command, that there is no word of Christ, declaring it sacred or enjoining its observ-ance. The only basis which Mrs. Bate-ham presented for it is the probability that Christ spoke about it in the forty days he was with his disciples after the resurrec-tion, but of which there is no record what-ever;   and the only basis which the Amer-ican Sabbath Union has given for it is a " spontaneous growth " in the minds of the early Christians. They know that it has no sacredness, and mankind being in itself unholy, never can give to anything any shadow of a sacred character. And knowing this, and realizing their inability to secure respect for it as a sacred thing upon any such basis, they demand that the Government shall declare that it is sacred, that it is holy, and shall exert the profane power of government to compel all men to recognize, respect, and observe, this declared sacredness. Such is only to cause the Government to usurp the place and prerogative of God; to re-establish the old office of Pontifex Maximus, which in a little while would be merged in a relig-ious dictator, otherwise a pope. So that, as a matter of fact, Sunday, as a " sacred " day, does bear in itself the Papacy, and laws compelling its observance simply compel men to do honor to the Papacy as in the place of God. The last part of the first sentence of Mrs. Bateham's answer is as dishonest as the first part is disingenuous. She says that the day recognized by the vast ma-jority as a sacred day should be chosen, " rather than one so held by less than one half of one per cent. of the people." In this she refers to the seventh day, observed by the Seventh-day Baptists, Seventh-day Adventists, and some Jews; and the state-ment implies that this is simply a contest  between two days as to which shall be ob-served and that those who observe the seventh day are arguing that that day should-  be recognized as a sacred day and enforced; but she and all the Sunday-law workers know full well that that is not the case in any sense. They know that those who observe the seventh day do not ask for any governmental recognition of the thing at all, nor any laws requiring anybody to observe it in any way what-ever. They not only know this but they know that the Seventh-day Adventists at least, absolutely deny the right of any government to legislate in any way re-specting it, even to the extent of embody-ing in a Sunday law any such exemption as that which the Sunday-law workers have so very " generously " offered. Therefore it is not honest for any of these to state even by implication that the ob-servers of the seventh day even desire, much less require, any governmental recognition or enforcement of such observ-ances either upon themselves or anybody else. The last sentence of the answer is of much the same character as the first one. It says that the " bill speaks of the first day of the week without touching the vexed question as to which is the Sabbath." That is to say that the bill proposes to de-clare that Sunday is a sacred, holy day, and the only one, and shall compel people to observe it as such, and by so doing avoids, not only the vexed question, but any question at all as to which is the Sab-bath. In other words, the law is to de-clare that day, and it only, is the Sabbath, and everybody must recognize and ob-serve it as such without any question. The Government, at the dictation of the Sun-day-holiness folks is to decide that, and that is to be the end of it. Now, let us say again that we do not object at all to anybody's observing Sun-day. Every man has a right to observe it if he thinks it ought to be observed, but we forever deny the right of those who observe it to compel anybody else to observe it, and we deny their right to commit the Government to any such course, or to use the governmental power for any such purpose. We deny the right of any government on earth to do anything of the kind even of its own vo-lition. With such things the Govern-ment has nothing whatever to do, and never can of right have anything to do. These things pertain solely to man's rela-tionship to God and their own consciences, and there let them remain without any interference or control whatever on the part of anybody. A. T. J THE time has come when we must not only allow religious liberty to all sects, we must demand religious liberty for all sects. We have passed the limit of simple toleranoe.ŠRev. Dr. Crowe. Phariseeism. JESUS said to the Pharisees, " Woe unto you, Scribes and Pharisees, hypo- crites ! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess. . . . ye are like unto whited sepulchres which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within full of dead men's bones and of all uncleanness." This is the Saviour's description of ancient Phariseeism, and it is therefore the best and truest that can be given. It is the design of this article to discuss ancient Phariseeism only long enough to show that there is a modern revival of the same detestable thing in all - its hideous deformity. The thing is not only the same, but the cause is the same. What was the cause of the Phariseeism of the time of Christ ? It was the result of a false theocracy. It was God's pur-pose to rule over the Israelites himself, and at first ho did so. The kingdom of Israel was then a true theocracy, the only one the World has ever seen. This is, and must ever remain the perfect ideal of government. God is infinite in goodness and in wis-dom. Because he is infinite in goodness he- always desires what is best for the people, and what is best for them is al-ways the best for his own honor and glory. Because he is infinite in wisdom, he always knows just what is bestŠknows it better than any one man in the nation, and bet-ter than the majority of men in the na- tion. Therefore, a true theocracy, to every devout believer in God, must ever remain the ideal of government, far in advance of monarchy or republicanism. The redeemed saints will be ruled over thus by God, but even God himself could not, by force of outward law, change the man inwardly, and therefore, to his an-cient people, and all the way along, he gave the gospelŠa revelation of his infinite loveŠto win the hearts of men to him, and purify them from sin. It is the gos-pel only that can purify the heart from sin. Man can not do it himself, and no outward force of law or public opinion can accomplish it for him. Saith the Lord, "Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots ? then may ye do good, that are accustomed to do evil." Jer. 13 : 23. The Israelites rejected God as their king, and demanded a king like the na- tions around them. For a time theso kings submitted partially to the direction of God's inspired prophets, and so the government still remained, in a partial sense, a theocracy. Finally they rejected God, and put to death his prophets, and still the rulers claimed the right to govern and dictate in all things, both civil and religious, as God had--once done. Thus was the prerogative of moral government taken out of the hands of God, who alone can read the heart, and know its moral or 