296 .A.101131Eti CAIN s-FINT-Prisimi, VoL. 11, No. 37. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 17, 1896. re"' ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. IF you have an agnostic neighbor loan him your copy of this week's SENTINEL. It may do him good. Ł THE striking cartoon on the second page is by a Tennessee artist, and is not therefore in-spired by sectional prejudice. IT is reported that Satolli's successor, Sebastian Martinelli, will leave Rome to enter upon the office of "apostolic delegate" to the United States, about the end of the present month. IT has been judicially decided in Illinois that plowing on Sunday in sight of a public road is not a disturbance of the public peace, and hence not a violation of the statute. Read the synopsis of the decision from the Globe-Democrat on page 293. AMONG the important articles to appear in our next number will be an editorial on " Christian Citizenship in Babylon," an article by Elder Geo. E. Fifield on " Christ Worship vs. Creed Worship," and "Religious Persecution in Tennessee," by Elder H. W. Reed, a Tennessee minister. THE Armenian revolutionary society has issued another manifesto, which embodies twelve demands, the chief one being that of autonomy for the Armenians. The document also declares that the Armenians will fight for their rights until the last of them shall have been killed. Meanwhile the English government, it is reported, will act inde-pendently of the other powers in dealing with the Sultan, and stands ready to employ force to prevent further massacres. This attitude of Great Britain is said to be due to action on the part of Queen Victoria. ROMAN Catholics in England have entered upon an active propaganda among the masses of the people. The Catholic World for Sep-tember says that "street preaching has begun in earnest " in that country "under the most approved auspices." The modus operandi is as follows: "Father John Vaughan, a brother of the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster, has the matter in hand." "His method is to secure professional Catholic laymen, who have attractive presence and are good talkers, and on Sunday afternoon gather a crowd of listeners in some open parks and address the  crowd on some vital topics of religious inter-est." The plan " is already meeting with a certain measure of success," says the World. The Turkish Legation at Washington has received the following communication from the Sublime Porte:Š We have been informed that a great number of Jewish families who have emigrated from Russia to the United States intend to establish themselves in Turkey. The access of the empire is expressly for-bidden to the Jewish emigrants. Referring to this notice from the Porte, the Christian Advocate remarks: " Under all the circumstances we feel like congratulating the Jews." Sure enough! THE papal project of making the Roman Catholic Church in America independent of the Roman propaganda, begun by the ap-appointment of Satolli as "apostolic" delegate to this country, is now said to be practically perfected. The plan demands the establish-ment of an ecclesicstical tribunal which will be a court of last resort. This tribunal will, it is said, be of the same general character and standing as the nunciature of Madrid. The' Catholic Church here will be treated as if the United States were a Catholic nation. THE bishop of Tamaulipas, Mexico, has made himself a candidate for church disci-pline by the daring heresy of expressed dis-belief in the reality of the traditional appari-tion of the " Virgin of Guadaloupe." His action has, it is said, involved the tradition in much doubt in the public mind, so that in the City of Mexico it has become a subject of fierce discussion and controversy, and the church officials fear that a serious division will result. The bishop has been forced to resign, and the Vatican has been appealed to for instructions. GOD has given man his weekly day of rest. If any man does not have it, it is not God's fault, but his own. God gives the day to him every week. No man is so poor that the sev-enth day does not come to him the same as it comes to the millionaire. That is the rest-day; and all he has to do is to accept it when it comes, and " keep it." Let him not say, I cannot keep it; for the Almighty has said to him and to all, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy; " and that command is a promise of divine power to every person who has faith in God's word. God never asks man to do a thing without providing a way to do it. Thus every command of God, seen with the eye of faith, becomes a promise. Ł THE Monitor (Roman Catholic), of the 29th ult., tells of the imprisonment in the city of Rome of a Protestant missionary who " dis-tributed tracts to the people as they went in and out of church " on the occasion of " the recent celebration of our Lady of Mount Car- mel." The article of the Penal Code stretched to cover this case reads as follows:Š Whoever, in order to offend a worship admitted by the State, prevents or disturbs the exercise of reli-gious functions or ceremonies, is punished with im-prisonment for not more than three months, and with a fine of from fifty to five hundred francs. This law, proper enough in itself, for all peaceable assemblies or exercises, whether re-ligious or otherwise, ought to be protected, has been perverted to forbid the distribution of Protestant tracts! and Rome in America justifies this Romish intolerance. WE commend the following paragraph from the Christian Observer, Louisville, to indiv-iduals who cannot see why clergymen are not morally bound by allegiance to the ten com-mandments, to take part in the discussion of political questions:Š " Christ set us the example of refusing any entanglements between the gospel and the political issues of earth. Render therefore to Omsar the things that be Cmsar's, and unto God the things that are God's.' The duty of honesty ought to be preached.' Yes, but this can be done without entering upon the question whether the platform of the one party or the other is the right one. Let the minister proclaim the principles of the gospel; leaving to the hearer the task of applying it to his own vote." OUR new Bourgeois Premium Bible which goes with the SENTINEL one year for $3.50 is being well received. See what they say about it on page 295. The thought has occurred to us that there may be those who desire to take advantage of our Premium Offer but who do not find it consistent at the present time to remit to us the full amount of $3.50. If there be such they can send $1.00 now and get the SENTI-NEL, and when covenient, they can send the remaining $2.50 and get the Bible. WAR is the most terrible of all public evils, and is injurious generally to religion. Kill-ing people is war; loving people is religion. War contradicts God's " Thou shalt not kill." War is the resort of barbarism, the reverse of law. Just as men fight when there is no law and kill each other with bowie knives, so na-tions fight with armies. It is a lawless, inhu-man way of settling disputes.ŠN. Y. Inde-pendent. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Entered at the New York Post-Office. Single copy, per year, - - - In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 25 and under 50  " 50 and under 100 "  100 or more t< 4 t f t To foreign countries in Postal Union, - Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK, 1 year - 75c 1 " - 60c 1 " - 55c 1 " - 50c 1 " - 5s 