320 AMERICAN SENTINEL. war to be perfectly compatible with ChristianityŠthat Christians can go to war and still be Christians! Read the following from a sermon on Sunday, April 30, by Rev. Frank C. Bruner, of Grace M. E. Church, Chicago, on "The Sword in American Civilization":Š "The sword is a great history-maker. There is such a thing as a Christian war. Such to-day is the case in the Philippines. Nothing can check the advance in the Philippines. It is the hand of God in history. The pes-simists may howl about the slaughter of the innocent and hold their anti-expansion meetings. It will avail nothing. They mistake the signs of the times. God is marching on. Some of these timid souls forget the hero is the stuff out of which divine history is made. The thunder of George Dewey's guns had the roar of a marked civilization in them. Manila, the Venice of the Orient, is to become the hub of a new civilization. It is to radiate the light of American intelligence to the utter-most rim of the 1,200 islands. The crack of the rifles of General Otis' advancing army has in it the music of the coming of the Son of man. In a hundred years that ter-ritory, equal in English miles to Great Britain and Ire-land, will be under the sway of the Son of God, the fruit of the triumph of the American sword. Nothing can change the sovereignty of human history. The purpose of God is ripe in the present conflict. He who opposes the struggle hits the providence of God in the face." Is it not high time that there were a revival of the preaching of the gospel of peace? Is there not a loud call for the message of that angel of the Revelation, "flying in the midst of heaven having the everlasting gospel to preach to them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people"? Jesus Christ is the prince of peace, not war. His gos-pel is the gospel of peace, not war. The preachers of his gospel are sent to preach "peace by Jesus Christ." These preachers that preach war are not the minis-ters of Christ, whatever their profession may be. Gen-eral Sherman, one of the greatest warriors of modern times, in the quiet of times of peace, soberly declared that "War is hell." How can any Christian, then, go to war? How can any Christian preacher preach in favor of war? "Babylon is fallen, is fallen." Apostasy, apos-tasy, apostasy, has overtaken the church. A. T. J. Ir the legislature can properly tell an individual what is allowed on the Sabbath and what is a desecra-tion of the day, the legislature can take the place of con-science in the matter of Sabbath observance; and if it can take the place of conscience in this matter, it can take it in other matters as well, and the individual con- science can be dispensed with. - And this is exactly the tendency of religious legisla-tion. It invades the realm of conscience, and wherever conscience consents to the invasion, it is weakened, and the individual robbed in like degree of his manhood. Legislation which destroys manhood is not a bless-ing to any land, but a curse. Popery in Protestantism. POPERY is the religion of human nature. Human nature calls for a pope, and loves to be led by one. It is only the divine nature, the nature conferred by Chris-tianity, that frees men from the influence of the spirit of popery. And as Protestantism, in the nominal sense, is not synonymous with Christianity, but embraces vast numbers in whom the divine nature has not supplanted the human, it is only to be expected that in such Prot- estantism there will be seen outcroppings of popery. The system of Mormonism is nominally Protestant, but represents popery full-fledged. Popery is seen wher_ ever the word of finite man is laid down as of binding authority in matters of conscience; and of this instances are, unfortunately, not at all scarce, on scales of greater or less magnitude, in the nominally Protestant bodies. Just now public attention is being called to an ex- ample of this kind in the city of Chicago. This example is furnished by the "Zion" Church of Dr. Alexander-Dowie. In making note of this growing religious institu- tion, a late issue of the N. Y. Independent says:Š "What requires serious warning is the new develop-ment which proposes to erect this Zion of Dr. Dowie's into a financial, perhaps political, organization very much like that of the Mormon Church. In a late number of The Leaves of Healing, which is Dr. Dowie's organ, he issues an order, as general overseer, to the members of his 'Christian Catholic Church in all parts of the world.' It is on the subject of tithes, and it commands that every member shall contribute a tithe of his income for the purposes of the church. These tithes go to Zion Storehouse, and are administered by Dr. Dowie and hisŁ assistants appointed by him. For he is apparently the absolute dictator of this remarkable denomination, as. absolute as ever was Brigham Young. This is the way he lays down his commands for tithes:Š "`I have no fear of being misunderstood, and it is only wicked and unregenerate hearts that could doubt my statements. Zion is no place for those who do not trust their general overseer, and who will not obey our Lord and Master's commands. " 'Elders, evangelists,-  deacons or deaconesses, and conductors of the gatherings of the friends of Zion, will please read these words to all members in conference as-sembled. I also charge such officers to report immedi-ately any who will not obey, and who speak disrespect-fully of or dispute this order. " 'This order must not be discussed. It must be obeyed. "'Immediate suspension will follow disobedience, and, if there is not repentance and obedience, then we shall cut off all who so conduct themselves from those who are enrolled in Zion. "'Obligations to family, obligations to the State, and business obligations and debts of every kind, must not be dealt with until the whole tithe has been sent into. Zion's Storehouse: 'God must be first, and God must be last in all things. 