756 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. tute a feature of much importance and interest. East of the Fore-Court about fifteen acres are de-voted to the State and foreign buildings, ranged about a court that is made gay with fountains, flow-ers and other suitable exterior embellishments. Exposition Buildings. The largest buildings of the Exposition are those devoted to manufactures and liberal arts, and ma-chinery and transportation. They are marked Nos. 10 and II respectively on the diagram. Each of these covers over four acres of land, the dimensions being Soo by 350 feet. In the center of each is a broad court, in which is a long pool of water with a central fountain. Winding paths are bordered with shrubs and flowers, and sodded banks reach down to the water's crystal edge. Settees for the comfort of visitors will be liberally supplied. The central fountain will be visible from 'any of 'the four main entrances through broad aisles that lead to the court. The Agricultural Building (12) and the Elec-tricity Building (13) are companion structures in size, each being1500 by 15o feet. They front on the Mall, which passes on the south side. Between them is the tall electric tower. The Government group (2-2-2) consists of three buildings, forming the eastern boundary of the trans-verse court or esplanade. The main building is 600 by 130 feet, with a central dome 250 feet above the floor. Two curved colonnades will extend from near the middle of the west side of the main build-ing 162 feet to the two lesser buildings, forming a semi-circular court. The two smaller buildings will be 15o feet square. They will contain the aqua-riums and exhibits of the United States Weather Bureau and the new collections from Porto. Rico, Hawaii and the Philippine Islands. The large num-ber of other exhibits belonging to the Federal Gov-ernment will find a place in the main building. At the opposite or western end of the Esplanade are the Horticultural (7), Forestry and Mines (5) and Graphic Arts (6) buildings, connected by curved col-onnades, forming a semi-circular court similar to that enclosed by the Government group. The Horticul- tural Building is 220 feet square with a central lan-tern 236 feet high. The others of the group are each 150 feet square with pavilions ninety-eight feet above ground. Large conservatories are entered through the colonnades. The Stadium (0) will be the grandest sporting arena ever erected on the Western Continent. Its circumference, covering about ten acres, will be larger than the colosseum, of. Rome. The top row of seats will be sixty-two feet from the ground and the seating capacity is estimated for 25,000 specta-tors. It will contain a quarter-mile racing track and abundant space within for all sorts of athletic games and contests. The space beneath the seats will be used for exhibition. purposes, ,being the equivalent of a very large building. The main en- trance to the Stadium (2) be from the Plaza, at the west end, through an ornamental' building 241 feet long and fifty-two feet wide. The Live Stock buildings (03) will, cover about ten acres, and are east of the Agricultural and Man-ufactures buildings. The Albright Art Gallery, the gift .of J. J. Al-bright, costing $35o,000, will occupy a site in the park, and will be a permanent edifice. It will serve the purpose of 'an art building for the Exposition, and the fine collection of paintings and sculptures belonging to the Buffalo Fine Arts Academy will be transferred to it, there to remain. A mainte-nance fund of $10o,000 is being raised by private subscription and is nearly all subscribed. A Famous Carillon. The largest and finest chime of bells in the Wes-tern world, belonging to St. Joseph's Cathedral, Buffalo, will contribute their music to the grandeur of the Exposition. This splendid carillon consists of forty-three bells and cost $25,000. The bells weigh from twenty-five pounds up to 5,068 pounds. A special campanile will be built for them at the Exposition, and a new arrangement will permit their proper ringing by means of an electro-mechani- 