402 AMERICAN SENTINEL. is the product of a law as certain as the law of gravita-tion. Un-Christian Endeavor. THE Christian Endeavor leaders are swinging the youthful enthusiasm of that religious movement into the current of conquest and imperialism of the United States. The.Christian Endeavor department of the Interior, of June 22,1899, in presenting matter for "A Christian Citizenship meeting," makes the "topic," "Our Country for Christ"; and as sub heads gives such as these: "A blessed nationŠPs. 144:15"; "A victorious nation-2 Chron. 20:1-30"; "Praise for victoriesŠPs. 44:1-8"; and "The nation for ChristŠLuke 14:15-24." Any Christian endeavor that can apply to the United States and its victories the Scriptures, as is done in this Chris-tian Endeavor lesson, can easily do anything else that it pleases with the Scriptures. The lesson continues in the same strain, as follows:Š "There is a mighty contest abroad. The Goth has risen from the dead; the modern vandal stalks through-out the land. The call for patriotism was never louder, the demand for Christian courage was never greater than it is to-day. Let every citizen consecrate his right of franchise to the rule of Almighty God, and pledge himself to stand by those principles that have made our country what it is. Let every patriot feel again the tingle of loyalty that burns like a flame in the veins of every ardent lover of home, and native land, and Christ, and good. Let every woman to whose guiding care has been given the training of some Washington or Lincoln, pour into her children's ears the rich lore of our coun-try's Christian heroes and sacrificing heroines. Let every soldier enlist again in. the war against vice and immorality; every youth join in the drum beat that leads to victory; every infant be taught to lisp, 'Jesus, Lover of my Soul,' and the 'Red, White and Blue'; every boy to join Christ and country, and nail the flag just beneath the cross. The cause of America is the cause of humanity. It has a mission among the na-tions. May it adorn the centuries, shedding its blessings to the last shock of time." If that does not mean a union of church and state, then there never was such a thing in the world. Any boy or anybody else who "joins Christ and country," will alWays put country before Christ. Anybody who in his thought joins Christ and something else, will always in his conduct put the something else before Christ. There was never conceived a more deceptive thing than that which is almost universally conceived by pro-fessed Christians as the very ultimate of Christian loy-alty, namely, "Christ and the Church," or "Christ"Šand anything else. In the vocabulary of Christian loyalty, nothingŠabsolutely nothingŠcan have any shadow of a share with Christ. Christian loyalty knows simply  and only Christ; Christ and Christ alone; Christ, all inn.  all. And in this loyalty there is embodied unswerving allegiance to every cause that is true, and everything that is right. Anything else, or anything in addition, is a decep-tion; and is disloyalty, instead of loyalty, to Christ. A. T. J. History Repeats Itself. A FEW weeks ago the Christian _Herald of New York:  City published the answers that it had received from a.  large number' of public men to certain questions which it had sent to them as to their attitude toward Christian-ity. Of course favorable answers were given even by Li-Hung-Chang. The truest statement of the whole case, that we have seen is the following by The Public of June 24, 1899:Š "One of the most paganistic performances of our-day and generation is to be credited to a New York paper called the Christian Herald. Assertions having gained currency that the prominent men of the country have become so saturated with commercialism as to be indifferent to Christianity, the Christian Herald cate-chised a select lot, including the President, and has published the answers. Here are its interrogatories:Š ''Are you a friend of Christianity? "To you believe that Christianity is the friend of mankind? "`Does your belief extend to a recognition of a Su-preme Being, to the divinity of Christ, to the surpassing potency of Christianity as a civilizing influence?' "These interrogatories do not touch the core of the question. Had the public men of Rome in Csar's time been asked if they believed in the gods, every one would-have replied in the affirmative, though it was notorious that the Roman upper classes were atheists. But it was not good form to deny the gods openly. So now with Christianity. A certain conventional piety calling itself Christianity, is to our day what the gods were t6 Caesar's day. No public man would dare deny belief in it. In-gersoll tried it and fell from a high estate and lofty possibilities in politics to the grade of a peripatetic lecturer. Who does not know the trick of sensational evangelists, who at their meetings ask all Christians to stand up. Of course, everybody stands. But that does not prove all to be Christians Just so with the answers to the Christian Herald's questions. Everybody from the President down answers in the affirmative. They all believe in Christianity. But to yield a perfunctory, conventional, pietistic profession of belief in Christianity is a very different thing from being a Christian. So the answers to the Christian Herald's questions prove noth-ing. It is quite possible to profess a belief in Christian-ity while being so saturated with commercialism as to be utterly without either Christian practise or Christian spirit." That is all true. And yet it is not as close to the whole truth as it might be. Toeite the times and prom-inent men of pagan Rome, is not as close a comparison 