AUGUST 13, 1896. kErwrirc-m-nc, 253 . . . If we love our country we must speak and act against its enemies. A crisis in American history is upon us. At a previous crisis Stephen A. Douglas said: `There are but two partiesŠpatriots and trait-ors.' So I say now, there are but two partiesŠpatri-ots and traitors. Which are we ? " Evidently in the Rev. Mr. MacArthur's view the political situation must be pretty bad, or he would not refer to it in such lang-uage as this. But what about the moralŠthe spiritual situation in this same land? Is there anything worse than that? Is the fact that the country seems to be threatened with anarchy,Šthat the people are dividing into " patriots " and " traitors "--worse than the fact that many millions of them are in rebel-lion against God, and that here the people are also fast dividing into two parties, one of whichŠand by far the larger partyŠare trait- ors to the government of heaven? Is the fact that ruin may threaten the political and com- mercial interests of this country, worse than the fact that eternal ruin threatens the souls of all sinners throughout the land? We do not think so. Bad as the situation is, we do not see in it any occasion for ministers of the gospel of God to turn aside from the work to which they have been divinely commissioned. If the salvation of souls can ever become sec-ondary in importance to any other interest in this world, then religion is a fraud, and rev- elation a myth. s. PRAYERS FOR THE DEAD AND SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. [Present Truth (London, Eng.), July 30, 1896.] AT the late annual meeting of the English Church Union the special subject discussed was that of prayers for the dead, and the Union strongly urged that this custom should be more fully recognized in the services of the Church of England. To this all Protestants are, of course, strenuously opposed. Prayers for the dead, associated with offerings for the dead, known in Catholic phraseology as masses for the dead, come from the ancient pagan custom of sacrificing for the dead and the worshiping of demons, against which the Scripture specifically warns all. But it is not of the doctrine itself that we shall speak, but of the argument by which those who urge it silence the objections of those in the Church of England, and Protestants generally, who oppose it. Protestants say that the practice is without Scripture warrant, founded merely on tradi-tion, which has always made void the Word. It is so, and the objection is unanswerable. Bat those who favor prayers for the dead do not take the Scriptures as authority so much as ecclesiastical tradition. They adopt the Catholic position. But then they turn on their objectors and retort that Protestants, while pleading for the Word as the standard, themselves reject the Word and take tradition when it so pleases them. The Dean of Lich-field, Dr. Lucock, in his speech at the meet- ing of the E. C. U., replied to the Protestant controversialist as follows:Š Just because there is no direct evidence in so many words in Holy Scripture enjoining prayers for the dead, he maintains that as members of the Reformed Church, believing Scripture and Scripture alone, we have no right to revive them. I want to point out to you what indonsistency is involved in this position. Take the case of Sunday as an illustration. There is not a single text in the whole Bible which teaches us in so many words that the seventh day was to be su-perseded by the first. It is perfectly true that in the New Testament we find religious associations con-nected with the first day. But if there was a single text directing the change we should not have found in certain portions of the church in the early cen-turies both the seventh and the first day observed. In  justifying the change, we appeal to the Primitive Church, being perfectly certain that the rulers and bishops of the church would never have sanctioned such a revolution as that unless they had received by tradition such directions as they believed to have come from our blessed Lord himself. What, then, is the rule of authority in the one case must be made the rule in the other. The Church Times endorses the Dean's ar-gument editorially, saying, "No distinct di-rection is given in the gospel for the observ-ance of the first day of the week in lieu of the Sabbath." This of course is not a matter of argument. It is a matter of fact. The argument based upon the fact simply amounts to saying, " There is no scripture for prayers for the dead, neither is there for Sunday keeping; but we do both according to the primitive tradition, which we follow instead of the Word." The answer silences the Protestant who finds himself keeping the Sunday and refusing prayers for the dead, which practice comes on the same authority as Sunday observance. It is a fact, everywhere made prominent in ecclesiastical history, that what is called primitive tradition begins after the " falling away" of which the Apostle Paul warned the early church. The apostasy had already be- gun to work in his day, he told them, and immediately after the days of the apostles the errors which crowd the Roman Church came in as a flood. As Dr. Killen says in his preface to the "Ancient Church":Š Rites and ceremonies, of which neither Paul nor Peter ever heard, crept silently into use, and then claimed the rank of divine institutions. Officers, for whom the primitive disciples could have found no place, and titles, which to them would have been altogether unintelligible, began to challenge attention, and to be named apostolic. It is to these times that men appeal when- ever they appeal to primitive tradition in support of doctrines and practices for which they find no warrant in the Scripture. And it is interesting, in this special connection, to note the fact that in the earliest times prayers for the dead, or offerings for the dead, and Sunday observance were associated together. In accounting for these practices, the manner of observing the Sunday, offerings for the dead, and the sign of the cross, Tertullian, who wrote about the year 200, said:Š If for these and other such rules, you insist upon having positive Scripture injunction, you will find none. Tradition will be held forth to you as the originator of them, custom as their strengthener, and faith as their observer. That reason will support tradition, and custom, and faith, 'you will either yourself perceive, or learn from someone who has. That was all that could be said for these practices then, and it is all that can be said for them now. But the retort that silences those who cling to one unscriptural practice and object to another, based on the same au-thority and associated with it in origin, will not silence the protest of those who take the Bible as God's word to men, and test all these perversions of the truth and adaptations of ancient pagan rites and observances by " the law and testimony." By this test it is seen that " there is no light in them." Isa. 8 : 20. Notice how generally this question of the authority of Sunday is being made the test of the authority of the church aside from the Word. It was on this point that the Council of Trent based its condemnation of the re-formers' appeal to the Bible alone, as against church authority. It is just here that the Church of Rome is constantly charging the Protestant world with inconsistency in ac- cepting Sunday observance by authority of the church, while rejecting that authority in other matters where it pleases them to do so. And the Anglican Catholics are also learning the weak spot in the armor of popular Prot-estantism. This is why we cannot do other-wise than continually call attention to the Sabbath question. On the side of human authority the Sunday is being made the test and the mark of such authority. On the side of divine authority and the word of God the Sabbath is the sign or mark of allegiance to God. Ezek. 20:12, 20. The issue is joined. It is the word of God against the worcIof man. On which side will you choose to stand ? IGNORING CONSCIENCE IN OTHERS. [New York Observer. August 6, 1896.] INDIVIDUALISM was . . emphatically a product, if not the sole product, of the Refor-mation, which was but the unmistakable as-sertion of the freeness of the human unit to find and to worship God after the dictates of its own conscience. What the Reformation did was to once more set souls face to face with the Bible, and to bid them discover therein their God and their duty. It meant the education of the individual conscience on Bible lines. And it was natural that in view of the intolerable burdens which an unwieldy ecclesiasticism had previously imposed upon human consciences, the reaction from all con-trol of opinion should have been extreme. Rome had stolen men's consciences away from them; and when its former slaves re-gained their rights of private judgment it was quite to be expected, that they would in some cases turn their new-found freedom into license. But spiritual independence, however precious a privilege, must evidently have cer-tain limits. It is not for a pretentious hier-archy like Rome to set those boundaries, nor can these limitations be imposed by any relig-ious body against the will of the communicant. We do not live in an age of Test Acts. And yet it would be absurd to suppose that the conscience is free to form for itself any moral-ity it desires, without let or hindrance from any principles existent objectively in the moral frame of the universe. There must be regulative influances somewhere about. These outside criteria are found primarily, of course, in the Word of God, " the only in-fallible rule of faith and practice." But how shall that Word be interpreted ? Suppose that my neighbor and I derive a different lesson from the same Word ? Shall I then assume with a calm serenity that I am abso-lutely enlightened in my judgment of Scrip-ture, or shall I use his conscience a bit for purposes of comparison both with mine and with the Word itself ? The fanatic, whose creed is built up of the assumption that there is only one side to every question, namely, his side, would answer this last question in the negative, so absolutely convinced is he of his own infallibility. We are always out of patience with the bigot, who never uses any conscience save his own, but we cannot con-vince him. lie is the spiritual protectionist, who completely encircles himself with a high tariff wall in order to exclude from his soul all disturbing ideas of a contrary nature to his own. It was out of a somewhat extended experience with such conceitedly convinced and often erratic believers that the godly and sensible Charles Spurgeon was once moved to remark with a fine though gentle irony: " It is strange that some persons, who think so much of what God's Spirit has revealed to them, should think so little of what he has revealed to other men." 