124 fri=1 b: AMERICAN SENTINEL. have never given the subject careful con-sideration. In only one particular did he overreach and present an argument which did not appear as a candid statement of his real convictions. This was an attempt to show. that it is the secular theory rather than the National Reform theory which would load to a union of Church and State. To prove this he stated that " the secular papers are beginning to publish editorials demanding State aid for Sab-bath schools." This he insisted is but the legitimate result of denying the right of the State to give religious instruction. " It must be given," he said, " for the preservation of the Nation; and since the State is, according to the secular theory, incompetent to give it, the Church must do it; and the State must give financial aid in order that it may be done." This remarkable doctrine he gave his hearers to understand had been advocated by " secularists in secular papers." The fact is that the only suggestion of the kind made was by the Mail and Express of New York, a paper which is in sympathy with everything looking in the direction of State interference in matters of religion. It is hard therefore to believe that in this thing the doctor was entirely honest either with himself or with his audience. Mrs. Lathrap's address was on the sub-ject of " Christian Politics," and was, from her standpoint, a scathing arraign-ment of the ministry and church member-ship of this country for want of Chris-tian 'consistency in politics. Of course much that she said was excellent. No-body denies that it is the duty of Chris-tians to act conscientiously in every de-partment of life; but the conclusion that Christians ought to insist that the Gov-ernment, which belongs to the whole people, shall be moulded according to their ideas, and that certain things ought to be forbidden because they are not Christian, and certain other things re-quired because they are Christian, is most mischievous. The writer believes that the, traffic in intoxicating liquors: to be used as beverages ought to be abolished; but not because it is morally wrong.. It is morally wrong; but so are many other things which the civil law could not pos-sibly reach, and with which nobody pre-tends to say that it should deal. But it is a very easy thing to show that the liquor traffic is a menace to the peace and good order of the State, a constant danger to the citizen, the cause of most of the crime, that it fills our hospitals, poor-houses, and prisons, and that it indirectly levies tribute upon every tax-payer. These facts constitute a sufficient reason why the traffic should be prohibited; and they are the reasons which should govern the State in dealing with it. The State cannot undertake to prohibit and punish sin against God; it can of right take cog-nizance only of those acts which injure in person, property, or reputation those  whom the State is bound to protect. This is the secular, the American theory of government, and to abandon it in the sup-posed interest of prohibition is a grievous mistake; it both hinders prohibition and threatens the religious liberty of every citizen. It is at this point that the women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union go astray. The original purpose of that organization was to accomplish a Christian work by Christian means, to inculcate and encourage Christian tem-perance in the individual, to reform men and women by bringing them to Christ. But all this is now changed. While much was accomplished by Christian effort the rising tide of iniquity was not stayed, and so appeal has been made to the State to aid them, not in protecting the civil rights of citizens, not to prevent the husband and father from beggaring his wife and children, not to say that the saloon keeper shall not drug and rob his victim, not to say that men shall not ruin their fellows mentally and physically, to then cast them out as paupers or criminals to be sup-ported by the State, not to protect life and property, but to prevent sin against the moral Ruler of the universe and to punish infractions of the law of God. It is thus that a most excellent Christian organization has become the annex of a political party to be manipulated by pol-iticians for the accomplishment of party ends. One feature of the Convention which should not be forgotten was its repudia-tion of the " civil Sabbath." It was plainly declared in a resolution adopted that the Sabbath is not a civil but a re-ligious institution, " and that the only proper basis for Sabbath legislation is the requirement of the divine law." This declaration was emphasized by Dr. McAl-lister who said that to admit the civil basis for Sabbath laws was to admit the right of the State to fix a day inde-pendent of the law of God. " This," said he, "we cannot do, for should the majority change they might change the day and we can observe only the first day, for we believe 'that it is the day that God requires us to keep." This shows the Doctor's utter disregard of the rights of conscience for those who differ from him in regard to the day required in the divine law. He demands of the seventh-day keeper a surrender which he himself would not make were the State to choose a day other than Sunday and require its observance as a. Sabbath, either " civil " or otherwise. But this article is 'already too long, and further particulars concerning this meet-ing must be-given at another time. C. P. BOLLMAN. SAID the apostle Paul to the Corinthians : " Not that we have dominion [lordship] over your faith, but are helpers of your joy; for by faith ye stand." 2 Cor. 1 : 24. "Shall Christ Be King of the Nation?" THIS is the title of a production by Jenny Bland Beauchamp, which we find in the Union Signal of 'February 6, 1890. It is rich in sense and in nonsense, and the two are about equally divided, with a third portion which strongly bears toward that which is worse than nonsense. It begins by saying that " every loyal Chris-tian heart must answer this question in the affirmative," which is not true. Christ never will be king of this Nation, nor of any other nation except that Ł `holy nation " which he will redeem from among the unholy nations of which, this is one. Then she inquires, " But in what sense will Christ be king of the Nation ? and pro-ceeds to answer her qUestion thus :Š The proud, world-renowned city of Florence, at one time, moved by. the eloquence of Savonarola, actually elected Jesus Christ king of Florence. They did it by a fair count and a free vote, just as a nation would declare its allegiance to a foreign prince. They had dethroned the perfidious Medici, and, removing the shields of the King of France and the Pope of Rome, placed the name of Jesus on a tablet over the entrance into the palace. Did that make him king of Florence ? Would it make Jesus king of America to put his name on the tablet of our Constitution ? Jesus. himself rejects such hypocrisy, saying, " Why call ye me Lord Lord I and do not the things I com-mand ?" We could not make him king of America by making the distinctively New Testament laws civil laws. The distinctively New Testament laws are baptism, and the Lord's Supper, and laws in regard to church order and church officers. The laws primarily founded upon the decalogue are not distinctively New Testament laws; nor is the new commandment, "ye shall love one another," for the Saviour tells us this is a brief compendium of the moral law. Nor can we make him king of this Nation by incorporating the morality of the gospel into, our civil code. For instance, how could we convict and punish a man for what the Saviour defines the crime of adultery ? The laws of Christ were made for a spiritual kingdom, and could not possibly be executed by a civil magistrate. Jesus was an obedient subject of the Hebrew com-monwealth, paid his taxes, fled when the Jews would have made him a king, and refused to sup-port his authority by the secular sword. We do not worship a dead Christ. Jesus lives and is 'to-day more intimately connected with the affairs of the nations than when he walked the hills of Judea. He is not,  here in person, but the Church is here to represent his body. He has not changed his idea- in regard to secular matters, so the Church should not accept any civil authority. We are all agreed on that point. All nations are to be given to Christ; Jesus is going to reign over the hearts of his people through the gospel. Now this is sense, and it is good sense too. There is more good, sound, genuine sense in that than we have seen from Na-tional Reform or Union Signal sources sinceŠwell, we don't know when. Next we print the portion which im-mediately follows the above and it runs thus The gospel will supersede the law, i. e. the moral law, and our civil code is primarily based upon this. The gospel will so permeate the masses as to be a controlling factor in government. The gospel contains all the morality of the decalogue. If the law compels one to go a mile, a free man in Christ Jesus will go two. If it takes away his coat he will let it have his cloak too. He will do this 