282 _ALIVE   11-.l IR, I Cl.A.N. TEIN1 Vol,. 11, No. 36. If Right Why. Deny the Facts? But why, believing as he does that the In-quisition was right, Mr. Conway cares to enter even a partial denial of the charges against it is more than we can see. If, as he insists, "the church" was justified in punishing her-etics even to the death, then the exact num-ber so punished can make no material differ-ence. If, as Mr. Conway also insists, it was the bounden duty of the church to root out heresy, she certainly could not be blamed for using whatever means seemed most likely to accomplish that result in the shortest time; and certainly nothing could have been more effective than the utter extinction of the in-corrigible. The Church Claims Infallibility. It must be remembered that the Cath-olic Church claims infallibility through its head, the Pope. If this claim were true, the state of society and the customs of the times could make no difference with the acts of the church; they must be right. It is true that this infallibility is claimed only in " matters of faith and morals," but certainly the right of the church to persecute dissenters, even to the death, is a question both "of faith and morals." Members of that church evidently realize this, and practically admit it when they attempt to justify the action of the church in establishing and maintaining the Inquisition. Were it simply a question of expediency, of church discipline, or of anything outside of that for which they claim infallibility, they would certainly not stultify themselves by making any defense. Then might they well afford to say: "The church has never claimed infallibility in discipline; and in establishing and maintaining the Inquisition she erred." But as the dogma that the church has a right to coerce the conscience, to compel obedience, is a matter of " faith," and as torturing and killing men is a question of morals, they dare not say that the church erred in these things. Two Inquisitions. " History," says Mr. Conway, "divides the Inquisition into two distinct tribunals; the Roman Inquisition and the Inquisition of the Spanish Government. Great care," he adds, must be taken not to confound the two. One is purely ecclesiastical, the other strictly secular. In the light of this full and candid admission that the Roman Inquisition be-longed wholly to the church, it is needless to dwell upon that phase, of the subject. We shall examine briefly, therefore, his statement that " the other," namely, the Spanish In-quisition, was "strictly secular." And in so doing we shall find that "great care" is indeed required not to confound the two, so much are they alike, in origin, purpose and opera-tion. Defends the Spanish Inquisition. In the first part of the latter half of his article Mr. Conway discusses the Spanish Inquisition at considerable length and gives quite an account of its origin, which he en-deavors to show was purely political. He as-scribes it altogether to the desire of the king to establish such a tribunal for political rea-sons, but in doing this he himself very clearly shows that this desire sprang, priinarily, from intense religious feeling; and, as in his de-fense of the Roman Inquisition, he appeals in its justification to the customs of the people who lived at that time. To Detect Jewish Hypocrites. The claim made by Mr. Conway is that the Spanish Inquisition was directed particularly  against the Jews, many of whom, " thirsting for wealth, while secretly remaining Jews, pretended to profess the Catholic faith, were baptized, pushed themselves into the courts and kingly palaces, became holders of large estates, and even were found among the priests and prelates of the Church of God. In this hidden, underhanded manner, they were seek-ing to overturn the institutions, not only of the Catholic Church, but also of the Spanish nation." Why Such Hypocrisy ? A pertinent question would be, Why did the Jews thus profess a faith which they did not believe? Was it not because of the cor-rupt union of Church and State which placed a premium upon hypocrisy, and upon moral and political corruption? and is it not evi-dent from this that the logic of any union of Church and State is unbounded corruption in both? or an inquisition? because where it is made a matter of financial or political profit for men to profess a certain faith, many will be found to do so, and when they have so professed they will use their influence and positions for their own aggrandizement. To discover the secret thoughts of the hearts of such men the methods of the Inquisition must be used. Therefore Mr. Conway's statement of facts constitutes a powerful argument against all union of Church and State, be-cause such union must, in the first place, beget and foster hypocrisy; and hypocrisy can be completely discovered only by wringing from men the secrets of their hearts; and this can be done only by torture. Was It Political ? But let us .examine the political element which Mr. Conway insists entered into this matter. He says that these Jews in " this hidden, underhanded manner" "were seeking to overturn the institutions, riot only of the Catholic Church, but also of the Spanish nation." The last accusation, namely, that they were seeking to overturn the Spanish nation, must be understood in the light of other utterances by the same writer, who, in his attempted justification of the,  persecution of "the heretic," styles him " a foe to civil-ization." Roman Catholics believe that the Roman Catholic Church is the only efficient promoter of civilization, consequently any-thing that is opposed to the Catholic faith is, as they view it, opposed to civilization, In like manner they believe that the Catholic Church is the only adequate conservator of stable, civil government, therefore that which is opposed to the Catholic Church is opposed to civil government; thus runs their theory. So that in its last analysis that which is here assumed and asserted to be political was in fact religious; and to reach this and stamp it out the Spanish Inquisition, equally with the Roman Inquisition, was established. The Consent of the Pope Necessary. Again, Mr. Conway gives his whole case away when, in attempting to show that the Spanish Inquisition was "secular," he admits the fact that before it could be established the consent of the Pope was necessary; and seeing himself the incongruity of having to receive the consent of the church for ,the establish-ment of something "strictly secular," he asks: "What need was there of the permission of the popes? If the Inquisition was purely sec-ular what had the Pope or the church to do with its actions?" And answering his own question he says: " The permission of Rome was necessary for many reasons, but chiefly for two, first, because the men who were ap-pointed as inquisitors by the Court of Spain were priests and prelates and theologians of the church, and were for that reason under the jurisdiction of the popes; and secondly, and most especially, because the Inquisition was instituted to try people on matters of faith." Managed by Priests, Prelates and Theolo- gians. These facts thus clearly stated by a prom-inent Roman Catholic writer in a prominent Roman Catholic paper ought certainly to sat-isfy any candid mind as to the nature of the Spanish Inquisition. It existed by permis-sion of the church, was administered by priests, prelates and theologians of the church, and existed for the purpose of trying people in matters of faith, and the punishments in-flicted were for departures from the faith of the church. Two Vital Questions. But perhaps too much space has already been devoted to the discussion of this phase of the question. Two vital points yet remain to be examined. First, the confession of adulterous union of the Church with the State; and second, the parallel afforded by his article between justitic ttion of intoler-ance in the Dark Ages and justification of in-tolerance in our own day. Confession of Adulterous Union. Speaking of the relation which existed be-tween the Church and the State in the days of the Inquisition, Mr. Conway says: " To put it briefly, in those Middle Ages there was the greatest union of Church and State. This union was the natural outcome of the beautiful marriage of civil and religious in-stitutions. The State, then, as it should now, protected and defended her [his] holy bride from danger and persecution." It is true that in the 21st chapter of Revelation the City of God is called " the bride, the Lamb's wife." But all through. the Scrip-tures marriage is used to illustrate the relation which exists between Christ and his Church, and the Catholic Church holds and teaches that the church is the bride of Christ. But here we have it declared by a prominent Cath-olic writer, in an official organ of the church, that the union which existed between the Catholic Church and the State in the Middle Ages "was the natural outcome of the beau-tiful marriage of civil and religious institu-tions;" and that this was nothing less than the marriage of the State and the Church is shown by the words, " The State, then, as it should now, protected and defended her [his] holy bride [the church] from danger and per-secution." This is a confession of all that Protestants have ever charged against the Church of Rome, namely, that she is the lewd woman described in the 17th chapter of Rev-elation, " with whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication." The church being first married to Christ, and subsequently joined to the State, is by the Scriptures declared to be guilty of spirit-ual adultery. " For the woman which bath a husband is bound by the law to her husband so long as he liveth; but if the husband be dead, she is loosed from the law of her hus- band. So then if, while her husband liveth, she be married to another man, she shall be called an adulteress." What a warning is there in this against that for which the National Reformers are laboring, and upon which they insist, namely, a union of the State with religion, not, they say, with any particular church, but simply with Christianity. That is exactly what they 2  Rom. 7:2-3. 