746 -THE -$ENTINEL, EIBER-ry. THE REFORMATION AND CIVIL LIBERTY. THERE can be no doubt that the political liberty which the people of civilized lands' enjoy to-day is one of the fruits of the great ReformatiOn of the sixteenth century. The connection of the two can be plainly traced in history, and is plain from the deductions of logic. The fundamental Christian doctrine of justification by faith could lead to no other result than that of the recognition of a sphere of thought and action in which the individual is free from the dictation of any other man, whether king or pope, that sphere being the sphere of his natural, unalienable rights. The recognition of these rights in government led, to the substitution of republican government in- the place of the absolute monarchies under which-men had hitherto lived. The following thoughts on this subject .are ex-pressed by a writer in the c'Ieautauquan, who gives, however, entirely too much credit to Martin Luther for the work accomplished in the great reform in which he was the central figure. Luther was but the instrument employed by the Author of liberty to bestow the blessing of liberty upon the down-trodden race. His teaching was not his own, but that of- his Master who centuries before had taught throughout Judea. The Reformation siMply,  turned men back to the divine truths that had been hidden under the accumulated rubbish of tradition, back to the pure gospel as the Saviour taught it, and civil liberty was the natural result. "Another fruit of the Reformation was personal liberty in religious belief. . . Christ gave men personal liberty from the ceremonial laws under which the Jews had lived for hundreds of years. Luther gave men liberty from the religious customs of Rome. . . . Justification by faith was the idea upon which Luther rested his reform. He found this thought in_the great mine of truth and then found, its meaning in his own heart. His un-derstanding of it was comprehensive and it has never been corrected to this' day. "With the searchlights of science, philoiophy, and history, and the experience of individuals in the church, all directed upon Luther and his work, we look back at him and say that he understood justification by faith." " Luther shook the whole world and moved it to (think about God, to search for a new meaning in the Scriptures, until to-day Christian people in all parts of the world are dominated by Luther's interpreta-tion of the Scriptures. Luther was awakened first. He was the first man reformed. He saw the price- less heritage of personal religious liberty, and the idea set him in motion to blaze his way among man-kind with this axe of truth. He led men to worship at a new shrine. In a word, Luther led the church back to God. Not only dissenters were influenced, but the Roman Catholic Church, from which he had been cast out, felt the reaction and became better. " Luther taught and preached in moderation, but with great power. Calvin was a follower of Luther, but lacked Luther's moderation and Ł worldly wis-dom. . . . The Reformation penetrated the whole religious system in England and wrought a complete change. . . . The spirit that was in Martin Luther has, like, a fine, ether, penetrated. the'  established Church of England. "The Pilgrims' theory was, reform the individual, and then the individual will reform the nation.- In 1620 a company of these Pilgrims sailed from Delt-haven and' in December landed at Plymouth. They brought to this continent and planted in New Eng-land soil the idea of the ReformationŠjustification by faith. That was the beginning of religious lib-erty here. More than a hundred years later John Wesley and Whitefield came to this country declar-ing the same view, making a plea for the same sort of liberty. . . . The Reformation was- the basis of Wesley's movement. . . . In this country the liberty which every man enjoys to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience so long as he preserves good order and the public peace, is a fruit of the Reformation, and American Christians are debtors to Luther and the Reforma-tion for a great deal of the momentum given to the cause of religious liberty." " We now come to the consideration of political liberty, which we regard as one fruit of the Reform-ation that, in one form or another, has come to all civilized nations." " When Luther struck the blow that gave men religious liberty, it gave them political liberty also. . . . He did not presume to serve as a states- man, and yet he commenced a political reformation that has through the centuries run almost parallel with the religious reformation, and the political fruits are not the least among the great blessings that Luther's Reformation has conferred upon the world." Luther engaged in the only reformation that really reforms men, and that was a reformation based on the doctrine of justification by faith. And this is the only basis of true reform work in our world to-day. IF,  you are searching fora place to begin reform work look into your own heart first. 