172  AJOM CAN  Vol.. 9. No. l2. that neither lay patrons nor the bishops ought to have the whole power of appoint-ment to clerical office. A bill, to be thor-ough-going, ought to give the parishioners some such power of effective control over the choice of their clergyman as is in force in Scotland. It was pointed out that the recent growth of the Church of England had taken place for the most part in the large towns, where it was practically a voluntary church, the clergyman depend-ing to a large extent on the approval of his congregation. Another speaker hit the mark exactly when he said that the scan-dals associated with lay patronage would be entirely shaken off when the Church of England's connection with the State should be dissolved. Meanwhile, there seemed to be a general feeling that half a loaf was better than no bread at all; and so the bill passed the second reading, and will doubtless be car-ried through its subsequent stages.ÑN. Y. Sun. ¥ An Observer in Coxey's Camp.* ON April 28th I visited the main "Army of the Commonweal," encamped at Rock-ville, Maryland. My purpose was the study of this popular uprising of the nine-teenth century, while the army was at peace in country districts and just before its exciting entry into Washington. . . . These men are not tramps, but for the most part unskilled, uneducated workmen; men just above the tramp class, who are the first to suffer during times of financial depression and the last to regain employ-ment. They were doing things which tramps never do except under dire com- pulsion. . . , The first thing which impressed me strongly after entering the Rockville camp was the youth of most of the four hundred menÑmere boys, a large part of them. They showed few signs of physical degen-eracy or undervitalizatiom On the con-trary, very many of them seemed like men whom a recruiting sergeant would be glad to enlist for the regular army. Many of the men were playing ball, sur-rounded by an admiring audience. The sheds used for the housing of live stock in fair time had been¥ appropriated by the army for bedrooms, and many men were peacefully slumbering upon hay and straw. Chickens and turkeys were wandering within the precincts of the camp, and their owners apparently did not fear for them a speedy ending in the pot. I was almost the only visitor present that afternoon; and during the two days in which I min-gled freely with the Coxey men I heard but one man swear. The following letter to Mr. Coxey from Mr. William V. Bouic, a well-known lawyer of Rockville, adds strength to my conviction that the main Army of the Commonweal was, as its leaders intended it should be, an army of peace, resolved to obey the laws even when they consid-ered them unjust. This letter, which Mr. Coxey exhibited with pride, was, in part, as follows :Ñ As a life-long citizen of the town of Rockville, thor-oughly interested in the best welfare of my people by the ties of blood and business interest, I feel that it is but a just tribute to say that no more peaceable assemblage than that led by you ever took place in our town. Before your arrival the movement was viewed by our citizens with apprehension partaking somewhat of hostility; but your gentlemanly conduct and the * Abridgment of an article by A. Cleveland Hall, of Johns Hopkins University, in the New York Independent of May 17.  law-abiding conduct of your men made for you hosts of sympathetic friends. Leaving the privates of the Common-weal Army, I went to " headquarters," a tent, where I found Marshal Carl Browne. A great, big, strong fellow, with a hearty bass voice; part fakir, part religionist, part wild West cowboy, and withal a nat-ural leader of men. On the ground out-side were heaped the banners of the Com-monweal, all the work of Browne's artistic hand and paint brush. The one carried at the head of the army on the march was a picture of Christ. Above were the words : "Peace on Earth, Good-will toward Men," and underneath " But DEATH to INTEREST on Bonds! ! " This was the official standard of the Commonweal. Carl Browne has been trying from the first to awaken religious enthusiasm among his followers, who are manifestly lacking in any strong, cohesive principle. They seem fitting subjects for Salvation Army treatment, yet have not caught the reli-gious infection from Browne to any marked degree. Their minds are apparently too full of economic questions.  Still, this strange commingling of crude Theosophic with Salvation Army ideas is an interest-ing phase of the movement. Carl Browne believes that portions of the soul of Christ are reincarnated in Brother Coxey and himself. And that the remainder of the soul of Christ has been fully reincarnated in thousands of people through-out the United States to-day, and that accounts for the tremendous response to this call of ours, to try to bring about peace and plenty to take the place of panic and poverty. To accomplish it means the second coining of Christ, and I believe in the prophecy that he is to come, not in any one single form, but in the whole people. Now you have the reason for the ban-ner of peace with his figure as a central painting, and that is why we start out on this mission on Easter Sunday for "He hath risen." In the evening I listened to speeches by Browne and Coxey in front of the town hall. Browne mounted upon his pano-rama wagon, and got the crowd into good humor by telling them stories in parable form, illustrating the Commonweal move-ment and its objects. Mr. Coxey followed with a serious speech, supporting the two bills which he has had introduced before Congress, commonly known as the " Coxey Good Roads Bill " and the " Coxey Non-Interest Bearing Bond Bill." The first of these bills would secure the immediate issue of five hundred million dollars of legal tender treasury notes, to be expended under the authority of the Secretary of War at the rate of twenty million dollars per month, for the im- provement of roads throughout the United States. Eight hours shall constitute a day's work, and wages for common labor shall not be less than one dollar and fifty cents per day. Said Mr. Coxey :Ñ Do you not see that this would do away with unem-ployment, solve the labor problem, and secure the eight-hour labor day, for which organized labor has been striving unsuccessfully for many years ? No one will consent to toil for less than $1.50, or longer than eight hours a day, when Government offers these terms freely to all who seek them. The argument is essentially socialistic, as is the whole Coxey movement. If Government is bound to furnish every man with work fitted to his capacity, and pay him enough to support life in com-fort, then the ideal of individual respon-sibility, one of God's grandest gifts to men, is utterly overthrown. Why should a man take trouble to fit himself for work which the world needs, and which he will be best able to perform; new work, per- haps, which requires hard thought and constant exertion to attain success, when right here at hand is work found for him, with sure pay and no need for anxiety or brain weariness ? Men love to escape from their responsibility, but without it there is no upward growth for the indiv-idual or for humanity. The man entirely without a sense of responsibility is less man than beast. Mr. Coxey and his followers are firm believers in the power of Congress to make them all happy by issuing sufficient paper money, and attribute most of their woes to the Shylocks of the national banks and particularly the bankers of England. The greenback heresy has them firmly in its clutches. Such ideas as these are widely current among American workmen to-day. The Philadelphia contingent of the Coxey army contained the best class of commonwealers and the largest proportion of trade work-ers. One of its leaders summed up this phase of the Coxey movement in a single sentence : " It means the nationalization of credit." He himself seeks also the estab-lishment Of " a cooperative common- wealth." The story of the Labor Day procession at Washington is well known. I had every facility for observing it thoroughly. The Army of the Commonweal, some five hun-dred strong, preserved the attitude of peace, the respect for law which it had always promised and practised. Good order and almost absolute silence prevailed throughout the ranks, in which not more than fifteen-  gray-haired men were to be seen. A peaceful display of force on the part of the police was sufficient to preserve decent behavior among the spectators and the Army of the Commonweal. Instead of this the police felt called upon to club unoffending people right and left. Some of this I witnessed myself, and the follow-ing quotation from the Evening Star of May 1st, supports my assertions :Ñ When the police had escorted Coxey to his carriage,. pushing him by the shoulders, but not seizing him, they released him. He clambered into the carriage, where his wife sat, with "Legal Tender" in her lap, and as he stood there a fierce cheer was sent up from the surrounding crowd. Then the police seemed to lose their heads, and, falling upon the luckless colored men and women nearest them, they clubbed the negroes lustily. The Washington News thus reports the affair :Ñ The crowd bemme so thick about the Coxey carriage that the leader could hardly get to it, and in attempt-ing to clear back the people the police became rattled and struck right and left with their clubs. The mounted officers charged into the crowd and pushed, struck and shouted. The white palfrey on which Miss Coxey was mounted became frightened and attempted to run away, but was held back by a young man, who bravely clung to the horse's bridle, despite the efforts of a panic-stricken policeman to knock him down with his baton. Such action on the part of the police was utterly foolish and unnecessary; and I believe Mr. Samuel Gompers, President of the American Federation of Labor, was right in saying: "Clubbing may subdue Coxey or Browne, but it will not drive thought out of the people's mind. A club will subdue one man, but it will recruit one hundred for the cause he represents." Mr. Gompers here voices the thoughts of workers all over this broad land. I have taken pains to investigate this matter, and have been amazed to find both skilled and unskilled laborers, hotel proprietors, small shopkeepers an.d business men in such. 