378 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. June 4, 1900, the House of Representatives had under consideration an appropriation for the sup-port of St. Joseph's Asylum, a Roman Catholic insti-tution in the District of Columbia. On the strength of the action taken in 1897, Representative Bingham of Pennsylvania opposed the proposed appropriation. Mr. Fitzgerald of Massachusetts spoke in favor of making the appropriation notwithstanding the general law, and "predicted the rise of a Catholic party if the persecution of the Catholic sectarian institutions con-tinued." It seems rather strange that any one should term an effort to make a church support its own charities "persecution." The prediction of a "Catholic party" may be realized, but it would seem that in order to hope for any success it would need something more substantial and more just in the way of an issue than the fact of opposition to the support of church institu-tions out of the public treasury. Only a short time since a man and a woman were convicted in Nashville, Tenn., of arson upon the evi-dence of a boy who under hypnotic influence related very circumspectly just how the crime was commit-ted, and by whom the deed was done. The judge in setting aside the verdict said : "To my mind the wit-ness is nothing more than the wall from which the echo of the clairvoyant is thrown into the case. If such doctrines as these were once recognized by the courts of the country in their dealings with life and liberty, it would be alarming to contemplate the in-justice and oppression possible and probable to result in the very name of justice itself, against which human reason and knowledge would be utterly powerless to defend itself." Of course the accused persons may have been guilty, but better a thousand times that the crime go unpunished than that our courts adopt the policy of admitting such evidence. The Tennessee judge did right in setting aside a verdict secured on such evi-dence. The "army canteen" institution is justified by its supporters upon the plea that it is the lesser of two necessary evils. The men will drink anyway, it is affirmed, and it is better to supply drink to the men in the camps than to have them get it in the towns. A physician who is familiar with the conditions of army life in the camps punctures this idea as follows : "The regimental canteen is worse than the grog-shop. The temptation is ever present, and any good resolutions or feelings of disgust after a spree are quickly dispelled by another drink. On the financial side, a soldier's credit is limited at the saloon. Not so  at the canteen, where his pay is held as security for his drink, and often entirely absorbed. A soldier is obliged to seek a grog-shop, but the canteen seeks him." These are self-evident truths, and in the light of them no reason for the maintenance of the army can-teen appears save the unworthy one that the institution is financially profitable to the parties behind it. In an address to the Knights Templars of the Dis-trict of Columbia, May 27, Rev. Dr. Williams of Wash-ington is reported to have said : "I look forward to the time when we shall have to draw swords against religious intolerance and oppres-sion, just as our ancestors enlisted under the banner of the cross for the relief of their suffering fellow Chris-tians in the far East. The conditions which aroused their enthusiasm and added fuel to the flames of their ardor even now exist in the East, where profession of Christianity is attended with great dangers and the holy places of our faith are in the possession of the unspeakable Turk, the arch-conspirator, whom, for motives of policy, Christian Europe dare not expel to the wastes of Asia, whence he came." Upon which an editor, not having the fear of Na-tional Reform and "righteousness" by act of state and national legislatures before his eyes, remarks that "it would be more consistent for Christians to defer the assault on Islam until equal rights are made secure in all Christian countries." * The Christian Intelligencer calls attention in a recent issue to the increasing desecration of Sunday in this country, and affirms that the Sabbath is there-by placed in deadly peril. Its utterance is typical of many that are being made by the religious press touching this point. It says :Š "He must be blind who does not perceive that now the Sabbath is undergoing a serious assault ; that troops of influences destructive of its sanctity and prej-udicial to its integrity are widespread, swift and de-fiant. The deadly peril with which the Sabbath is threatened is being recognized with deep concern by all lovers of God and righteousness. The present aspect of affairs is appalling. The Lord's-day prosti-tuted to bacchanalian revelry ; Sunday papers hawked about everywhere, even at the doors of Christian churches games of ball and golf more numerous on Sunday than' on week days; excursions and amuse-ments of every kind ; all show what this nation is coming to, except the people of God rise up in their might and come to the rescue. Christianity must be recognized as our governing principle ; the Sabbath and our Christian institutions must be maintained in their integrity and sanctity ; the people must do with the seventh day what the Commandment requiresŠ 