THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 35 be made for him in the Senate such as he desired. A throne, similar to the one upon which the Queen's representative sits, was hastily constructed, and when the legislative body opened, the Cardinal and his body-guard of prelates were seated on the right, and on the same dais with the representa-tives of the Queen, and directly under the English royal arms, where they were saluted by the members of the Senate in consort to the salutations given to the Speaker, and treated with the same considera-tion as the Queen's officers were." Such overwhelming impudence can be equalled only by the toadyism of the speaker and the prime minister. It is very evident that Car-dinal Taschereau knows very little, and cares still less, about the Saviour's instruction to take the lowest place when bidden to a feast, so that he may be called up higher. He doesn't propose to take any chances; he might not be in-vited up, and so he strikes for the highest place, perfectly sure of his ability to keep it when he has gained it. It makes one indignant to see men so pitifully afraid. It would be a great relief to find some official with enough backbone to tell even "the prince of the church," that if he didn't like the place assigned him lie could stay away. But then,Šthere is that contemptible fear of losing office. Yes, the Pope rules in the Queen's dominions, no less than in the Vatican. How long will it be before his Cardinals will not permit the Queen's repre-sentatives to sit on the same level with them. Cannot Americans learn a lesson from this ? Will they not be warned by such manifestations of Romish aggressiveness? What has been done in Canada may be repeated in this country. Would our officials meet it in any different spirit ? The Blair Bills and National Reform. THE Christian Statesman, of December 27, 1888, in an editorial article entitled, " A Frank and Earnest Word to Our Friends," which is simply an appeal for pecuniary help, based on the progress of National Reform work, says:-- "Since the last annual meeting, and since the foregoing appeal was made, several remarkable events have transpired which greatly strengthen the argument to increased liberality. A bill to provide for the nation a National Sabbath law has been introduced into the Senate of the United States, and two important hearings in support of it have been held before one of the most important of the Senate Committees. The -school question has been brought into unexpected prominence by stirring and remarkable controversies in Boston and Pittsburg; and this discussion has also been lifted to the floor of the National Legislature by the pro-posed Constitutional Amendment respecting estab-lishments of religion and free public schools! Both of these measures involve the principles of Na-tional Christianity, and both afford such an oppor-tunity for the discussion of these principles before the nation as was never before known in her entire history. They who have eyes to see, and ears to hear, cannot fail to perceive the immense signifi-cance of these and similar occurences." Note this. It is the indorsement of the Blair bills by the official organ of the National Reform As-sociation. The Blair bills, says the Statesman, "involve the principles of National Christianity," which is what it and the National Reform Association desires. Therefore all who favor the Blair bills are in reality " National Reformers," although they may not have joined that Associa-tion. Let it be understood that when we speak of National Reformers, we include the National Sunday Association and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, which has also given its offi-cial indorsement of the Sunday-ReSt bill, and in-deed of both. What is known as National Re-form, is a great deal larger than the National Reform Association. America or Rome, Which? A DISPATCH from Haverhill, Mass., dated Jan-uary 18, says:Š " The French parochial school here, of which Rev. Father Boucher is in charge, is in trouble with the City School Committee, because it does not comply with the law. The law is that the En-glish language must be the vehicle of instruction in all schools, public or private, and that United States history shall form part of the curriculum. "In Father Boucher's school, which has two hundred and fifty pupils, two-thirds of the instruc-tion is in French. A French history of Canada takes the place of a history of the United States. The teachers are ignorant of the methods in vogue in the American public schools. " Father Boucher has declined to bring his school up to ,the requirements of the law. The School Committee have ordered the truant officers to carry out the law; that is, to bring into court all parties who send their children to the unlawful school. This is the first case under the law gov-erning private schools, and the case promises to be one of wide-spread interest: This is a sample of the un-American policy of the Roman Catholic Church. Why should it be expected, in its schools, to follow the methods in vogue in American public schools, when it is Ro-man, and not American? We are saying noth-ing against individuals. There are men in the Catholic communion who are as loyal Americans as can be found in the country ; but the Catholic Church, as a church, is as directly opposed to ev-erything that is distinctively American, as any-thing can be. Let the Catholic Church have the power, and everything which has made the name "America" a synonym for freedom, would van-ish at once. It is time that the American people were be-ginning to awake to the encroachments of Roman-ism, and to the danger to our liberties. It is true that there is a sort of awakening, and a protest, but we are sure that the very ones who spoke so decidedly in Boston a few weeks ago, will, with few exceptions, sit still while Rome is gaining, in another guise, just what she wants. Indeed many of them will further her claims. How? Simply by working for the Blair Educational Amendment.bill. Let it be once conceded that each State should provide for religious instruc-tion in its public schools, and it will be absolutely impossible to prevent just such a condition of things as is complained of in Haverhill, Mass. A few words will suffice to make this plain. It is a well-known fact that in many States the Roman Catholics are more numerous than any other sect. In no less than fourteen States they are more numerous than all other denomina-tions combined. In California there are more than four times as many Roman Catholics as there are Protestants of all denominations. Now if the Constitution shall require that the Bible and religion be taught in the public schools of each State, it is evident that that form of religion which has the most followers will be taught in the schools. If the Blair Educational Amend-ment becomes a part of our Constitution, the majority of the schools in California, and in many other States, will teach, not American his-tory, but Catholic history. At the National Reform Convention that was held in Saratoga in July, 1887, it was plainly de-clared that no objections would be made to the teaching of the Douay BibleŠthe Catholic ver-sionŠin the schools where the Catholics had a majority. Thus the National Reform Associa-tion has 'committed itself. But let everybody know that it will be a great deal more than a question of what version of the Bible shall be  used. Let the principle of religious legislation be once established, let it be conceded that any kind of religion whatever may be taught in the public schools, and Roman Catholic history and Roman Catholic methods will very soon drive out American teaching and American methods. Are the American people ready for this state of things? Can they calmly contemplate such a result? If not, let them with all their might oppose the National Reform movement, as it has taken shape in the Senate bills framed and intro-duced by Senator Blair. Provisions of the Sunday Rest Bill. WE are persuaded that there is a great deal of misunderstanding in regard to the Blair bills, not only among those who are opposed to religious legislation, but by those who are at least nominally favoring them. We have seen and heard the statement that the Sunday-Rest bill would, if it should become a law, shut down all business throughout the country. This is a mistake. The passage of the Sunday-Rest bill would have a di-rect effect upon only a comparatively small portion of the people of the United States, although it would very seriously affect them indirectly. The first section of that bill reads as follows:Š "Be it enacted by the Seuate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That on Sunday, no person or corporation, or the agent, servant, or employe, of any person or corporation, shall perform or author-ize to be performed any secular work, labor, or business, works of necessity, mercy, and humanity excepted; nor shall any person engage in any play, game, show, exhibition, or amusement in public, in any Territory, District, vessel, or place subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or service performed or rendered in violation of this section.' This section confines the working of the bill, if it should become a law, to those places that are "subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States." These are the Territories and the District of Columbia. It is an absolute law for the Territories, making no exception, but obliging everybody to rest on Sunday. Section 2 reads as follows:Š " That no mails or mail matter shall hereafter be transported in times of peace over any land postal route, nor shall any mail matter be collected, assorted, handled, or delivered during any part of the first day of the week." This is so plain as to need no comment. The third section reads as follows:Š " That the prosecution of commerce between the States, and with the Indian tribes, by the trans-portation of persons by land or water on the first day of the week, is hereby prohibited, and any person or corporation, or the agent or employe of any person or corporation, who shall violate this section, shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten nor more than one thousand dollars; and no service performed in the prosecution of such pro-hibited commerce shall be lawful, nor shall any compensation be recoverable or be paid for the same." This shuts off inter-State commerce. By the first section, overland trains would be stopped in the Territories, but this section prohibits all Sun-day traffic between States, whether on land or water. The reader can readily see what bearing such a law as this would have on State Sunday legislation. Section 3 provides for cessation of labor on Sunday in the army and navy, prohibiting all drills, musters, and parades, except in time of active service or preparation therefor. Section 5 makes exception in case of labor or service per-formed or rendered on Sunday in consequence of 