40 A.1VE   1H1I-CJ1C.A.N.  glEaNTrrICNIML Vol,. 11, No. 5. NEW YORK, JANUARY 30, 1896. rar- ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. THE New York Sun, a paper which seems determined that there shall be war with Eng-land, suggests Fope Leo XIII. as referee in case an arbitrator is needed. THE court of heaven, presided over by the supreme " Judge of all the earth," is the court of last appeal for the victims of injus-tice and oppression; and by that court all wrongs and unjust decisions will be event-ually righted. SPEAKING of an avowedly anti-Catholic work, the North Carolina Baptist says: "It ought to be put in our public schools as a text book." It occurs to us that there is small difference between the " Protestantism" rep-resented by that sentiment and Romanism. Will the people of this country never learn that religious liberty means more than simply lib-erty for Protestants? THE Catholic Standard and Times of Nov-ember 30, says4 ‚.f.-130- rapidity -with which Protestant denominations are adopting Cath-olic saints is astonishing. It is no longer safe to consider an institution Catholic whose name is prefaced by St. Joseph or St. Vincent. The question naturally arises if this adoption is not an admission of the infallibility of the church in its canonization?" WE are told by Sunday-law advocates that God's words, " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work," mean that no work is to be done on the first day of the week, or that one day out of seven is to be observed as a day of rest; but the same, persons will not allow any such liberty of interpretation with respect to their man-made sabbath "law." ,That means a definite, particular day of the week every time. Thus they honor the statute of man above the law of God. A GREAT many people justify Sunday laws upon the ground of physical necessity. Such legislation is said to be a proper exercise of the police power of the State for the pres-ervation of health, etc. The fragile texture of this claim becomes apparent when we con-sider what class of men are calling for such laws. Are they the doctors, the scientists, the boards of public health, the men most familiar with the facts of physical science and man's ,physical needs ? No; they are the preachers. Were the clergymen to withdraw from the ranks of the Sunday-law agitators,  there would be scarce a corporal's guard left. Yet we are asked to believe that Sunday legislation is not sought for religious reasons, but simply to meet a pressing exigency created by man's physical needs, which they have discovered, and which the physicians, scient-ists, and statesmen have somehow overlooked. IT is well to bear in mind that the only true liberty which anybody can possibly have is liberty in Christ. " Re that committeth sin is the servant of sin ; " and it is only be-cause of the influence of the Spirit of Christ in the world that men recognize one another's rights even to the extent that they do, so that even those who do not realize it are in-debted to Christ for the physical liberty they enjoy. ROMAN CATHOLIC Austria is, according to report, well to the front in the matter of Sun-day legislation, having passed a law last month which demands the cessation of all industrial and commercial work on Sunday, commenc-ing simultaneously for all persons in any es-tablishment, not later than six o'clock on Sunday morning, and continuing twenty-four hours. " Works of necessity" in commerce are limited to six hours, to be determined by the governors of the provinces. Rome is always willing to keep pace with Protestant countries when they are travelling in her own pathway. - TIE-_--Christian ŁStatesman quotes with ap-proval this statement from an address by W. P. Jenks at the recent Oil City "Sabbath" Convention: " Voluntary idleness is sinful. It is the fruitful cause of crime, debasement, and suffering." This being, as it undoubtedly is, the effect of 'voluntary idleness, what about 'involuntary idleness? What will be the effect upon men of a Sunday " law " compelling them to be idle when they do not want to be idle? Plainly, it cannot but be detrimental; and its evil effect will not be in the least les-sened by a provisionŠwhich must logically followŠcompelling such idle persons to attend church. The surest way to make a man bad is to try to compel him to be good. Good, honest employment is always infinitely better than mere idleness. AN interesting decision was rendered in this city last week in the case of a Jewish baker. The facts are thus stated in the daily papers:Š David Weiner, a baker, of 302 East Houston street, was arrested and charged with delivering bread on Sunday, Dec. 1 last, and held for trial to the Court of Special Sessions by Magistrate Mott. Weiner is a member of the Downtown Boss Bakers' Union, and reported his arrest to the Union, who re-. tained Lawyer Louis Steckler, of 275 Broadway, to make a test case. At Weiner's trial Mr. Steckler contended that the observance of Sabbath upon any other day than Sun-day permits such person to labor Sunday, and fur-ther that the baking and delivering of bread is under the law an act of necessity, and therefore permissible on Sunday. Justices Jerome and Holbrook agreed that Weiner  should be acquitted upon those grounds, while Justice Hayes in a verbal dissenting opinion de-clared that Weiner was liable to a conviction upon the charge. The court acquitted Weiner, who left the room with a large delegation of the members of his union in high spirits. This is simply another illustration of the absurdity of all Sunday legislation based upon the supposed sacred character of the day. Such facts emphasize very strongly the truth that Sunday statutes are essentially religious in character. The State forbids labor on Sunday, but exempts the man who "uniformly keeps another day of the week as holy time." All Sunday " laws" ought to be abolished. THE Catholic Universe, of December 6, says:Š By raising Mgr. Satolli to the highest dignity next to that of pontiff, Leo XIII. has conferred an honor on the great nation of America and shown distinctly the high importance he attaches to his religious rep-resentative at the threshold of the Capitol at Wash-ington. There is nothing accidental in the elevations made by the " white man." He is always guided by some deep social or political idea. As Mgr. Satolli has had the hazardous honor of opening the line of -Rome's representatives to the American people, he has won the golden palm leaf that raises exceptional men and services above the mere rank or customary insignia of the profession. . . . After having been the representative of Rome in Washington, Mgr. Satolli will be on his return to the Vatican the repre-sentative of Washington in Rome. . . . He will be, to use the scriptural term, the "angel" at Rome of the young and flourishing American Church. It does not require much mental penetra-tion to fathom the meaning of this language. The words, "representative of Rome in Wash-ington," and " representative of Washington in Rome," have an ominous sound to Prot-estant ears. RIGHT HON. W. E. GLADSTONE has, very guardedly denied the authenticity of the state-ment attributed to him, as follows:Š No more cunning plot was ever devised against the intelligence, the freedom, the happiness and virtue of mankind than Romanism. Of course Mr. Gladstone's denial must be taken as conclusive, but inasmuch as the Bible calls the papal system " the mystery of ini-quity," the " grand old man " might safely have uttered the sentiment which he dis-avows. SEVERAL Vermont towns, notably Burling-ton and St. Albans, are agitated over the Sunday closing of the saloons. Better close them every day. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 and under 25 copies to one address, 1 year - 75c " 25 and under 50 " " " 1 " - 60c " 50 and under 100 " 1 Ci 55c  100 or more 1 " - 50c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 5s [Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 