JAN. 10, 1808. A.1 f11 ICA,N SRN riNT-kA,. 19 Bishops Potter and Cleveland Coxe, and Cardinal Gibbons, gentlemen who, according to this, would seem to have achieved a great success in securing a position on both sides of the Exposition fence. W. H. M. A Day of Contending Parties. MORE eloquence was heard, and a much greater interest aroused, on the third day of the hearing before the World's Fair Committee, than on either of the pre-ceding days. The committee sat from ten o'clock until half past twelve, and the time was divided equally between the contending parties. Dr. Atterbury, of the New. York Sabbath Committee, intro-duced the speakers who favored the Sunday-closing law as it stands. Dr. Atterbury stated that the New York Sabbath Committee, as an organization for the enforcement of Sunday rest, had been in existence thirty-five years, and was not of a theological caste as to mem-bership, but was composed of business and workingmen. Letters were read from John E. Parsons and Mr. John Bigelow, of New York, in which they both took unqualified ground in favor of the com-plete Sunday closing of the Fair. The speakers who followed upon this side of the question were Bishop Hurst, of Wash-ington, D. C. ; Robert L. Belknap, of New York; the Rev. Dr. McKim, of Washing-ton, D. C. Ł Gifford Agnew, of New York; Mr. Cornell, of Maryland; the Rev. Dr. Herrick Johnson, of Chicago; the Rev. Dr. Blanchard, of Illinois, and the Rev. Dr. Brooks, of New York. Those who addressed the committee in opposition to the views of the Sunday closers, were a delegation of three ladies, Mrs. Boyesen, Mrs. Remick and Mrs. Washburne, from the Woman's Club, of Chicago; Miss Susan B. Anthony; Rev. Mr. Cross, of Ohio; Rev. Minot J. Savage, of Boston; Mr. Putnam, of California; Rev. Dr. A. H. Lewis, of New Jersey, and Mr. Jas. T. Ringgold, of Baltimore. The points presented for Sunday closing were but a reiteration of those previously made, only in some instances expressed with even greater skill of diction, and vigor of intensity. One minister pub-lished quite fully his lamentable inability to recognize the distinction between the crime of polygamy and the sin of Sabbath breaking. His mental blindness was evidently shared by his brother ministers, for they assented heartily to his propo-sition that laws against polygamy, and to close the World's Fair, stand on precisely the same basis. The idea that anything in the Constitution of the United States precludes the passage of Sunday laws, by Congress, was laughed to scorn. "Why,"  cried the speakers, "if that be so, then the Constitution has cut its own throat, in the clause ' Sundays excepted," Mr. Putnam, of California, clearly showed the fallacy of this notion in a few simple words. But the same thing has been done multitudes of times and yet the fool-ishness lives. The Woman's Club, of Chicago, sent a delegation of three wise and witty women, who, after sitting quietly by and listening attentively to the ministerial talk of the previous session, astonished the assembled Sunday-closing clergymen almost out of their senses, by administering to them such a rebuke as they had never received since they left their mothers' knees. That any one, much less a woman, schould presume to so take a clergyman to task,  was to them, beyond belief; and still more irritating and horrifying was it, that, com-ing from a woman, they were obliged to listen, though with a very ill grace. This disinclination to listen to correction was emphasized by some insincere applause and cries: of, Hear ! Hear !" This the chairman severely reproved, reminding them that they had been listened to with consideration and that the same consid-eration was due from them to others, Ša courtesy which they had before failed to show. The Rev. Mr. Cross, a Presbyterian clergyman, from Ohio, struck in so open and manly a way at the deception that has been practiced in repeating petitions that the first two paragraphs of his remarks are quoted here, inasmuch, too, as it is a matter to which the SENTINEL has both frequently and lately referred. Mr. Cross said :Š Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the Committee : The real object of my being here to speak a word is in favor of intellectual honesty on the part of the orthodox churches. I am a minister of an ortho-dox church. I notice in my territory that these church petitions are exceedingly delusive, as to the number of those that sign them or vote for them. Now for example, in one instance in our State the Presbyterians passed aresolution, saying that we re-present so many, aggregating a certain membership ; and then the Christian Endeavor Society, composed of many of the same church members alluded to by that Presbyterian church, will pass a like reso-lution, and say we represent fifty, seventy or one hundred members. And then it will be brought be-fore the Sunday-school. And many of the per-sons who are counted as voting for the resolutions will have been counted three, four or five times ; and it is almost on the principle of voting early and of-tenŠwhich is so much opposed in secular politics. I am a wit-' ess to this fact. There was one petition claiming to represent eighty church members that signed the petition to Congress, but they were not present at all. It w as at a Sunday-school, and the vote was taken by the Sunday-school superintend-ent, and there were children that voted for these resolutions that were not old enough to know whether the expression, " World's Fair ' meant the pretty girls in the next pew or the Columbian Ex-position in Chicago. I deem it my duty to inform this committee of the facts in that case. The real animus of those peti-tions is religious. But you can not tell by the word-ing of the petitions just what they mean ; it is the spirit back of them that shows this. The columns of the religious press, and the exhortations of class leaders and Sunday-school superintendentsŠit is what they say to the few that are voting, that tell what these petitions mean. I deem our legislators thoroughly competent, intellectually and morally, to decide this question without any imperious dicta-tion from any sect or group of sects, as to whether this opening of the great educational Exposition is consistent with the civil Sabbath. I notice a ten-dency in my own church papers and in other ortho-dox church papers to gloat over the fact that "we " Šthat is this group of denominations having this common idea,Š" have been strong enough by our own strength, to grasp Congress; we have hurled Congress against the Seventh-day Adventists against the Seventh-day Baptists, and against the Roman Catholic citizens, and against various other of our citizens." These things Mr. Cross deprecated, and most properly. Mr. Savage also touched this same point and quoted an epigram to the effect that while it might not always be true that "figures will lie," yet it was most unfortunately a fact that "liars will figure." For the application of this he most gracefully apologized, yet found it unavoidably apt. Unexpectedly to himself, Dr. A. H. Lewis, of the Seventh-day Baptists, was called upon by the chairman to occupy half of the final ten minutes of the day's hearing in opposition to the Sunday closers. By a skill-ful manner of address, most admirable in its pleasing character, Dr. Lewis succeeded in obtaining attention for the short time given him to the historical and legal grounds against religious legislation in general, and this especial instance in par-ticular. Mr. James T. Ringgold, of Baltimore, closed the day's session with an earnest le-gal appeal in which he also found oppor-tunity to express sound reasons against legislation upon religious subjects. The two facts thus far most fully em-phasized by these hearings seem to be, the total displacement of constitutional prin-ciple by religious dogma in judicial law, and the extreme intolerance of criticism or opposition by the clergy. W. H. M. Washington, D. C. Religious Legislationists Learn An- other Lesson. THE last of the series of four hearings upon the Sunday opening or closing of the World's Fair was of more intense in-terest than anything previously heard upon this question. Three hours and a half were occupied in the discussion. Twelve speakers were heard in favor of closing the Fair on Sunday, and five in opposition. But having the larger number of speakers present did not save the religious legis-lationists from receiving another very un-welcome lesson from their opponents. Those who opposed the organized clergy at this final encounter before the com-mittee were Mr. Morgan and Mr. Askew, of Chicago, representing the Trade and Labor Assembly; and Rev. Dr. Thomas, of Chicago, while Mrs. Boyesen and Mrs. Washburne replied very concisely to some strictures upon what they had said the previous day. The openness and candor, the native force and practical character of the views and facts presented by these represent-atives of the workingmen were in most striking contrast to much, and indeed to most, that has been said at these hearings in support of Sunday closing. In summing up the argument for closed gates, Rev. Dr. George had belittled the petitions heretofore presented against re-ligious legislation as meaning nothing, representing no one, and of no value, and called upon his opposers to present the vouchers which should prove that they actually spoke for a known constituency. These vouchers Mr. Askew presented in petitions and resolutions from three hun-dred and seventy-five labor organizations in thirty-three States, and said that these were continually coming in large numbers, as he had a telegram from the head-quarters of his assembly, in Chicago, that on the previous day over thirty had been received. Only little more than a month had elapsed since the first communication had been sent out upon this matter, yet within that short time a unanimous ex-pression in favor of Sunday opening had been received from organized labor all over the United States. While Mr. Askew presented labor statistics, resolutions, pe-titions and letters which were undeniable and unanswerable vouchers as to the sentiments of the laboring men of the country, he punctuated and emphasized their presentation by concise and clearly stated explanations of the number and character of the organization from which the resolution or petition came, such as could not fail to carry conviction to every one present, however unwilling they might be to receive it, that the working-men had spoken, and that they had spoken adversely to Sunday closing. The figures of Mr. Askew were in marked contrast to the fanciful estimates of forty and fifty millions of the Sunday closers, and it was 