,f PliiiilloototiollIPIMPiiitilligill! 41140 441,——,1110it 111 (1,4;111i1IN Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 26, 1891. NUMBER 46. The American 'Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bonn Sr., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. " THE Church's weakness has ever been the uniting herself with the forces of the State; but when holiness has been her law and the Lord her glory, she has triumphed." IN the matter of education there is but one proper course for the State to pursue, namely, to provide facilities for giving not an irreligious, but a purely secular education to all children not otherwise provided for, and leaving to the Church and to the home the teaching of religion. To attempt any other course would be to belittle religion and destroy our common school system. ANGLICAN Christianity is part of the law of England, but no American court has ever decided whether that Christianity which is said to be a part of the law of the land in this country is Anglican or Roman, if Anglican it must be that this is a Protestant Episcopal Nation, and all other denominations are dissenters. Is that the kind of Christianity that the Na-tional Reformers would make the " un-deniable basis of the fundamental law of the land ?" Or, is it not rather the Cove-nanter creed on which they desire to see the fundamental laws of the United States established ? The visiting dis-senters, from England, of the different branches of the Methodist Church who met at the Ecumenical Conference in Washington, expressed themselves with great unanimity as to the noticeable and enjoyable difference between the religious atmosphere of this country, free from a  Church establishment, and that to which they are accustomed, where they must bear up under a title of somewhat oppro-brious distinction as well as the civil and social disabilities entailed by their dis-sent. Yet, while feeling and expressing so keen an appreciation of full civil free-dom of worship, the members of this same Conference passed resolutions in favor of measures which are, and which are intended to be, subversive of that very condition, in religions affairs, which they recognized as supremely fortunate. Those who still realize the unhappy situ-ations of dissent in their own case should be thoughtful of establishing such con-ditions as will burden others with the duty of dissent from them. Is This a Prerogative of the United States Courts? LAST week we showed by unquestion-able proofs from public records, as well as personal and representative documents, that the statements made by Judge Ham-mond as to the beliefs and wishes of Mr. King and his "peculiar sect " are not true in any sense. This, however, is a very small matter compared with the principle which is involved, and which underlies this action of the Judge : that is, the as-sumption of the prerogative of defining, and passing judgment upon the beliefs and wishes of citizens of the United States. For convenience, we insert again the passage referred to, which runs as fol-lows :Š The petitioner cannot shelter himself just yet, be-hind the doctrine of religious freedom, in defying the existence of a law, and its application to him, which is distasteful to his own religious feeling or fanaticism, that the seventh day of the week, in-stead of the first, should be set apart by the public for the day of public rest and religious observances. That is what he really believes and wishes, he and his sect, and not that each individual should select his own day of public rest, and his own day of la-bor. His real complaint is, that his adversaries on this point have the advantage of usage and cus-tom, and the laws founded on the usage and cus-tom, not that religious freedom has been denied to  him. He does not belong to the class that would abrogate all laws for a day of rest, because the day of rest is useful to religion, and aids in maintain-ing the churches, for none more than he professes the sanctifying influence of the fourth command-ment, the literal observance of which by himself and all men, is the distinguishing demand of his peculiar sect. As before shown, every material state-ment in this passage, as to the beliefs and wishes of the petitioner and his sect, is directly the reverse of the truth in the matter. And in view of this fact, it is evident that the Judge has presumed au-thoritatively to defirie for Mr. King and the people with whom he is religiously connected just what their " religious feel-ing" is, and what they really believe and wish. And it is evident that the Judge considers himself capable of defining for them what their religious feeling is and what they really believe and wish, better than they can do it for themselves; be-cause that which he declares to be their religious feeling, and what they really believe and wish is directly contrary to what they themselves had formerly and officially declared upon the same points precisely. Nor does the Judge stop here. Having officially declared for them what their reli-gious feeling is and what they really be-lieve and wish, and so having this point judicially settled he proceeded to judge their motives, and to declare them " dis-ingenuous,"Š" not noble or high-toned; mean, unworthy . . . unworthily or meanly artful," in their " demand for re-ligious freedom." And not content with this he must needs apply to the religious feeling which he has falsely attributed to them the approbrious epithet of "fanati-cism." This is a singular proceeding for a court of the United States. It strongly reminds us of certain court proceedings in times past, which are worth recalling in this connection. There are many of them, but one will suffice for this occa-sion. January 18, 1573, a certain Mr. White, a Puritan, and " a substantial citizen of London, who had been fined 