230 SIDNrrINIELA VoL. 11, No. 29. Adventist, next addressed the assemblage. " As Christians," he said, " my association believes in religious liberty for all." He said he had been in Toronto, " the Utopia of the National Reform Association," where the principles of the movement it advocated were applied in all their rigidity. Not only were the places of amusement and public convey-ances empty because they were not allowed to operate, but the churches were comparatively so, and in the homes of the people there was general discontent because of the stringent laws. The Sunday-law movement was anti-christian. Human hypocrites, not Christians; were made by such movements. Mr. Moon said the Catholic Church and the National Reform League, which both declared them-selves in favor of religious liberty, really pro-posed to do as they pleased and usurp all the power they could. Gen. William Birney made a brief address to the effect that if the Christian Eudeavorers proposed to indorse the movement to put God in the Constitution they must define what God is, and there were many conflicting views on that subject among the denominations of which the Christian Endeavorers were mem-bers. If they wished to aid the National Reform Association in making the' Bible the law of the land, they would do well to bear in mind that it would take all the judicial wisdom in the land to determine what was the law laid down in the Bible, inasmuch as there were all sorts to choose from. General Birney reviewed the histories of certain coun-tries which had endeavored to enforce relig-ious laws, only to result in making the ' people superstitions, hypocritical, and un-christian. Mr. Maurice Pechin and Mr. D. W. Groh also spoke. Resolutions were adopted by the meeting pro-testing against Sabbatarianism, and declaring that " democracyŠgovernment of the people, by the people, and for the peopleŠdiametri-cally conflicts with theocracyŠgovernment of, by and for self-appointed, spurious agents of God; and that theocratic tampering with our laws and Constitution, with intent to over-throw our Republic and supplant it by a the-ocracy, is a highly treasonable conspiracy, and should be dealt with accordingly." ate'  INDICTMENT OF A GREAT " CHRISTIAN NATION." [The Christian Work, July 9.] UNDER the title " Our Responsibilities for Turkey: Facts and Memories of Forty years," the Duke of Argyle breaks a long silence and makes a confession to the world unequaled in the annals of public life. Yet the Duke's publication, astonishing as it is, is a real service to humanity, although a more biting indictment against England's foreign policy is not to be met with anywhere. What the Duke makes clear is that England's shield has been thrown over the Turk's butcheries from the meanest and most sordid motive that can animate the human breast, a desire for the money profit of the Turk's trade. This motive is frankly confessed by the Duke now writing, as he says, " as an historian, as a witness and to some extent as a penitent." It is but justice to the Duke of Argyle to say that of late years he has done what 'he could to atone for the iniquity of the Crimean War. He has done this by condemning both the Syrian massacres in 1860 and the Cretan massacres in 1867, when the late Lord Derby refused to let the captains of her Majesty's navy take women and children on board to  save them from the pursuing Turks, and some captains to their honor defied their instruc-tions, and in having joined Mr. Gladstone's earnest but resultless championship of hu-manity on that occasion; and he exposes the pusillanimity and hypocrisy of two successive British administrations. Furthermore, Rose-bery's suppression of the Consular reports, his sanction of the Turkish Commission even after the Sultan's declaration that its object was to inquire "into the crimes of Armenian brigands," the transparent pretenses of his schemes of reform and his failure in not having started by coming to an understand-ing with Russia after Prince Lobanoff had invited cooperation, are all laid bare in their nakedness. But it is when we come to Eng-land's recent course of passivity towards the suffering Armenians that the Duke brings up the course of the British Government to scorn and reprobation. Speaking as if England's own hand had drawn the scimitar across a hundred thousand human throats, the Duke declares that England " must at least give up at once and forever, a close personal alliance with perhaps the best existing representative of the Kingdom of Evil upon earth. We must seek every means of hastening its fall, al-ways with due regard to the avoiding of bloody catastrophes, but not always recoiling, as a matter of course, from the alternative of war, as if it were the worst of all evilsŠwhich it certainly is not." A VOICE FROM TENNESSEE. [Nashville (Tenn.) Banner, July 131 " RELIGIOUS LIBERTY " was the subject of Dr. J. B. Hawthorne's sermon at the First Baptist Church yesterday morning. He took as his text the passage from Matthew which con-cludes, " Render unto Cmsar the things that are Cresar's, and unto God the things that are God's." The preacher said it was never Christ's purpose to have any conflict with civil gov- ernment. His kingdom was not of this world. Jesus did not claim exemption from taxation either for himself or his followers. He never undertook to force people to adopt Christianity, and when Constantine established Christianity as the religion of Rome by impe-rial edict he was more an enemy to the king-dom of Christ than was Nero, who burned the bodies of Christian believers. The people of this country believe that it is the duty of the State to protect every human within its bounds in the exercise of his relig-ious faith. If they were consistent in their principles the nation would be free from the discords and religious contentions which now disturb its peace. Believing in the absolute non-interference of the State in all matters pertaining to religious faith and practice, there are millions of Americans who yet seek the help of the State to propagate their relig-ious doctrines. With this form of introduction Dr. Haw-thorne stated the following propositions:- 1. There is a great organization in this country composed of men professing to be Christians and lovers of religious freedom, whose purpose is to secure an amendment to the Federal Constitution recognizing the divinity and Messiahship of Jesus Christ. While I would not charge the members of this organization with intentional disloyalty to Christianity and to our system of gov-ernment, I will say that their movement is radically incompatible with the spirit of Christ and with the system of government  which the fathers of our Republic sought to establish. 2. That secret, oath-bound political organ-ization known as the American Protective Association, in proposing to establish a relig-ious qualification for citizenship and office, is at war with the true doctrine of relig-ious liberty. I do not regard these disguised and dark-lanterned crusaders as willful ene-mies of the religion of Christ, and willful con-spirators against individual freedom; but as the friends of Christ and the unflinch-ing advocates of the rights of conscience, they want the American people to declare all Roman Catholics ineligible to citizenship and office. 3. The appointment of chaplains to Con-gress, to the Army and Navy, and to State legislatures, is a violation of the rights of conscience, and indicates very clearly that even in this " land of the free and home of the brave," religion is not divorced from the State. 4 Conscience is violated, and the principles of religious liberty ignored, when our Federal Government makes appropriations for de-nominational schools. 5. The exemption of houses of religious worship, parsonages and the property of de-nominational schools from taxation, is incom-patable with true religious liberty. To perceive perceive .a clear dividing line between the spheres of Christianity and of civil gov-ernment, it is only necessary to remember that the official of civil government necessarily acts in a representative capacity, while in the sphere'of Christian activity he can have no representative capacity whatever. Keeping this distinction in mind, it will be clear that force, that is, coercion, can have no proper place in Christian work. Any religion which involves action by any human being Ł as the representative of his fellows, is a false relig-ion, and naturally has dictation and coercion as outgrowing features of it. The one true and proper representative of humanity in re-ligion is the " one Mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus." And it is to the Christian a glorious thought that the Almighty Father sees him, not in his human weakness and unworthiness, but in the person of that risen and glorified ManŠthe Son whom he sent to earthŠwho stands before him as our Advocate. IN England, on a recent Monday, some Cornish fishermen made a raid on the fishing boats of some Suffolk men, and threw all their fish into the sea, because they had been caught on the previous day; and this was but the inauguration of a course of molestation and intimidation on the part of the Cornish men, which shortly necessitated the sending of troops, with two gunboats, to protect the Suffolk men, the power of the police having proved inadequate. The incident illustrates the disturbing and lawless nature of zeal for compulsory Sunday observance. The Sunday statutes of England do not forbid fishermen from pursuing their avocation on the first day of the week. THE "Christian citizenship" idea is spread-ing over the country with the rapidity of an epidemic. As interpreted by the action of " Christian citizenship" unions thus far, the idea seems to be nearly synonymous with zeal for the enforcement of the Sunday-sabbath. 