,,,0 EXACT JUSTICE  so. TO,--v ,4. 6 TH1 AIVIRIRICAN SN-TINEL. partisan denominationalists engaged in a contest for temporal success only. This is what they are. Let them confess it! Certainly the S6,-te may not rightfully propagate any religious belief, or inquire into it with a view to discriminate either for or against it,Šwhether it be Roman Catholic or Protestant. The State has no more right to use the public funds to teach the Protestant religion in the New Jersey State reform school, or the Indian schools, or any other schools, than to teach the Roman Catholic religion in the same schools. The State has no more right to enforce the " American Sunday " than the Roman Catholic Sunday, or the Conti-nental Sunday. The State may not be a par-tisan of any religious belief, or any re-ligious denomination, or any form of reli-gion. Those who undertake a partisanship in religious affairs and attempt to make them questions of political policy show themselves by this to have turned their backs on the fundamental principles of civil justice and religious truth. W. H. M. Conflicting Opinions. THE following letters, both from public men of North Carolina, who profess the Protestant Christian religion, were re-cently received by the International Tract Society of Chicago. The parties have each received THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, through the Society, and the letters ex-press the opinions of each as to the cor-rectness of the position taken by THE SENTINEL. I have read THE SENTINEL, with special interest, and I agree with it that the Church and State are separate bodies, and that the State has no right to interfere with the Church or to enact any law to restrain any individual from what he conscien-tiously believes. I believe it is entirely between the in-dividual and God whether that individual works on Sunday or not. I believe in keeping Sunday, as a sacred holiday, and feel it my duty to teach others the same, but I do not believe that the State should enact any law to restrain ( thers to my religious belief. Yours of the 13th asking my views on the posi-tion taken by your paper, THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, duly . to hand. I will unhesitatingly say, after examining your paper, that I have no sympathy whatever for your position on religions liberty, Sabbath observance, etc. I think that the second charge preferred against Socrates (corrupting the morals of the youth) would be very applicable to you. And I will forewarn you now that unless you change your position, sooner or later you will find yourself among the demons of the lower world crying out to Abraham to send Lazarus that he may dip the tip of his finger in water and cool your tongues. The path of the reformer is strewn with many thorns and a few roses; but the roses, by the way, are not his inspiration nor should the thorns discourage him. Inspired by a love for truth, and urged on by Duty's call, he does not linger to be praised nor does he falter when blamed. It is, however, a sad commentary on the intolerance of the human heart that, Prot-estant Christian Americans, standing on the threshold of the twentieth century, with all history open before them, under, the focused light of the world's civiliza-tion, should bring the charge against the advocates of Roger Williams' principles of the entire separation of Church and State, that they are corrupters of the morals of the youth, and promise them a place in an eternal burning hell. A. F. BALLENGER. 107.417L`iCDIV.A..I.e Ł R611(110118 Likrto fissoGiatioN DE GLRIVITION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government,to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WES'... MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. A MASS meeting has been called in Chicago for the evening of February 28, under the auspices of the American Secular Union, to protest against closing the World's Fair on Sunday. A VERMONT court has decided that the holder of an accident insurance policy who is injured while hunting on Sunday can not recover on his policy, because of having received the injury while violating the Sunday laws of the State. It can immediately be seen how far such a deci-sion as this might be made to carry, in denying legal remedies to those who dissent from religious forms which the civil law may recognize. THERE is an organization called the " United Christian Commission in the Interest of the Army and Navy." This organization, which seems in its inception to have been an exceedingly praiseworthy one, met in executive session at Washington, some days ago, to discuss measures to be urged upon Congress in reference to the religious branch of the military and naval service. As an adjunct to this Senator Peffer has introduced a bill to increase the number of chaplains. THE American Sabbath Union is developing great activity in Michigan ; a new paper called the Michigan Sabbath Watchman, has been started in Grand Rapids, and a virulent, as well as active campaign, is in progress. The Religious Liberty Association is issuing large editions of tracts par-ticularly adapted to combating the errors advanced by these mistaken enthusiasts. It is to be hoped that all who can use this literature to advantage will write to the Michigan office of the Association, given at the head of this column, for such as they can distribute to advantage. Ł DR. EDWARD THOMPSON, the Pacific Coast Secre-tary of the American Sabbath Union, holds up California as an awful example of a State without a Sunday law. He is reported as saying at the an-nual convention of the Union just held at Des Moines, Iowa, that " during the nine years since California repealed her Sunday law her population had increased 30 per cent. and her crime 80 per cent. In other words that the repeal of. the Sunday law manufactured criminals." When Dr. Thompson returns to California he may be asked to substantiate such statements as  these. If they are not true they should not be made. If crime has increased in this proportion it will not assist in remedying it to refer the fact to a fallacious cause. AT a notable gathering recently held in this city for the purpose of furthering the interests of the World's Fair, no reference was made to the ques-tion of Sunday closing; but in an interview with a reporter for the Mail and Express, in response to the question, " How about opening the Exposition on Sundays?" Thomas W. Palmer, President of the commission, replied, "That depends en the will of the American people. We have received large petitions from various parts of the country asking that the gates be closed on Sunday. We have not received a single petition asking that the gates be opened on the Sabbath." It is noticeable that there is in this no suggestion of the question being decided upon principle, and not even upon " the will of the American people " only as expressed. THE compulsion by which Remenyi, the violinist, was converted to Connecticut Christianity for one Sunday has brought out no little comment from the press. The Herald expresses a sound legal view of the matter when it says: " It may be doubted whether any State has a right to inter: fere with the running of through trains across its borders. The train service from Massachusetts to New York, through Connecticut, is interstate com-merce, and the courts have repeatedly held that such commerce is beyond the control of a State. Only Congress has the constitutional right to reg-ulate it." THE same course is being taken in Baltimore to evade the enforcement of Sunday laws against liquor selling, which has been used elsewhere,Šthe organization of "social clubs." These are li- -able to become worse sink-holes of corruption than the saloons themselves. The law will never do away with intemperance or lessen its evil, materi-ally, while the attempt is made from the stanch point of a moral or religious reform. If undertaken properly, as a purely civil matter, the manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquors could be stopped within any given time which the law might see fit. to set. ON the Sunday closing of the. World's Fair the Chicago Herald expresses itself thus forcibly : " If a hint be given from headquarters that the Fair will be closed totally on Sundays there will go off a protest to make all its beams ring. There will also be an eager rush for stock in that waiting syndicate to buy up the Sunday trade of the liquor saloons, if they be declared the chief educational places to be had in Chicago during the World's Fair Sundays." IN reference to the Christian Statesman, and its editorial management, the Pittsburg Times has the follow ing " The Rev. David McAllister, D. D., left for Philadelphia last night to complete arrangements to again assume control of the Christian Statesman, in company with the Rev. T. P. Stevenson. These two Reformed Presbyterian ministers have had charge of the Statesman ever since it was founded by Dr. McAllister, twenty five years ago. About a month ago the Rev. Wilbur.F. Crafts secured con-trol of the sheet, and became managing editor. "The paper has always been the organ of the Na-tional Reform Association. There was some doubt expressed among the leaders of that organization about the propriety of making the change in man-agement. A week after it was announced, notices of discontinuances of subscriptions began pouring in. The sul:sacribers were mostly members of the Reform Association. The matter soon took such a shape that it became necessary to do something to R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 