A_MER, ICA_N SENTINEL. 535 "The German and Swiss Reformers all believed that the end of the world was near."ŠIb. 818. After the suc-cessors of the early Reformers had become entangled with human governments "they took up the same ground in this respect which the Roman Catholic church had occu- pied since the days of Augustine."ŠIb. 318. We will let the late Dr. A. J. Gordon, that godly Bap- tist minister, who though dead yet speaketh, state in his kindly way the present attitude of the daughters of the Reformation periods, on this subject:Š "It is to be regretted that our Protestant Christian-ity, in its separation from Rome, never passed entirely out of the baleful shadow of this pseudo-millennium. For many to this day confound the Church with the kingdom, and apply the promises of the glory of the age to come, to the present triumphs of the gospel. God forbid that in the slightest degree we should undervalue the mission-ary and evangelical victories which have so signally marked this century; but if we are tempted to predict the speedy conquest of the whole world to Christ through these successes, we need to be admonished to speak ac-cording to the Word. The present is the dispensation of election; the declared purpose of preaching the gospel to the Gentiles in this age is to take out of them a people for His name (Acts 15:14), and it is a premature grasp-ing of the kingdom to apply to this period those glorious predictions of universal righteousness in the age to come, with which Scripture abounds." Next let a prominent Methodist clergyman, signing himself "Ignotus," tell in his powerful style another phase of the same truth:Š "Our ministry have been dazzled and bewildered by the splendor of our unparalleled material progress. They have shared it and have been lifted by it out of the pov-erty and sacrifice of the fathers, clothed in purple and fine linen, and made to fare sumptuously every day. They have come to glory not in the cross, but that in preach-ing the gospel they have gotten beyond all its crucifixions and sacrifices, and that henceforth the world would be saved by our national progress and our splendid ecclesi-astical equipage. "All this we have accounted the good time coming, the breaking of the millennium. This is the style of boasting and conceit that has characterized our pulpits for the last twenty years, and now we awakeŠif we do awakeŠto find our progress has been material and selfish Šprogress toward death. I am not saying that our na-tion is near its downfall, but I do say we are rapidly hast-ening in this direction. We need only to make progress. The inevitable tendency of our current economics and polities is to anarchy through tyranny, rebellion, revolu-tion."ŠChristian Advocate, Feb. 14, 1895. We will now submit a few quotations from the leaders in that gigantic movement of the churches called "Chris- tian Citizenship," to show that the control of civil affairs by the Church is now, as in the days of Augustine and onward, coming to be regarded as the fulfillment of Christ's promise to come again:Š "Not until the kingship of. Jesus is established over our land and the world, and his teachings made the rule in public affairs, will the Christian Citizenship League have achieved its purpose to prepare the way of the Lord.  And then it shall be found that not only has the way for his coming been prepared, but that he has indeed and in truth come."ŠThe Christian Citizen, the organ of the Na-tional Christian Citizenship League, Dec., 1896. This is exactly what the mother of harlots said in the fifth century when she had gotten control of public affairs and seated herself as a queen on the throne of the Caesars. She said, "Christ has come." "We mean to lay hands on politics, we mean to wash politics clean and clothe her in white raiment, and make her an obedient handmaid to the Great King."Š" Offi-cial Report," Boston Christian Endeavor Convention, p. 214. This is just what the mother thought to do, but in-stead of clothing politics in "white raiment" she made her own white raiment scarlet with sin, and then she thought she had reformed politics, and that she was rul-ing as the handmaid of the Great King, when in reality she was ruling as the "great harlot" the arch-enemy of the Great King. "What is my work as a member of a good citizenship committee? It is to enthrone Christ in every town and city in the State, to have every mayor and councilman a Christian, then Christ will rule.ŠOfficial Report, Boston Convention, p. 215. An official description of the Christian Citizenship meeting of the Christian Endeavor Convention, held on Capitol Hill, Washington, D. C., July 11, 1896, reads thus:Š "Never before has our government permitted the area around the Capital, the very heart of the nation, to be used for other than governmental purposes. And in-deed a governmental purpose was that, since the 50,000 represent nearly 3,000,000 young people whose force of character will make them the country's governors before many a moon has passed. That grand exhibition of young manhood and womanhood is the clearest omen yet seen of the coming time when Christ, whose right it is to reign, shall be supreme on Capitol Hill."ŠOfficial Re-port, p. 289. Pages of similar quotations might be submitted, but these must suffice as samples, showing that the Roman Catholic conception of the kingdom of Christ pervades the Protestant churches. It is this papal conception that is spurring them on to gain control of civil affairs that they too may sit as queens and be widows no longer. Meanwhile the faithful bride prepares and waits. Meanwhile she listens to the tender messages brought by the Holy Spirit from the loving Lord who shows her "things to come." Like Stephen, filled with the Holy Ghost, she looks up to heaven and sees her husband seated at the right hand of God. As he passes from the holy to the most holy apartment of the heavenly sanc-tuary she follows with her loving looks. To the Spirit's tender message from Him, "Surely I come quickly," she lovingly answers, "Even so, come, Lord Jesus." A. F. B. 