426 AMERICAN SENTINEL. captain of the ball team, whose suspension is indefi-nite and may make it impossible for him to finish his course. "Like the trustees of the Drake University at Des Moines, who 'took the Bible end' of a discussion about Professor Morgan, these trustees probably expect to es-cape criticism by taking the Sunday end of the case against the students. A Sunday game of ball, or a prize fight for that matter, would reflect glory upon its parti-cipants as compared with the act of these Minnesota pedagogues." This exchange is against Christianity, and it is just such examples of bigotry and inconsistency as this on the part of professed Christians that furnish it with ma-terial to make its attacks upon the Christian religion. The enforcement of Sunday never made any Christians, but it has contributed powerfully to make infidels. Afraid of Insults. IN an interview accorded a party of "pilgrims" by the pope, last month, the latter spoke of the slight that had been put upon him by his exclusion from the Peace Congress, and said:Š "The sovereign pontiff will remain faithful to his calling. When Christ was upon earth dispute and con-flict characterized society. There were always wars and rumors of wars, but Jesus Christ brought peace to all men of good will, and I have no more fervent wish than to follow in his footsteps. Now that the nations are becoming themselves convinced that disarmament, or at least reduction of armament, is necessary, and that it is possible to reach beneficent results by an interna-tional congress, the vicar of Christ, the Prince of Peace, is Łexcluded. "This is hard. I feel this the more since I am impris-oned in this palace as a slave for more than twenty-two years. Is my complaint exaggerated? Alas! the sov-ereign pontiff dare not show himself outside of these walls for fear of being insulted on the streets of Rome by fanatic enemies of the Vatican." The pontiff has "no more fervent wish than to follow in his [Christ's] footsteps " ; yet he "dare not show him- self outside of these walls for fear of being insulted on the streets of Rome by fanatic enemies." But how long can any one follow in Christ's footsteps who will not go where he is afraid of being insulted? The real Prince of Peace was not afraid of insults; and anyone who is truly His follower will be likewise un-mindful of such things. EX-SENATOR EDMUNDS affirms that Spain had noth-ing to cede to us in the Philippines "other than a pre-tended sovereignty that did not exist." The rights which Spain claimed there were precisely those that we denied to her in Cuba. In putting ourselves in Spain's place as the subjugator and ruler of the Filipinos we are  therefore in a position as indefensible legally as it is un_ tenable morally.ŠN. Y. World. Public Opinion.* (Copyright, 1899.) BY FRED PARDEE HANCRETT. A RUTHLESS monster, fierce and strongŠDenying right; upholding wrong: To quiet Censure, it doth draw Beneath the guise of righteous(?) law. Erst, ruling with an iron rod, It crucified the Son of God. Dictating unto kings, it still Compels submission to its will; And, eager now, as eager then, To crush the liberty of men, It fain would hamper more and more, Free speech and worship, as of yore. San Francisco, Cal. Disappearance of Individualism. WHETHER or not much concern is felt in this'country over the vanishing principle of individualism in govern-ment, the fact that it is disappearing is clearly seen, and is a matter of widespread comment. Such comments were deemed appropriate by many journals for the anniver-sary of Independence day, and our attention has been called to the following in the St. Paul Globe (MinnŁ.) of that date. It is a clear statement of a very serious sit-uation. Under the heading "1789-1899," the Globe says:Š "After more than a century of experience in conduct-ing representative government as closely as at all possi-ble along the lines of individualism, the American people find themselves on the closing anniversary of the -na-tional holiday in the nineteenth century, brought face to face with political, social and economic conditions which threaten the complete disappearance of the principle of individualism. "The minimum of interference with the rights and privileges of the individual citizen, either through gov-ernment or otherwise, was the dominant principle in the theories of social and political control which prevailed among us during the greater part of the first century of our national existence. To-day the individual is of minor importance, and is everywhere yielding to the weight and control of the mass. In our industrial life the individual gave way completely before partnership and joint stock associations. They in turn made room for the control of the corporation. The corporation is fast being displaced by the aggregation of corporations. *Lines suggested by results attending Sunday-law legislationŠthe out-growth of malice and intolerance. 