176 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, MARCH 17, 1898. THAT there is not much reform power in Sunday keeping must be ev-ident when the saloon can be made to keep Sunday, and still remain the disreputable place that it is. No saloon ever kept the Sabbath of the Lord. GOD calls every person to be a Christian, and every Christian to be a missionary and reformer,Što "go about doing good," to minister to those suffering from any need; to reform all that which has become marred and broken down by sin. For all this there is a world-wide op-portunity to-day. Have you heard this call? THE Christian Endeavor Society of Syracuse, N. Y., in recent session passed a number of resolutions for presentation to congressmen from their district, among which was one "To enact a Sabbath law for the na-tional capital." We are sorry to note that this seems to represent a general sentiment amongthe members of this great organization. READ, on another page, "The Sad Story of Spain," and remember as you read that Spain has been of all nations the most faithful ally of the papal church; and also that Pope Leo XIII. has stated that "what the church has done for other lands, she will do for the United States." Then ask yourself whether you are in favor of giving her a chance to do it. FIFTY millions for war appropri-ated by the United States Govern-ment, $120,000,000 for warships by Great Britain, 90,000,000 roubles by Russia for a like purposeŠwhat a "pretty penny" it costs these "Chris-tian nations" to live at peace with each other! What a saving of money it would be if they could really be Christian enough to let each other alone I A FORCIBLE condemnation of Sun-day laws is contained in the following words spoken at the Christian En-deavor convention at San Francisco, by Rev. Robert Johnston:Š "Idleness is not holiness; cessation from toil and pleasure-seeking is not Sabbath keeping. Separation to a special purpose is the root idea of holiness, and /the day that is separ-ated unto God is the true Sabbath." WHILE science and civilization have done much to ameliorate the condi-tion of the race, it is evident from the situation to day that they have not kept pace with the power of human greed and selfishness to plunge the race into misery and woe. Selfish-ness finds some way to "get around" science and civilization every time. Never was there such need of the spirit of brotherly love. A HEARING is soon to be given at Albany on the Assembly Bill intro-duced by Mr. Weekes, for "permitting non-professional games and sports on Sunday after one o'clock in the afternoon in cities of the first class." If legislators would get down to principles, and not waste time and efforts on questions of mere selfish expediency, they might do much more than is being done to clear up the sit-uation and benefit the country. FIFTEEN thousand car-loads of mail matter, it is said, are sent out every Sunday under the orders of the National Post-office department, in caring for which the services of 500,-000 men are required. An exchange in calling attention to this fact forci-bly suggests that to ask the Govern-ment, which thus desecrates Sunday, to enact a law against Sunday work, would be much like asking burglars to enact a law against house-break-ing. IT is stated upon good authority that the pope's blessing has repeat-edly been bestowed upon the Spanish soldiers and arms in Cuba; and as the Spanish army celebrates mass in  the field as faithfully as though it were a part of military tactics, and the soldiers are faithful Catholics, there can be no reason why the papal blessing should be withheld, and no reason for doubting the truth of the statement. Nor is any doubt cast upon its reliability by the results which have followed the efforts of the Spanish arms in the island. A WASHINGTON, D. C, dispatch states that "a queer question of Sun-day observance has been raised at the State Department by the Ham-burg-American Steat ship Company. The American consul at Hamburg, who was a Pittsburg newspaper man, has refused to furnish papers to ves-sels clearing that port on Sunday, and there is a heavy penalty for ves-sels sailing without the necessary papers. Sunday is one of the regular sailing days for the Hamburg line. It has been customary, it is said, to permit passengers to land in this country on Sunday." THINK of the absurdityŠto say nothing of the wickednessŠof punish-ing a child in the public schools for not being "patriotic" I and punishing him severely, too. (We refer to the incident in the Brooklyn school, mefi-tioned in our last issue.) The most unreasonable demands, are generally accompanied by the severest punish-ments in case of refusal. Think of a school teacher assuming to know when a child is patriotic and when he is not!.What constitutes the highest, truest patriotism? Who has author-ity to settle the question for every-body else, or for anyone else? Who has authority to set up a standard of patriotism in the public schools and compel anybody else to conform to it ? Even if patriotism were a thing as well defined and understood as the multiplication table, who has a right to compel anyone elseŠchild or adultŠto be patriotic? What court would enforce such a claim, or listen to it for a moment? The chil-dren have a right to be protected against such teachers. 