"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, MARCH 16, 1899. NUMBER 11. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Jar Any one receiving the American Sentinel Without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not .ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New 'York Postoffice.) SELFISH generosityŠgiving some one else a "piece of your mind." THE Christian church cannot keep one eye upon the state, and the other eye upon God. A A THE sword of the civil authority cannot be used to reap harvests for the Lord. A A No PEOPLE ever preserved their rights except by working out their own salvation. -4 A "BENEVOLENT assimilation" is governmental benev-olence. Real benevolence means giving, not taking. THE nineteenth century is no time for growth and fruit bearing from seed sown back in the Dark Ages. A A TAKE the assumption away from the basis of the Sunday laws, and they would have no foundation on which to stand. A A IF men are going to enforce God's laws let them also enforce God's penalties. The two belong together and no man has a right to separate them. But who will venture so far as to assume the right to inflict death upon people for sin? Let such a one first begin with himself You cannot save any person by making him keep the Sabbath; he can be made to keep the Sabbath only by being saved. A A THE beef trust supplies men with embalmed beef; a Sabbath trustŠfor enforcing SundayŠwould give to men only an embalmed Sabbath. A A DON'T worry about whether the Sabbath is going to be "preserved" or not. God's SabbathŠthe only one that is worth anythingŠis a living thing, giving life to man, so that he is refreshed in keeping it. It does not call upon men for their aid to preserve its life; it calls upon them to receive the life itibas to impart, and that in never-failing measure. Human Rights. CHRIST said, "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12:47. Not if any man believe I judge him not; but "If any man bear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." This is so far from the practice of the professed Christian world that I have seen people who thought they were Christians, and I do not dispute but what they were so far as they knew, who would not believe that that statement was in the Bible when it was read directly from the Bible. When the Lord Jesus judges nobody for not believing, how can men judge anybody for not believing? and above all, how can those who profess to be the Lord's people judge any-body for not doing or believing what Jesus said. Jesus said, "The word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me." John 14:24. "God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself." 2 Cor. 5: 19. "God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son." 