Mara, Ian Studeets.  army Cbe .Arming of tk nall0115  tomb The Significance of the Pets., Activity AMERICAN SENTINEL. 365 downright murder, it's high time to call a halt," said Joe Palmeter, indignantly. "You are right, Joseph; but not only did the Duke of Burgundy make the people believe him innocent, but he even forced a great preacher of the day to praise the act, which was nothing but the most dastardly murder, in one of his public sermons." "Do you think that was right to submit, professor, even though the duke threatened his life if he refused?" asked Julia March, who always wanted to know the moral bearing of any question. "I will answer you next week, Julia," said the teacher, glancing at the clock and ringing the bell for dismissal. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. War Needs. [WE are requested by the American Bible Society of this city to insert the following:Š] To supply the army and navy of the United States now expanded to a war footing, very large demands are being made on the American Bible Society for pocket Testaments. Tens of thousands of copies have been called for by the chaplains of regiments, Young Men's Christian Association officers, and other responsible par-ties who are at work in the camps all over the country and at the front. Care is used to insure the wisest distriŁ bution accompanied by a friendly word with each man. Deprived as they are of reading matter, they gladly ac-cept the books, and will treasure them as a souvenir of the war. Our brave boys in blue who are exposing their lives for country and humanity, are exposed also to the pas-sions and demoralizing influences of war. It is a sacred and patriotic duty to equip them with "the sword of the Spirit which is the Word of God." In order that the American Bible Society may be able -to grant these great and unexpected requests, gifts large and small from individuals and churches should be sent at once direct to WILLIAM FOULKE, Treas., Bible House, New York City. THE (HiNING OF THE NITIONS, An illustrated pamphlet, showing some of the mod- ern appliances for war which are now in actual service, with descriptions of the same. It gives a ta-ble showing the strength of the armies and navies of Europe. 1/ERY INTERESTIfIG. Second Edition. Eighteenth Thousand Now Ready, Price, 10 cts. each; $5.00 per hundred. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. SOMETHING NEW, NEAT, NICE, And necessary, if you would know, and have others know the coriPLETE oecALounE as God spake it from Sinai's flaming- summit. A CHART 12x18 INCHES. On thick paper, mounted at top and bottom. with metal and ready to hang on the wall. Postpaid, 25 Cents. Postage stamps acceptable. LAW OF Goo  ., EX 20 2 TN LOFto 71. rxtEou or -rm ﬁNE, ORGAN OF THE Single Copy, Per Year, Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. International Religious Liberty Assoeiation. Six months, Three " Ł IN le $1.00. .50 - .25 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 