184 TrtE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 23. 712e jinritioaR BeOiRel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY 3, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-s. r ibed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-ishers to pay for the same. WHEN Col. Elliott F. Shepard was chosen president of the American Sunday Union, he de-livered an address, in which he referred to the object of the Union in these words : " We do not put this work on mere human reasoning, for all that can be overthrown by human reason ; we rest it directly and only on the divine command-ment." In this one sentence he logically gives away the whole theory of the Sunday movement. He admits, and truthfully too, that from the standpoint of human reason it can be overthrown. So that settles that feature of the work. And when he "rests it directly and only on the divine command," the position is even more easily over-thrown; the commandment itself overthrows Sunday observance by making no reference to it whatever. Yet, after so frankly admitting its un-tenable nature, the colonel and his Union persist in thrusting their Sunday absurdity on the people. THE Nebraska Citizen, after referring to the recent shameful persecution of certain individuals in Milton County, Georgia, because they were observers of the seventh-day Sabbath, says:Š " Why not petition Congress and the Senate to pass the Blair Educational bill, and then make such procedures as the above, a thing general over the country ? " We are glad that some of our exchanges, at least, are discerning enough to foresee the conse-quences which would logically result if Senator Piair's educational schemes were ever to be car-ried into effect. People who claim to see noth-ing out of place in such measures as these would perhaps see nothing out of place in any religious legislation; but one thing is sure : let such measures as these prevail, and liberty in anything more than in name will cease to be a factor in our Govern-ment. Then the way will be opened to make such procedures as the Citizen refers toŠyea, and others of even more oppressive natureŠthings which will indeed be "general over the country." IN a recent sermon preached in Los Angeles, this State, Dr. Cantine (Methodist) said Ł " Now, the question is, How shall we observe the Sabbath? The Sunday bill has attracted more atten-tion, and appealed to more people, than any other question of the times. Now, I propose to state my posit ion squarely as in favor of the absolute enforce-ment of this bill. The question of Sunday trains, Sun-day theaters, and Sunday excursions and amusements, must be discussed and settled. . . . " Shall we legislate against Sabbath breaking?ŠYes, both in the State and in the Nation. You can't legislate men into thinking right, but you can coerce them into obeying the law. You can't make them love the Sabbath by law, but you can keep them from violating it, and you can enforce it as a day of rest and peace. Men must be educated into love for the day, and respect for it, and for the divine command for its observance. It is coming. The movement is gain-ing headway. It is plain to all thinking men that if something is not done soon, Sunday will become a general holiday and observed by only a few. The time for a reform is at hand, and Legislatures have begun to take cognizance of the situation and pass measures for preserving the law and the order and the sacred-ness of the day." The report of the sermon which we saw does not say what bill the gentleman was talking about, but we assume that it was the Blair Sun-day-Rest bill; but be that as it may, the language quoted marks him as a genuine National Re-former, except in this, that he has not yet learned that the demand for Sunday laws must professedly be made not on religious but on economic and sanitary grounds. But Mr. Crafts is expected to visit this coast shortly, and we suppose that his Los Angeles disciple will then learn the way of National Reformers more perfectly. AND still the work of securing " signatures " to the petition for a national Sunday law goes bravely forward. We have received from South-ern California a copy of a paper entitled The White Ribbon, which contains, in a report of a meeting of the W. C. T. U., the following para-graph " The petition, for the Sabbath law was sent to the ministers of all denominations, to be signed by the proper officials on behalf of the church. Many hearty re-sponses were received, and earnest wishes given for our success." This simply means that all the ministers have been asked to have a few officers of their several churches sign the petition in behalf of the entire church membership; then these petitions will be presented to Congress as representing so many thousands or tens of thousands of people, per-haps a majority of whom have never seen or even heard of the petition which they are supposed to have signed.' But perhaps it is only fitting that Sunday, which is itself only a counterfeit, should be maintained by fraud. THE Detroit Commercial Advertiser of May 23, 1889, has the following editorial item in re-gard to National Reform methods, which we print entire, not because it presents anything new to the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, but because it shows that the iniquities of these pseudo-reformers are known, and that their sins are finding them out. The Advertiser says :Š " The National Religious Reform advocates, whose bill making religious education a constitutional pro-viso, and whose petition for a Sunday-observance law are being quietly pushed in preparation for a new move on Congress when it assembles, made an ex-traordinary announcement some months ago. It was asserted officially that over 14,000,000 signatures had been obtained to petitions for the movement, and the impression was created that that number of persons had affixed their signatures to these petitions. Such seemingly intense earnestness in behalf of the desired reform was astonishing both to the lukewarm indif-ferents and those who saw just reasons for opposing the movement. Some of the latter class having ob-tained over 30,000 signatures distinctly and intelli-gently affixed to the counter petition, made a quiet investigation to discover how the other side could ac-complish so much in a little time. The result has been to expose a most deliberate misrepresentation of facts. Instead of 14,174,744 signatures, there are but 407 individual signatures, the remainder being representative signatures by indorsements of bodies and meetings. For instance, Cardinal Gibbons said the Catholic Church approved of the movement, and the 7,200,000 Catholics in this country were entered in bulk as signers of the petition. The annual conven-tions of the Methodist, Baptist, and Presbyterian Churches in the United States indorsed the reform, and 5,977,693 were added to the number of approvers. And so it went along, names piling up by the million, and not ten out of every thousand said to approve the petition, knew anything about its merits or effects if adopted. At this rate how soon will the right to petition become a forgotten privilege?" We do not know from what source the Com-mercial Advertiser derives its information, but  through a misprint, or otherwise, it misstates the number of signatures to the counter petition. Before the final adjournment of the last Con-gress the counter petition contained over 230,000 names of bona fide signers. We suspect that the Advertiser intended to give that number. Our contemporary is also at error on one other point, namely, Cardinal Gibbons did not say that the Catholic Church approved of the move-ment. What he did say was, "I am happy to add my name." He spoke only for himself, and the multiplication of his name by 7,200,000 was a most unwarranted liberty. It was, however, in perfect keeping with National Reform methods. A Prophecy Being Fulfilled. DR. BROWNE, in the Pittsburg National Re-form Convention of 1874, gave expression to the following sentiment :Š " There is no more persistent man alive than the typical representative American office-seeker. Of that class, the most of those who have not yet found whether they are for Christ or not, or who are openly decrying this movement, are ready to be its firm friends as soon as they acquire wisdom to discern the signs of the times, and are assured of its speedy suc-cess. They may pull back now at the hind axle, or scotch the wheels of the car of progress; but when they see it move, they will quickly jump in to get front seats; and avow that they always thought it was a good thing." That the doctor was about right in his calcu-lation, there is no reason to doubt. -On the con-trary, we have evidence before us that the leaven is already working, as is shown by the following on the subject of "The Sunday Movement," in the Burlington, Vermont, Independent of May p1:Š " This movement is everywhere gaining strength. In addition to what the great railroads of the country are doing, to which we called attention a week or two since, we may note another very powerful movement in the same direction. Mr. Proctor, from Vermont, Secretary of War, has issued (of course with sanction of President Harrison) an order relieving all United States soldiers from Sunday parade and duty of every kind in time of peace. Thus the movement seems to gain strength everywhere. We have not been our-selves a very great stickler for Sunday observances, but the more we see of the progress made in this di-rection, and the greater the prospect of a general and all but universal observance of the day, the stronger is our interest in that direction." The editor of the Independent may not be an office-seeker, but he is apparently actuated by the same desire to be on the popular side; and as his interest grows stronger as the movement grows in popularity, he will probably yet become "a very great stickler for Sunday observance." As to Mr. Proctor, there is no doubt his order above noted was instigated by the strength of the Sun-day movement. Now is the time to renew your subscription to this paper. Look at the date on the address label, or wrap-per, of your SENTINEL this week. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL: AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of 'the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in far. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.9C In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL; 1039 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 