198 AMERICAN SENTINTI  T 4. this particular day, of which Sunday is the rival, has not only the Father's name in it, but also is said in Scripture to be a sign. No one who is at all acquainted with the religious movements in this country for the last half century or more, can deny that there has indeed been another day contended for as the Sabbath, that really does con-tain the Father's name and is positively called by God himself his sign. That day is the seventh day of the week. For proof on this point we turn to Ex. 20:8-11, "Re-member the Sabbath day to keep it holy," etc. This is the fourth precept of the Decalogue, and it can readily be seen that it contains God's name,Š"In six days the Lord [Jehovah] made heaven' and earth," etc. Of the sanctuary that God commanded Moses to build, and in which the lawŠthe ten commandmentsŠwas put, it is frequently said that God's name was there. For instance, Dent. 16:6: "But at the place which the Lord thy God shall choose to put his name in, there thou shalt sacrifice the passover, at even, at the going down of the sun, at the season that thou earnest forth out of Egypt." Also of the temple which Solomon built and dedicated, and which replaced the movable structure that Moses built, it is said (1 Kings 8:29): "That thine eyes may be open toward this house night and day, even to-ward the place of which thou bast said, My name shall be there," etc. No less plainly and more so if there is any difference at all, is the seventh day called a sign. In Ex. 31:13 we read: "Speak also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my Sabbaths ye shall keep; for it is a sign between me and you." The same thing is stated again in verses 16, 17. And yet again in Eze. 20:12, 20 we have the same truth uttered, "Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." "And hallow my Sabbaths, and they shall be a sign be-tween me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Let it be remembered that it is not simply man who thus speaks of the seventh day as the sign of God, but it is God himself who says it. And because God says it, the seventh day is now being set forth as the sign of the Creator, and the people of this countryŠyes, and of the whole worldŠare asked to recognize it as such. But just here it is proper to state most emphatically that under no consideration is governmental recognition and aid asked for the seventh day as is the case with' Sunday. Being the, sign of God's eternal power in crea-tion and redemption, it could not in the very nature of things ask such aid; while it is perfectly consistent that for Sunday, being the sign of the papacy which has never used any other power than that of the governments of earth, such help should be asked. No, indeed; the seventh day as the sign of God ap-peals to the individual conscience, leaving to the individ7  ual himself the decision whether he will recognize the day or not;, leaving him to answer before God's tribunal and not man's, for his action, whether for or against.. And this is in perfect harmony with the principles recog-nized in the American Constitution, as explained by those who framed it. The two daysŠthe Sabbath and SundayŠare now and have been for years, before us; the prophecy is being fulfilled, and we are called upon to choose which we will accept. And be it ever remembered that it cannot be both at one time. That important results hang upon the issue before us will be pointed out iii future articles. Meanwhile the reader is asked, Which day will you acceptŠthe seventh day, the true Sabbath, which con-tains the Father's name, and is God's sign? or the Sun-day, which is never in the Scripture called the Sabbath or Lord's day; is not nor ever can be God's sign; but ' is and always has been from the first the sign of the papacy? What Is the Kingdom of God? IT is the fond dream of many that the kingdom of God is to be ushered in, or at least hastened, by political action. It was Miss Willard who said some years since: "The kingdom of God must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics." But what is the king-dom of God? In the epistle to the Romans, the apostle says, "The kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." Certainly in this sense the coming of the kingdom bf God could be in no way hastened by political action. Politics is not a means of grace. Wherever Christ reigns there is his kingdom. To his disciples he said, "Verily I say unto you, there be some standing here which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the kingdom of God come with power. And after six days Jesus taketh with him Peter, and James, and John, and leadeth them up into a high mountain apart by themselv es: and he was transfigured before them. And his raiment became shining exceeding white as snow; so as no fuller on earth can white them. And there ap-peared unto them Elias with Moses and they were talk-ing with Jesus." And again he said, "The kingdom of God is within you." In the transfiguration, they saw the kingdom of God in miniature; saw it as it will exist when all God's people shall be gathered home. There was Christ the King, all glorious in his royal apparel; there, too, were Moses and Elias; the first representing those who, having fallen asleep in Jesus, will be raised to immortality at his ap-pearing; the second, representing the living saints who shall be changed to immortality and be translated with-out seeing death, even as was Elijah. But the heart subdued by the love of God, cleansed by the blood of Christ, changed by the transforming 