THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 181 is exercised by the Church of Rome, not because Rome outnumbers the Protestants, but because of its perfect organization. Protestants are divided between the several parties, and it is practically impossible to unite them in any one party, but the Catholic vote can be given almost solid for one party or the other, as the interests of the church may demand. It is because of this fact that Rome is a standing menace to our free insti-tutions. With the exception, perhaps, of the Mormon Church, which, however, is so small that it cuts no figure in national politics, no other single church is so well organized, and at the same time no other church presents the same religio-political phase as does the Roman Catholic. As a gen-eral rule, Protestants owe their highest political allegiance to the Governnent, while Catholics owe their highest allegiance to the Pope of Rope, and are under the entire control of a corrupt and scheming priesthood. It is the boast of Catholics in many sections of our country that they have it in their power to defeat any man for office. It is also their boast that they control the press, and it is undoubtedly their design to control the Govern-ment. This, of course, would be impossible were Protestants united inopposing them, but with the National Reformers ready to make " repeated advances," even though they suffer "some re-buffs," and to compromise and yield point after point, in order to gain the co-operation of the Catholic Church in securing Sunday laws, and other legislation of the same character, what may we not expect even in this country ? Doing Evil That Good May Come. THE Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, D. D., a promi-nent worker in the cause of so-called National Reform, while referring some time since to the petitions which were being circulated for signa-tures against the religious legislation provided for by the now defunct Blair Sunday-Rest bill, took occasion. to remark that said petitions were so worded as to give the "false impression" that the National Reformers were "asking for a law to promote the religious observance of the Sabbath," whereas, he said, they "were seeking only protec-tion for Sunday rest and worship." Inasmuch as religion is defined to be any "system of faith and worship," it follows, from the lucid explana-tion of Mr. Crafts, that the difference between the religious observance of the Sunday sabbath and what he and his co-reformers are seeking, is about as great as the difference between tweedledee and tweedledum. As has been repeatedly shown, there is nothing false whatever in a single statement of the counter-petition.,  It was designed to open the eyes of the people, and their representatives in Congress, to the fact that religious legislation was being called for by National Reformers, and that if their plea was granted, grave danger menaced the republi-can institutions of this country. This point, how-ever, is seized upon by Mr. Crafts as being one which is designed to convey a " false impression." Were there the remotest probability that the reverend gentleman would" take it, the advice might be suggested that "those who live in glass houses should not throw stones." It is improb-able, however, that anything by way of advice would have much effect upon him in this matter. A man who would deliberately make the state-ment from both pulpit and press, that a petition calling for a National Sunday law had obtained 14,000,000 signatures, when in point of fact only 407 names were attached to it, would have suffi-cient self-assurance to do almost anything. He would, doubtless, even sanction the various subter-fuges used to obtain the re-indorsement at different times and places of many of these individuals who were already numbered in the petition, and yet whose indorsements, made in many cases without their knowledge, were again and again counted as new names to the original petition. All these and other questionable measures were re-sorted to by Dr. Crafts and his associates. Some names were used as many as five times, while thousands of persons were represented as favoring the movement who in reality were di-rectly opposed to it, and had actually signed tie counter petition. Such work as this should make the'National Reform Association feel that it has secured a craftsman who is in every way worthy of the work in which he is engaged. Truly the accusation of laboring to create "false impres-sions" comes with poor grace from any National Reformer, but peculiarly so under these circum-stances from the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, D. D. A marked feature among National Reformers seems to be their apparent inability to adopt truthful and upright methods of dealing with the questions to which they have committed them-selves. Their entire work evidences a chronic failing in this direction, and the more thoroughly an individual becomes saturated with the princi-ples of National Reform, the more perceptibly does this failing manifest itself. And the work of Mr. Crafts seems to afford no exception to this rule. The proclivity for falsehood developed by the Romisb Church in its early history was perfectly wonderful, if the statements of historians are to be credited. It was not only a well-known maxim among the Catholic Fathers that falsehoods were valuable auxiliaries, to the truth, but it was a custom expressly defended and maintained by them that it was right to perform evil deeds that so-called good results might be accomplished. Whether this is the reason or not for such actions as have just been referred to on the part of Na-tional Reformers, it is a fact that when men have certain objects to be gained they naturally expect to resort to such methods as have gained similar results in times past. And in this -connection there is certainly a striking similarity between the methods of the National Reform Association and its illustrious prototype, the Papacy. J. W. SCOLES. Shall We Go Back? REV. W. D. GRAY, secretary of the Sunday Reform Convention recently held at Sedalia, Missouri, gave expression to his views of national reform in the following characteristic language:Š " To appeal to divine authority in our legislation would be to fundamentally change the law of our land, or the principle adopted by our fathers when they said that all Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. I for one do not believe that, as a political maxim. I do not believe that Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed ; and so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law. Jefferson was under the in-fluence of French ideas when the Constitution was framed, and that had something to do with leaving God out of the Constitution. And I think that the provincial history of this country will compel us to come back to that, and recognize God in our Consti-tution. And I see in this reform a Providence teach-ing us the necessity of recognizing something else  besides the will of the people as the basis of govern-ment." We have often logically traced the utterances of National Reformers to the point reached in the above sentiments, but they do not all so frankly and openly declare their intention to utterly overturn the primary principles of the republic. We have from the first recognized the National Reform movement as un-American, diametrically opposed to republican institutions; but they have endeavored to resent the charge, even in face of the fact that their every move sustained it. But now we have the public avowal from the Rev. secretary of a State convention, that "the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law,"Šthat Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. Unless the Na-tional Reform Association, or its viceroy, the National Sabbath Association, publicly refute this annunciation of Rev. W. D. Gray, we shall deem that purpose as acknowledged and settled, and that our logical deductions to this end in the past will no longer be disputed. Therefore, the public may hereafter know that the so-called National Reform, is a movement to es-tablish a Government that will utterly ignore the consent of the governed; that it is avowedly "an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law." Just now, however, the Reformers are reeving heaven and earth to procure the consent of the governed to their traitorous scheme; or, rather, to make a show of having procured their consent to be ruthlessly shorn of their only protection against any measures that religious intolerance might conceive. They made a bold effort last winter to convince the United States Congress and the people at large that they already had the consent of the governed to the enactment of the Blair bills; and at the same time they were push-ing to their utmost their principle of carrying out their designs without such consent. They rep-resented millions of people, without even asking their consent, as petitioning Congress to enact those bills, when thousands of the same people had actually signed adverse petitions. Mr. Gray thinks "that the provincial history of this country will compel us to go back to that, and recognize God in the Constitution." IIad he and his confreres lived during "the provincial history of this country," and been obliged to swallow some of the medicine they are prescrib-ing to-day, they might haVe seen its imaginary glories in a different light. Had they lived in Massachusetts, and been either Baptists or Quak-ers, they might have enjoyed the pleasures of imprisonment, banishment, whipping, or hanging, without the consent of the governed. And other colonies were conducted on the National Reform idea that " Governments derive their just powers" from the church, when men were fined and im-prisoned for not attending church, and their prop-erty sold to pay the ministers' tax. Whichever church gained the ascendency in any colony claimed the prerogative of manipulating the Gov-ernment. But if the Government does not derive its just powers from the consent of the governed, from whom do its just powers emanate?ŠWell, the National Reformers claim that it comes from God. By what means does God communicate his will to the Government?ŠThrough the Bible. Who are the interpreters of the Bible?ŠThe church, of course. Then in what relation does 