114 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Supreme Court and a National Religion. A MOST remarkable and unlooked for evidence of the timeliness of the articles which have lately appeared in THE SEN-TINEL, on the derivation and growth of religious law, has been giVen in a late de-cision delivered by Justice Brewer of the Supreme Court of the United States. This decision also bears proof positive that the principles educed in those articles, from the facts which were taken as premises, are Sound. The accuracy of the statement of fact is corroborated in the decision. And that, in logically following the lead-ing of these facts, a conclusion as to the unity of the State and religion,Šor of Church and State, which is but another wording for the same thing,Šhas been reached by the Supreme Court, is incon-trovertible evidence that the same con-clusion arrived at in these columns was just and warranted. THE SENTINEL has asserted that the weight of judicial precedent establishes a union of religious ecclesiasticism and the State in this country. Justice Brewer affirms the same thing. THE SENTINEL denies the jurisdiction of the court or Legislature in religious things. Justice Brewer accepts their authority in religion, and is willing to be an instrument for the further. enforcement of the legal prece-dents favoring and establishing accepted religion. The Supreme Court of the United States has then concurred in the arraignment of the State of Tennessee (representing the States in general) here previously made, and has hastened to give testimony that it is itself particeps The case in which the Supreme Court has done this is that of the Rector etc., of the Church of the Holy Trinity vs. the United States. An English clergyman came to New York under contract to serve this religious body. The foreign contract labor law of the United States was invoked, and it was held that the law had been Violated. An appeal was taken to the United States Supreme Court. On Feb. 29, Mr. Justice Brewer delivered the opinion, from which there seems to have been no dissent. In view of the language, intent, and spirit, of the First Amendment to the Con-stitution, it is patent enough that matters pertaining to religion or the ecclesiastical business of religious bodies are not within the jurisdiction of the United States Courts, neither are they within the sphere of congressional legislation; and had the bill, under which this action was brought, been passed with the intent to cover within its provisions ministers of religion it would, to that extent, have been uncon-stitutional and void. Thus simple would have been the decision of the case upon correct principles. But to these the Justice of the Supreme Court has not re-ferred, except, casually, to use the con-stitutional clause, which prohibits the United States from making any law re-specting an establishment of religion, to show that this country has, and already had, an establishment of religion. He first shows that the statute, as worded, covers the broadest possible ground; then argues, that there is suffi-cient precedent to justify the court in giving it a 'restricted interpretation and exempting this class of laborers, together with others specifically mentioned in another clause; further, that the framers  of the measure could not have intended to include ministers; but still beyond these considerations, and above them all, is the controlling fact that " it is historically true " that " this is a religious people ; that the precedents affirm and reaffirm that " this is a religious Nation ; " that " we area Christian people," and "the morality of the country is deeply ingrafted upon Christianity; " because it is also said, and truly, that the Christian religion is part of the common law of Pennsyl-vania ;" "that there might be gathered a volume of unofficial declaration, in addi-tion to the mass of organic utterances, that this is a Christian Nation." Thus by the easy gradation through the expressions " religious people," "religious Nation," "Christian people," "Christian Nation," the series culminates in the National Re-form shibboleth, and the capsheaf has been put to the theory that the Christian reli-gion is part of the common law of the individual States, by declaring, by fiat of the Supreme Court, the United States to be a Christian Nation. For the purpose of upholding these views two classes of historical and judicial precedents are cited, both of which are indiscriminately used to uphold the theory of the union of religion with the State. The one set of precedents does establish the position taken, while the very prec- edents are in themselves the strongest arguments possible that the laws for which they stand should be abrogated; the other set is diametrically opposed to these in thought and purpose, they are antipodal. No one who looked beyond the fact that the titles of the :Deity or moral truths, are expressed in both could fail to see that they are in complete an-tagonism to each other. Yet Justice Brewer has massed them together as common evi-dence to the same point. His line of prec-edent runs back to the discovery of the .New World by Christopher Columbus, commissioned from "Ferdinand and Isa-bella, by the grace of God, King and Queen of Castile," to explore and discover by God's assistance.' There was the germ, and every seed will produce after its kind. The next was the Colonial grant to Sir Walter Raleigh from " Elizabeth, by the grace of God, Queen, defender of the faith," etc., in which he was author-ized to establish laws in the Colonies if only "they be not against the true Chris-tian faith now professed in the Church of England." The first seed was Roman Catholic, the second the State Church of England. A-gain, in the first charter of Virginia, given in 1606, King James I. makes the grant that it may " tend to the glory of his divine Majesty, in propaga- ting of Christian religion, etc. Justice Brewer supports these citations further by saying :Š Language of similar import may be found in the subsequent charters of that Colony, from the same king, in 1609 and 1611; and the same is true of the various charters granted to the other Colonies. In language more or less emphatic is the establishment of the Christian religion declared to be one of the purposes of the grant. In Connecticut the declaration upon, which the provisional goverment was in-stituted, affirmed that they did "enter into combination and confederation, to-gether, to maintain and preserve the lib-erty and purity of the gospel of our Lord Jesus which we now profess, as also the discipline of the churches, which, accord-ing to the truth of -the said gospel, is now practiced among us." The charter of privileges of the province of Pennsylvania recites :Š Because no people can be truly happy, though under the greatest enjoyment of civil liberties, if abridged of the freedom of their consciences, as to their religious profession and worship; and Al-mighty God being the only Lord of consciences, Father of lights and spirits; and the author as well as object of all divine knowledge, faith and wor-ship, who only doth enlighten the minds, and per-suade and convince the understandings of people, I do hereby grant and declare, etc. In order to express the full thought and intent of this clause the Justice should have quoted farther and have shown that the declaration made is :Š That no person or persons, inhabiting in this province or territories, who shall confess and ac-knowledge one Almighty God, . . . shall be in any case molested or prejudiced, in his or their person or estate, because of his or their conscien-tious persuasion or practice. Ł . . And that all persons who also profess to believe in Jesus Christ, the Saviour of the world, shall be capable (notwith-standing their other pasuasions and practices in point of conscience and religion) to serve this Gov-ernment in any capacity, both legislatively and executively, etc. Up to, this point the quotations made are open and consistent expressions of the union of Church and State. The Justice then turns to the Constitutions of the United States and of different States, and quoting the references made in them to the Divinity or to moral duty,Šwhether they are recognitions of the truth that that which is God's must be rendered unto God, or whether they are the survival of Church and State doctrine, and demand that the things which are God's should be rendered unto the Government,Š indis-criminately uses them all to show the continuance, without break, of the union of religion and the State. To him the expressions in the Declaration of Inde-pendence that all men " are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," "appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our in-tentions," and "with a firm reliance on the protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other," etc., --these impersonal words and the assurance in the First Amendment to the Constitution that Congress may not establish any reli-gion, and similar expressions in State Constitutions are classed in the same cate-gory with such utterances as these from the Constitution of Maryland " It is the duty of every man to worship God, . . . nor shall any person, otherwise competent, be deemed incompetent as a witness or juror, . . . Provided he believes in the existence of a God," etc. " That no religious test ought ever to be required . . . other than a declaration of belief in the existence of God;" or the provision in the Constitution of Massachusetts, 1780, in which it is declared that the Legisla-ture has a right to require the institution of the public worship of God and the sup-port of public Protestant teachers of piety, religion, and morality, in cases where this is not done voluntarily ; or the Constitu-tion of Delaware, 1776, by which all pub-lic officers were required to subscribe to this declaration: "I., A. B., do profess faith in God the Father, and in Jesus Christ his only Son, and in the Holy Ghost, one God blessed forevermore, and I do acknowledge the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be given by divine inspiration." In these conflicting provisions of reli-gious liberty and of religious bondage Justice Brewer sees no dissonance. He says:Š Even the Constitution of the United States, which 