506 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 'from the windows. Regard well the closeness of these crowded rooms and the noisome exhalations that rise -from the drains and kennels; and then laud the triumph of religion and morality, which condemns people to drag their lives out in such stews as these, and makes it crim--inal for them to eat or drink in the fresh air or under the clear sky. Here and there, from some half-opened win-dow, the loud shout of drunken revelry strikes upon the ear, and the noise of oaths and quarrelingŠthe effect of the close and heated atmosphereŠis heard on all sides. See how the men all rush to join the crowd that are mak-ing their way down the street, and how loud the execra-tions of the mob become as they draw nearer. They have assembled round a little knot of constables, who have seized the stock-in-trade, heinously exposed on Sunday, of some miserable walking stick seller, who fol-lows, clamoring for his property. The dispute grows warmer and fiercer, until at last some of the more furi-ous among the crowd, rush forward to restore the goods to their owner. A general conflict takes place; the sticks .of the constables are exercised in all directions; fresh as-sistance is procured; and half a dozen of the assailants are conveyed to the station-house, struggling, bleeding, and cursing. The case is taken to the police office on the following morning; and, after a frightful amount of perjury on both sides, the men are sent to prison for re-' -sisting the officers, their families to the workhouse to keep them from starving: and there they both remain for a month afterwards, glorious trophies of the sancti-fied enforcement of the Christian Sabbath. Add to such scenes as these, the profligacy, idleness, drunkenness, and vice, that will be committed to an extent which no man can foresee, on Monday, as an atonement for the restraint of the preceding day, and you have a very faint and imperfect picture of the religious effects of this Sunday legislation, supposing it could ever be forced upon the people. But let those who advocate the cause of fanaticism, reflect well upon the probable issue of their endeavors. They may, by perseverance, succeed with Parliament. Let them ponder on the probability of succeeding with the people. You may deny the concession of a political question for a time, and a nation will bear it patiently. Strike home to the comforts of every man's firesideŠtamper with every man's freedom and libertyŠand one month, one week, may rouse a feeling abroad which a king would gladly yield his crown to quell, and a peer would resign his coronet to allay. It is the custom to affect a deference for the motives of those who advocate these measures, and a respect for the feelings by which they are actuated. They do not deserve it. If they legislate in ignorance, they are crim-inal and dishonest; if- they do so with their eyes open, they commit wilful injustice; in either case, they bring religion into contempt. But they do not legislate in ig-norance. Public prints, and public men, have pointed 'out to them again and again the consequences of their proceedings. If they persist in thrusting themselves  forward, let those consequences rest upon their own heads, and let them be content to stand upon their own merits. It may be asked, what motives can actuate a man who has so little regard for the comfort of his fellow-beings, so little respect for their wants and necessities, and so distorted a notion of the beneficence of his Cre-ator. I reply, an envious, heartless, ill-conditioned dislike, to seeing those whom fortune has placed below him, cheerful and happyŠan intolerant confidence in his own high worthiness before God, and a lofty impression of the demerits of othersŠpride, selfish pride, as inconsistent with the spirit of Christianity itself, as it is opposed to the example of its Founder upon earth. To these may be added another class of menŠthe stern and gloomy enthusiasts, who would make earth a hell, and religion a torment: men who, having wasted the earlier part of their lives in dissipation and deprav-ity, find themselves, when scarcely past its meridian, steeped to the neck in vice, and shunned like a loathsome disease. Abandoned by the world, having nothing to fall back upon, nothing to remember but time misspent, and energies misdirected, they turn their eyes and not their thoughts to Heaven, and delude themselves into the impious belief, that in denouncing the lightness of heart of which they cannot partake, and the rational pleasures from which they never derived enjoyment, they are more than remedying the sins of their old career, andŠlike the founders of monasteries and builders of churches, in rudeiŁ daysŠestablishing a good set claim upon their Maker. LOVE is never awakened by the lash. I, Ł Some Fruits of Papal Arbitration. New York "Christian Advocate." THE American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions comes forward to say that it does not meddle in public matters, and that at the present time it takes no part in discussions relating to territorial acquisitions by the United States in any part of the world. It pro-ceeds, however, to state that for thirty-five years it pros-ecuted mission work in the Caroline Islands without the missionaries' seeing the slightest sign of anygovernment except that of native chieftains. They were doing well, when in 1887 the Spaniards sent an armed force to Ponape, from Manila, with a governor to claim sover-eignty, under the decision of the pope, as arbitrator, which confirmed Spain's claim to the Carolines. The Spanish governor brought fifty soldiers, twenty-five convicts, and six Roman Catholic priests. The board says that its missionaries were driven off, and the churches of the natives in most instances demolishcd; that the Bible had not been permitted to be landed, nor 