236 A. IVIDMIEta CAW VoL. 11, No. 30. men cannot comprehend. The comparative powerlessness of man's word has given rise to the familiar saying that "talk is cheap stuff." Not so of the word of the Lord. And there would be much less need of reform to-day if the distinction had been preserved in the pub-lic mind between that word and the " cheap stuff " put forth from the pulpit by those standing in the position of God's spokesmen. Consider the great reform accomplished in the time of John the Baptist. John was sim-ply a preacher in the wilderness. Ile himself denied that he was the Messiah, or that he was Elias, or a prophet risen from the dead. There was nothing wonderful about his ap-pearance. He had no circus to exhibit before the people. He performed no miracle. And yet we read that there " went out to him Jerusalem, and all Judea, and all the region round about Jordan, and were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins." Matt. 3: 5, 6. If there could be such a reformation as this at the present day, it would surpass all the hopes of those now preaching reform to the unheeding, world-loving masses. What then is the trouble to-day? Has the word of God lost its power? That cannot be, unless God has lost his power. Does not the trouble lie in the fact that the word of God is not studied to-day, not believed, not preached? Does not imagination, or dogma, or politics, or city government, furnish the theme of discourse in the vast majority of in-stances, instead of revelation? And in how many instances does a text of Scripture, when used, furnish more than a foundation from which the speaker can take a rhetorical flight into the realms of fancy? Martin Luther and his associates presented the simple word of God to the people of their time, and the Reformation of the 16th century was the result. The people found in the word as it was presented to them, that which satisfied the longing of their souls Ł they found the bread and water of life. Will it not be found the same to-day? And will it not be welcomed as of old? Yes; it is as true to-day as it ever was that the mysterious longing of the soul for the happiness and peace which it vainly seeks from the resources of earth, must be satisfied, if at all, by that which is "spirit and life" indeed; and that is the word of God. John 6: 63. God is in his word; and this is the secret of the infinite difference between his word and man's word. This is why his word will come to the heart with a power which man's word knows nothing of. The power of God's word is shown in creation. "By the word of the Lord were the heavens made, and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." Ps. 33: 6. No greater work was ever done than that of creation. No greater power than that which produced creation could possibly be needed for any work at the present time. GodŠthe OmnipotentŠis in his simple word; but not in the great shows and demon-strations which are considered so necessary in religious work at this day. When Elijah the prophet stood on Mount Horeb, after he had fled from the wrath of Jezebel, he was a wit-ness to some very impressive demonstrations. First, we read, "a great and strong wind rent the mountains, and brake in pieces the rocks before the Lord; but the Lord was not in the wind." Next there was an earthquake; "but the Lord was not in the earthquake." Then came a fire; "but the Lord was not in the - fire. And after the fire, a still small voice;" and that voice revealed the presence of the infinite One. It is so to-day; God is yet in the "still small voice," and any work of re-form which does not have that voice in it,  whatever else it may have, is disconnected from God. We point to the divine word as the one es-sential and all-powerful means of moral reform to-day. Of course, if the reform sought is not sanctioned by the word of GodŠas, for example, the reform to promote Sunday ob-servanceŠthere is no divine power in it and never can be. There is absolutely no hope for "reform " work of this kind. But there is a Sabbath-reform work going on in our land and in all lands, which is based directly on God's word, proclaiming to the people " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God;" and such is the power that is in it that multitudes of every race and class are re-forming in Sabbath observance and keeping the seventh day, in the face of popular scorn, popUlar custom, financial loss, and legal pains and penalties. Let every honest-hearted reform worker as-certain if his work has the sanction of the word of God ; and if so, promulgate it by that word. If it has not, it is worse than useless to resort to another means for its propaga- tion. s. WHY ADVENTISTS WORK ON SUNDAY. THE present Sunday cases in Lake County, Tenn., have again revived the question of how Adventists regard the fourth commandment of the Decalogue; not that it is a proper legal question, for it is not, but because in some other States as well as in Tennessee, courts of justice have so far forgotten their proper functions as to assume to declare that freedom of religious faith is not involved in the Sun-day work of the Adventists. It is assumed, as expressed by Judge Ham-mond, in the King case in 1891, that the Sunday labor of the Adventist is " discon-nected with his religion just as much as other people's labor is disconnected with their re-ligion, labor not being an acknowledged prin-ciple or tenet of religion by him, nor gener-ally or anywhere." The fact is, however, that the Adventists do regard it as a sacred duty to habitually de-vote Sunday to secular purposes; perhaps not necessarily to work every Sunday so that under no circumstances could they rest upon that day, but in the sense that they must treat it as a secular day. And this because they understand that the fourth commandment establishes a difference between the Sabbath and the six other days of the week, and re-quires men to respect that difference. To ignore this distinction between the Sabbath and the other days of the week, is simply to defeat the object of the divine law, and to set up a counterfeit of the memorial which God has ordained to keep in remembrance the fact that he is the Creator of the heavens and the earth, and the sanctifier of his people. The view of the Adventists is that physical rest for man is not the primary object of the Sabbath; fOr it "was made for man" before the -fall, as our Lord himself declares, and consequently before man stood in need of rest from wearing toil. Clearly its object was to keep in lively exercise man's loyalty to God as the Creator, just as our peculiarly national holidaysŠthe Fourth of July, Washington's Birthday, Decoration Day, etc.,Šare designed to fan the flame of patriotism in the Ameri-can breast. Viewed from this standpoint, it is plain that the fourth commandment not only enjoins the keeping of the true Sab-bath, but it likewise forbids rivals and coun-terfeits. Just as the stamp of the government upon  a piece of metal or paper separates it from all other metal and paper not thus stamped, and gives it a peculiar character not belonging to other pieces of metal or paper, so the Lord's stamp, placed upon the seventh day, separates it from all other days and gives it a character peculiar to itself. And just as it is a crime under the laws of men to either make or use imitations of metal or paper bearing the gov-ernment stamp, so is it a sin under the law of God either to make or to use an imitation of the Lord's Sabbath. The Sabbath the Badge of God's Author- ity. Every law must show in some way the au-thority by which it was enacted, and this the Decalogue does only in the fourth command- ment. In that precept it is declared that the Giver of the law is he who created the heavens and the earth in six days and rested on the seventh. It is this .fact that gives the Sab-bath its memorial character. The Sabbath commandment is in fact the seal of the divine law, because it is the precept that designates the Giver of the law, and states the ground of his authority to require obedi-ence. In like manner the Sunday institution is the seal or mark of rival power. It is set forth by the Papacy, the " man of sin " of 2 Thess. 2: 3Šas the badge of his authority to command men under sin. In a Catholic catechism, called the " Abridgment of Chris-tian Doctrine," the Catholic Church asserts its power to change the divine law, in the fol-lowing manner :Š Que.% How prove you that the church hath power to command feasts and holy days? Ans. By the very act of changing the Sabbath into Sunday, which Protestants allow of; and therefore they fondly contradict themselves by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church. Q. How prove you that? A. Because by keeping Sunday they acknowledge the church's power to ordain feasts, and to com-mand them under sin; and by not keeping the rest by her commanded, they again deny, in fact, the same power. Another Catholic work, called " Doctrinal Catechism," offers the following as proof that Protestants are not guided by the Script- UreS:Š Ques. Have you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of pre-cept ? Ans. Had she not such power, she could not have done that in which all modern religionists agree with her ;Šshe could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for the observ-ance of Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no scriptural authority. Q. When Protestants do profane work upon Sat-urday, or the seventh day of the week, do they fol-low the Scripture as their only rule of faithŠdo they find this permissidn clearly laid down in the sacred volume? A. On the contrary, they have only the authority of tradition for this practice. In profaning Saturday, they violate one of God's commandments, which he has never clearly abrogatedŠ" Remember that thou keep holy the Sabbath day." Believing the Papacy to be antichrist, and holding the Sunday-sabbath to be the badge of its power, it is evident that with Advent-ists the observance of Sunday would be equiv-alent to rendering homage to antichrist; hence their steady refusal to obey Sunday laws, and their willingness to suffer imprisonment, the chain-gang, or even death itself rather than to do so much as appear to regard Sunday as other than a common working day. It is not as many seem to regard it, simply a matter of choice of the days, but is with the Advent-ists a vital question directly affecting their salvation. About four years ago the Advent Review 