202 AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN exchange in this city prints the following in its issue of March 25:Š "The injusticeinseparable from an alliance of church and state received a fresh illustration from an occur-rence at the Essex Market, New York, police court, a few days ago. About twenty-five Hebrew boys, arrested for some such mischief as throwing stones or playing craps, were arraigned before the magistrate and fined. Their parents, who were in court, were in most cases too poor to pay, and the boys were committed to the Roman Catholic Protectory to serve a day for each dollar of their fines. It was in vain that the parents protested against having their children sent to an institution where an-other religion than that in which they were reared would be forced upon them. The objections were answered by the clubs of the court squad of policemen; the agent of the Catholic Pr'tectory took charge of the boys, and in due time the city will get -a bill for their maintenance. There is no excuse for such things occurring in a free country, and little reason for calling a country free where such things occur." A "Serious Problem" in Cuba. FROM the news received from Cuba, it appears that there is a difficulty about letting go of the island which may naturally suggest the idea of its permanent reten-tion by the American Government as the easiest way of settling the Cuban question. The American Govern-ment, it seems, must now force the Cuban insurgents to disband, and then further force them to resume the busi-ness of agriculture, in order to save the accustomed revenues of the island. Of this the Chicago Times-Herald of March 11 says:Š "Having forced Spain to withdraw her troops from Cuba, the great problem that now confronts the Gov-ernment is what disposition to make of the armed in-surgents that are encamped all over the island. That this problem is a serious one and must be settled very soon, regardless of any resolutions of Congress touching our future intentions in the island, is plainly indicated by recent statements of General Ludlow. "The question that presents itself to the Govern-ment at Washington is, Shall we continue to feed the bands of armed insurgents and thereby encourage brig-andage and militarism, or shall we force the Cuban army to disband and return to the cultivation of the deserted sugar plantations? The army that could not be found when the American forces invaded Cuba and needed its assistance, has finally resolved itself into an imposing force, half of whom are officers, all anxious to subsist upon the bounty of the United States. "Those who were afraid to take up arms while the Spanish army remained in Cuba, have flocked to the camps of the insurgents and enrolled as soldiers, in order to get a portion of the money voted to the Cuban sold_ iers by Congress. "In the opinion of General Ludlow, the Cuban army must be disbanded at once and the men compelled to go home and put in the crops. Unless the sugar cane, which is the great crop of the island, is planted within the next  thirty days, there will be no crop for two years, and the revenues of the island will be cut off. This will seriously embarrass the Government in its plans for the develop. ment of the industrial interests of the country. The men who should be planting the crops are still insurgent soldiers, sitting in armed camps, drawing rations from. the United States commissariat. They are complacently remaining under arms in spite of the fact that the war is over and in spite of the fact that for the first time in several generations they are guaranteed absolute secu-rity in the pursuit of agriculture. "It is very evident that a crisis is near at hand. The United States cannot feed the armed insurgents and allow the island to become barren of all resources. We are not in Cuba fQr the purpose of maintaining in idle-ness an army of 48,000 insurgent soldiers in time of peace. The island is now in need of farmers, not soldiers. The United States should take their guns and munitions and give them cultivators, plows, and other farming implements and compel them by force if necessary, as the Dutch compelled the natives of Java,to till the soil." If the Government is compelled to resort to such action, it will greatly strengthen the sentiment which calls for Cuban annexation, as the only basis upon which good government in Cuba can be secured. People who must be forced to quit a life of idleness and engage in nec-essary industry, do not give a favorable impression of their qualifications for assuming the responsibilities of self-government. It is because there is American government in Cuba, however, that the Cuban troops are still "sitting in armed camps, drawing rations from the United States commissariat." If the American Government were not there, there would be no commissariat to draw from, and no share to be sought in a fund of $3,000,000 of gold. The Cubans would be forced to depend on them-selves; and all experience shows that a people can be truly helped only by being put in a position to help themselves. The deeper the American Government gets into the affairs of Cuba, the more will Cubans depend upon that Government, and the more difficult will it be for that Government to withdraw to the satisfaction of both the Cubans and itself. THERE is a Sunday-closing crusade in the well known Eurpean city of Frankfort-on-the-Main. A "special cable" to the Chicago Record, says:Š "The Sunday-closing crusade in Frankfort has be-come a political issue, and it is announced to-day that the Democrats will support the evangelical societies of the city in their agitation. The crusade naturally meets with much opposition, for, as a general thing, the opera houses, theaters, circuses and concert halls have their principal entertainment on Sunday, and the shops have the option of keeping open between the hours of 11 a. m. and 1 p. m. The advocates of a more rigid observance of the day have begun with an appeal to the shopkeepers to devote the whole of Sunday to rest for themselves and their employes. 