THE AIVIE,RICA_N SENTINEL. 315 ions belief contemplated and guaranteed by that Constitution is the freedom of the individual, and not in any sense such as Judge Hammond contemplates, and calls "sectarian freedom of religious belief." And from this, it further follows that when the Constitution of Tennessee, fol- lowing, as Judge Hammond himself says, the example of the national Constitution, declares that " no human authority can in any case whatever control or interfere with the rights of conscience," it means the rights of the individual conscience, and in no sense refers to or contemplates any such thing as the rights of a " sectar-ian " conscience ; and that when that same Bill of Rights declares that no preference shall ever be given by law to any relig-ious establishment or mode of worship, it means precisely what it says. Therefore, nothing can be clearer than that when the Supreme Court of Tennes-see gives preference by " common law " to the Christian religion, and its modes of worship, it distinctly violates the Consti-tution of Tennessee, and invades the rights of the people of Tennessee, as by that Constitution declared. Likewise, nothing can be clearer than that Judge Hammond in setting forth and defining what he calls " sectarian freedom of re-ligious belief," as the meaning of either the United States Constitution or of the Constitution of Tennessee, misses in toto the American idea of freedom of religious belief. According to the proofs here given, it is evident that Mr. King occupied the American and constitutional position, and asserted and claimed only his consti-tutional right, when he presented the plea which Judge Hammond refused to en-tertain. And it is equally clear that Judge Hammond exceeded the jurisdic-tion of a Court of the United States, when he refused to entertain the plea, and de-manded that the prisoner should prove that the point pleaded was a part of some creed, and was religiously practiced by some sect. Further than this, and as a matter of literal fact, it is but proper and just to say that the sect to which Mr. King belongs not only has no creed, but utterly repudi-ates any claim of any right to have a creed. The sect to which Mr. King belongs occu-pies the Christian and constitutional ground, and holds the Christian and American idea, that it is every man's right to believe for himself alone, in the exercise of his own individual conscience as directed by the word of God; and to worship accordingly. Therefore, when the Court, either State or United States, demanded that Mr. King should prove that his plea was held as a part of the creed of his sect, it not only demanded what it was impossible for him to prove, but it demanded what he has the inalienable and constitutional right to refuse to prove. A. T. J. A Mathematical Problem. THE editor of the Chicago Tribune, in his issue of September 9, referring to the recent visit of Colonel Shepard and others to Chicago in the interest of closing the Columbian Exposition on Sunday, says:Š They claim that there are 50,000,000 people in this country opposed to Sunday opening, and that their petitions are signed by 500,000, which is only 1 per cent. of the whole number. Their argument would have more weight if their petitions were signed by more than 1 per cent. If they were signed, for instance, by half of 50,000,000 it would be unanswerable in a country where majorities rule. The vote of the women managers is suggestive. Fifty-six of them voted to close on the first day of the week, and thirty-six to open. When it is con-sidered that religious feeling is much stronger among women than men such a division as this does not indicate any unanimity of sentiment among the men in favor of Colonel Shepard's de-mand. It shows, on the other hand, that the number of those who because they do not want or care to go themselves on Sunday, would have others forced to stay away who do want to go, is much smaller than Colonel Shepard and Pro-fessor Patton imagine. If the Colonel's statement that " 50,000, - 000 people in this country are opposed to Sunday opening " be correct, it would hardly seem necessary to go all the way from New York to Chicago in order to look after closing the great Exposition on Sunday. If 50,000,000 oppose opening it on Sunday, they will, of course, stay away on that day. And if such a very large number stay away, even if they say nothing upon the subject, the small fraction that remains, provided they were all at the Fair at once on Sunday, would be so lonesome that they would never want to go "again. According to our best sources of information we have only about 65,000,000 of people. This number would include the last babe that was born when the count was made. Now the Colonel would not have us believe that babies not old enough to know that there is to be a World's Fair, or children too young to take any interest in such a question, are included in the list of 50,000,000 who op-pose opening. And if the children are counted out there will not be much above 50,000,000 left. Then in the place of say-ing that 50,000,000 are opposed to open-ing the Fair on Sunday, why not say that the whole adult population of the United States are opposed to it, unless it would be possible that some of the children should grow up enough to develop a little opposition between now and May 1, 1893, If it is possible for any danger to arise from this quarter, a department for mothers' meetings could be opened up in the American Sabbath Union and easily keep the refractory babies in their places. With such an array of figures, one would suppose that the American Sabbath Union, the Sabbath Observance Department of the Women's Christian Temperance Union, etc., would fold their arms with the air of one who had finished his work and quietly go to rest. But without any  disrespect for the Colonel, it is hard to forbear the reflection that his statistics, like what sometimes happens to railroad stock, have been " watered." A. 0. TAIT. A Change of Base. REV. DR. DE WITT (Episcopal) takes Dr. Lorimer (Baptist) of Tremont Temple, Boston, severely to task for his utterances on the subject of the sacredness of Sun-day, in his sermon preached in Chicago, September 7. Dr. Lorimer said in sub-stance that he believed with Martin Lu-ther that the first day of the week ought to be observed in commemoration of the resurrection of Christ as a day of rest and rejoicingŠa day of cessation from toil, but it ought not to be accounted sacred time. Men should do as they like on that day, but they should not forget its signifi-cance. Rev. De Witt, referring to it September 14 says :Š Of all the men from whom the friends of the Christian Sabbath have recently suffered, there is no more unfortunate instance than in the case of the eminent preacher from Boston who preached a remarkable sermon on the opening of the Fair. It is to be regretted. He was wrong, both in his-torical reference and scriptural exegesis. Referring to Dr. Lorimer's rest theory, he said :Š Rest was one of the last ends for which the Sun-day was instituted. From the earliest days of the Church, the leaders of Christianity have sought to impress their followers with the fact that Sunday is a day of general cessation of labor and for wor-ship. A B  great men who have taken their stand for Christianity, have insisted that first and fore-most, Sunday should be kept sacred. With reference to the history of Sun-day, Rev. De Witt said:Š The ancient pagans named the day Sunday in honor of their chief god, the sun, which was their highest deity, and our Lord honored the day by his own ascension from the grave. The advocates of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, have insisted that it is not the sacred Sabbath that they want observed in closing the Fair, but the " American civil Sabbath," the " humani-tarian Sabbath," and for the reason that the laboring man needs rest. But when Dr. Lorimer asserts his belief in that kind of a Sunday, and securing a cessation from labor, and securing freedom from Sunday slavery ; when he is content to let every man enjoy himself as he thinks best, how quickly these men fly to the other side of the question and take up the cudgel in defence of Sunday sacredness. It is all right to talk about the civil Amer-ican Sabbath when advocating the closing of the Fair on Sunday, but when any one rises to speak in favor of opening the Fair on that day, it will not answer to say that Sunday is civil and not sacred, therefore open the gates and let the people in as on other civil days, as the fourth of July, Christmas, and New Year's. The day suddenly becomes very sacred and 