AMERICAN SENTINEL. 9 WITH real Oriental simplicity, the Chinese minister at Washington, Wu Ting-Fang, in laying before the govern-ment a protest against the high-handed action of the "Christian" Powers of Europe, has inquired why these Powers do not partition Turkey, a country that is al-ways causing trouble, instead of turning their carving knives upon China, a country that has always lived peaceably with her neighbors and minded her own busi-ness. The Chinese minister, it would seem, has not been educated in Western ideas to the point of understanding the ethical principles of "Christian" diplomacy, as prac-ticed by the nations of "ChriStian" Europe. FROM the standpoint of one not trained in diplomatic distinctions of right and wrong, there is much force in Wu Ting-Fang's inquiry. He says he can see no justice in China's being carved up like a Christmas cake to be disposed of by the Powers. To see the justice of the pro-ceeding, as the Powers view it, it would be necessary to remind him that China has no army and navy capable of seriously resisting the carving process, whereas Turkey can put into the field nearly a million of well-armed men, whose fighting qualities all Europe understands and re-spects. It would be necessary to explain to him how very wrong it would be, from a diplomatic standpoint, to be= gin the work of partitioning Turkey under such circum-stances, however proper and laudable the proceeding might be in itself. IT is really a question for serious consideration in this country, how much deference is to be paid to the opinion of a human individual, when that individual stands in the position of a minister of the gospel. Vastly more depends upon the attitude of the people in this re-spect, as regards both their material and spiritual inter-ests, than many of them are aware. IT is an evident fact that there are some prominent clergymen in this country who want their opinions re-ceived by the people with a good deal of deference. Their prosperity in the sphere which they have marked out for themselves, depends upon it. Their goal is that of popu larity, rather than piety. Wishing their names to be kept prominently before the public, they put forth, at in-tervals, statements that will be regarded by the people as sensational. If nobody paid any particular attention  to their utterances, or held them as being worthy in themselves of more than a passing notice, they would of course not accomplish the object for which they are in-tended. It is mil. the deference which the people have been led to pay to them, as if they came from some super-mundane source, which makes them of practical effect. FOR example, we note that Dr. Lyman Abbott has again come before the public with some utterances on the mission of Christ to the world, which are treated by the New York dailies as sensational news. "I do not believe," he says. "that Christ came to afford men an escape from torment, or to get men into a place of bliss;" and also, "I do not see why an agnostic cannot enter the kingdom of heaven." Now, of course, Dr. Abbott has a perfect right to hold these opinions and state them to anybody he pleases; but why should they create a sensation merely because Dr. Abbott spoke them? Why should the utter-ances of any clergyman, merely as such, be regarded as in the nature of important or startling news? They are not important or startling if they are not true; and who knows that they are true? They did not come from any ultimate source of truth; and until the ultimate source of truth is examined, to see what is there said on the sub-ject, they are to be taken merely as the opinions of the one whd uttered them. There is no reason whatever why they should be taken more seriously. THE ultimate source of religious truth is the Word of God. The important question to consider is, then, not what some man has to say on the subject, but what God has said on the subject. What does the Bible say, for instance, concerning the mission of Christ to earth, and the things requisite to salvation? It is just as easy to know this as to know what Dr. Abbott or any other man says about it. Why, then, should not the people know what God has said concerning the matter, and when they know it, take his word as settling the matter fully for all time? To do anything less than this is to indicate a lack of faith in God. AND this is where the seriousness of the whole matter comes in. For it is a very serious matter not to have faith in God. It is a very serious matter to look no fur-ther than to the words of some man for our knowledge of spiritual truth. That is popery; and because the world was led to do that, the world went into the Dark Ages; the world suffered immeasurable loss in both its material and spiritual interests. And to do the same thing now means decay and death in both spiritual and temporal affairs, just as surely as it ever did in the past. Faith in the Word is the great quickener now as truly as it was in the era of the Reformation, or,at any other time. There is a broad meaning in the language of Christ re-corded in John 6:63, "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life." 