86 IELICA N VOL. 11, No. g6. seeking to overturn the institutions, not only of the Catholic Church, but also of the Span- ish Nation. And, the fact is, that, in time, this consumptive germ did not fail to cause great trouble and danger and alarm in Spain. Such a state of .things called for immediate action; but since there was no doubt but that very many of the Jews' were honest in their conversion, what to,  do was a very perplexing question. Hence arose a great difficultyŠa difficulty, which, 'as .,all will' agree, could be overcome only by an inquisition. To estab-lish an inquisition; Ferdinand asked the per-mission of the Pope, Sixtus I. That pontiff, however, was at first unwilling to grant Ferd-inand's request, but was so urged by the court of Spain, that he finally agreed, and in the year 1478 the Spanish Inquisition sprang into existence. But before the first trial was opened at Sa-ville in 1481, the pope.withdrew his sanction because he had not been consulted as to the plan which had been adopted. Nevertheless, pleadings on the one. hand, and anxiety for the Spanish nation on the other, again prevailed npon him to renew the permission, and from that time on there was a continual controversy between Spain and Rome. Often was the tribunal at variance with the popes, and most frequently were the victims condemned by the Inquisition par-doned on appealing to: the successor of Peter Šnay, more, so serious were the frictions be-tween them, that several times, the Holy See threatened the Spanish Inquisitors with ex-communication. But here I may be met with a very great objection : What need was there of the permis-sion of the popes ? If the Inquisition was purely secular, what had the Pope or the church to do with its actions ? Ali! there is just the point: The permission of Rome was necessary for many reasons, but chiefly for two: First, bOcause the Ł men who were ap-pointed as Inquisitors by the court of Spain were priests and prelates and theologians of the church, and were,.for that reason, under the jurisdiction of the popes; and secondly, and most especially, because the Inquisition was instituted to try people on matters of faith. Truly, indeed, did Ranke call it a royal tribunal furnished with ecclesiastical weapons. "In the first place," says that lib-eral-minded and authoritative Protestant his-torian (" History of. the Popes," Vol. I. p. 242, etc., in original German edition), " the Inquisitors were royal, officers; the king hav-ing the right to. appoint and dismiss them; the tribunals of the Inquisitors were subject to royal visitations " (which meant royal con-trol), " just as any other authority under the king." In the, second place, all the profits nd advantages resulting from confiscations ell to the king. " And in the third place, t was by means of this tribunal that the Span-. sh nation was completely a  rounded off and niched.. The king obtained a tribunal from hich neither: grandee nor archbishop could scape." Akthe, tribunal is fohnded upon the ing's power, so its exercise ,redounds to the ing's advantage. ft is one of the spoils of cclesiastical power which the Spanish nation natched to itself, and, by which it has become.  owerful. In its, meaning, object, and aim, it s, above all, a political institution. It is theŁ ope's interest to stand in its way, as often as e can, and as he does so; it is the Icing's in- , rest always to keep the way clear for it, and e does." So,lar says Ranke. Leo ("History f Łthe World," Vol. 2, p, 431, etc.), Gnizot.  Cour's D'Histoire Moderne") and Menzel ' History of Modern Germany," Vol. 4, p. 96). All Protestant writers declare the In-isition a State machine. So far we have said nothing of the Inquisi-tion against the Moors for the reason that the same causes and circumstances concomitant to the Inquisition against the Jews in 1481, gave rise to the Inquisition against the Moors in 1500. These Saracens had crossed over from Africa to Spain in great numbers, and had practically conquered the whole Penin- sula. They held sway in Spain for a long time, and were not completely driven back until the time of Ferdinand and Isabella. This may be called the reconquest of Spain by Spaniards; and nobly, and like true sons did those swarthy southerners rescue from bond-age and oppressionŠyes, from destruction, the land which had given them birth. To rid their country of the danger, they rose up in their might, and after a long struggle fi-nally succeeded in expelling the infidels. Some of the Moors, however, rather than go were baptized, and in this way the same troubles arose as with the Jews. And if the Inquisi-tion purged the Spanish nation of the plotting Jew in 1481, it proved no less a blessing against the revengeful Saracen in 1500. They were ousted, or imprisoned, or put to death, and Spain was proudly and gloriously out of the dangers which had threatened her with utter destruction. When we review these facts, and take into account the royal advant-ages and the ecclesiastical disapproval of the Spanish Inquisition, we, as Catholics, main-tain, and have for authority, the best and most upright and learned historians, Protes-tant as well as Catholic, among whom I enum-erate, in addition to those quoted above, Balmes, Hefele, De Noso Cortes, Demester and Reuben Parsons; that it grew out of pe-culiar circumstances; that it was introduced by the State, empowered, fostered, and cher-ished by the State; that its punishments were inflicted by the braceium saeculare; and that, consequently, no matter what outrages were committed by the Inquisition, they cannot be laid at the threshold of the Catholic Church. But the fact of the matter is there were no outrages committed by the Spanish Inquisi-tion, and let us here refute some of the charges brought forward against it. They say that the Dominican, Torquemada, the grand Inquisitor, slew 11,400 victims in his time of office, and that during his first year alone as Inquisitor, he put to death 2,000 heretics; and during the whole existence of the tribunal itself, in all 34,100 victims per-ished. These charges we flatly deny. They are taken from Llorente, a Spanish historian. Now, who was Llorente ? He was a renegade Catholic, an apostate priest, an ingrate, who, in order to satisfy his ambitions and glut his own desires, like some of the so-called ex-priests of our day, hesitated not to trample under foot the honor of his family, his coun-try and his church. The history of such a man is not to be credited with authority, even though we had no other reason for doubting his writings. But. he attempts to quote Ma-riana, and here, as the expression has it, we have him "on the hip." .Mariana says that during the whole Inquisi-tion about two thousand were killed. And as far as Torquemada is concerned, the most honest historians declare him to have been a pure, upright, Łjust, humane, uncorrupted and undaunted Inquisitor. The same Llorente tells us that on February 12, 1486, seven hun-dred and fifty victinfs were punished; but even granting these figures to be correctŠhe does not add that a single one of these victims were put to death. The same may be said of the charge that April 2, of the same year, added 900 more victims in Toledo. Not one was put to death. All that most of the con-demned had to do was to make the "auto- dafe." This word, so terrifying to bigots, is nothing more than the corruption of the Latin actus fidei, an act of faith. When, then, we say that those found guilty were compelled to make the "autodafe," we mean that those who had been publicly brought to trial and forthwith condemned and punished, were obliged to make some outward manifestation that they were really and truly members of the Church of Christ. In fact, the Inquisition was a very merciful tribunal, I repeat it, al- most a compassionate tribunal. Very few of those condemned were sentenced to death; and a man was only allowed to be racked once, which no one can deny was a most wonderful leniency in those times. Again they say that the Inquisition, during the time it existed, hung over Spain like a dark, heavy cloud, enslaving the spirit, rob-bing the poor country of the free manifesta-tion of all that is dear to natural life. The truth is that during the flourishing period of the Inquisition and shortly after, in the arts, the' sciences, in knowledge and grandeur, in empire and dominion, Spain was the envy of the civilized world. No nation was more en-lightened, more powerful, more extensive. In those days, her sceptre swayed princes and potentates, and the muses seem to have de-serted the rest of the earth, and nestled only on her soil. Under their enlightened guid-ance, the illustrious Lope de Vega, the writer, employed his talents to delight all Christen-dom with his beautiful works; and the re-nowned Cervantes, the father of novel writers, brought into the world his famous " Don Quixote." Up rose the great Himinez, the statesman and orator; and the heroic Colum-bus braved 'the unknown seas andŁ opened up to the unknoim world a new-found continent. In the midst of the Inquisition was born the conquerer Cortez, and the explorer De Soto. And scarcely had it ceased to exist when the church was enriched with Ignatius Loyola, Francis Borgia., Francis Xavier and the great St. Theresa, the greatest warriors for the faith which Spain has begotten. 0 Spain, beautiful, smiling Spain, loaded with calumny, held down beneath the scorn of thy sister nations, struggling and struggl-ing, yet in vain, to regain thy long-lost gran-deur; fair mother of saints, warriors, heroes, discoverers, explorers, land of chivalry and con-quest; who could but admire and extol thy greatness and fame ? It was such charges and slanders as these that forced the Count de Maistre to exclaim that " history for the past three hundred years has been a conspiracy against the truth." But truth crushed to earth will rise again, more beautiful from its long obscurity. And the atheist, the infidel, and the heretic, will have to own that Catholicity, after three hundred years of calumny and persecution is yet, as she always has been, as she ever will be, far from being injured, made more glorious and sublime in her struggle for truth and salvation. WALLA WALLA COLLEGE, COLLEGE PLACE, WASH. THE new college year begins September 16. A number of .important changes have been made in the courses of study which allows the faculty to give its entire strength to the developing of students for the work in' a shorter time than we have been prepared to do in the past with the old arrangement of courses. Any one desiring to become acquainted with our work may do so by applying to the president, E. A. Sutherland, for a calendar. " JESUS answered, My kingdom is not of this world." 