AMERICAN SENTINEL. 509 AT Tupperville, Ont., August 10, Mr. Y. Bell, an ob-server of the seventh-day Sabbath, will be tried in the civil court for having done work on Sunday. Another "Great Discovery." ANOTHER "great discovery" has been made by "pros-pectors" in search of Biblical support for Sunday observ-ance; and Mr. Gamble's great "find" of a perambulatory attachment to the ancient weekly Sabbath, must now sink into insignificance. For this new "great discovery" brings to light nothing less than a plain, unequivocal command, "On Sunday thou shalt rest." The discoverer is the. Ram's Horn, a Chicago journal which has made quite a reputation in the religious world. Contrary to Mr. Gamble's style, however, the Ram's Horn brings out its discovery in the form of mere casual men-tion, thus:"It is true that there is a more profound ob-jection [to the Sunday newspaper] in the fact that it is hostile to the law of God, which says, `On Sunday thou shalt rest.' " The exposure of such a "nugget" as thisŠworth mill-ions if it is only genuineŠought to create a great rush to this new Klondike of the Sunday supporters; onlyŠwhat must be very disappointingŠthe Ram's Horn omits to tell where it is located. When its latitude and longitude become known and when it is proved that this wonderful nugget is genuine gold, there will be the greatest excite-ment and joy in the Sunday camp that was ever known. But meanwhile it is all a question of only "when." Ł 0-4 A CONGRESS to consider the question of Sunday en-forcement was recently in session in Brussels, Belgium. It was decided that Sunday rest could be applied to nearly all the industries in the country, and a special effort will be made to secure a cessation of Sunday work by the the railways. Ł 11 0 Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work,.the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. '1,- 4- -4 To Our Friends. WE wish it were our privilege to look into the face and shake the hand of every member of the SENTINEL family, but this is impossible. We wish also that our circumstances were such that we could respond to every letter containing subscriptions under our special offer that have come to us during the past two weeks, but we cannot well do this either. However, we want you all to know that the SENTINEL gratefully appreciates the self-sacrificing efforts that are everywhere being put forth in its behalf. In hundreds of instances, we know that the letters of remittance have come to us watered with a tear and hallowed by a prayer, that the "silent messengers " will go forth to bless those who receive them. With such a spirit back of the message the SENTINEL bears, is it any wonder that the people are ready to respond, and send us such lists as we are daily receiving? Certainly not; for that is the chord, when touched, that moves the universe to action. 10- -4 "OuRs is a civil government, strictly and exclusively; its jurisdiction extends over only civil affairs. A Chris-tian government implies a State religion. Religious lib-erty does not mean liberty for the Christian religion alone."ŠRev. J. L. Wilkinson, Baptist. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to, the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeitie Press Publishkng Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. THE statement is made by Hon. Carroll D. Wright, the well-known statistician, that "every dollar received in revenue from the liquor traffic costs the Government of the United States twenty-one dollars."  Single Copy, Per Year, • - $1.00. Six months, - f " . Three " - ADDRESS, ArIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 