268 AMERICAN SENTINEL. them to work out their own salvation, as every nation on earth, from the beginning of time, has wrought out its own salvation. Let them work out their own salva-tion, as our own ancestors slowly and in long centuries wrought out theirs; as Germany, as Switzerland, as France, in briefer periods, wrought out theirs; as Mex-ico and the South American Republics have accom-plished theirs, all of them within a century, some of them within the life of a generation. To attempt to confer the gift of freedom from without, or to impose freedom from without on any people, is to disregard all the lessons of history. It is to attempt A gift of that which is not to be given By all the blended powers of earth and heaven. NinthŠI would strike out of your legislation the oath of allegiance to us and substitute an oath of allegiance to their own country. The New American Government. BY the action of Congress with reference to the island and people of Puerto Rico, a new kind of citizen-ship and of government under American authority have been created, the nature of which Is expressed in the provisions of the bill passed by Congress for the gov- ernment of the island, as follows:Š "The capital shall be at San Juan. Persons who were Spanish subjects on Apri111, 1899, and who have not elected to preserve their allegiance to Spain, are held to be citizens of Puerto. Rico, and entitled to the protection of the United States. The designation of the body politic is under the name The People of Puerto Rico. "The laws and ordinances of Puerto Rico now ip force shall continue in full force and effect, except as al-tered by this act, or by military orders, and which are not inconsistent with the laws of the 'United States. "The old law forbidding the marriage of priests and ministers is repealed. "The vessels of Puerto Rico are to, be nationalized and admitted to the benefits of the United States coast-ing laws. Quarantine stations are to be established. "Puerto Rico coins are Ito be retired, the peso being rated at sixty cents in the exchange. Three months after the act takes effect Puerto Rico coins are not to be legal tender. "Property usually under the control of the United States will so continue, and other properties acquired from Spain will be administered by the Puerto Rican government. "The governor is to be appointed by the President and hold his office fori four years, having the powers conferred on governors of Territories of the United States, but is to make his reports through the Secretary of State to the President. "An executive council appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate, consisting of a secretary, attorney-general, treasurer, auditor, commissioners of nterior and education, and five other persons, is to  hold office for four years. The council is the upper branch of the legislature, and five members of it-are-to be natives of Puerto Rico. The other branch shall be a house of-delegates, to consist of thirty-five members, elected biennially by the qualified electors. Puerto Rico is divided into seven districts, each with five dele-gates. "The qualifications for voters ape: at such elections all citizens of Puerto Rico shall be allowed to vote who have been bona fide residents for one year, and - who possess the other qualifications of voters under the laws and military orders' in force on March 1, 1900, subject to such modifications and additional qualifications and such regulations and restrictions as to registration as may be prescribed by the executive council. , "No person shall be eligible to membership in the house of delegates who is not twenty-five years of age and able to read and write either the Spanish or the English language, or who is not possessed in his own right of taxable property, real or personal, situated in Puerto Rico. "Provision is made for enacting legislation similar to that in Territories. The judicial poWer is vested in courts already established, the chief justice and associ-ate justices and marshals to be appointed by the Presi-dent; judges of the district courts and other officers by the governor of Puerto Rico. There is also to be a United States district court. "The salaries of all officers appointed by the Presi-dent are to be: governor, $8,000; secretary, attorney-general, auditor, commissioner of the interior—000 each; treasurer, $5,000; commissioner ofŁ  education,,  $3,000; chief justice of supreme court and United States district judge, $5,000 each; associate justices, $4,500' each; two marshals, $3,000 each; district attorney, $4,000. "No export duties are to be collected, but taxes and licenses may be levied. ' "On the regular election day in November, and every two years thereafter, Puerto Rico may choose a, commissioner to represent the,  island at Washington. His salary is to be $5,000. "A commission of three members, one a native or Puerto Rico, is to be named to revise and codify the laws of Puerto Rico. "The act for a, civil government is to go into effect on May 1, 1900." Lent. Prom the "Canadian Baptist." THIS word means Spring. It comes to us from an old Saxonlverb which means to lengthen; because in the Spring the days grow long. But the word has an ec-clesiastical meaning. It denotes that season of forty days preceding and lading up to Easter, during which people are supposed to fast, in imitation of our Lord's fasting in the wilderness before his temptation. The observance of Lent began early in the develop-ment of the system known as Roman Catholicism. The date of its institution' is doubtful; but directions con-cerning its observance were issued by the Pope in 