AIVIERICA_M\T SENTINEL, 589 0 my soul, andlorget not all his benefits: who forgiveth all thine iniquities, who healeth all thy diseases." Don't forget, when you recover from any illness, that it is a benefit of God, and that he is entitled to the praise. Now WHAT right have these people who repudiate all treatment of disease as being contrary to the faithŠwhat right have any people, to prescribe to the Lord in what way he shall work to restore an individual to health? What right have they to say that he shall not work through the operation of "natural laws"? Cer-tainly, to presume to dictate to God in anything is the very height of impropriety. The aim of prayer, for the recovery of the sick as for any other thing, should be the glory of God. But he himself must be the judge as to what manifestation will best glorify his name. * * AND since God is the healer of all disease, since God is in the recovery from sickness in an ordinary case as well as in the most extraordinaryŠfor with God no such distinction existsŠwhy should not any person be per-fectly satisfied with it? When God is doing the work, working as he himself sees fit to work under the circum-stances of the case, what more can anyone possibly ask? FAITH, cure by prayer and the laying on of hands is Scriptural, certainly. Not a shadow of doubt would we try to cast upon that, nor in any way would we detract from its importance as a part of the gospel of God. We do not ask our "faith cure" friends to close their eyes to that truth, but only to open them wider and take in the truth that God is the one great and only healer of dis-ease, to whom all the credit is due in every case. We ask them not to refuse to recognize God in the operation of "natural" laws for the recovery of health. We ask them only to see God in every place where he is; for this is to the glory of God, and the great spiritual advantage of every believer. * THIS subject of faith cure is one that concerns not alone the individual; it touches the interests of society and the state. The state concerns itself, as it is bound to do, with the protection of the lives of its citizens. It views wilful neglect to save life as a crime akin to taking life. And in faith cure, as commonly practiced, the state sees that there is wilful neglect, so far as any treatment of disease is concerned. It cannot judge of the efficacy of prayer to save the sick, while at the same time it feels bound to protect the life of the individual. It therefore feels bound, in case of death or-the prospect of it, to hold those in charge of the stricken person responsible for the use of such remedies as have been found to be of value in combatting the disease. If all remedies are discarded and death ensues, it feels bound to regard the responsi- ble parties as criminals Of what, Providence may inter pose to do in any case it cannot know. It cannot in any case feel relieved of its own responsibility. * * To IGNORE the state's position in this matter is not an act calculated to be productive of any good.. We think, on the contrary, it is calculated to do harm to the very cause it is meant to serve. Incidents are continu-ally occurring which illustrate this point. Some one sent us recently a copy of a "faith cure" journal, the Gospel Trumpet, pubished in Michigan, which mentioned the case of a woman in Marion, Ind., who was treated by "faith cure" for a disease attending child birth; stating that "three of the saints" were, after the woman's death, "unjustly cast into prison." Cases of this kind are not calculated to impress people with the idea that faith cure rests upon a divine foundation. The impression given is rather the opposite. The death of the young girl in the Long Island village, in the case we have mentioned, doubtless did much to give faith cure a backset in that vicinity. This was an injury to the truth; for faith cure is a doctrine of Scripture, and a truth which is designed to glorify God. But like other Scriptural truths, it has in the practice of some become perverted. GOD'S power is seen and known where man's power fails. Often at such times God manifests his power for the comfort of believers and the instruction of others. Recovery from some slight illness, or even in many cases from serious illness, does not testify to the world of the great Physician; for though accompanied with the of-fering of prayer, and professedly in answer to it, the world would say, 0, that is a common thing; people don't always die when they are sick, even when they have no physician. But where human power is of no avail, the testimony to the power of God in the recovery is clear even to the world. If human power had done what it could to save life in the cases we have men-tioned, the state could have found no fault, and no one would have been prejudiced against the truth.. Many cases might be mentioned where the great Physician has given the healing touch to the victim of disease under such circumstances, by which He has proclaimed His name and His power among the people, by a testimony which none could gainsay. * * * ALL healing of disease is divine healing; it is the work of God. Faith recognizes it as such. God alone knows in what way to work in each case for the advancement of his truth. Civil government is instituted to preserve rights, "among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." It cannot be a judge of any religious ques-tion. It cannot lay aside its responsibility; it cannot, in the name of Christianity, be asked to do so. And to ig-nore the state in the pursuit of its appointed work is not in the interests of the true faith. 