AMERICAN SENTINEL,. 667 by retaining the Sunday, while acknowledging that it existed solely on the authority of the Catholic Church, it follows to an absolute certainty that this question of Sunday must again come up and be the test as between the Catholic principle of tradition and the Protestant principle of the Bible only. The time must eventually come when Protestantism, to be consistent with itself, must utterly repudiate Sunday as the Sabbath of the Lord. And finally, as the work of Protestantism, or, which is the same thing, the Reformation, expressed in the principle that the Bible only is the standard of faith and morals, was emphatically the work of the Holy Spirit; and as the Protestant principle was stultified by the retention of Sunday, which has no scriptural support, the logic of the whole thingŠthe sum of the whole mat-terŠis, that with the revival of the Sunday issue, Chris-tians and everybody else will be brought to choose be-tween the Holy Spirit and the Sunday. One or the other must be repudiated. Which shall it be? Rome Showing Her Intolerance. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. Two months ago we made our way up to the north-ern part of the province of Santa Fe, denominated "Chaco Santafecino," to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ in the Spanish language. We delayed sometime in Colonia Ocampo making an effort to spread the glo-rious news of Jesus' soon coming. The Lord blessed our weak effort and a small company of sixteen or seventeen determined to follow the truth as it is in Jesus. Of this number, ten were Roman Catholics. The news spread like wildfire throughout the whole district, and the people were warned not to come to our meetings, nor even to receive me into their houses. Then began a persecution against the brethren recently con-verted, but God strengthened them by his grace, and they were able to stand firm in the truth, while the tur-bulence raged about, and were more than conquerors through Him who hath loved theni. From there we decided to go further north to Las Locas and San Antonio. We immediately began meet-ings in a house exactly half way between the two vil-lages, and night after night we had the meeting-room filled with hungry souls, who sought to obtain the bread of life to satisfy their hunger. Soon the power of God was seen to work upon the hearts of the people as we revealed the falsity of human tradition, and of the necessity to build upon something more substantial than the words of weaklings like our-selves. As a consequence, the priest became enraged and went personally from house to house, warning the people against us. In the houses of some he found Bibles and books which had been sold by our colporters upon pre-vious occasions; he immediately gathered together a that he could find, and then burnt the same; telling the people that he would rather see them reading the most indecent books, than reading the "poisonous books" called the Bible, etc.; since such books would eventually lead the possessors of the same to eternal perdition. Some, however, had the courage of their convictions and refused to deliver up their Bibles, one man telling the priest that his eyes were opened by the reading of the Word of God to behold the errors of Rome, for which reason he prized it as his life. Several began to fully follow the Lord, and keep his commandments, among them one young man, the son of an Austrian Roman Catholic. The father is the right-hand man-of the priest, and consequently when he ascer-tained that his son had united with the Sabbath-keepers, his rage knew no bounds, and acting upon the counsel of the priest, he expelled his son from his house, threaten-ing to kill him should he ever return to his home without having abandoned his "heresy," and at the same time telling him that henceforth he was disowned and disin-herited. However, the young man loved God's truth more than earth's treasures, and to-day is rejoicing in the knowledge of the gospel. The priest is now doing his utmost to incite the pop-ulation to expel me from the place, and threatenings, etc., are brought to bear against me, to intimidate me, and prevent my preaching the gospel. To one Italian family he said he deplored the lack of fidelity of the mem-bers of the mother church, comparing them with the Catholics of the Dark Ages, who would not have counte-nanced for a single moment the propagation of such her-esies as we are disseminating in his district; and con-cluded by urging them to a fulfillment of their obliga-tion, to eradicate all teachings such as are contrary to the dogmas of Rome. However, this persecution, instead of doing our work harm, has had a most blessed effect, since it has caused a complete division between the people; and our brethren are now well known as Sabbath-keepers, and although despised are preaching by their lives the importance of a practical Christianity for the human race. One brother has already offered us a piece of land 100 yards by 100 as a site upon which to build a church in the future upon the principal street of the village. Let us not be deceived by the false clamorings o some people to-day who say that Rome is more liberal now than before. Such assertions have no foundation; for where the Catholic Church obtains the least power, there we behold what she would do if she only could. The coercive spirit is just as much alive to-day in the Catholic Church as ever; but it is restrained only in such places where she has not the power to accomplish her iniquitous designs. May the Lord strengthen us by his grace, so that we may stand firm in the coming hour of tribulation, pre-ferring death or suffering to the acceptation of man-made doctrines. Argentine Republic. 