566 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Those who founded this nation came here to secure "a new order of things." The old order was a union of Church and State, which brought about the persecution from which they fled. Still they persecuted one another, and that spirit lingered until "the times of '76." Then the laws of this Republic were based upon principles which would, if faithfully followed, have made further persecution impossible. Prior to this the Baptists and the Quakers experienced the evil results of the unholy al-liance of the religious with the civil power. Then how can you believe that the union of Church and State has been a great blessing to Great Britain? Mr. B.ŠWhat is good in one country may not be good in another. The same principle holds good in regard to eating and drinking. What agrees with one may not agree with another at all. We are commanded to obey the powers that be. Mr. A.ŠBut the powers that be differ greatly in their requirements, and the laws of a country are continually changing. Therefore the logic of your argument leads you to the position that whatever is, is right. But you will not be ready to admit this. The Saviour made this point clear when he said, "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." There are certain duties that we owe to God alone. These are moral or religious duties. The duties we owe the civil government are purely civil. The moral law is the sum of all morality, and God alone can enforce it, for it takes cognizance of the thoughts and in-te,,nts of the heart. The Inquisition was the logical result of man taking the place of God. Mr. B.ŠAre we not told to submit to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake? Mr. A.ŠYes. But a little further on in the same chap-ter we read, "For this is thankworthy, if a man for 'conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully." And you will see that we could not endure anything wrongfully for conscience' sake if we submitted to every ordinance that man might consider it his duty to enforce. The experience of those who had Daniel put into the lions' den, and of those who caused the three faithful Hebrews to be cast into the heated furnace, ought to teach us the folly of trying to regulate religion by State law. More-over, the angel that liberated the imprisoned disciples commanded them to go and do the very thing which the civil authorities had forbidden. To preach Christ a king was contrary to all Roman law, yet when they were again arrested Peter said, "We ought to obey God rather than men." New Orleans, La. The True Recognition of God. "Southern Sentinel," Melbourne, Aus. GOD is worthy of the grateful recognition of every in-telligence in the universe. We believe, too, that there are proper lines on which we should seek to express and se- cure such recognition. But we do not believe that the formal recognition of God in civil and political compacts is the proper means for the expression of such recogni-tion. That is not the kind of recognition God asks. It is not the kind that will honor him. Nor is it the kind that will benefit the nation. The recognition that God asks of men is personal faith in Him and obedience to His just requirements. To recognize God truly means to recognize the sacred rights He has conferred upon men. The only true gov-ernmental recognition of God that can be made is for the government to recognize the teachings of Christ regard-ing the total separation of Church and State, and to frame such laws as will safeguard the rights and liberties of all its citizens. Church and State in Australia. THE CHURCH.  BESIEGING THE COLONIAL PARLIAMENTS. BY W. A. COLCORD. HAVING failed to secure from the Federal Convention the religious declaration in the Constitution which they desired, the leaders in this movement now purpose to ac-complish through the Colonial Parliaments what they failed to get in the convention. Says Professor Renton], of Melbourne:Š "Let the churches unite to see that this great blunder is not perpetuated. . . . Let them bombard Parlia-ment."ŠMelbourne Argus, May 7. From this it will be seen that this whole movement is a church affair, led on by certain church leaders. That the latter do not take their defeat in the convention with the best grace is evident from a further statement by the same gentleman:Š "The convention, by their refusal, have simply forced upon us, needlessly, the labor and expense of having this good thing effected through the respective colonial legis-latures."ŠMelbourne Age, April 26. But this being the only course left to secure what they demand, they purpose pursuing it. Their plan is to enter the arena of politics, turn the churches into politi-cal machines, and "bombard Parliament." That none may think we are overstating matters, we will give a few further proofs. At a meeting of the commission of the Presbyterian Assembly, of Victoria, held May 6, the "Public Questions Committee" submitted a report in which they say:Š "The committee ask the commission's special author-ity to use all efforts to secure concerted action on the part of the various churches in the respective colonies of Australia and Tasmania, so that the various Parlia-ments shall be effectively moved to decide in favor of an amendment in the preamble of the Constitution, giving effect to the people's wish that there should be recogni- 