AMERICAN SENTINEL. 533 were before the advent of Mohammedanism, and as some of them in obscure regions still are. In communication with the Kirghiz chief, he was addressed as Mohammedan by the Russian Minister. His tribe was supposed to be Islamic, and was officially described as such. After a time the St. Petersburg officials discovered that they had made a mistake. You might have made Christians of them, once you were about it,' exclaimed the head of the orthodox faith. They might. But there the Mo-hammedan designation was in the official records of the empire, and Mohammedans the Kirghiz had to be, willy nilly. "The spectacle presented by a Christian State per-suading a nation to embrace Islamism was curious. Of course there was no compulsion. The Kirghiz Khan, being a polite man, made no bother about the affair. He became a passable Mohammedan. And of course, his tribe followed his example. They are not very strict Mohammedans. Much of their old Shamanic faith still survives. "A still more curious example of chance in religious acceptance is that of Russia herself. When Vladimir sent envoys abroadŠto Byzantium, among other placesŠin search of a new religion for his subjects, he was induced to become a Christian because of the splendor and the riches of the Christian capital. God must have specially favored a State so opulent, he argued. So his heathen Muscovites were officially informed that Christians they must become. But there was another Mohammedanism which was then competing with Christianity. But ab-stention from strong drink was one of its commands. It is historically known that this was the Russian peas-ant's objection to embracing the prophet's faith, then triumphant in Central Asia and Asia Minor." " Civil Righteousness " and Religious Prejudice. THE Martinsburg, Pa., Weekly Herald, of August 12, makes this allusion to the recent arrest of W. H. Arm-strong, in that State, for "Sunday desecration":Š "The evil power of civil righteousness' and the reli-gious prejudice of a lot of good' church people is in sad evidence at Washington, Pa. Rev. W. H. Armstrong, a devout minister of the church of the Seventh-day Advent-ists, was last week fined and imprisoned in the Washing-ton county jail, for serving God according to the way he believes. His arrest was due to a number of `zealous' church people, who charged him with Sunday desecra-tion.' The first words of the justice of the peace before whom Rev. Armstrong was brought, were: There is a nest of Adventists in town that will have to be cleaned out.' Thus religious jealousy and prejudice was allowed to prejudge his case. Religious persecution and not the evidence, decided. "The same forces are organizing for an aggressive campaign against sabbatia desecration' as they term it, in Bedford County and similar persecutions are bound to follow. How rapidly the events are leading us up to a closer union of Church and State. Reader, if you are in favor of complete religious freedom, express your senti-ments without fear of preacher or people, and help stay the tide that is trying to sweep away our civil and reli-gious liberties." Crumbs. BY S. 0. JAMES. SATAN delights in oppression and succeeds in persuad-ing a certain class of minds that even in its worst forms it is only wholesome discipline and that they themselves are the divinely-appointed agents to administer it. IT is a good thing to seek for glory, honor and im-mortality with the hope that by patient continuance in well-doing we may have eternal life, but let those who are seeking to force measures which can be secured only by the spirit of meekness, gentleness and love beware lest their power be suddenly wrenched from them and their glory turned into shame. THE freedom with which some men attempt to lay down the rules of religion for others is not the freedom that comes from God. MEN take liberties that bind their own souls in the worst of bondage. HONEST men are sometimes misled with regard to methods. Peter used the sword for his Master's sake, but the Master's timely and mild rebuke, so useful to him in future life, seems of little worth to the hasty im-petuous throng who will have him to be king of this nation. No MAN can of himself free himself from the bondage of sin into which all have fallen, but when freed by the Great Emancipator, the Lord Jesus Christ, he immedi-ately partakes of his spirit and heartily desires that others may taste the sweet boon. It then becomes his business to learit what will enslave and what will tend to freedom. HAPPY is that soul who can see that it is not nec-essary to deprive any of one God-given right in order that others may be free or have a greater measure of freedom. A LARGE company of Christians are now praying for a Sunday law; in other words, they would have the great God so move upon the minds of a majority in this nation that a stringent law would forbid all labor upon a day which he has never in any sense made sacred,Šthus rob-bing that part of the people who keep the day he has blessed of one sixth of their time. By what mysterious principle in logic or precedent in the dealings of God with men do they expect an answer to their prayers? OH that men in their work of Christian endeavor would study more carefully and prayerfully the things that are characteristic of God, of his law, and of his peo-ple and work, as well as those peculiar to the enemy. Ł " THE carnal mind is enmity against God ; for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." Yet in the face of this plain Scripture declaration, men will pass laws to enforce the law of God. 