Equal and &xact, Justice to all Men, or Whatever b`tate or 'Persuasion, Feligious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, JUNE 16, 1892. NUMBER 24. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., Nnw YORK. Entered at, the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MCKEE. THE purpose of the action, in reference to Sunday closing at the World's, Fair, sprung upon the House of Representatives on May 25, is said by its supporters, to have been to try the temper of the House on this subject, preliminary to the contest over the appropriation of five millions and the Sunday closing proviso to be in-serted in it. -0- THE vote in the House of nearly four to one to close the Government exhibit on Sunday ought to satisfy the advocates of legal religion in politics of the complexion of the House on this question. Yet they are not satisfied. By this overweening zeal they may yet throw obstacles in their own pathway. The House has shown it-self ready to follow their lead, and even in some degree submit, without remon-strance, to their threats. The representa-tives have been numbered and their stand-ing and pedigree taken in reference to this subject. Arrangements have been made to put the political thumb screws upon them at home, and word has gone out that, whether they desire it or not, they are to be forced to go on record upon the matter in the House. This is to furnish data for the use of the political boycott which a paragraph in many of the memorials has held before congressmen as awaiting their opposition or their neutrality in the Sun-day closing of the World's Fair by act of Congress. Š0Š ALREADY the dignity of several senators has been ruffled by the open threat that their re-election would be conditioned on the attitude which they assumed as to the demand from the religious aristocracy  among their constituents. Every suc-ceeding step in the progress of the matter makes it more and more evident that this warning as to the future contents of the church ballot box was not intended as an idle threat. And certainly it would not do to underrate the efforts of these politi-cal religionists if they are able to multi-ply votes in the same ratio that they have been able to repeat petitions. And yet, the present Congress of the United States is by no means composed entirely of men who feel themselves compelled to truckle to the erroneous views and insolent de-mands of any man or class of men. On the contrary many of them are, as some have already expressed themselves, of such a stamp of mind and fibre of character as not to brook any semblance of being put upon compulsion in their public acts. It yet remains to be seen, when the crack of the religious party whip is heard, whether congressmen will come under the yoke at its behest like dumb, driven cattle, and at the call of their names obediently assent to the demands of their drivers. Š0Š THE evidence now in, even if there were no other proof, is sufficient to show, that, whatever value the party of religious leg-islation places upon the legislative expres-sion it had from the House of Representa-tives on May 25 and 26, if members are not lashed too bitterly, or bullied too,  prominently, they will, yet, during this session, record themselves as assuming to consecrate this, in consonance with Justice Brewer's decision, a Christian Nation, and declare, that as such it shall accept its national religion hereafter from the White House and the Capitol. But if, on the contrary, the boycott and bulldoze should react against itself, in this Congress, it would only be gathering strength for the next, in which the mem-bers could be brought more generally and more completely to their knees to pray to their spiritual advisers for their weekly bread with the full acceptance of the pro-viso that it can be buttered only on the Sunday side. THE arrogance of the party of religious politics does not fail of expression in any of its public utterances as to the manner in which the different propositions to guide and control the morals of the world, at the World's Fair, were treated by the members of the House of Representatives. They had previously taken the measure of the House, but the vote showed an un-accountable shrinkage. The roll had been called in the lobby, and more than one hundred members had answered in the affirmative. These, it seems, were ex-pected to vote " aye " upon any and all moral and religious questions, pertaining to the World's Fair, which might be sprung upon the House. When blushing Columbia should be brought before them,, with fingers over her eyes, and apron corner in her mouth, asking with self-conscious femininity that the Ameri-can standard of purity in art should be discovered by a congressional investiga-ting committee, and enforced in the art rooms of Chicago; and when the political prohibitionists should ask Congress to prohibit Colonel Shepard's guests at the World's Fair from drinking their cham-pagne, or their claret, outside of their twenty-five thousand dollar apartments; or when the Presbyterian and Methodist parsons appear with their revised census of Michigan and Ohio, in which the weird voices of so many millions who have no place or habitation, petition that Congress shall enforce for them a quiet Sunday for religious devotion at the World's Fair;Šif any one of these were broached, or any two, or all three of them combined in one amendment, it was evi-dently expected that the entire contingent, which it was supposed had been gathered, would vote as one man, no matter how absurd, or paternal, or papal, the legisla-tion might be that was asked. In this they attempted too much. They went outside of their commission A legal en-forcement by the central Government, of the outward semblance of virtue, or sobriety, is something they never will attain to; but the compulsory acknowl- 