306 A_IVE11-7,' ICC N IEN-r "NT   IHALA. VOL. 8, No. 39. ity. When such union comes in, Chris-tianity goes out. Christianity is the life of Jesus Christ reproduced in the human soul by the power of the Divine Spirit, and it is as impossible to unite it with civil government as to unite oil and water or to combine iron with the ether that fills all space. The things are totally.  unlike. The one is of the earth earthy, the other is spiritual, and is from heaven. The Lord himself plainly pointed out the line of demarkation between God and Caasar; and had that distinction been re-spected even by his professed followers, had the Church remained true to her Lord instead of committing adultery with the kings of the earth, the kingdoms of this world might ere this have become indeed, instead of in name only, " the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ." C. P. B. The American Protective Association. THE American Protective Association, some mention of which was made in these columns last week, is one of the forces which is making itself felt in this country. It is an anti-Roman Catholic secret so-ciety, which originated in Pennsylvania. It spread westward and in some of the western States it undertook to dictate in politics last year. It is now beginning its operations in New York. The first Buffalo council was organized last March, and now there are 836 members in a number of councils. Isaac Cluff, a Toronto Orangeman, was the organizer and he is still the leading figure in that city. Said he recently to a representative of the press:Š We are going to run this city just as the A. P. A. runs Kansas City, Detroit, Saginaw and other cit-ies of the West. We are saying nothing until we have 8,000 members. Then we will show our hands. Our membership here includes the most promi-nent men, lawyers, doctors, merchants and even ministers. We propose to fight the Papacy with ballots and if need be with bullets. Look at Buf-falo's public schools. Over 80 per cent. of the teachers are Roman Catholics. Inside of two years there will not be one Catholic teacher left. Almost every official and employe of the municipality and corporation of Detroit was a few years ago a Cath-olic; now there are only two left in the city's em-ploy. Look at the army of Roman Catholics about the Buffalo City Hall. Within two years every depart-ment down there will be Protestantized. In New York State there will be a great turn over, and we are getting ready to leave every Catholic at home. Look at our army and navy being run entirely by Catholics, for some day I suppose they hope to use it. We think we can Protestantize the army and navy but granted for argument's sake that Ca-tholicism retains its grip on these two important branches of the service, then we have plenty of men who can bear the musket. Speaking of this association, the New York World says :Š Its intention is to revive the old Know-Nothing agitation which led to so much bitterness and blood-shed during the fifties. Irish-Americans are the special objects of its hatred, but it proposes to dis-franchise all Roman Catholics, at least to the extent of preventing them from holding office. . . . Nothing could be more opposed to the spirit of the American democracy than the establishment of a State religion. It is the right of every man in this country to adhere to any religion he pleases as long as he does not make it a part of his religion to commit crime. Except for that single qualification religious liberty is absolute, and it is of the most vital importance that it should be maintained. No man must be kept out of office in the United States because he is a Roman Catholic, or a Pres-byterian, or a Methodist, or a heathen. As long as a man's religion does not interfere with the rights of the community, it is not the business of the com-munity and it must not be interfered with. The A. I'. A. is a conspiracy against the public welfare, and those who are pushing it are moved by the same spirit which caused the massacre of St. Bartholomew; which moved Calvin to burn Servetus ; which animated Claverhouse When he was riding down and butchering the Scotch Cov-enanters. This is the nineteenth century. The twentieth century is almost here. We will not go back to the Dark Ages. Religious liberty must and shall be maintained in America. The Mail and Express of September 23, also has something on this subject :Š The attorney-general of Kansas has rendered an opinion to the effect that the Secretary of State cannot issue a charter to the American Protective Association, because, as he says, it seeks to abridge the religious rights of some citizens. This associa- tion is an anti-Catholic organization of recent and sudden growth. It has become very strong in sev- eral States, notably Ohio, where it has obtained exclusive control of the government of Toledo, and has made advances in Columbus and Cleveland. Two years ago the association carried the city elec-tion in Omaha, Neb. Its ticket was divided be- tween Republicans and Democrats, the latter pre-ponderating. Another election is shortly to be held in the same city and the association, which is fully as strong as it was then, is repeating its tactics of two years ago. In Kansas City there is a state of war between the association and its op-ponents, and last night for the third time a fight occurred between them. The association has se-cured a foothold in this State, notably in Buffalo. Its platform for New York is summarized as fol-lows :Š Protection of the free public school. Objection to State aid to sectarian institutions. Restriction of immigration. Uniform naturalization laws for every State, with extension of terms of probation. In choosing public officials preference given to those who are independent of foreign, temporal and ecclesiastical control. Taxation of Church property. The opening.  of all-  private and parochial schools, convents and monasteries to public official inspection. It is not difficult to understand how this association is destined to make a stir in this country. Several of its objects are commendable, but when it proposes to set up a religious test for civil office it is treading on dangerous ground. What-ever may be the merit of the arguments by which such a course is justified, it is pretty sure to stir up " bad blood " in the shape of religious prejudices, and may re-sult, as did the Know-Nothing agitation, in bloodshed. The student of the signs of the times will watch the development of this association with interest, but will stand aloof from it. God's work in the earth is not done through political parties, either secret or otherwise. The Chris-tian's duty is to teach the gospel, not to engage in political contests, For our citizenship is in heaven." Phil. 3 : 20, R. V. C. P. B. Object of the Sabbath. "REMEMBER the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt .thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work; . . . for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day ; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex. 20 : 8-11. "And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it, because that in it he had rested from all his work which God cre-ated and made." Gen. 2: 3. " And hallow my Sabbaths ; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am the Lord your God." Eze. 20 : 20. " Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign be-tween me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Verse 12. All this is spoken of the seventh day of the week, and of no other; for "the sev- enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Therefore the seventh-day Sab-bathŠthe only SabbathŠwas given that men might know God and his sanctifying power. God is known through his works (Rona. 1: 20) and it is through his creative power that men are freed from sin. See Ps. 51 : 10 : Eph. 2 : 20. So the Sabbath, as the memorial of creation, is the means through which a perfect, saving knowledge of God is obtained. But God is known only through Christ, for all the works of God are wrought in him. Now the question is, Since God sancti-fied the seventh day for this purpose, is it possibl i that the same object can be gained by another day, upon which he did not rest, and which he never blessed nor sanc-tified ? Certainly not; to say that it can, is to impugn the wisdom of God in sanc-tifying the definite seventh day in the beginning. We have already seen that the Sabbath pertains to what is called the " Christian Dispensation." There is more evidence still. Who created all things ? It was Christ, through whose blood we have redemption. See John 1 : 1-3 ; Col, 1 : 13- 17. It is he also " who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption." 1 Cor. 1: 30. He, then, is the sanctifying power of God, for he is the power of God. Now the Sabbath was given that we might know God who sanctifies us. Therefore the Sabbath was given for the purpose of revealing Christ to us as the Saviour of sinners. The gospel is the power of God unto salvation. Rom. 1 : 16. The power of God is known by the things that are made. Verse 20. The Sabbath is for the purpose of directing our thoughts to the things that God has made, so that through them we may know his power to save; for re-demption is creation. In the resurrection of Christ the power of God is shown. Paul's prayer was that we might know the " exceeding greatness of his power to usward who believe, ac-cording to the working of his mighty power, which he wrought in Christ when he raised him from the dead." Eph. 1: 19, 20. But God's power is one, and ever the same, and it is seen in the things that he has made. Therefore it was creative power that raised Christ from the dead. We are sanctified through living faith in the death and resurrection of Christ, which, as we have seen, were accomplished from the foundation of the world. But the Sabbath makes known the sanctifying power of God; therefore the Sabbath is the reminder of the power of the resur-rection as well as of the power of creation. " What is the chaff to the wheat ?" 1VIen cannot sanctify a Sabbath. They can make nothing holy. The customs of the people are vain. Custom decides nothing. True, the Sunday has been nominally observed more or less for fifteen hundred years, but that proves nothing. God's name has been blasphemed, and the sun and other objects have been worshiped instead of him for nearly four times as many years; but that does not make blas-phemy and idolatry right. It is true also that the Jews rejected Christ, but that was not because they kept the Sabbath. On the contrary, it was because they did not keep it, although they professed to. They rejected Jesus because they did not know him; but if they had kept the Sabbath in the Spirit, and not in outward form merely, they 