AMERICAN SENTINEL. 463 Stone Throwing from a Glass House. Im was Sunday afternoon, and Mrs. Peters had just finished washing at the usual pile of Sunday dinner dishes. Mr. Peters had been to church in the morning, and the children to Sunday-school. Mrs. Peters and Aunt Mae had stayed at home to prepare Sunday dinner. Aunt Mae had no conscientious scruples about working all morning, because she did not believe that Sunday was the Sabbath or the Lord's day, and Mrs. Peters hushed her conscience by saying it was the only day when the whole family could be together for dinner, and John always looked for something extra on Sunday. Mrs. Peters was tired out with the Sunday work, and now sat down to restŠand read and get into a worship-ful frame of mind, when a crowd of boys and men swarmed into the vacant lot on the corner, and began to shout and run as they joined in their usual Sunday baseball game. "0 dear!" exclaimed Mrs. Peters, in an annoyed tone. "There are those ruffians, as usual. I suppose we are never to have another quiet Sunday again. Why don't they stay at home, or go to church? Whatever do they want to come over here every Sunday, and annoy re-spectable Christian people by their desecration of the Sabbath?" Mr. Peters looked up from the Sunday paper, and said, "0, I suppose they have been housed up all week, hard at work, and want a little out-door air and recrea-tion." "Why, John Peters! you talk as though it was a hol-iday instead of a holy day." "That's exactly what it is to them," said Mr. Peters. "They do not look upon Sunday in any puritanical way." "Well, they ought to. Don't you suppose that God's law means anything? The commandment says, 'Remem-ber the Sabbath day, to keep it holy." "Mama," said little Ray Peters, "Aunt Mae says that God didn't mean Sunday when he said that." "Hush!" said Mrs. Peters, "little boys should be seen and not heard. Those men and boys ought to know better than to play ball on Sunday; and if they don't know better, it is about time they were taught some-thing." "Well, mama, you seem to see their needs. Why  don't you step over and teach them? Our text this morning was, 'Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.' There's a very good chance," said Mr. Peters. "You are too provoking. What do we have churches for? What do we pay the ministers for? Do you think I belong to the Salvation Army? The kind of gospel those men need is law administered by a man in a blue coat with a star on his breast." "Why, mama, do you think that kind of preaching would be likely to make Christians of them?" asked Mr. Peters. "It would make them act more like Christians, any way." "You would have to carry things still further to have them act like Christians. Christians go to church." "Well, I'd have them go to church. Do you suppose there would be less or more chance for them to be con-verted in or out of church?" "You would have been a delight to John Endicot and Cotton 1VIather. Would you have a law to: compel them to pray?" "I'd have a law to stop this noise on the Sabbath day. It's disgraceful! It's so annoying to those who want to keep Sunday." "Perhaps I don't care about keeping it, for it does not'annoy me. I know the poor boys are really better off playing ball than doing nothing. Sunshine and exer-cise are good for the health. If we had a law prohibiting all sorts of Sunday recreation and work, we would be sure to suffer worse than we do now; for Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." "Well; but suppose they all went to church?" "They wouldn't do it, except as hypocrites. Compul-sory religion is the devil's own kind. Nothing makes worse knaves than cant and compulsion. It wouldn't be long before we should haire the inquisition and the stake. The only safe method of making Christians is the-way I have spoken ofŠpreaching the gospel." "Well, John Peters; if things go on as they are now, it will not be long before Sabbath-keeping will be a thing of the past." "Aunt Mae keeps Sabbath on Saturday," said Ray. "Yes," said Mrs. Peters. "There's no unity any-where. On one hand the Sunday-keepers wink at dese-cration, and on the other hand a small minority ignore Sunday and keep Saturday." "Well, and why shouldn't every soul do as he likes about Sabbath-keeping? Who does it belong to, any-how?" "It's God's day," lisped Mabel. "Teacher said so." "Yes; and every man shall give an account of himself, not of somebody else, to God," said Mr. Peters. "Well, it annoys me to have this noisegoing on when I want to be quiet," said Mrs. Peters. "Did it annoy Aunt Mae yesterday when you were scrubbing and making a noise?" 