AMERICAN SENTINEL. 377 lime. What does the whole thing mean? It means that the State says to the culprit "You have done a deed which marks you out as a being whose presence is a menace to the lives and the peace of those amongst whom you live; the protection of its people from each other is the pur-pose of the State; it is necessary, in order to accomplish that purpose, that you should be removed; but, in car-rying out that purpose, the State does not assume to decide the character of your deed as moral or immoral; it does not undertake to weigh your temptations against your capacity of resistance, and so to determine your re-sponsibility; this it cannot do; but it leaves the matter to the Higher Power, to whom you must answer in this regard; and its last words to you constitute a prayer that when He comes to judge you, He will temper justice with mercy." But the controversy over the question of a constitu-tional "recognition" of God is not yet ended; for the Church-and-State party hope to carry their point before the Constitution is finally ratified as the fundamental law of the land. At the session of a commission of the Presbyterian Assembly, held in May, much attention was given to this matter, and it was moved that a committee of Presbyte-rians lobby at the colonial parliaments for the purpose of counteracting the vote of the Convention, and of securing more recognition of Sunday as a sacred day. Mention was made of the Seventh-day Adventists as hav-ing manifested a formidable opposition to the scheme for securing the proposed establishment of religion by the State. 1. 4- -4 The Australian " National Creed." So that culpability is one thing, and responsibility is another. And a man may be culpable and punishable under a human law for doing that for which he will not only receive no punishment hereafter, but for which, under the doctrine of future rewards and punishments, he may well obtain a high reward. And so, on the other hand, a man may escape the penalties of human law by sup-pressing the impulses of his conscience, and, while he may thus appear externally a good citizen, "law-abiding," and all that sort of thing, he will, if he gets his deserts, according to the same doctrine, be none the less held to account as a transgressor. Nor can he plead, in defense, that his action or his inaction was required or enjoined by "the law of the land." For it is not possible that this law should either know or make anything rnalum or bonurn. -41 Religion in the Constitution of Australia. THE Australian Federal Convention refused to insert a recognition of God in the preamble of the Constitution which it was the purpose of the session to draft, notwith-standing the importunities of the Presbyterian and some other churches in that country. The Convention decided to deal fairly in this matter with all parties and classes of the people to be governed by the new Constitution; and as this is God's manner of dealing with people, God is in the Constitution in a very practical sense. But He certainly would not be in a Constitution which favored one class of people above others, for God is no respecter persons. He sendeth his rain on the just and on the un-just, and maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good alike. And only those who manifest the same dis-position in their dealings with their fellows can consist-ently profess to be his children. The "Bible Echo," Melbourne, Aus. THE Adelaide Church of England Church News, of March 26, commenting on the petitions which the churches are sending to the Federal Convention, say 5:Š "We, the members of the Church of England in Aus-tralia and Tasmania, desire that in the preamble of the bill which frames the Federal Constitution some words may be inserted setting forth our national creed.", And it adds:Š "In this matter, we thank God, we are entirely at one with all the Protestant bodies of Christians in this city and colony." And it further says:Š "It is unlikely that our Roman Catholic brethren will fail to show their approval of the main principle." This is plain language, and shows just what we have maintained from the first, that the design of the petition of the Council of Churches is to establish a "national creed." And,any principle implying such a thing Protestants may rest perfectly assured will be approved of by " our Roman Catholic brethren." The Roman Catholic church indorsed that principle over a thousand years ago. Upon that the whole system of the papacy was built, and out of it grew all the evils and horrors and bitter perse-cutions of the Dark Ages. When the papacy approves of that principle she approves of her own; and when pro-fessed Protestants approve of it, and ask her to approve of it, they are both denying the fundamental principles of true Protestantism and clasping hands with that church, whose history for twelve long centuries is written, in the blood of the saints. . . . We are glad to say there is one church that is not "at one with all the Protestant bodies" in demanding a.  union of Church and State. It is the Seventh-day Ad-ventist church. This church protests against the whole business, and declares for religious freedom. 