376 A..MOOIEEICA.N SIENTriPINTIE1A VOL. 11, No. 47 NEW Your, NOVEMBER 26, 1896. Imo'-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE proposition of the National Reform-ers, for the ratification of the religious amend-ment which they propose, is that it shall be by "conventions in the States," not by a vote of the people. They know that they stand a chance to manipulate the choosing of mem-bers of conventions, and the organization of such conventions, much more than they pos-sibly could the vote of the people. There-fore they purpose to make it sure that the people shall have no chance to vote on the question. There is nothing these managers dread more than to have this thing freely and fairly presented to the people. But is it not time that the people awake? THE Christian, Endeavorer, November, 1896, page 5, says:Š The only preparation for the lofty privileges of the heavenly is conspicuous and persevering fidelity in the fulfillMent of the duties pertaining to our earthly citizenship. Jesus Christ said, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God." "Except ye be converted and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven."  And yet this professed Chris-tian Endeavorer says "The only preparation for the lofty privileges of the heavenly [cit-izenship] is conspieuous and persevering fi-delity in the fulfillment of the duties pertain-ing to our earthly citizenship"! Nor is this a mere slip of enthusiasm., It is intentional doctrine; and is emphasized as follows, in the same connection:Š The Christian who will not vote as he prays is a backslider. Along the shining streets of the celestial city walk the Christian citizens saved and jubilant, who did not shirk their duties as Christian citizens while here. The farther that the National Reform theory is carried the more unchristian and blasphem-ous it becomes. There is no doubt of that. And we told them so, years ago. THE National Reformers have already begun their movement upon Congress at its coming session. Two weeks ago they sent through-out the country, all at one mailing, 60,000 memorials and blank petitions to be filled up and sent to the secretary of the National Re-form Association, at Allegheny, Pa., to be taken by the National Reformers to Washing-ton and presented to Congress, calling for the establishment of their religion as the national religion. The directions accompa-nying the blanks are to "Put them in the hands of some active young men or women in your congregation or vicinity, the W. C. T.  U., the Christian Endeavor or other young people's society committees, or any party who will energetically circulate them." Further, that "twenty or more men or women in your vicinity shall without fail write a brief letter to Hon. Geo. F. Hodr, chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee of the Senate, and Hon. David B. Henderson, chairman of the Judi-ciary Committee of the House of Representa-tives, urging this amendment, and when the matter comes up before the Committee or in Cohgress, will you not make sure to have a half dozen telegrams sent to the same persons urging the submission of the amendment." The managers of this move say that it "is ex-pected to attract much attention." We shall do all we can to keep the country informed on the question. Therefore every reader Of this should subscribe forŁthe AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, and get his neighbors to subscribe. This is of great importance to you. AMONG the utterances which have been called forth from various quarters by the peculiar nature of the President's Thanks-giving proclamation, the following from the New York Christian Advocate, the leading Methodist organ in this country, is very sig-nificant. Having remarked upon the " ex-treme evangelical orthodoxy" of the procla-tion, it says:Š This is significant. No doubt atheists, anarchists, and the coarser class of infidels will make it the text for such ebullitions of blasphemy as are as natural to them and as necessary to their happinessŠif such a word as happiness can -be applied to persons "without God and without hope in the world "Šas its peculiar laughter is to a hyena. Thus does the leading organ of the great Methodist denomination give its sanction to this un American proceeding of the chief executive, and manifest its regard for those classes of our citizens whom the President, in his official capacity as their representative, has ignored. It is significant, but it is not strange. For it has ever been the case that When a religious body was in a condition to view with joy the prospect of distinctive rec-ognition from the State, it was ready to treat as hyenas not only the irreligious classes, but other church bodies as well. What would the Christian Advocate have said if the President had gone a step further and put into:--his proclamation not only an allusion to Jesus Christ, but to the Virgin Mary and a few of the Catholic "saints" ? Does not the Advocate know that there are other steps yet to be taken in the process of making such documents definitely " Chris-tian" ? And when it has been decided who are " Christians" in the eye of the Govern-ment, the Advocate may find itself in a posi-tion to receive sympathy from those whom it now derides. From the words of the Advocate, it is evi-dent that the consequences which Jefferson foresaw must follow such proclamations are now upon the country: " It must be meant that this recommendation is to carry some authority, and to be sanctioned by some pen- alty on those who disregard it: not, indeed, of fine and imprisonment, but of some degree of proscription, perhaps in, public opinion." That penalty of proscription is to-day flitted, and that in no small degree. THE Western Watchman (Catholic), of_No-vernber 12, makes the statement that- "Spain is the only civilized country in the world to-day where there is a perfect union of Church and State." We do not question the state-ment in the least, but we call to mind the fact that no civilized country in the world is so little envied to-day as Spain. The Watch-man adds that "If there is any benefit in that union we should not begrudge it to glorious old Catholic Spain." It is very safe to say that no nation begrudges Spain any "benefit" on this score. The magnificent ruin of na-tional greatness which this union has be-queathed to Spain, and which all the world beholds to-day, ought to constitute an object lesson upon the results of church and State union which would cause every civilized country on earth to shrink from the slightest step which might tend in that direction. No PERSON who reads this number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL can fail to see that there is a mighty contest on handŠa contest that means everything to this nation. You must take one side or the other in this con-flict. If you decide to take sides with the Constitution as the fathers of the Republic framed it, and with the forces led by the AMERICAN SENTINEL in defense of it, then you must have the paper to learn how" the contest progresses, and the best means of de-fending your position. On the other hand, if you are in favor of the movement of the confederated church forces to force religious institutions upon the people by human law, then you should read the AMERICAN SENTIz NEL, the acknowledged leader of the forces opposing your movement, that you may know the arguments of the "other side." Per-chance you may find yourself in error. In any event, be you friend or foe, you cannot afford to be without the AMERICAN SENTINEL. Don't miss a single issue. Subscribe now. Terms below. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything  tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Association. VICE-PRESIDENT, -SECRETARY, Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. " Six months, " Three " - .50. - .25. ADDRESS, AriERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. PRESIDENT, ALLEN MOON. A. T. Josss. A. F. BALLENGER. 