AMERICAN SENTINEL. 647 the proudest head must bow; but this assumed familiar ity with the plans of the divine Ruler, the partizanship assigned to him in human affairs, is not in the best of taste, surely. In fact, in my ears it sounds dangerously like profanity. Let us not forget that the poor Dervishes ( who did not happen to be adequately equipped) rushed into battle shouting the name of Allah. "Perhaps the climax of absurdity or profanity in this direction is reached when two Christian nations cross swords, both claiming the support and direction of the Most High in their military operations. The Kaiser, as is well known, has enlisted God on the side of the Father Ł land, constantly alluding to the Deity as an august ally of his own; but, needless to say, this did not prevent us, on the occasion of the famous Kruger telegram, from hastily equipping a flying squadron by way of counter-move, thereby showing practically what we thought of the young emperor's alleged supernatural alliances. "The fact is that this sort of appeal by Christian na-tions to the Lord of Hosts is a survival of the old Pagan notion of a tutelary divinity, i. e., a tribal deity watch-ing over the interests of its tribe. With the Christian ideal, according to which all war is sinful, it is wholly in-consistent, and, as it tends to fortify the scoffer, it had better, I think, be dropped. Military and naval opera-tions have no more claim upon the divine favor than a war of tariffs, or the triumph of party principles at a general election, in favor of which no bishop ever prays." Ł -4 Union of Church and State Condemned by His- tory. ŠNo. 1. By B. W. Noel, M. A. No truth is more prominent in the New Testament than that we are saved by faith in our Redeemer. But faith, according to the doctrine of the same book, is not genuine, unless it leads to an open confession of Christ in the world; and, therefore, Christ required from all his disciples that they should openly confess him by baptism; which, becoming the test of a true faith, was therefore connected with the remission of sins. Thus, as the Lord Jesus Christ came into the world to bear witness to the truth, though it cost him his life, so his disciples must bear witness to it. Since his doctrine has been preached men can no longer receive the creed of their fathers or of their coun-try without investigation; but each one is bound to search after truth, to receive it, to maintain it, and to promulgate it in the world, in opposition to all error, however venerable and popular. Our Lord predicted that this novel exercise of conscience in matters of reli-gion, this independent inquiry and resolute profession, would disturb society everywhere to its very foundations. "Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace but a Łsword. For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daugh-ter against her mother, and the daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law: and a man's foes shall be those of his own household. And ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake." The Christian principle of individual inquiry, belief, and profession, was exactly the opposite of the pagan principle of unexamining conformity. The gospel made conscience everything, declaring, "Let everyman be fully persuaded in his own mind. . . . Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Heathenism Made it nothing. Accord-ing to the gospel, everyone was bound to reject the reli-gion of his country if false. According to heathenism, everyone was to conform to the religion of his country in all things. Christianity invited men to form a volun-tary society, upon conviction as men; heathenism herded them, by law, as animals, within the inclosure of a na-tional ritual. The Greek legislators, wishing to secure for the re-public the greatest military force by means of the most complete social unity, forbade dissent from the popular superstition. A man who disbelieved the power of ficti-tious and corrupt deities was thought to be a bad citi-zen, and was as such condemned. Draco punished dissent with death; Plato would have it denounced to the magis-trates as a crime; Aristotle allowed but one established worship; and Socrates was sentenced to death as a non-conformist. In the Greek republics the union between the state and the religion was so complete, that the rights of conscience were wholly disregarded. Men did not inquire what was true, but what was politic. The republic must be a great unity for attack or defense, and the religious independence which would break that unity must be exterminated. Heathen princes had yet more powerful motives than republican magistrates to unite themselves strictly with the priesthood. Despotic rulers have ever sought to ex-tort from their subjects all possible advantages for them-selves, and for this end to retain them in the most com-plete servitude. They have chiefly depended on their armies; but the fear and the hopes excited by supersti-tion have been too obvious a support not to be largely employed. Well-paid soldiers have been their first in-strument of power; their second has been a well-paid priesthood. Priests have lent to despots, in aid of their selfish designs, the portents and the predictions of super-stition; and despots have in return invested the supersti-tion with splendor, and punished non-conformity with death. Heathenism presented no obstacle to this union. The superstition being a corrupt invention, offered nothing which was disagreeable to corrupt rulers; and the vices of rulers were not uncongenial to an equally corrupt priesthood. Nebuchadnezzar exalted himself when he compelled his subjects of every creed to bow down to his golden idol; Belshazzar, amid his revels, felt no ob-jection to "praise the gods of gold and silver;" and it seemed to Darius excellent policy to establish a royal statute that no prayers should be offered to any god but himself for thirty days. The famous Tarquin could without any inconvenient restraint upon his passions,,  build temples to Jupiter; Caligula and Nero felt no reŁ morse at their wickedness, excited by the fulfillment of 