THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 381 on any day of the week; and any person's opinion or the opinion of any number of persons, that Sunday labor or recreation ought not to be, counts for nothing in the scale of justice. No person has a right to have his opinion of right made a compulsory regulator of other people's conduct. s. Sunday Services for Fast Trains. According to the Times-Herald of this city the pas-senger officials of trunk lines running out of Chicago are considering the advisability of establishing divine service Sundays on their through trains. The matter received considerable attention two years ago by the Erie officials, who finally discarded an elaborate plan made by one of the road's assistant general passenger agents. There is a feeling, however, on the part of some officials that it would be a good thing to devise some plan which would in a measure do away with the prejudice on the part of church people against Sunday travel. Several plans have been talked over, and it is thought to be almost certain that one of the trunk lines will try the influence of religious services on a sixty-mile-an-hour flyer. The plan which seems to find most favor is that of converting the dining cars into chapels, where services could be held soon after the morning meal. This would requite little work on the part of the employes, and one diner would accommodate all the passengers on one train who would care to join in the services. In the card racks could be placed hymn books and small Bibles, and the singing part of the service could be done by the "congregation." One minister could be engaged to deliver a sermon on each eastbound vestibule train, and the ministers could fin-ish the services going east in time to catch the flyers going west and repeat the program. If the dining car was found inadequate to accommodate the worshipers ministers might be engaged to give short gospel talks and deliver morning prayers in each of the coaches. The preaching of the gospel is about the only thing which is not now enjoyed by passengers on the fast through trains east and west. Every flyer now has its library car, in which are furnished grain market re-ports and stock reports, daily papers and periodicals, and nearly everything else a busy man can get in his own office. The cry against Sunday travel by a portion of the public has been heard for years, and not a few officials believe that if regular religious service was established on through trains better Sunday patronage would result. The proposed innovation might prove popular with the traveling public, but it is more than doubtful if it would cdmmend itself to the ministers. Indeed, so  far as they are concerned, it would only make a bad matter worse, as it would make the Sunday railway the rival of the church. B. Sunday Laws and Anarchy. The advocates of compulsory Sunday observance endeavor to foster the idea that opposition to Sunday laws or disregard of the same is anarchy. Thus one of them, writing in "Lord's Day Papers," a Milwaukee publication, says : "If one takes a Sunday paper, the newsboy who brings it is his servant, paid by him for breaking the Sabbath, and being an embryo anarchist." The indi-vidual who hired the newsboy to be an "embryo an-archist" would be, of course, from this standpoint, an anarchist full fledged. Anarchy, however, is something quite different from mere opposition to a certain law. Anarchy is opposition to civil authorityŠto governmentŠand hence opposition to that which civil government is in-stituted to preserve. Civil government is instituted to preserve human rights, hence anarchy is against such rights, and the true anarchist will both theoretically and in practice, always disregard them. Whatever, therefore, works against the preservation of rights is contrary to civil government and may be properly considered anarchical in its nature. being so, it follows that Sunday laws and all religious legislation are really manifestations of _the spirit of anarchy, for all compulsion in religion is against the sacred right of freedom of conscience. The real anarchy as regards Sunday laws consists not in opposing or disregarding them, but in advocating and enforcing them. Wrong is often embodied in civil statute, but is never transformed into right by the process. It is injustice still, and as such is entitled only to the un-ceasing opposition of every lover of right. Opposition to a law is not always opposition to good government. It is more essential to consider the object of government than the means by which the civil power seeks to enforce its will. The question, What is justice? is a more important one than What is the law? The advocates of Sunday statutes appeal to "the law," but they do not go back of the law to that purpose of government which is the only justifi-cation for civil legislation. They want Sunday laws not to preserve the rights of the people, but to pre-serve a religious institution, which they think must be maintained by law, if maintained at all. But a re-ligious institution which cannot be maintained without human law, is a religious counterfeit, and only de- serves to disappear into eternal oblivion. s. 