'If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge bun not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 18, 1894. NUMBER 41. American Sentinel Ł PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW Yonx. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, - CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, EDITORS.  A. F. BALLENGER, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. No greater mistake could be made than to suppose that to habitually treat Sunday in all respects as an ordinary day is not a -matter of conscience with Seventh-day Adventists. The Christian's rule of life is : " Whether ye eat, or drink, or what-soever ye do, do all to the glory of God;" and the Adventist following his plow on Sunday is as truly serving God as when going to church on the previous day. BUT the State has no right to inquire whether an act is done conscientiously or not. If any act does not infringe the equal rights of others, the State has no right to forbid it, whether conscientiously done or not. The Sunday-keeper is no more entitled to undisturbed rest on the first day of the week than the Sabbath-keeper is to undisturbed rest on the sev-enth day; and since the Sabbath-keeper can rest and worship while the Sunday-keeper is at work, so can the Sunday-keeper rest and worship equally as well while the Sabbath-keeper works. The question of conscience cannot be consid-ered by the State further than this: If any law affects the conscience and not the equal rights of men, that fact alone proves that it is outside the domain of proper civil legislation. EVERY clause in every Sunday law in the world that exempts those who " con-scientiously " believe in and observe an-other day is a confession that such legis-lation is improper. Every such provision is a confession that the keeping of a Sab-bath is a question directly affecting the conscience and not affecting natural rights. No statute against murder, or assault, or robbery, or slander, or arson, ever con-tained a clause exempting from its penal-ties.  persons who might violate it conscien-tiously. And why ?ŠSimply because such things are not matters of conscience but are matters of right, natural, human  rights; and no man has any right to take another's life or property, or to burn his house, or blacken his reputation under any circumstances. No amount of con-scientious conviction can, by any possi-bility, confer any such right. Rights exist independently of conscience; they are not created by conscience, but exist in the nature of things according to the divine order, and one man's conscience cannot of right trench on another's rights. But that is just what is done when the conscience of the majority is incorporated into statutes for the government of the minority, however small that majority may be. Christ or PeterŠWhich? IN our consideration of the claim of papal " infallibility " last week, we found that Christ and not Peter is the rock upon which the Church is built. But let us have the word of the Lord by Peter himself on this point. . Thus it is written by the hand of Peter : " As new-born babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby: if so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gra-cious : to whom coming as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious, ye also as lively stones are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. Wherefore it is also contained in the Scripture, Behold I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious: and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded. Unto you, therefore, that believe, he is precious; but unto them which be disobe-dient, the stone which the builders disal-lowed, the same is made the head of the corner." 1 Peter 2: 2-7. That the " stone " here referred to is none other than Jesus Christ himself, and not Peter in any sense, is clear from the words spoken by Peter in another place, thus, speaking of "Jesus Christ of Nazareth," whom the Jews had crucified, he says. " This is the stone which .-was set at nought of you builders, which is become the head of the corner." Acts 4:10, 11. In the first of these passages from the words of Peter, he says that this "is con-tained in the scripture," and then quotes  a portion of this "scripture." Let us turn to that scripture to which Peter here refers, and which he says means "Jesus Christ of Nazareth," and see what it does say in full. Here it is : " Therefore thus saith the Lord God, Behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation, a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner stone, a sure foundation: he that believeth shall not make haste." Isa. 28:16. Peter himself says that this stone which is laid "for a foundation" is " Jesus Christ of Nazareth," and that "this stone "Šthis "Jesus Christ of Naz-areth "Š" is the head." And Peter says that it is to this "living stone" that men must come in order to be of the building of ChristŠin order to be of this "spiritual house," which is the Church of the living God. Now, to every one who cares for the truth only, the testimony of Peter himself is better than the testimony of the Cath-olic Church about Peter. And to every such one the inspired testimony of Peter himself as to who is the foundation and head of the Church, is far better than is the uninspired and self-interested testi-mony of the Catholic Church and her popes about Peter. The inspired testi-mony of Peter himself is that " Jesus Christ of Nazareth " is " the stone," the " living stone," which is the " sure foun-dation " and " the head " of the building of God, this " spiritual house," which is the Church of Jesus Christ, the Son of the living God. This is also the inspired tes-timony of the apostle Paul. In other words, this is the testimony of Jesus Christ himself, that he and he alone is the foundation and head of the apostles and prophets and of the whole Church of Christ, and that " other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ. And this word demonstrates that the claim of the papacy that Peter is the foun-dation and head of the Church of Christ is as false, fleeting, baseless, and intangi-ble, as is "the stuff that dreams are made of.'! It therefore and of necessity follows that the " infallibility of the pope," as derived from " the divine assistance prom-ised to him in blessed Peter," is also as false, fleeting, baseless, and intangible, as is " the stuff that dreams are made of." Thus, again, we are brought to the fact 