536 SENTINEL. TWELVE dynamite guns are to be sent immediately to the Philippine Islands to enable the American forces there to cope with the situation. Of these guns it is said that they are the most destructive of any light artillery guns used in modern warfare. "The explosion of a shell from one of these guns is guaranteed to kill everything within a radius of fifty feet. Twelve of them in service on the firing line will be far more deadly than the ordinary field artillery, and ordnance experts who have made a study of the new explosive to be used in them assert that no foe can withstand the effect pro-duced by a battery of such guns." * * "BENEVOLENT assimilation" in the Philippines de-mands the most powerful modern explosive to carry it into effect,Šsomething more destructive than ordinary powder and the projectiles from ordinary guns. But this great Government, in using dynamite upon the half-civilized natives of the Philippines to enforce its will in those islands, will cover itself with something else than glory. * * * THE national political campaign is impending, and something must be done to crush the Filipinos at once, and prevent the war from dragging on during this cam-paign. The party in power must be able to point to a finished war, instead of being pointed to an unfinished one, if it is to be successful at the polls in 1900. This is no doubt one strong influence that is stirring the Ad-ministration to activity over the Philippine question. * * * ST. PATRICK'S Roman Catholic Church in East St. Louis is in rebellion against their bishop. The latter is-sued an edict instructing the church to accept "Father" Cluse as their pastor, and the church has refused and defied the bishop to do his worst. The church people have put guards around both church and parsonage, and refuse to allow the obnoxious priest to conduct re-ligious services. The bishop, on finding his authority defied, proceeded to excommunicate all the leaders in the rebellion and: all who assist in any way; by which excommunication these persons, in the event of their dying, will not receive "Christian" burial or be interred in "consecrated" ground. But even this has failed to bring the contumacious ones to terms, and they main- tain their guard about the church, under an American and an Irish flag which they have hoisted on a flagpole in the grounds. They demand that they be allowed to have a voice in the selection of their own pastor. * * As THE Catholic religion which these people profess requires that they submit unquestioningly to their supe-riors in the things pertaining to eternity, it is only con-sistent that while they profess this religion they should likewise submit in matters temporal. That they have not done so in this instance only illustrates the fact that all men have a natural desire for freedom and inde-pendence, which will assert itself at times in spite of all opposing forces. LOGICALLY, the members of this Catholic Church are bound either to submit to their bishop's authority in temporal appointments, or reject his authority over their spiritual being. He who takes his religion from Rome, might as well take his politics, and everything else, from the same source. THE mayor of South Omaha, Neb., has aroused the indignation of the city council by enforcing an ordinance compelling the saloons of South Omaha to close on Sun-days. The council, by a vote of six to one, has invited the mayor to resign. * * * A CONFERENCE to discuss the situation created in the business world by trusts and combinations, is called to be held in Chicago September 13-16. Its promoters state that it will be "a representative, non-political meeting of many of the ablest men in the country." The Comic Side of Imperialism. New York "World." THERE would be less complaint of the dullness of po-litical news if the people would only read the papers more closely. It is, for instance, not dull but highly entertaining to learn from Mr. Schurman that after wiping out poly-gamy in Utah we are expected to embrace and protect it in Sulu. It is more than entertaining to read of the polyga-mous Sultan gravely insisting on an increase of his pen-sion on the ground that our intervention has increased the cost of keeping a harem! And is it comic or not, after our sacrifices to put an end to slavery at home, to be told by our commissioner that Filipino slavery is "rather beneficent in form?" Was not our own slave system "rather beneficent" to many of the slaves? 