THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 399 is awake only to those qualities in its subjects which constitute an effective soldiery. This is an example of a nationalized Protestant Christianity, open to the eyes of the whole world, yet, in this country, the entire force of Church influence is brought to bear to bring about a similar condition, Ša nationalized Christianity in a " Christian Na-tion," THE Secular Union of the State of Washington, has undertaken to fight the battles of the Church from a point of view which will probably not be appreciated . An earnest letter was addressed to the Governor of the State, protesting against the issuing of an official Thanksgiving proclamation; " because the proclamation of a day of thanksgiv-ing to Almighty God, and recommending that all the people assemble at their respective places of worship and give thanks, etc. etc., is usurping the prerogative of the churches, and is an act of in-justice, a violation alike of the national, and our own State ConStitutions." This is an unexpected source from which to hear a defense of the prerogatives of the Church. No doubt so sturdy a championship will be accepted in the dame spirit that it is offered. When a point, so undeniably sound, is made in favor of the Church, it would be unfortunate if any unchari-table feeling as to its origin should militate in the least against its fullest usefulness. A REPRESENTATIVE of the licensed victuallers, brewers, and publicans, of London, expresses him-self, in the London Echo, concerning the "Lord's Day Observance Society," after this manner :Š Sir,ŠI am very glad to see that the above ex-cellent society is about to stop the National Sunday League in their evil and unnatural conduct of run-ing lectures and concerts, for the working classes, on Sunday evenings. Why, Sir, they have already four centres going, where the working classes crowd in hundreds, and I understand that they are about to open more in different districts in London. -Now this comes hard on us; we are harassed on every side, first by one and then by another, and as we contribute about one-third of the national revenues of this Christian country, we deserve more consideration ; and if these concerts are con-tinued, drawing away our customers of a Sunday evening between seven and ten, I should like to know how we are to live. I am sure that both my brother licensed victuallers and the great brewers will be only too happy to subscribe to this Lord's Day Observance Society, and help them in their most righteous cause, Yours, A PUBLICAN. CONGRESSMAN JOHN J. HEMPHILL, of South Caro-lina, has been named for the chairmanship of the House Committee on the District of Columbia. To this Committee will be referred the bills introduced for the purpose of committing Congress to the principle of religious legislation by the passage of Sunday laws for the District of Columbia. Senator Carey of Wyoming, takes the place of Mr. Blair in the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, and the mantle of the chairmanship of the select Senate Committee to Establish the Uni-versity of the United States falls upon Senator Proctor, as successor to Ex-Senator Edmunds. THE State Sabbath Committee of New York will have legislative lobbying to do in opposition to the petitions of the Long Island fishermen. It is said that "the boat owners on Jamaica and Canarsie Bays are circulating a petition, which will be pre_ sented to the coming Legislature, asking that the law prohibiting line fishing in those two bays on Sunday, be abolished." Such an item as this is a reminder of old colonial days, under a State Church. It seems New York is still in the same leading strings. "To follow foolish precedents, and wink With both our eyes, is easier thou to think," ADVERTISEMENTS. HANDSOME BOOKS FAR HOLIDAY PRESENTS. THE LIVES AND TRAVELS OF LIV-INGSTONE AND STANLEYŠCover-ing their entire career in Southern and Cen-tral Africa, carefully prepared from the most authentic sources. A thrilling narra-tive of the adventures, discoveries, experi-ences, and achievements of the greatest ex-plorers of modern times, in a wild and won-derful country. By Rev. J. E. Chambliss, Richly illustrated. Large 8vo, cloth, '760 pages, $1. 50. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. THE CHRISTIAN'S SECRET OF A HAPPY LIFEŠBy Hannah Whitall Smith. Standard edition, 12mo, 240 pages, .75 cents. Handy classic edition. 18mo, 392 pages, cloth, gilt edges, 85 cents. ATTRACTIVE TRUTHS IN LESSON AND STORY. A series of outline lessons with illustrative stories and Scripture verses for the use of those who are inexperienced in teaching the young. It is suitable for use in childrens' meetings and for home teaching. Cloth, $1.25. NEW HISTORICAL. ATLAS AND GEN-ERAL HISTORYŠBy Robert H. Lab-berton. This is the only atlas that has a map for every period. A map for any par-ticular date can instantly be found by any one. It contains, now made for the first time, maps of the Chaldean, Elamitic, Egyp-tian, Kossean, Armenian, Hittite, and As-syrian Empires. It contains 198 maps, print-ed in colors, 30 genealogical charts, and is complete in one volume. 4to, 312 pages. Sent by mail or express, post-paid. Half law sheep, $2. 75; half morocco, $3.00. CHURCH AND STATEŠBy Philip Schaff, D. D. This book discusses that part of the Constitution of the United States which pro-tects us against the despotism of a State Church, and guarantees to us the free exer-cise and enjoyment of religion, as an inher-ent, inviolable and inalienable right of every man. Price $1.50. FOX'S BOOK OF MARTYRS; or, a history of the lives, sufferings, and triumphant deaths of the primitive Protestant martyrs-1 volume, 12mo, cloth, 50 cents. BISHOP PATTERSON, the Martyr of MelanesiaŠBy Jesse Page. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN WILLIAMS, the Martyr of Erro-mangaŠBy Rev. J. J. Ellis. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO TFIF. BIBLE. Cloth, $1.25. Sheep, $2.50. MEMOIRS OF EDWIN BAINBRIDGE.ŠThe subject of this memoir is the young English tourist who met his death at the dreadful volcanic eruption of Tarawera, New Zealand, on the 10th of June, 1886. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75c. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. YOUNG PEOPLE'S LIBRARY. SERIES I. Every volume in this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and, while de-signed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially bound in fine colored cloth, handsomely embossed in jet and gold. Series 1 contains six volumes which are as follows:Š I . FIJI AND SAMOA,ŠJOTTINGS Exam THE PACIFIC, No 1. 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. 3. SAVONAROLA, the Florentine Mar-tyr. 4. THE TONGA ISLANDS and Other Croups,ŠJoTTINGs FROM THE PACIFIC, No. 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 9. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICE-BERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent post-paid, for $3.60. Single volumes, 60 cents each, paper, 25 cents. THE PILGRIM'S PROGRESS BY JOHN BUNYAN. Royal Octavo Edition in large type, and contains over 100 illustrations, 50 of which are full page. Cloth, with side stamp in ink and gold, $1.00. iiiaW.-The above-named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. Address all orders to the PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 43 Boob STager. N t‚W -,Y0SE (Ira, Os GeatAup, CAL, 