240 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vol. 7, No. 30. NEW YORK, AUGUST 4, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. CIRCUIT JUDGE SWIGGART, of Tennes-see, in ordering the Seventh-day Advent-ists to prison, also ordered that they, "ed-ucate their consciences by the laws of Tennessee." And this in the face of the Constitution pf Tennessee which plainly declares that " no human authority can in any case whatever interfere with or con-trol the rights of conscience " ! And thus again, he who sits to judge men "accord-ing to the law," commands these same men " contrary to the law." See the orig-inal instance in Acts 23 :1-3. -0- ARE the civil laws of Tennessee the moral enactments of God, that men shall educate their consciences by them ? Does God judge of the righteousness of the citizens of Tennessee by the measure of their subjection to Tennessee statutes, and that alone ? If the Tennessee statutes are the educational standards for the eon-sciences of the citizens of that State, who made the laws of Tennessee ? The State, or the citizens of the State, or Jehovah ? If the State made the laws, and the citi-zens are the State, then the citizens have es-tablished the standard for their own con-sciences, and are a law unto themselves,Štheir own God. If the State, which is a corporate body of their creation, can make laws to which their consciences must be educated, then the State is their God, and they are themselves above it, for they have made it. Š0--- THE difference then between the idola-ters of India and of Tennessee is that the one worship the works of their hands and the other the creations of their minds. It is as true of the one as it is of the other that they neither know nor understand the true God and the all-reaching justice of his eternal law. Their eyes are shut that they can not see the difference between sin and righteousness, legalized injustice and divine equity. Their hearts are hardened against their fellow-citizens who do not bow down and worship the god which they have made, the image which they have set up. The image which the King of Babylon made, on the plain of Dura, was no more an idol than is this self - made fiction of pseudo - sacredness which the State of Tennessee puts in its statute books, and to which it requires  that men shall bow. The bowing to the image of brass was idolatry; the bowing to the fiction of law would be no less idolatry. Š0Š COMMENTING upon the imprisonment of Adventists in Tennessee, a correspondent of the Elmira Spectator, a Missouri pa-per, says : " How long will it be before the State of Tennessee will be ready to burn men at the stake ? She imprisons them now from forty-five to ninety days simply because they happen to differ with a set of intolerant religious bigots in re-gard to which day of the week should be observed as the Sabbath. She has ex-alted herself above the God of heaven and demands that men educate their con-sciences by the laws of the State in pref-erence to the law of the God that created them. Rome made the same demand under similar pressureŠreligious intolerance; but some men went to the stake as these men went to prison rather than violate their consciences in regard to the law of God. And so went the three Hebrew children into the fiery furnace, and Dan-iel into the lion's den. When men pos-ing as ministers of the gospel of Christ ask for the civil power to enforce any religious institution, we may know that they have not the spirit of Christ, the gentle Shepherd, but are actuated by the same evil spirit that led the Jews to per-secute the prophets, crucify the Saviour, and put to death his disciples." Š0-- Now that Congress has committed itself and the Government to the fallacy and the falsehood of Sunday sacredness, the next thing in order will be for it to com-mit itself to that other widespread fallacy and falsehoodŠthe immortality of the soul. Nor need we expect it to stop there. And, indeed, why should we ? Having entered the field of religious controversy, and taken sides in one point of dogma, why not go the whole course ? Nor is it sufficient to ask, Why shall it not do it ? the real question is now, How can it pos-sibly keep from doing it ? Š0Š IN the two leading speeches in the United States Senate (those by Hawley and Hiscock), in favor of Sunday closing of the World's Fair, the chief of all the arguments used was that the churches demanded it and it should be granted, be-cause it was "not wise statesmanship" to disregard the demands of so large a num-ber of religious people. This is precisely the doctrine enunciated by United States District Judge Hammond. It may, there-fore, now be considered as the established doctrine of the Government of the United States. Consequently, all that now re-mains, is for the churches to demand a thing, and they will surely get it; for they are officially notified that it is " not wise statesmanship " to disregard their de-mands. Thus, in this Sunday legislation,  there is fully established the doctrine of Church domination of the civil power, and using it for whatever purpose she chooses. This is but the establishment of a reli-gious despotism. This is precisely what THE AMERICAN SENTINEL has always been saying was in this question of Sunday legislation. And nothing but the most tyrannical and unmitigated despotism will or can ever come out of it. UNITED STATES senators have declared it to be " not wise statesmanship " to dis-regard the demands of the churches for legislation deciding a religious controversy as to whether Sunday is the Sabbath, or not. Now why shall not this principle apply in other cases ? Why shall not the Spiritualists now work up some issue by which they can demand legislation which will decide the question as to whether or not people are alive when they are dead? There are as many Spiritualists as there are church members; and, of course, it would not be " wise statesmanship " to disregard their demands. Besides this, they would have the unanimous and hearty support of all " the evangelical churches " in the country. And as Con-gress has granted the demands of the churches alone on this Sunday-Sabbath question, how much more would the same body grant the demands of the same ones over again with largely increased num-bers with them. For such would only be "wise statesmanship," according to the latest definition of the term. What queer ideas these gentlemen have of what statesmanship is ! The truth is that it is not statesmanship at all. It is sheer dem-agogisra ; and that of the worst sort. These gentlemen should be told that states-manship (lees not pander to the selfish and arbitrary demands of classes; it creates sound and healthy public opinion. THE influence of this religious dema-gogism in the Congress of the United States has been shown during this session in the passage of the proviso for the Sun-day closing of the World's Fair; in the confirmation of an ordinance for the pun-ishment of profanity in the District of Columbia; and by a favorable decision upon the Sunday ice bill for the District by the House and District Committee of the Senate. The Supreme Court has de-creed this to be a Christian Nation. Will the citizens of the United States be in-vested with natural immortality by decree of the Court or by act of Congress. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - 00c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 