310 AMERICAN SENTINEL. in his Church History says: "It is certain that to reli-gious worship, both public and private, many rites were added without necessity, and to the great offense of sober and good men. This was because the Christians did not wish to appear inferior to the Greeks, the Romans, and the other people." The simplicity of the worship that the Christians offered to the Deity was such that they were by the pa-gans pronounced Atheists. And to silence this accusation the Christian doctors thought they must introduce some external rites which would strike the sense of the people; so that they could maintain that they really had all those things of which Christians were charged with being -destitute, though under different form. So that it is said. "A large part . . . of the Christian observances and institutions, even in this century had the aspect of the pagan mysteries." What connection all this had with the prevailing -sun-worship may be seen from the following: "Nearly all -the people of the East, before the Christian era, were accustomed to worship with their faces directed towards the sunrising; for they all believed that God, whom they supposed to resemble light, or rather to be light, and whom they limited as to place, had his residence in that part of the heavens were the sun rises. When they be--came Christians, they rejected, indeed, the erroneous belief; but the custom which originated from it, and was very ancient and universally prevalent, they retained. Nor to this hour has it been wholly laid aside." The above quotation from Mosheim will also show that the then prevailing Christianity had become so effeminate and weak, that when they left the grosser forms of paganism, on becoming Christians, they retained some practices that were "very ancient and universally prevalent." The foregoing quotations pertain to the second cen-tury of the Christian era. Of the third century, during the reign of Diocletian, Milman says: "From Christianity, the new paganism had -adopted the unity of the Deity, and scrupled not to de-grade all the gods of the older world into subordinate demons or ministers. . . . But the Jupiter Optiinus Maximus was not the great supreme of the new system. The universal deity of the East, the sun, to the philo-sophic, was the emblem or representative; to the vulgar, the deity. Diocletian himself, though he paid so much deference to the older faith as to assume the title of -Jovius. as belonging to the Lord of the world, yet, on his accession, when he would exculpate himself from all con--cern in the murder of his predecessor Numerian, appealed in the face of the army to the all-seeing deity of the sun. It is the oracle of Apollo of Miletus consulted by the hes-itating emperor, which is to decide the fate of Christian-ity. The metaphorical language of Christianity had unconsciously lent strength to this new adversary; and in adoring the visible orb, some no doubt supposed that they were not departing far from the worship of the 'Sun .of Righteousness.'" This proves what has already been statedŠthat Chris-tianity had united with paganism on sun worship. With all this there came in the SundayŠ"so called because the day was anciently dedicated to the sun, or to its worship" (Webster), "the wild solar holiday of all pagan times"Šand finally displaced the Sabbath of the BibleŠthe seventh day. "Not to Condemn." By Rev. F. W. Aveling. CHRIST came not to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. Let us beware lest we play the Pharisee, and glibly condemn our fellow-creatures instead of trying to win them by mercy unto the Lord. We frail, feeble, faulty mortals have no right to condemn anyone. Our condemnations are such hypo-critical performances. One man condemns his drunken brother in the harshest manner, when all the while he is as much the slave of avarice as his brother is of drink; when, perhaps, one of the strongest motives for his ab-stinence from liquor is a mercenary one; when perhaps he keeps from drink more for the sake of economy than from any higher motive. One man glibly condemns his brother for telling lies because he himself has no temptation in that direction, and yet he himself is as close-fisted as a miser. Another condemns the foolish, youthful pursuit of pleasure and worldliness, when he himself is too old to have any temp-tation that way, while all the time he is as tricky as tricky can be in business transactions. Another con-demns his gambling brother, when perhaps he would gamble himself if he could only be sure of winning, and not losing his much loved gold. If we only look honestly into our hearts we find so much that is shaky, so much that is faulty, that we can-not consistently condemn our brethren. We can only rejoice with joy unspeakable that Christ does not con-demn us if we are truly penitent. Who now shall accuse and arraign us? What man shall condemn and disown? Since Christ bas said only the stainless Shall cast at his fellows a stone. For what man can bare us his bosom, And touch with his forefinger there, And say, "'Tis as snow, as a blossom"? Beware of the stainless, beware. THE Herald and Presbyter, a well-known Presbyte-rian journal, says that "The fourth commandment en-joins industry and thoroughness. For six days we are to labor, and during this time we are to do all our work. Anything less than this is idleness and neglect. The man who falls short here does not keep this command-ment." ThisŁbeing so, how then can Presbyterians support Sunday laws, which would compel conscientious observ-ers of the seventh day to rest two days in the week, unless they should abandon their conscientious convictions. 