AMERICAN SENTINEL. 165 The True Man. BY JOHN M.CARTHY. GIVE me the man who will dare To stand up for conscience and right; Who e'er his convictions can boldly declare, And bravely God's battles can fight. Give me the man who can love An opponent who thinks not as he; Who convinces by arguments framed up above In God's mind; not by civil decree. Give me the man who'll allow Other men to be honest as he; And not think he only has conscience, to know What is best for humanity. Give me the man who can stand As a rock in the ocean, firm; Who can lift up the standard of truth with brave hand; Not slink off as a grovelling worm. Give me the man who will live In the light of the golden rule; Who ne'er for a moment another would grieve, Nor the rights of a brother annul. This is the man who can show By theory and practice as well, The power of religion, he fully doth know Of God's grace which the soul can heal. Resolve ye henceforth to be true To the principles noble, divine; And although in this world ye may number but few In so doing with God ye combine. Argentine Republic. Why It Was Not Done. H. P. PHELPS. WHY was not the name of Christ put into the national Constitution when it was first formed? Was it an over-sight on the part of the founders of this Government? If such an act will now make this a Christian nation, as some contend (and, no doubt, sincerely believe), of course such an act would have made this a Christian nation in the beginning. Did those men design to make this a Christian nation by any legal notice? Or, was the omission of the name of Christ in that document a pre-meditated act? There are plenty of reasons why the na-tional Constitution was made as it was, and plenty of history to show that those men well understood what they were doing. The men who framed that document knew very well that such an act would not have made this a Christian, but an unchristian nation, in the fullest sense of the word. Those men knew from the history of former nations,  which they had read with profit, and from their own ex-periences, that if they should in any manner recognize the Christian religion in the national Constitution, as supe-rior to any other religion, they would have subjected the religion of Jesus Christ to the courts of Csar in the de-cision of endless contests that would have arisen as to-which form of the Christian religion was intended. And they recognized the fact that, as in ages past, such a course would have been an appeal to the sword of civil power to enforce these decisions. And, remembering theŁ words of the Author of the Christian religion: "They that take the sword shall perish with the sword," they wisely refrained from an act that would have plunged the nation into a religious war, and possible blood-shed. They knew that if the religion of Christ was what it claimed to be, of divine origin, it was abundantly ableŁ to fight its own battles, and survive and do a better work if kept entirely separate from Caesar; and that an appeal to Caesar would have been a denial of its own claims and principles. They also knew that the religion of the Bible had toŁ do with the individual and not with majorities; but that even to insert the name of its Author in the supreme law of the land would have subjected the Bible and all usages. of the Christian religion to the dictations of majorities. They knew that such an act would have been a denial of the foundation principle of ProtestantismŠthat of indi-viduality in all matters of conscience. They also knew, and that from history, that to have even recognized the Christian religion as superior to any other religion, would have legalized Christianity, thus making a legal religion, which is a contradiction or terms. And then that which was legalized would not, have been in any sense the Christian religion, for the reli-gion of Christ cannot be legalized. They also knew that the principles, the laws, and the institutions of the Christian religion related alone to the spiritual needs of man, and that they were infinitely above any government on earth,Šthat these would con-tinue when earthly governments were no more. They knew (that which all others might know, if they would) that it was not in the power of civil government to produce, to perfect, or even to propagate a good mil" gion. And these men knew that to have given religious. zealots any opportunity whatsoever in the law, would have made the Bible, and Bible questions, and the con-sciences of men, the merest footballs of courts and juries. They knew that the results would have been bitter perse-cution. All this, and more, was well known at the time the national Constitution was framed, and is now well known to some, and may be well known to all who will read history to a purpose. These things may be found in the correspondence, in the debates and public speeches, in the early conventions, and in petitions, memorials, and re- 