AMERICAN SENTINEL. 629 Christian religion to soldiers and sailors; forbid the elec-tion or appointment of a clergyman to any political of-flee; and let the.so-called American principle of the sep-aration of Church and State drive God and his Christ and his Word and his rule and his kingdom and his clerical representatives out of the official life of this nation. Let it not be only Catholic Indian schools or Catholic char-ities that are 'sectarian.' Let Protestant schools, and Protestant teachers, and Protestant ministers, and Prot-estant institutions fall under the same ban. It is Prot-estants who are prescribing this treatment. Let them take their own medicine." Rome frequently displays the virtue of being consist-ent, and does so in this instance. The Protestant pre-scribers should not refuse to take their own medicine, and cannot refuse without standing discredited in the public views. But Rome does not want the Protestant bodies to "take their medicine," and of course, knows full well that they will not do so. Her object is to force them to desist from their opposition to herself, by exposing their inconsistency in the matter. Let it be noted that the Church of Rome stands fully abreast of any Protestant church in claiming that the American principle of separation of Church and State drives "God and his Christ and his Word and his rule and his kingdom . . . out of the official life of this na-tion." The Church of Rome does not admit that all this can be in the official life of the nation without having Protestantism first driven out; and on the other hand, the "national reform" Protestant bodies are equally positive that the rule of God and his Word in the seat of national government is entirely incompatible with any recognition of the Church of Rome. The principle which leads any religious body to seek for governmental sup-port of its principles, dogmas, or institutions, is an in-tolerant principle, and always leads to bitter sectarian strife. It is not a Christian principle in any sense. If the Roman Catholic Church be a sect, the Protest-ant Church is likewise a sect, for the two bodies stand over against each other. And when any Protestant body calls for a non-sectarian government, it calls for'its own exclusion, and that of all other religious,  bodies, either singly or combined, from, any position of government patronage or aid. THE attempt to suppress immorality by civil law when logically and consistently carried out, leads directly to the establishment of the Inquisition. Attention ! As noted in another column, the special offer on our premium Bible closes October 22. Before that date, the SENTINEL one year and this superb Bible can be secured for only $3. After that date the price will be $3.50. Remember the offer closes October 22. All orders dated on or before October 22 will be honored. How United States Chaplains are Appointed. THE following is taken from an article in the Inde- pendent (N. Y.), of September 23, by a writer who signs himself "One Who Knows :"Š "In the discussions, in the Independent, on the ap-pointment of chaplains at West Point and in the army these statements have appeared: " 'The present chaplain at West Point was nominated in the usual way, on the recommendation of the Academie Board and the Board of Visitors.' " 'The same rule applied in other cases results in the choice of a Catholic, or a Baptist, or a Methodist, a Pres-byterian or other denominationalist. The general pref-erence governs, we suppose.' "`We had supposed, and we still suppose, that these selections are made in obedience to denominational pref-erences of officers and men.' "These statements indicate a lack of reliable informa-tion. 'The general preference,' the denominational pref-erences of officers and men,' at local army posts or com-mands, never govern these selections. In two cases, known to the writer of this, the dominant Protestant Episcopal official element at two army posts secured the appointment of two men of their own faith, and here there was no expression of the 'general preference,' and the 'denominational preferences' of the 'men' were not . considered for a moment. In every other instance, for many years past, from personal knowledge, it is believed that army posts and army people have had scarce any-thing to do with these appointments. They are made just as other appointments to government offices are madeŠeither as a matter of personal favoritism or through political influence. "And this is one of the sorriest features of this whole business. Whenever a vacancy occurs there are a multi-tude of applicants for the position, say two or three hun-dred of them. I could give you the history of a number of these appointments,, in which, in several instances, through personal favoritism, incompetent, and even un-worthy men have been foisted into this office, who dis-graced themselves and the service. In a recent instance a man, who had been an active and influential politician, was appointed chaplain to gratify a warm personal friend and former political associate, who was a member of the president's cabinet, though he was so old when he ac-cepted the position that he had less than five years to serve before retirement on the score of age. Of course no man at that age should be appointed to this position. In another instance a man was appointed who was a, local politician, and at the time of his appointment was running a paper in a small town, and who as a minister had no record of success or acceptability entitling him to be considered for such a place; and his appointment was made at the individual request of a relative, who at the time was the most influential member of the president's cabinet, and who desired to provide his sister an assured livelihood. Another was appointed, a worthy man with a good record, in part at least, because he happened to be the pastor of the family of the secretary of war. An-other owed his appointment to the fact that he had a. brother-in-law prominent in political life, a warm friend of the president's and from the same State. Another, when appointed, had the good fortune to be the son of a, 