88- THE AMERICAN  SENTINEL. VOL 4, N0. 11. TI2e An2eFica Ber2th2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL 3, 1889. NoTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. A LETTER containing a draft for $500 to be used in placing the AMERICAN SENTINEL before leading men of intelligence, was one of the items of our mail last week. To say that we appreciate such items would be a mild statement. In this instance the gift shows the more devotion to the cause which the SENTINEL advocates, because the man was disabled in the war, and the money is part of a back pension that he received. How many others are there who have similar devotion to the cause ? ON the first page of "Sunday Laws and Sun-day Liberty," a document published by the New York Sabbath .Committee, occurs the following paragraph:Š "Our Sunday laws grew out of the observance of the Lord's day, which the earliest colonists brought with them to these shores, and which was deeply rooted in their religious convictions." Exactly; and thus the very argument upon which the Sunday-law people depend most, to prove that Sunday is an American, and therefore a civil, institution, shows that it is un-American and wholly religious. Sunday laws are laws re-specting, an establishment of religion, and they are nothing else. Thus the Blair Sunday-Rest bill is in direct opposition to the first amendment to the Constitution. "Civil Government and Religion." THAT the two have nothing to do with each other, except for each to leave the other alone to do its own work in its own way, and that any in-terference of the one with the other invariably leads to bad results, is what is clearly shown in a pamphlet of 176 pages, with the above title, written by Alonzo T. Jones, of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL. The little book is the outgrowth of sev-eral lectures delivered in Minneapolis, in October, 1888. Much interest was awakened by the lect-ures at the time, and many requests were made for them to be furnished in such shape that they could be studied. Accordingly they were written out from the short-hand notes, revised and ex-panded, and the result is something that will well repay careful study. Following is the com-plete tables of contents:Š CHAPTER 1.ŠWHAT IS DUE TO GOD, AND WHAT TO CIESAR ?ŠMoral Law and Civil Law ComparedŠSin and Crime DefinedŠGod the only Moral GovernorŠThe Principle Expressed by Christ is the Principle Embodied in the Amer-ican Constitution. CHAPTER 2.ŠTHE POWERS THAT BE.ŠAn Exposition of Romans 13 :1 by Examples from Holy WritŠHow Earthly Governments are Or-dained of GodŠThe Powers of Rulers Limited by the Will of the People. CHAPTER 3.ŠTHE GOSPEL OF LIBERTY.ŠThe Roman Religion Exalted the Power of the StateŠThe Rites of the Roman WorshipŠMar-tyrs to Roman Power. CHAPTER 4.ŠTHE RELIGIOUS ATTACK UPON THE UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION, AND THOSE  WHO ARE MAKING IT.ŠPROPOSED AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION, RESPECTING THE ESTAB-LISHMENT OF RELIGION AND FREE PUBLIC SCHOOLSŠIts Fallacy ExposedŠQuotations from National ReformersŠWhat They Want to See in Our Government. CHAPTER 5.ŠRELIGIOUS LEGISLATION.ŠThe Proposed Religious Amendment to the Constitu-tionŠThe Amendment ArraignedŠWhat Would Be the Result of Its Becoming a LawŠThe Amend-ment Unconstitutional and Antichristian. CHAPTER 6.ŠTHE SUNDAY LAW MOVEMENT IN THE FOURTH CENTURY, AND ITS PARALLEL IN THE NINETEENTH.ŠThe Development of the PapacyŠThe Papacy a False TheocracyŠCon-stantine's Sunday LawŠThe Church Secures the Aid of the State to Enforce ItŠResulted in the InquisitionŠThe Present Demand for a Theoc-racyŠThe Power of the State Sought for the Sup-port of ReligionŠWhat Will be Sacrificed to Se-cure It. CHAPTER 7.ŠTHE WORKINGS OF A SUNDAY LAw.ŠThe Arkansas CasesŠThe Supreme Court DecisionŠRepeal of the LawŠSome Facts Worthy of Notice in the Arkansas Indictment. In four appendices are given some statements of prominent citizens of Arkansas in regard to the workings of the Arkansas Sunday law; the Blair bill, with the changes desired by the American Sabbath Union ; the Declaration' of In-dependence; and the Constitution of the United States. From the above it will be seen that the book is packed full of live matter, and that it covers a wide range of thought. Those who wish to become intelligent in regard to the working of so-called National Reform, should secure this book. It is absolutely unanswerable, and no Na-tional Reformer will ever attempt to answer it. If one should, he would find in chapter 7Š" The Workings of a Sunday Law"Šsomething that would puzzle him to explain away. We com-mend that chapter in particular to those who are inclined to plead or apologize for Sunday laws of any kind whatever. This chapter is no fancy sketch, but is simply a presentation of hard facts which may be verified by the court records. Get the book and read it, and see that each one of your friends has a copy. Price, 25 cents. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal., or 43 Bond Street, N. Y. Ł lŁ THE Pearl of Days says:Š " The first section of a freight train on the Penn-sylvania Railroad, stopped at the east end of the Raritan River Bridge, in New Brunswick, N. J., Sunday morning:  February 24, when the second section crashed into it. One engine, a caboose, and seven cars were wrecked. The cars were burned, with their contents, of general merchandise. The pecuniary loss is heavy. Sunday trains are not remunerative in any case. When will railroad officers awake to the fact ?" What nonsense! The American Sabbath Un-ion must be hard pressed for argument. One not acquainted with facts, would gather from that that Sunday railroad trains are invariably wrecked, and would naturally infer that railroad trains are exempt from accident on other days than Sunday. Railroad accidents are never re-munerative, but they are no more liable to occur one day in the week than another. Even grant-ing that the Lord has a special regard for Sun-day, the Sunday folks should know that he doesn't settle up his accounts once a week. Sun-day railroad trains are as remunerative as those of any other day. Annual Meeting. NOTICE is hereby given that the annual meeting of the Society of the Seventh-day Adventist Church of Oakland will be held Wednesday, April 3, 1889, at half-past seven o'clock P. M., at the house of wor-ship of said society, S. E. corner Twelfth .and Brush Streets, in the city of Oakland, Cal. The object of the meeting is the election of a Board of five Trus-tees, and the transaction of such other business as may be presented. W. N. GLENN, Sec. Oakland, March 20,1889. Notice to Subscribers. A FEW hundred subscriptions expire with this issue of the SENTINEL. Please examine the address label on your paper this week and see if your time is out or will expire soon. Our terms are cash in advance, so please renew at once and thus avoid missing any numbers. Price, $1.00 per year, or if you send us five subscriptions at $1.00 each, we will send you the weekly AMERICAN SENTINEL one year free. The time of those who subscribed for the monthly paper, and whose date on the address label reads June, 89, expires with the weekly issue of March 27; those of July, 89, with weekly issue of April 10 ; those of August, 89, with April 24; of September, on May 8; of October, on May 22 ; of November, on June 5 ; and of December, on June 26. This closes up all the old monthly sub-scriptions. The Atonement. AMONG other vital doctrines of the Bible which have tool° battle for their existence in the cultured and religious world of to-day, none is more important than that of the atonement. How God can be " just and the justifier of him that believeth in Jesus," is what many candid, intelligent, reasoning minds can not comprehend, especially in the light of what is represented as the atonement by many theologians of to-day. Logical minds demand consistency, and the loose theories of the present are'utterly inconsistent. Some follow a theory to its conclusion and become Universalists. Other theories force men to become ultra-Calvinists or to reject the atonement entirely;  and they generally reject the atonement. The true theory leads to no such conclusion. As the atonement is the great central doc-trine, or rather that which comprehends all doctrines of the Bible, a proper understanding of it is necessary in order that the many winds of doctrine in these last days do not unsettle faith in the word of God. Among the many works written on this subject, no one sets it forth more clearly than " The Atonenient in the Light of Nat-ure and the Revelation," by J. H. Waggoner. The arguments made are so clear and logical that all may comprehend them;  at the same time, they stimulate thought, and lead the mind into unexplored fields not less fruitful than delightful, as the plan of man's redemptionŠthe bringing of man into at-one-ment with GodŠis developed by the author. Some of its chapter headings are as follows: (Part I) Comparison of Nature and Morality, The Moral System, Requirements of the Moral System; (Part II) Principles of the Divine Government, Sin and Its Penalty, Justification and Obedience, What the Atonement Is, The Judgment, Redemption. Added to these sixteen chap-ters are two appendices, illustrating and amplifying Justification by Grace, and comparing, or contrasting, the teachings of Con-fucius and Mahomet with the gospel of Christ. It is a book which every minister, and which everyone who wishes to be-come intelligent in the Scriptures, ought to have. The positions taken in Part I on the atonement in the light of nature, have been commended by eminent jurists who have examined them. The work can be procured at this office, or at the office of Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond Street, N. Y. Price, $1.00. WANTED.ŠSalesmen for Cram's Superior U. S. and World Map, State maps, charts, etc. They sell rapidly because the people need them, want them, and will have them. Com-mission very liberal. For terms and territory, address their general agent, A. K. ATTEBEKRY, Keenville, Ill. - Ł ŁŁŁ  SErSIxTy assorted back numbers (four different dates) of the American Sentinel sent,  post-paid for $1. Just the paper to hand to your neighbor or mail to a friend. All about the National Reform movement, the Sunday question, the Blair bills, etc. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1,00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. -1 Ł I. 