THE AIVIEJoaCAN SENTINEL, 235 things not immediately or primarily re-specting the soul, but the body; worldly." The contrast implied by the use of this word cannot be ignored. According to the definition quoted above, the word " secular " is opposed to religious and spiritual; and we are surprised that any-one should say that in such laws " neither the religious nor the irreligious character of the acts,  forbidden is assumed." It is impossible to forbid " secular " labor or business without assuming the religious character of the acts permitted, or rather the religious character of the acts to which the day is to be devoted. Substituting the definition for the word " secular," we have this paraphrase of that portion of the Blair Bill which pro-hibits secular work or business on Sunday : " No person, or the agent, or servant, or employe, of any person or corporation, shall perform on Sunday, or authorize to be performed, any work, labor, or busi-ness pertaining to this world, or to things not spiritual or holy, works of necessity and mercy excepted." NOW the bill means just the 'same with the word " secular " in it that it does with the definition of the word, and it means no more than do the Sunday laws of very many bf the States. The fact is, that Sunday laws are made because of the regard that people have for the day as a religious institution, and the so-called civil basis for it is a recent dis-covery, sought out for the purpose of meeting the arguments against such leg- islation. C. P. B. Centralization. THE Blair Educational Bill, "to aid in the establishment and temporary support of common schools, " and which was de-feated in the Senate, has been introduced in the House by Mr. Cheatham, and was called up in a meeting of the House Edu-cation Committee on June 27, when, seven Republican members being present, all vo-ted to report the bill. It has since been reported favorably to the House, by the chairman of the Committee. July 12, Mr. McComas from the House Education Committee reported favorably the bill which has already passed the Sen-ate ( S. 3714) to apply a portion of the proceeds of the public lands t® the more complete endowment and support of the colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanical arts. This last bill appropriates the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, with an annual increase of one thousand dollars for ten years, and an annual sum thereafter of twenty-five thousand dollars to be paid to each State and Territory, to aid in the endowment and maintenance of agricult-ural colleges. The sums annually appro-priated are directed, by the provisions of the bill, to be paid to the treasurers of the respective colleges, and " such treasurers shall be required to report to the Secretary of ,Agriculture, and to the Secretary of  the Interior, on or before the first day of September of each year, a detailed state-ment of the amount so received and of its disbursement ;" also "an annual re-port by the president of each of said colleges shall be made to the Secretary of Agriculture, as well as to the Secretary of the Interior, regarding the condition and progress of each college, including statis-tical information in relation to its receipts and expenditures, its library, the number of its students and professors, etc." The Secretary of the Interior is charged with the proper administration of the law. This bill had its origin and growth in the same atmosphere which produced the Blair Educational Bill, and the Blair Ed-ucational Amendment, and was accom-panied by a printed report from Senator Blair. Some of the more objectionable features of the measure, as.  it was first attempted to be passed, were eliminated, but enough remains to show the ear marks of a determined effort to centralize educa-tional control in the general Government. Senators Morgan, Reagan, Hawley, and Plumb opposed most earnestly the clauses which placed these State institu-tions under the supervision of United States authority; and to them it is due that Congress did not commit itself to the passage of a bill which in express terms assumed the right of the central Govern-ment to exercise a supervision over State institutions of learning. Senator Mor- gan said :Š It seems to me, Mr. President, that the Senator from Vermont is lending himself to a scheme here for the purpose of introducing into the act of 1862 certain new features which imply that the Congress of the United States shall take the control of educa-tion in the States where these colleges are situated, and that the schools shall be regulated by a law passed here and by administrative measures en-acted here. . . . If any one thing has ever occurred in the history of the legislation of the United States to prove that the States are the proper guardians of public education, the history of the act of 1862 establish-ing the agricultural colleges is the best proof that could be adduced. At a proper time, I shall ask these gentlemen in this body, who have committed themselves against the propositions of the interfer-ence of Congress in the administration of public schools in the States, to strike out of this bill what is proposed to be inserted here and which is en-tirely unnecessary. Senator Reagan followed Senator Mor-gan, saying :Š Before I proceed with the criticisms I desire to make upon the bill, I will say that it seems to me the purpose of the bill is to fix upon our legislation the principle that Congress is to go into the States, take charge of educational institutions, and regu-late what is to be done with them. That was a principal argument made against an educational bill which has been urged with great ability and persistency here. It seems to me now, if we con-sent to adopt this bill in the form in which it is pre-sented by the committee, it takes away all argu-ments in the future that Congress has no right to control the schools,  of the State. I wish to add here that it seems to be upon the theory of a great many leading men in New En-gland, almost a New England idea, that the Con-stitution of the United States is to be overthrown by the enlargement of the powers of the Federal  Government, and by the abridgment of the powers of the States, and this is one of the means of doing it. This is a serious indictment, and, most unfortunately, it is a true bill. W. H. M. The Sunday Paper Again. PITTsFiELD, Massachusetts, is a city of fifteen or sixteen thousand inhabitants, and has of course several papers. One of these, the Call, is published on Sunday. We are not informed that its publishers make any profession of religion, but one of its editors is a church member. At a recent meeting of the official board of the church to which he belongs, it was voted that one of the brethren be requested to see the editor and expostulate with him in reference to his publishing the Call on Sunday, and to request him either to change the date of publication or with-draw from the church. To this the editor, made reply in the next issue of his paper as follows:Š The Call has been published in this city for the past eighteen months. The editors of the paper (not the publisher, for its editors have no ownership in the property, and are simply employes,) have tried to maintain the standard they first set up when a Sunday paper was thought of, and that was to pub-lish a clean paper. . . . We make no boast, but we claim that no.paper in Berkshire County makes a greater effort to keep its columns clean and pure than our own. Quack medicines of the " Penny-royal Pills " order, " Errors of Youth," or quack doctors have no place in the Call. Many of the religious journals cannot say so much. Not because they are not offered us, but because me will not take them. We deal in no sensations and we print as much church news as any paper in Berkshire. The Call is printed late Saturday nights, and the work of its getting out is done largely on Saturday. The Monday paper which the good brother who brought up the resolution reads so gladly, is all made on Sunday. This same brother we refer to has no scruples about hitching up his horse of a Sunday afternoon and riding over the highways of Berk-shire, and in which we are of the opinion that he does no harm; excepting as he draws the line of Sunday observance. The date of publication of the Call will not be changed. We find that the good people of this city and county patronize us well; and we, on the other hand, attempt to give them a readable and clean journal for their education, and we hope, their profit. We have the highest respect for religious things, and advocate good order, morals and all that makes men and a community better. The Call is willing to compare records with the over-zealous brother who wants to excommunicate one of the editors of this paper. Its sole harm lies in the fact that it is read on Sunday. The Call has no disposition to attack the church, and whether excommunicated or not, we shall hold in the highest love and heartfelt devotion the church to which we have always been proud to know we belonged, whether we have always walked in its ways faultlessly or not. We shall not withdraw. The board has the right to expel, and no one questions that, after a hearing and proper charges are preferred. . . . The editors of the Call await the action of the board, as expressed in their resolution, with interest. The fight about Sunday papers may as well be met here as anywhere. As we said before, for the people of our faith, for the church of our choice, and for the esteemed pastor of that flock, we have now and always shall maintain the highest regard and affection. 