556 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. News, Notes . . . and Comment THE question of allowing Sunday opening of stores has, become an issue between Jews and Chris-tians in Boston, says the Boston Globe. The Jews, on the strength of permission they claim to have received from, the city government;have their stores wide open on Sunday, and the " ehristians' are complaining that this gives their Hebrew rivals an ..undue share of the profits of trade, notwithstanding the Hebrew stores, are closed on Saturday. The police department has announced that it will en-force Sunday closing on Jews and Christians alike. ° It appears from this that the " Christian " store-keepers concerned in this agitation are desirous of observing the day they believe to be the Sabbath, provided it does not involve a sacrifice on their part. But that is not Christianity at all; for there is no worship and service of God acceptable to him with-out sacrifice. He that regardeth the kingdom of God as dear at any price, will never get into it. - .9 w4  ANOTHER Sunday-closing campaign in Chicago .has been organized by thes Butchers and Grocery Clerks' Association' of" this city " A report was re-ceived' from the Employer's Association," says the Daily News; "recommending that the clerks and em-ployers work together in the effort to close all re-tail stores in Chicago Sundays. Statistics Were'in-troduced showing that the merchants who haye kept open Sundays have, as a rule, lost by it'." It is further stated that "work will be' started among the labor--ing classes' to secure an endorsement of Sunday Closing." The statement that " merchants who have kept open Sundays have, as a rule, lost by it " is worthy of note. If it is not profitable to rlceeP one's -store open on Sunday surely there is no force in the oft-heard - plea that Sunday trading is unfair to the conscien-tious shop-keeper who wants to observe Sunday as the Sabbath. er4 Is denial of the doctrine of government by con-sent of the governed, exemplified in the conquest of foreign territory, already reacting at home in these -MR. WU'S PERTINENT. QUESTI9N. From the New York Tribune. SENATOR EUGENE HALE,' Of Maine, _told recently with-amused chagrin of a passage at arms he °had With Mr. Wu, the Chinese minister. "The_ treatment of the missionaries in the far East was under discus-sion, and the senator had trotted Out a number of instances of maltreatment, and even worse,,that the Missionaries had-met with at the hands of their East-ern brethern. Ł The senator then pointed' out to the minister, that this was hardly the way in which the missionary should be received; and. that a.lih,erty of faith should be accorded their subjects by Eastern rulers. All through this homily the Chinese minis--ter had grinned_ sympathetically, but a trifle de-- risively. " Liberty of religious thought, eh? " Wu inquired tentatively, when his chance came. " You not al-ways  give liberty*of religious thought in :this counT  try; you sometimes persecute the missionary in these great United States, I think?" To this, needless to say, the junior senator from -the Pine Tree State in terpOsed a vigorous denial. - " No, you never do such things here, never! You 'never perseCute the poor missionary! You are too high-minded. ',You have too much freedom of thought for that!" And here Wu's derisive smile grew diabolical. " How about .that Levantine affair?" " Levantine affair? " was the puzzled inquiry. "Ye; Levantine affair; affair at Levant. What did you do there? " -United States, in cheapening the estimation in which blackmen are held by Anglo-Saxons? Do the race riots in such cities as New York, and Akron, Ohio, signify anything of this kind? The supposition is not a far-fetched one. And a contempt for the colored race is not a pirofitiable acquisition for America at this time. There is material on hand, if that. feel-ing holds. sway; for unlimited rioting. North as well as South. .04 THE Michigan Christian Advocate calls attention to the fact that so far as the army is concerned the United States are behind France in the matter of temperance. - The French canteen, instead of selling wine and beer, supplies the soldiers with tea, coffee and cocoa. 