358 Alt/1811U CAN iglarktrriNIEIL. V oL. 11, No. 45 come to have different Gods, and so the unity of the family has been broken. He forbade the taking of his name in vain, for that sacred name must ever have the power to lift us nearer him, and so nearer each other. He commanded the observance of the Sabbath as a weekly memorial that the only true God was the Creator. If all men worshiped the Creator they would worship the one God. They would find, too, an infinity of beauty in every flower he had made, an infinity which with all their microscopes they could not fathom. This is true of all' his works. If they cannot fathom the work, how can they measure the worker, or feel that they know all his truth ? God's Law a Law of Love. No, those who truly worship the Creator can never write out their creed, but must ever humbly walk into the infinity of his truth, nearer him, and therefore ever nearer each other. Murder, theft, adultery, false-hood, and the dishonor of parents were all forbidden, and the opposite enjoined, that the joys of living, of property, of the family relation, and of the home life might all be sacredly guarded. The law of God is the nat-ural law of happiness and life, as the laws of meteorology are the natural laws of rain and snow. It is a statement of the eternal prin-ciples in accordance with which is happiness and life, as the laws of meteorology are the statement of these conditions and principles accordance with which brings rain and snow. God did not say do so and so, and I will let you live, but do otherwise and I will kill you. On the contrary, in infinite wis-dom he foreknew, and in infinite love he foretold, the principles of happiness and life, saying, This way my child, and thou shalt live; do not go that way for there is misery and death. Thus God's law is a law of love. Yet God did not compel men to obey that law, but made them as free to disobey as to obey, seeking to win them by love to an accord with the everlasting principles of love. He left them thus free because he is love, and because love is by its very nature opposed to all diminishment of freedom, and therefore to all forced restraint. Forced obedience, even to the principles of happiness, would itself be an imperfection of happiness and an impedi-ment to its perfect realization. Not a Kingdom of Force. No, God's kingdom is not the kingdom of arbitrary force: it is the kingdom of love. Its territory is the mighty universe,Šinfinite space peopled with worlds, and each world peopled with intelligent beings subject to the law of love of which we have spoken. This world was only one of the States in the United States of God. God, the fountain of all life; with him Christ, in all things having the pre8minence with God above all others; beneath them the angels, and a little lower than the angels, man and other beings in other worlds corresponding to man in this world, created to inhabit those worlds, as man was to inhabit this, and as the angels were to inhabit heaven; then under man, and the beings corresponding to him, the various orders of animal life, looking up to him as master, as he was to look up to God. And in all this holy mountain of life they were not to hurt or destroy, but love was to be the only band that should bind; but it, with its silken fetters lighter than the spider's web, yet stronger than steel, was to unite each to all the others and all to God. It is true, sin has come in here. This world has seceded from the government of God, and joining Satan has established a kingdom on principles of rebellion. But God has not abdicated even here, but through Christ, and the power of redeeming love, continues his authority. Theie are two king-doms here now, and when a man is truly converted, the Bible says he is " translated out of the kingdom of darkness into the kingdom of his dear Son." No, God has not abdicated, but he is yet to be supreme even here, and on every hilltop, where for a little time there has waved the black standard of the man of sin, there shall forever float the white pennon of the Prince of Peace. The Flag of that Kingdom. God's ideal is to be realized in spite of sin and Satan, and " every creature which is in heaven and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in them," shall be heard saying, " Blessing and honor, and glory and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and to the Lamb forever and ever." The triumph of this kingdom of love will be the triumph of love over hatred and force, and of truth over falsehood and wrong. The kingdom of God, as such, is never manifest as a kingdom of arbitrary force, and in the full realization of that divine kingdom there can be no place left anywhere for the exercise of such force. God the King is love, and the divine love will have conquered and com-pletely subdued all the subjects, so that each being perfectly won by the power of love to the principles of the law of love, will please to do nothing contrary to those principles. Eich will therefore throughout eternity do precisely what he pleases to do, and liberty will be perfect and complete. Toward this sublime end, God is working. God is love, and arbitrary force is opposed to his nature, for arbitrary force is a limitation of the lib-erty of love, and God would have that liberty unlimited and therefore complete. When his kingdom is fully victorious, the kingdoms of force and Łof intrigue and arbitrary povl er, will be as the chaff of the summer threshing-floors, and the wind of this divine, and mighty conquest will carry them away that no place shall be found for them. The flag represents the principles of the kingdom, and we read: "_His banner over me was love." A CASE OF RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION. [H. L. Wayland, D. D.; in, N. Y. Independent, Nov. 6.1 THE only safety for religious liberty lies in the absolute and entire severance of Church from State. The disposition to per-secute seems inherent in human nature. Archbishop Whately once quoted the nursery rhyme,Š " Up'stairs, downstairs, in a lady's chamber, Find an old man there who won't say his prayers, Take him by the left leg and throw him downstairs." and added the comment: " See in these lines, dating back from time immemorial, the ant-iquity of religious persecution and the in-veterate disposition of mankind toward it." The comment (like the same author's " His-toric Doubts as to the Existence of Napoleon Bonaparte") was both witty and forcible. Men love to persecute; they will persecute if they get the chance. The only way to avoid the extreme of persecution is to guard against its beginnings. Recently three Christian ministers of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination held meetings in Kent County, Ontario. Their success aroused the jealousy of members of other denominations, and a society was formed to watch them, which reported that they had  been seen laboring on Sunday, putting up a meeting house for their denomination. It was not pretended that anyone was disturbed by their labors; but a complaint was entered. The Queen's Counsel held that the law in the case was not clear. Justice Forham refused to issue a summons, saying that, sooner than do so, he would resign his office. At last a compliant magistrate was found. The law forbade men to "exercise their ordinary call-ing." It was urged in defense that slacking lime and mixing mortar were not the "ordi-nary calling" of . these ministters; but this ground was overruled. The defense urged the proclamation of Queen Victoria, 1858, as follows:Š Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christian-ity, and acknowledging with gratitude the solace of religion, we disclaim alike the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in any wise favored, none molested or disquieted, by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that they shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who may be in authority under us that they abstain from all interference with the re-ligious belief or worship of any of our subjects, on pain of our highest displeasure. But this royal proclamation the magistrate promptly waived aside as not applying. The defense urged this very strong ground, which we have never seen taken before: God com-manded men to sanctify the seventh day. In the belief of the defendants this command has never been modified. In giving to the first day the same honor with that given to the seventh day, they believe that they would be robbing the divinely appointed Sabbath of its preeminence. But all was vain. The magistrate convicted them and sentenced them to fines of $10 and $15 respectively, with costs, and, in default of payment, to serve out their sentence in jail at 25 cents a day. An appeal was taken to the higher court, and the case was argued before Chief Justice Meredith and two associate justices. The judgment of the lower court was affirmed, but without costs, which leaves the costs to be paid by the prosecutors. This action of the Supreme Court was equivalent to saying that the Court considered that the case was one of petty persecution, and, while the pros-ecutors had a legal right to carry on the case, they must do it at their own expense. The Chief Justice added: "We think there is evidence by which we might have come to another conclusion had the case been before us at the first." But the sentence remained in force. Two of the ministers served their time in the Chatham jail; the third, for some reason, has not yet been imprisoned. Will not all friends of religious liberty in the Province of Ontario and the Dominion of Canada proclaim the great principle which forbids persecution for religion's sake and which refrains the State from enforcing re-ligious observances ? There is a lesson here worthy of being heeded, at a time when excellent but mis-guided men are advocating an amendment to our National Constitution by which God shall be recognized as Ruler of the universe, and the Lord Jesus Christ as King among the nations. It will hardly be claimed that its advocates mean it as anything more than a form of words. They do not intend to dis-franchise the Jew, the Unitarian, the Ag-nostic, the non-Christian; but, if the amend-ment is not to mean what it says, why say it? If, however, the amendment is to mean any-thing, then it may be made the cover of just such' persecution as has been above described. The amendment is either futile or oppressive. 