186 AM Taac.A.N. VoL. 10, No. 24. tally resigned their government into the hands of that eminent tribunal. Andrew Jackson, when President of the United States, vetoed a bill for the recharter-ing of the National Bank, upon the ground that it was unconstitutional, notwithstanding the fact that the Supreme Court of the United. States had passed upon that very question, and had declared such a law to be constitu-tional: but President Jackson very properly declared that he was sworn to support the Constitution as he understood it and not as others understood it. This is undoubtedly the correct principle, not only of American Government, both State and national, but of common law as well. And no judge, and no prosecuting attorney, is under any obligation to enforce an unconstitutional statute, which to him must be such as he believes to be un-constitutional, unless under specific and defi- nite order from a competent tribunal in the identical case at bar; when the act ins law is not his but the act of the tribunal issuing the order. For instance, were a prosecuting attorney to refuse to prosecute a case arising under a law which he deemed unconstitutional, the judge of the court might order him to proceed and to prosecute the case, and it would be his duty.' to obey the order of the court; but he is bound by no decision either of that court or of any other court in any other case, and it .is his sworn duty to administer the law and support the Constitution as he himself understands it. This Principle in Tennessee. This principle has been observed, too, in the State of Tennessee by her ordinary court officers. Some years ago, a justice of the peace, who was then, and still is, a practicing attorney in Henry County, Tenn., held the Sunday statute of that State to be unconstitu-tional, in so far as it is applied to the observ- ers of the seventh day. And that there are those also who follow the law rather than the statute in this matter among the prosecuting attorneys of Tennessee, will appear from the following private letter, dated December 22, 1891:Š When I wasŠfrom 1878 to 1887Šthe attorney-gen- eral of , I absolutely refused to make my office the medium through which to indict and pimish men who toiled six days and then asserted their right to worship God under their own vine and fig tree accord-ing to the dictates of conscience. The very moment the legislatures of American States declare (and that declaration is carried into effect) that men shall (without reference to their creed) have one Sunday, and that the Sunday of modern Chris-tianity, commonly, known as the Sabbath, shall be alike kept holy by every man under a penalty for its violation, you sound the death knell of American re-publicanism and open the way for a religious inquisi-tion as infamous, devilish, and.ungodly as was that of Italy. Our forefathers, with prophetic vision, saw the danger of commingling the affairs of Church and State, and, with a wisdom Ł as consumnfate as it was politic, they laid the very foundatidn of this Government upon the idea that religion should never have any part or identity with the civic ma-chinery. . Ten or twelve years ago when I was the owner and editor of the daily Š here (being attorney-general at the same time), the preachers howled from their pul-pits on the duty of the attorney-general to rigidly enforce the Sunday law. I replied to their criticisms and I think I got the best of the argumentŠat all events I did not yield my principles, and defied them to carry out their threat to impeach me. They did not do so; and from that day to this, the men of worship God in their own way and each creed selects its own day. The churches are protected in their right to worship as they may deem proper. but the a. By the use of the term " duty " in this connection we do not wish to be understood to argue that it is the duty of any civil official to be a party to the enforcement of an unjust statute. What is here meant by " duty " is that it would be required of the officer to obey the mandate of the court; but rather than be a party to injustice it is the duty of every offi-cial to resign his office. The mantle of ciyil authority cannot shield one from responsibility for a wrong act. " Every one of us shall give account of himself to God," Acting on this moral basis civil officials have been known to resign rather than inflict . an unjust penalty, and it is the proper course to pursue. man who does not feel like going to church on Sunday but prefers to do as seems best for himself, is allowed to go his way rejoicing, with none to make him afraid. All Sunday laws ought to be wiped from the stat-ute books and every man left free to pursue the line of worship dictated by his conscience. Oh, if it were possible to rebuild the public sentiment of thiscountry and model it after the plan of Richard M. Johnson, Jefferson, Washington, and the men of their day and generation! But instead of 'taking this view of the case and asserting their independence as men, and fearlessly doing their duty as judges and de-fending the rights of the people against the misconceptions of the Supreme Court, the Circuit Court judges and prosecuting-attor-neys of Tennessee have aided in the work of judicial legislation, and have actually added much to the Sunday law, even beyond what is necessarily involved in the decision of the Su-preme Court, in the Parker case which has been so blindly followed. Judge Swiggart's Charge. In his charge to the jury in the case Cf W. D. Dortch, tried in Henry County, at the January term of the Circuit Court in -1893, His Honor, Judge Swiggart charged as follows, upon the particular point 'of nui-sance:Š The law prohibits the citizens from following their daily avocations upon Sunday, and from performing secular labor on Sunday, works of necessity and char-ity- being excepted; but it is not an indictable offense fora man to perform one act on Sunday against the statute. The statute prescribes a fine recoverable before a justice of the peace for such acts of work on Sunday contrary to the statute. But it is a misdemeanor against the laws of Tennessee under the ruling laid down by our Supreme Court for any one to engage openly and publicly in secular work and to repeat and continue such acts of work on Sundays in such a manner as to constitute a nuisance, such labor not being works of necessity or charity, such work, being in such an open and public manner as to attract the attention of the public to it. Under the ruling, this would constitute a nuisance. How, Judge Parks Viewed It. This was exactly in harmony wi th the deci-sion of the Supreme Court which said that while " a single act may be liable only to the penalty prescribed by the statute, yet a succession of such acts becomes a nuisance and is indictable." But in the several cases at the March terns of the Circuit Court in Rhea County, Tenn., His Honor, Judge Parks, charged distinctly and repeat-edly, as follows 5:Š A single act of work on SUnday is not a nuisance in the eyes of the law unless that act be done in some peculiarly flagrant manner. One act is indictable if it is' done in this manner: if it will tend corrupt the public morals. The question for you to determine is whether the work performed by the defendant in this instance was of such a nature or character as to come under this head. Such was Judge Parks' charge upon this point, in the first Sunday ease tried before him; and each succeeding Charge was substan-tially the same. Of course, this charge left the jury an` opportunity to return a verdict of not guilty, upon the ground that the work was not done in a "peculiarly flagrant manner." As a matter of fact, two members of the jury did wish to bring in such a verdict upon that grounfl A temporary disagreement was the result, and the jury returned to court for fur-ther instructions. The judge then recharged them as follows:Š I charged you that one offense is not necessarily of itself a nuisance in the eyes of the law, but if it were done in an open and public way where the public might see itŠin a public place, and if it were.of such 4  Parker vs. the State, 16 Lea. The quotations from the charges of Judges Swiggart and Parks are from unofficial reports. But the writer, who heard them, believes them to be substantially correct. We sent Judge Parts a-copy of the extracts from his charge asking him to re-vise it, but have not, at the time of this writing, received any reply. a nature and character as to be a flagrant violation of the Sabbath, that would be an offense udder the law, and a verdict of guilty should be given. I also charged you that if the defendant did an act of secular work on Sunday, or if he had it done on Sunday, he should be found guilty. Now it is for you to judge from the evidence before you, whether or not the defend-ant, if he did.an act of secular work on Sunday, or if he had it done; whether or not it was done in an open and public way, and whether if it were, it amounted to a flagrant violation of the Sabbath as regarded by the law. In this recharge but little is left for the jury to decide. The judge plainly says: " charged you that if the defendant did an act of secular work on Sunday, or if he had it done on Sunday, he should be found guilty." It will be observed that there is a wide difference between the view taken of the law by Judge Swiggart and that entertained by Judge Parks. We have no reflections what-ever to cast upon either of these gentlemen. Doubtless both acted honestly and charged as they , understood the law. Judge Parks es-pecially showed clearly by his leniency when he came to the matter of sentence, and by subsequently recommending the pardon of the convicted parties, that lie had absolutely no malice in the matter; but notwithstanding this, his charge, taken in connection with the decision of the Supreme Court and with the charge of Judge Swiggart in a similar case, illustrates very forcibly the develop-ment of religious law by judicial legisla-tion. How the Courts Made the Law. It will be of interest to trace this matter from its inception to the present time. It was first held by Judge Caruthers, at Knoxville, in 1855 (3 Sneed 134), that profanity was indict-able notwithstanding the fact that the code of the State provided a fine of " fifty cents for every oath or curse." The judge held that while a single oath was punishable only under the statute, that " several oaths" constitute a nuisance and render the one uttering them liable to indictment. The next report of a case of this character occurs in 1871 in the case of the State vs. Steel (3 Heiskell 135). In this instance Judge Nelson followed the ruling of Judge Caruthers in the case which occurred in 1855. In September, 1877, comes the case of the State vs. Gaines (7 Lea 410), in which Judge Cooper, after quoting the two cases previously referred to, said:Š It was stated by the eminent judge who delivered the opinion of this court in the State vs. Graham, that an isolated act of profanity was only punishable under the Act of 1741 brought into the Code, Section 1725, which imposes a small pecuniary penalty for each oath recoverable before a justice of the peace. It is possible, however, to conceive of eases where even a single oath, either by its terms, its tone, or manner, might, under peculiar circumstances, be held to be a nui-sance. In the very next reported case, the State vs. Young (10 Lea 165), Judge Cooper himself takes advantage of this remarkable extension of law which he himself had made by judi-cial legislation, and says: " A single act of profanity would not ordinarily Łbe sufficient to convict the defendant; but as' we have stated, even a single oath, either by its terms or man- ner, or the circumstance under which it was uttered, might be a nuisance." He then holds that in this case a single oath was a nuisance. Such is the slender foundation upon which the courts of Tennessee have built, and upon which they have legislated. until they now hold that a single act of Sunday work which the statute provides shall be punished by a fine of three dollars, is indictable as a nuisance, and may be punished by any penalty under fifty dollars, at the discretion of, the jury, or above that sum, in the discretion of the judge. As we said before, we cast no reflections upon the judges who have by their rulings so 