THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 371 the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation; that they should seek the Lord, if haply they might feel after him, and find him." Acts 17 : 26, 27. Here are these churches who find themselves sorely in need of a power beyond themselves, and other than their own. But instead of meet-ing the Lord's mind and seeking him, and so setting a bright example to all men, they turn their backs upon the Lord and seek the Government of the United States, and feel after it,Š and they found it, too. The Church of Christ is the Lord's ap-pointed agency through which he would call men unto himself that they may find in him deliverance from this present evil world. Now here are these professed churches of Christ who find themselves overloaded with worldly influences and worldly practices. But instead of seeking the Lord for deliverance from this burden of evil, they seek by the chiefest of worldly means a closer alliance with the highest source of worldly influences and worldly practices! For deliverance from an evil which they know, they seek the very source of that evil!! For deliverance from the power of the world, they enter by force into the possession of the greatest worldly power !!! Was there ever a more complete apostasy than this? Could the example of the original apostate church be more ex- actly followed than it has been in this procedure? And in this even the Baptist Church is in large measure included. Even she who had always kept herself clear of such an illicit connection has been carried away in this evil tide of apostasy; and all together joined hands with the original apostate church to make successful their determination to secure the power of earthly government. VIOLATED VOWS AND BROKEN PLEDGES. Thus again have these, who had been espoused to Christ, who had been joined to him in the bonds of heavenly alliance, violated their vows and broken their mar-riage bonds to Him who is perfect in power, in love, and purity. Once more these have forsaken the heavenly power and sought for earthly power. They have forsaken the arm of the Lord and have put their confidence in the arm of flesh. They have forsaken the heavenly Husband and have formed an adulterous connection with an earthly lord. Once more the un- holy Church has formed an unholy con- nection with the unholy State. And once more the very first fruit of it is a national law expressive of her will in the matter of Sunday observance: and the rest of the baleful fruit of such illicit connection will inevitably follow. Is it at all strange, therefore, that the following passage should have been printed, even some time ago, by a leading D.D. in one of the lead-ing " Protestant ' papers of the country? Discussing the question of the reunion of Christendom, he argued for it against cer-tain ones, thus :Š You would exclude the Roman Catholic Church, the mother of us all, the church of scholars and saints, such as Augustine, and Aquinas, and Ber-nard, and Fenelon : the church of all races, ranks, and classes, which already gives signs of becoming American as well as Roman You would ex- clude also the Protestant Episcopal Church, the beautiful daughter of a beautiful mother. That was printed February 9, 1888, in the Evangelist, New York City, one of the two leading Presbyterian papers of the country. And from that time to this, never have we seen or heard a single word of protest or dissent from any of the pro- fessed evangelical Protestant churches of ;the country. This states their relationship To "Babylon, the mother of harlots," as that of daughters; and even beautiful daughters, after the "beautiful mother." Their silence is consent that the relation-ship is correctly stated. And their action in forsaking their rightful Lord and enter-ing into this illicit union with another is positive demonstration the relationship is herein correctly given. For just as cer-tainly as the original apostasy created " Babylon the mother of harlots and abom-inations of the earth," just so certainly this apostasy in our day and in our coun-try has created the harlot daughters of "Babylon the mother." She is the mother only of "harlots and abominations." By positive statement it has been said of them and for them that they are her daughters. By silence they have confessed it, and by action they have demonstrated it. And it is so. We are sorry; but so it is. A. T. J. -4- Ł The Only Proper Sunday Law. LAST week we published an article from the Christian Patriot in which it was as-serted thatŠ Sunday laws are not at all religious. They have two objects: first to secure everyone his right to a weekly day of rest; and, secondly, to prevent the disturbance by worldly noise and business of those who rest on Sunday. It seems strange that men will deny the religious character of Sunday laws, es-pecially in the face of scores of judicial decisions to the contrary. Two weeks ago we published an article giving a num-ber of these decisions, and many more might have been given. In his excellent work, " Law of Sunday," Hon. James T. Ringgold, of the Law Department of Johns Hopkins University, quotes numer-ous decisions sustaining five propositions, as follows :- 1. Sunday is a holy day. 2. The holiness of Sunday is to be recognized by remaining idle on that day; and not to so remain is to be immoral. 3. Sunday idleness is enforced as a religious duty in the individual. 4. There is a divine command that men shall be idle on Sunday ; and this command is an element of Christianity. 5. This divine command is a part of American constitutional law. These propositions are not a statement of Mr. Ringgold's convictions of truth, but are simply statements of what the courts have decided to be the law on the subject. Of course there are also de-cisions that Sunday is a civil institution; but that is true in a certain sense of any institution established by civil law. Any other religious institution might be made civil in exactly the same sense by simply entrenching it in the civil law. It is vain to deny the religious character of Sunday laws. Another point in the Patriot's article which demands further notice is its prop-osition thatŠ those who conscientiously and really observe any other day as a Sabbath should be exempted from the law, provided they do their Sunday work in such a way and at such a place as not to disturb the Sabbath quiet of the first day of the week. This very thing marks Sunday laws as religious. The proposition is to exempt from their provisions " conscientious ' observers of another day. Why not sim-ply observers of another day? Evidently because the purpose of the law is to secure a religious observance. Were this not the case a law requiring every man to  rest one day each week, and compelling employers to give their employees one day off each week, would fully meet the demands of nature for a day of rest. But it is a religious service which the law is, intended to secure, hence only those who yield this on another day are exempted from observing, at least outwardly, the day required by the civil law. The only proper Sunday law would be one exempting from its provisions the entire population of the country together with transient visitors of all descriptions. C. P. B. Religious Co-operation. THERE is a growing sentiment in favor of the federation of local churches in the work of social reform. This is the mean-ing of all the quasi-Christian and semi-churchly organizations whose existence and work are due to and demand the sac-rifice of Christians. The Evangelical Alliance, Peace Congress, Brotherhood of Christian Unity, Christian League, Civic Centre and many other organizations witness to the truth of this statement. The advocates of church union are neither modest nor hesitating. They have no doubts of the righteousness of their cause. There is to them no question as to the sincerity, honesty or principles of those who do not agree with them. Their ver-dict against them is given with no uncer-tain sound. Such as do not favor amal-gamation are schismatics, sectarians, here-tics. The objects set before Christians to be secured in co-operative effort are 1. " The crossing of denominational lines." 2. The evolution of the great sociologi-cal problems of our times. 3. " Co-operation with the real tendency of the world." (Carlyle calls this the in-sight of genius.) 4. To reunite the dismembered frag-ments of the church of Christ, i. e., secure universal organic church union. 5. The elimination of doctrine as vital to the Christian life. Removal of such creed statements or doctrinal beliefs as are objectionable to any. It may not be inopportune to point out the weaknesses in this scheme. I. It is well to remember that all at-tempts to realize organically the universal church ideas has led to the introduction of the grossest form of error: Co-opera-tion of churches in a given community under a single head. Co-operation of given communities through their sin-gle heads in a nation gives a national church. Co-operation of national churches through their heads is Roman Catholi-cism. And the State Church and the Ro-man Church mean the wildest forms of error enforced by the strong arm of the civil power unless the spirit of liberalism or of atheistic philosophy creates a public opinion which makes such enforcement impossible. For one thousand years Chris-tianity has been struggling to remove this Nessus shirt from the body, and just when she thinks herself free, it is slipped on again by the foremost leaders in Chris-tian activity. Let it not be so. When once the limiting, cramping idea of a single universal organic church has lost its emasculating power never allow it to again assert itself. II. We ought to beware of the world 