476 AMERICAN SENTINEL. We could not respect a counterfeit sabbath that bad been born of paganism, christened by the papacy, and was now usurping the authority of the fourth com-mandment and seeking to trample the true Sabbath into the dust. No! As much as we prize our liberties, we prefer the prison or the chain-gang with a clear con-science to the slavery of the soul. The hour of trial came at last, and a crowd were as-sembled under the same oaks where I had been tried. ,A jury was chosen and witnesses were duly sworn, who tes-tified that Brother Nash had been heard and seen work-ing on his new log house early in the morning on Sun-day, the 5th of March, hewing the sides of the logs. The prosecuting lawyer read the law and gave us his advice about keeping the law of the land. "You may cry persecution," said he, "and talk about the martyrs of the past ages; but we are living in an age of progress and we have got where men are smart enough to tell other men what to do, and they have got it to do." "These people have got to obey our laws or leave the country." Our brother was assisted in the defense by a friendly lawyer who spoke in behalf of the principles of religious liberty, reading from the constitutions of our State and nation, and also presenting the claims of the fourth commandment; after which the jury retired, and in about ten minutes returned with a verdict of "Not guilty." R. S. OWEN. Hatley, Miss. "Law and Order" Sunday Closing in Massachusetts. AT Revere, Mass., a crusade against Sunday secular business has been started by the Revere Law and Order League. Thus far one personŠa woman who sold gro-ceries on SundayŠhas been arrested, and a summons to appear in court served on a barber who refused to close his shop in accordance with the dictates of the League. ° There are eight barber shops in Revere, and all but one of them have been closed Sundays since the League began to take action to enforce Sunday observance. The proprietor of this one was waited on by a commit-tee of the League, but very properly told them he did not recognize the authority of a Law and Order League to dictate his conduct in the matter of Sunday observ-ance. He did however promise to close on Sunday if ordered to do so by the chief of police; but the chief of police did not see fit to give him the order. The League will now proceed against him by direct appeal to the courts. It is strange that a company of intelligent men or-ganized to promote law and order, should think that this end-can be furthered by making people idle on Sun-day. Good honest work is an excellent barrier against the spirit of disorder in people, and when this employ- ment is changed for idleness, the spirit of disorder is sure to make itself felt. If men will not be religious on Sunday, and occupy themselves with spiritual devo-tions and exercisesŠif they are to be merely idle because they have no regard for the churchŠit is far better that they should devote the hours of the day to honest work; and this would be true even if Sunday were the divinely-appointed Sabbath. Vanishing Independence. THE following press dispatch gives interesting infor-mation relative to the plan of determining the future status of Cuba by ballot:Š "WAsniNcrroN, July 25.ŠIf present Administration plans are carried out, the voters of Cuba, after the cen-sus is taken, will be asked to express through the ballot their preference for one of three forms of governmentŠabsolute independence, a protectorate, or annexation. "There will be such restrictions upon the franchise as to obtain the judgment of the better classes. "In the meantime the President will prepare recom-mendations to Congress relative to the final disposition of Cuba." Thus independence is only one of three alternatives set before the Cuban people; and the franchise is to be restricted, so that only the "better class" shall have a voice in making the decision. And yet it has been solemnly declared by the highest Authority of the nation that "the people of Cuba [all of them] are, and of right ought to be, free and indepen-dent." Teaching War in Iowa. THE following, taken from an Iowa journal, shows how instruction in the art of making war is being added to the regular course of study in the public schools in that State:Š "Boys: On recommendation of the commander of the department of Iowa, G. A. R., I have been-appointed by the commander in chief of the national department of the Grand Army of the Republic, special aide in charge of military instruction in public schools, for Iowa. "I have assumed the duties and responsibilities of the position in the earnest hope of encouraging the boys of Iowa, especially those attending the public schools, to organize themselves at once and,without delay, into military companies under the guidance and direction of their teachers, for the purpose of military instruction, such as drilling in the manual of arms, marching, squad and company drill, the positionŁ of a soldier, the salute to the flag and the various evolutions in military in-struction belonging to the school of the soldier. "In many instances your teachers will be qualified to drill and instruct you, and will feel it not simply duty, but a pleasure to do so. "There is also in every city, town and village in the 