THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 379 Remember it, sanctify it, keep it holyŠor, as sure as God is the God of truth and righteousenss, this na- tion is doomed." That Sunday desecration is on the increase, is plainly true; but what is the cause of this increase, and of the general alarming state of affairs touching religion which is so evident at this time ?. Is it not largely due to the fact that the people have ceased to look to the Bible as the infallible word of GodŠas the guide of moral conduct and a standard of righteous-ness by which they will be judged at the last day? And must not this result naturally follow from the course taken by the clergy themselves when they in-terpret the Bible contrary to its plain meaning, as for example in saying that the command to sanctify the seventh day means that the first day is the Chris-tian Sabbath ? There is abundant food for reflection in this thought. The people are not fools, or blind ; and there is every reason to conclude that Christian clergymen themselves, by teaching and practicing con-trary to the plain word of God on this very point of Sabbath observance, have done much to lower that word in the view of the people, and thus to bring about those very conditions which they now note with sor-row and alarm. The curfew ordinance for lessening crime in the cities has not proved a success in the State of Maine. So we are informed by the Springfield Republican (Mass.), which says that in Maine cities which adopted the ordinance it was found that "an increased police force was needed to enforce it, and rather than pay the cost of a larger force, the law has become more or less of a dead letter." The Republican adds that "the pop-ular attitude toward the prohibition law in that State appears to be much the same." War's Mortgage on Civilization. [New York World.] The debts of the civilized nations now add up a total of over $32,000,000,000Šmost of it incurred in wars. To realize what 32 billions means a few com-parative statements are necessary. The highest total value of the entire cotton crop of the United States in any recent year was less than $300,000,000. If, therefore, the whole American cot-ton crop were sold for Ioo years in succession, and the proceeds applied to the payment of the world's indebt-ednessŠmainly incurred for wars and war prepara-tionsŠthere would still remain an unpaid balance of nearly two billions. Prof. H. C. Adams of Cornell, some time since cal-culated that the interest payments alone on these ag-gregated debts of the nations equal the value of the  labor of 3,000,000 men working constantly at $1.50 per day per man. Civilization is under a blanket mortgage to war. "Danger Signs in the Old World." Under the above heading the Tribune of this city recently published the following summary of warlike symptoms in the Old World. The situation has not improved since this was printed : "Danger signals seem to be flying over almost every quarter of Europe, Asia and Africa, and the dip-lomats of the old world never were so busy as they are just now. If you have read the foreign dispatches for the last ten daysŠand it's worth while, for Europe is making history these daysŠyou will have discov-ered the following facts : "Russia has broken a treaty with Japan in order to secure a naval base on the Corean coast. "Japan has dispatched a powerful fleet to seize and fortify a position opposite the one leased by Russia. "Russia is shipping transport after transport, load-ed with soldiers and guns, to Port Arthur, while Japan is mobilizing a great army. "Russia has moved 73,00o soldiers to the frontier of Afghanistan, and Great Britain has quietly shifted regiments in India until every pass on the frontier is heavily guarded. "France is actively engaged in war in the Algerian hinterland, fighting daily battles with the Arabs, and capturing towns and provinces long claimed by Mo-rocco under treaties with Europe. "The Sultan of Morocco has mobilized his Arab forces and started them to the frontier, where a clash with the French army is imminent. "Emperor Menelek has set up a claim for all the territory lying between the present frontier of Abys-sinia and the Nile, and has sent an army of 40,000 men into the disputed region on the pretense of put-ting down the rebellious natives. "Germany has seized hundreds of square miles of territory which up to the present time has always been included as a part of the Congo Free State. "Prince Ferdinand of Bulgaria has for months been planning a declaration of independence from Turkey, thus endangering the peace of the Balkans. "Russia has sent a peremptory note to Turkey, declaring that the Porte's attitude toward the Arme-nians will no longer be tolerated. "In France the only political party that clamors for war with England, carried the last election by an overwhelming majority, and the same party is breaking up the ministry that stands firmly for peace. "In Italy revolution against the present form of government is in the air. The Radicals and Socialists three weeks ago forced the dissolution of Parliament by their demands for a revision of the constitution. "Sweden and Norway are arming with feverish haste, both fearing a crisis in the quarrel that has kept the flame of national jealousy alive for a century. "And lastŠand least, too, it may be grantedŠhere is the United States threatening a resort to extreme measures to collect a long standing claim for indemnity from Turkey." 