308 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. men of rank and influence who gave no signs of true repentance, he ever chose those from the humbler, lowlier walks of life. Instead of seeking to load men with " burdens grievous to be borne " he sought to break every yoke and "let the oppressed go free." He condemned the useless and . unjust traditions that then existed in regard to Sabbath-keeping, and declared it was lawful to do good on the Sabbath day. " The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." It was intended as a day of rest and lib-erty, not a day of servitude and bondage. The eternal character of God does not change. He is the same yesterday, to-day, and forevermore. His work is just the same now as it was when the divine Teacher walked our earth in human form. His faithful followers will now work just as he labored then. " The disciple is not above his Lord." Then why call laws compelling men to perform any religious act, " Christian laws ? " Christ never made such laws. His followers never advocated them. They are contrary to the nature of the kingdom of God, and not in accord with the life and motives of Jesus Christ. Said the Saviour to the young lawyer: " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first great commandment, and the second is like unto it : Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thy-self. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." So on these two principles the kingdom of Christ is established. Now upon which of the two could a law be hung that would cast a man into prison or fine him because he chose to work on the first day of the week ? If a man loves God with all his heart, he will respect his fellow-man, the work-manship and image of God. He will let God judge the creatures he has made, with his own righteous judgments, and in his own good time. If a man loves his neigh-bor as he loves himself he will respect his neighbor's person, his goods, and his God-given rights, and above all, he will re-spect his neighbor's conscientious convic-tions of duty. Religious legislation is not the result of the working of the spirit of the meek and lowly Saviour. It is the work of the powers of darkness; and a nation that en-forces religious laws takes a backward step towards heathenism and idolatry, for when a man obeys a human-made relig-ious law, he is made to worship the crea-ture more than the Creator. "By their fruit ye shall know them." And what has ever been the fruit of re-ligious legislation ? History's pages have been made crimson with the bloody stains of the fruit of religious intolerance. Never has the enforcement of religious laws brought one soul to Christ. They have not made one man better nor in any way turned the sinner from the error:  of his way. Then call them not, " Christian laws," "Christian usages," nor in any way con-nect with them the name of Christ. Call them heathenish, un-Christian, unholy, devilish. Strip from the ravenous beast of religious intolerance the clothing of the sheep he has devoured, and let him appear in his true character, and a sen-sible liberty-loving people will quickly consign him to his merited doom. " Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves." Matt. 7 : 15. SANFORD 0. LANE An Injustice. UNDER this head the Christian Patriot, published at Morristown, Tennessee, makes the following comments on the King case in that State The Sunday laws are not at all religious. They have two objects: first, to secure every one his right to a weekly day of rest; and, secondly, to prevent the disturbance by worldly noise and busi-ness of those who rest on Sunday. Even infidels must admit that a weekly rest day is promotive of health and intelligence, and that it is just that those who wish to worship should be protected from annoyance. Mr. Robert M. King, of West Tennessee, is a Seventh-day Adventist. We regret his errors. But if reason can not convince him of them, prose-cution will not. He is a farmer. He rested on Saturday and plowed on Sunday. He was arrested and fined under the statute. He paid his fine and plowed again. He is now prosecuted under the common law. The Seventh-day Adventists took his case up. It has gone through the State Courts and has just been decided against him by the United States Circuit Court. It is to be appealed to the Supreme Court. We hope Mr. King will gain his case. For, first, he has complied substantially with the objects of the Sunday laws. He and his household rest one day every week. And his plow-ing at a distance from any church is not an annoy-ance to worship. It is a shame that he should be punished while railroad companies and daily papers rob thousands of a rest day, and disturb the Sabbaths of large sections and great cities. The case calls attention to the importance of carefully amending the Sunday laws. They should forbid the employing of men to work on Sunday. No one except an idiot will work on Sunday un-less compelled to do so. The penalty should rest wholly upon the employer. And, secondly, those who conscientiously and really observe any other day as a Sabbath should be exempted from the law, provided they do their Sunday work in such a way and at such a place as not to disturb the Sab-bath quiet of the first day of the week. The ex-emption would apply only to those who do rest on Saturday, and it would permit them to employ on Sunday only those who have rested on Satur-day. Such a law should have the support of Seventh-day Adventists, Jews, and infidels. As Sabbath-keepers, we are neither for laws protecting the quiet of 'our Sabbath, nor for, exemption from the operation of Sunday laws, but that Sabbath observance being, as it is, a purely religious act, be left to Christian conscience under the light of God's word, without aid or hin-drance from the civil law. Seventh-day people are able to keep holy the Sabbath day in the midst of the hum and hurry of business; in' its multiplied forms, as it is carried on all about them, by those who  disregard the day, without any appeal to the civil authority. First-day people could do the same, if they had the authority of the word of God for their observance. It is the conscious lack of this authority which sends men so frantically to the civil law for " protection." The practical working of this scheme for protection is shown in the King case, by our exchange quoted above. Professes Sunday-keeping corporations, pleasure-seekers, and the like, make all the noise and clatter they wish on Sunday; but a single man who has conscientiously kept the Sabbath, and goes quietly into his field away from the public highways, and far removed from any place of public or private worship, is arrested, dragged before the courts, con-demned, fined, and imprisoned. This is civil Sunday law: The responsibility for the individual wrong is not in the partic-ular law, in this case, it is fundamentally in the effort to regulate religious matters by civil laws.ŠSabbath Recorder, Seventh-day Baptist. Precedent versus Principle. THERE are two methods of pleading in courts,Š pleading from precedent .and pleading from principle. Lawyers who plead from precedent refer to decisions of judges and of courts; those who plead from principle plead from the standpoint of right and justice. They call attention to the justice or injustice of an act, and call it such, not because it may have been looked at thus by others, but because it is so in the nature of things. The latter style of pleading is much the better, be-cause it has reason behind it, and is more likely to be uniform; while the former often proceeds without reason, and is a capricious guide. Decisions of courts may be wrong, and often are, as is evident from their render-ing different decisions upon the same question, and from one court's reversing the decision of another. But right is right the world over. The principles of truth and justice are the same in all ages and in all climes. There is the same difference between these two methods of pleading that there was between the teaching, of Christ and the teaching of the scribes. He spoke that which appealed to reason, and with authority; they plead for the customs and traditions of the fathers, however much they contradicted reason. A great deal of the latter kind of plead-ing is indulged iii by those who seek to support Sunday laws and other religious features, in our Government. We are told that these things are recognized and practiced by other nations, and that they have been in vogue in our own land since the early days of colonial times. They seem to forget, as Dr. Adam Clarke says, "There are many ungodly opinions which are more than a thousand years old." 