322 AMERICAN SENTINEL. mankind to-day. The talk is all about "nationalism"Šas if there was something in nationalism that could ele-vate or save mankind. The nation cannot help the individual. Give him all the wealth of the nation, or give him all the power, and what would he do without a strong, upright character? He would do a great deal worse with them than he would without them. Without individualism, there can be no nationalism that amounts to anything. -And if the day of individu-alism be passed, then the day of national greatness is passed with it. 1.4 Ł 4-4 THE fourth commandment, it is claimed, does not specify that the rest day is the seventh day of the week. But this claim will not bear investigation. For the Cre-ator, when he rested on the seventh day, completed and marked off the first week of time; and the day on which he rested, and which he blessed and sanctified, was neces-sarily the seventh day of the week. The week has con-tinued unchanged from that time to this. Ł A A ONE of the greatest kings of antiquity, was Nebu-chadnezzar, king of Babylon. He was 'one of the few monarchs that have sat upon the throne of universal earthly dominion. This Nebuchadnezzar at a certain time in Ids reign made a great image of .gold, which he "set up in the plains of Dura," and commanded all the "people, nations and languages" of the province of Babylon to worship it. There were three officials of the governmentŠHebrews Šwho refused to obey the king's command, and declared that they would worship the God of heaven and none other. They flatly refused to obey the law of the land. The government said that they should do a certain thing, and they absolutely refused to do it. That was plain disloyalty to the government. Was it? So Nebuchadnezzar thought, and he com-manded them to be cast into the "burning, fiery furnace." And they were bound and cast in; but lo ! another power greater than the power of Babylon interposed and by a wonderful miracle vindicated them in their refusal to do that which had been commanded. When Nebuchadnezzar, who was looking on, saw that, he changed his mind; not as regards their opposi-tion to the law of the land, for he said that they had "changed the king's word" ; but as regards their loyalty. And the indisputable proof that he changed his mind on this point is the fact that he then promoted these three individualsŠ"Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego"Šin the province of Babylon. Dan. 3:30. And everyChristian will admit that in this the king did what was proper and wise. These three men, by their firm adherence to the 'right in opposition even to the law of the land, gave better proof of their loyalty to the government than was given  by the men who obeyed it simply because it was the law. Nebuchadnezzar recognized this fact. That was loyalty to the government then; and what true loyalty was then, it is to-day. An Anglo-American Alliance. FRIDAY, May 13, Right Honorable Joseph Chamber-lain, Secretary of State for the Colonies of the British Empire, in a public speech at Birmingham, Eng., used the following words:Š "The time has arrived when Great Britain may be confronted by a combination of powers, and our first duty, therefore, is to draw all parts of the empire into close unity, and our next to maintain the bonds of per-manent unity with our kinsmen across the Atlantic." [Loud cheers.] "There is a powerful and generous nation," said Mr. Chamberlain, "speaking our language, bred of our race, and having interests identical with ours. I would go so far as to say that, terrible as war may be, even war itself would be cheaply purchased if in a great and noble cause the Stars and Stripes and the Union Jack should wave together over an Anglo-Saxon alliance." [Prolonged cheers.] "It is one of the most satisfactory results of Lord Salisbury's policy, that at the present time these two great nations understand each other better than they ever have done since, over a century ago, they were sep-arated by the blunder of a British government." Of course this remarkable statement has attracted attention, as undoubtedly it was intended to do, in all the nations. As might be expected, Spain was the first to remark especially upon it. Senor Gullon, of the Spanish government, said that the speech has "real importance, not only for Spain, but for the future of Europe." Everyone may say that this speech has importance not only for Spain, and not only for Europe, but for the whole world. For if such an alliance shall be formed, which indeed we do not doubt will be, it will assuredly mean much for the whole world. At present, however, we do not purpose discussing the meaning and effect of such an alliance when it might be formed; but rather the prospect that there is of its being accomplished. Strictly, Mr. Chamberlain's words can hardly be reck-oned to be more than an open reply, in the hearing of all the world, to suggestions to the same effect from the American side. In an interview, published in the New York Herald, April 17, Hon. E. J. Phelps, who was for-merly U. S. Minister to Great Britain; said:Š "The Chinese question has assumed an importance that under all the circumstances makes it necessary for us to look seriously upon the 'suggestion of an alliance with England. I am not prepared to say that we should or should not form an alliance so far as individual ques-tions are concerned. The only point of view from which we can now consider the matter is on the basis of the 