170 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. to have the executive department of the Govern-ment compel all people to receive it as the oracles of God. The stupendous impudence of such a proposition can be accounted --for only upon the theory that again the "mystery of iniquity doth al- ready work." A. T. J. Who Are the Friends of the Bible? THE Congregationalist of February 7 .con-tained an editorial entitled "Unsectarian Mo-rality," in which it says:Š " The Christian Register published last week the re-plies of thirty-five eminent men and women, many of whom are practical educators, to the questions whether morality can be taught in our public schools without sectarianism, and what suggestions they had to offer as to methods and influences. As, naturally, they look at the subject from widely different points of view, their replies vary considerably in detail. It is the more gratifying, therefore, to notice that most of them answer the first question heartily in the affirma-tive. Of course the five Roman Catholics claim that morality cannot be taught, in any sense satisfactory to them, without including the inculcation of the principles of Roman Catholicism ; and there are one or two others who reply negatively." This is in line with the ideas expressed by Sen-ator Blair in his speech in the Senate, December 21, on the occasion of referring his proposed re-ligious amendment to the Committee on Educa-tion and Labor. Said he:Š " In regard to the general principles of the Chris-tian religion, no one but a bigot would think of hav-ing introduced into the public schools instruction in favor of any form of sectarianism; but a knowledge of the Christian religion, even if there be no enforce-ment of those truths upon the conviction and belief of the child, instruction in those principles, a state-ment or explanation of what they are, exactly as instruction is given in the principles of arithmetic and geography and any of the common branches of science, is exceedingly desirable and important for every citizen of this country to possess, whether he applies the principles in his personal conduct. or not." No one can talk that way who has any just idea of the ScripturesŠtheir nature and object. Such talk can come only from those who can see no more in the Bible than they do in an or-dinary text-book on science; just as the carrying out of Mr. Blair's proposed amendment would re-sult in lowering the Bible, in the minds of the people, to the level of text-books on arithmetic and geography. In contrast with the statements, of those who imagine that the Bible can be studied with profit in the same way that history and geography are studied, let us place the statement of a man who knows what the Bible is, and what it is,for. In the Old Testament Student of February, 1889, the editor, Prof. William R. Harper, of Yale University, writes as follows:Š " The Old Testament is not Hebrew literature. This statement may appear startling ; but it is true. The Old Testament is not Hebrew literature in the sense that the Iliad and the Greek Drama are Greek litera-ture ; or the Book of the Dead, Egyptian ; or the Zend Avesta, Persian. If one desires simple Hebrew literature, the product of the Jewish mind, he will find it in the Talmud, Targums, and other rabbin-ical writings. The writers of the Old Testament were more than mere Hebrews. Moses, David, and Isa-iah did not simply reflect national thought and feel-ing. They were inspired, were men to whom divine thought and feeling were revealed. When we speak of the study of the Old Testament as literature, we mean, then, the study of the national dress and outward adornment of a body of divine truth. Such study is profitable and interesting, and very important. But is it insignificant when compared with the study of the doctrine which this outward national dress contains? Renan has made a special study of the Hebrew Scripture from the point of view that they  are a national-literature, and with what result? The divine truth has made so little impression upon him that he can write a play, the story of which, of a nun's debauchery the day before the guillotine, is as cor-rupt as can well be conceived, and its leading thought is that passions must run their course even if death stands at the door.' Such debasing thought and phi-losophy may thus co-exist with the highest apprecia-tion of the Bible as a literature. Turn now from Renan to those who have studied these sacred writ-ings to find therein the voice of God speaking of sin, justice, and mercy ; and how great the contrast 1 Here belong such men as Luther, Calvin, Latimer, Knox, Wesley, together with the great rank and file of earnest Christian workers and believers. The Old Testament is not the history of men's thoughts about God, or desires after God, or affections toward him. It professes to be a history of God's unveiling of him-self to men. If it is not that, it is nothing ; it is false from beginning to end. To make it the history of the speculation of a certain tribe about God, we must deny the very root of any speculations which that tribe ever had. For this root is the belief that they could not think of him unless he had first thought of them ; that they could not speak of him unless he were speaking of them." " In the modern revival of biblical study there is a danger that the Scripture by some may be studied only after the manner of Renan, or too exclusively as a national literature." Dr. Harper is not ignorant of the literary beauty of the Bible, as anyone who is acquainted with him can testify; but he sees the danger of studying it with that sole object. As a matter of fact, it cannot be taught according to Mr. Blair's ideasŠexcept by avowed infidels, which of course would never be thought of, and if it were, the result would necessarily be to make infidels. No man who has any regard for the Bible as the word of God, can teach it without conforming his teaching to his own religious views ; and if this were done in the public schools, confusion and re-ligious strife would inevitably follow. How can the danger be averted?ŠOnly by keeping the Bible out of State schools, and leaving instruction in it to the family, the church, and the private or denominational school. They are not true friends of the Bible who are clamoring for its introduction into the public schools. They may be sincere in their motives, but they would give the sacred Book the worst blow it has ever received. The friends of the Bible are those who wish it studied for just what it isŠthe revelation of God's will to manŠthe guide to holiness and eternal life. E. J. w. •Ł  4- Government Religion. [The manuscript of the following article was found among the papers of the late Elder J. H. Waggoner, after his death. It was evidently intended for the SENTINEL, and contains pointed facts, gathered from various ages, pertinent to the question of national religion-now agitating our country. The matter has not been published before, and those who have been readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL from the beginning will be pleased to read this, one of the latest emana-tions from the pen of its founder.] THE self-styled National Reformers repudiate the idea that they are advocating a union of Church and State, and yet they openly advocate "religious legislation " in the State, and "national religion;" even commending the Roman Catholic Church- as being the upholder of national religion. It is a sad truth, as many martyrs have witnessed, that the Roman Church is an earnest defender of na-tional compulsory religion. Indeed, the National Reformers have not only commended the Catholic Church, but advocated a coalition with that church, because that, in some countries, it is the only up-holder of national religion. And if anyone Wishes to understand the actualbenefits and beau- ties of national religion, he need not go to the history of the Inquisition, to Constance, to Smith- field, and like places, but let hitit, go, even at this day, to those countries where the Catholic Church and national religion have entire control. Let the Presbyterian members of the association try a six months' residence in Spain, and they will find that, in certain circumstances, their Presby-terianism must be .compromised or concealed, or it will proVe the door to a prison. And if that is not sufficient, let them go to certain places in South America where government is administered solely in the interest of the church, and where sia.ch is the case the country is removed scarcely a step from barbarism. How can people rise whose minds and consciences are enslaved by a priesthood which claims the exercise of supreme power in the name and place of God. And yet this is exactly the position that the Christian Statesman and Christian Nation declare that the Church and the State relatively ought to occupy. They say that the kingdom of Christ is to be set up, by the votes of the National Reformers, and they are to be the administrators of the kingdom. The celebrated historian, Neander, noticing the secularization of Christianity in the Roman Em-pire, made the following suggestive comment:-- " While it was the State that should be Christian-ized, instead of this Christianity would be changed into a civil polity, and what belongs to the kingdom of God would be secularized ; an evil in which, to be sure, as we shall see, the Eastern Roman Empire especially involved itself."ŠTorrey's Neander, Vol. 1, p. 162; Hurd & Houghton, N. Y. This is the natural tendency, and, indeed, the very object, of national religion. And what do we find in the United States at the present time but a plea for the accomplishment of this object? We are gravely informed that the Sunday, as the "Christian Sabbath," is the "very safe- guard and bulwark of our holy religion." Prize books are industriously circulated to prove to the world that the Sunday is one of the most sacred and important of all religious institutions. And yet politicians, and doctors of a sickly divinity, and such sensible religious journals as the New York Independent, assure us that when they ad-vocate its enforcement by the State, it is not at all as a religious institution, but altogether as a "sanitary regulation," as " a Government holiday," and that compulsion to observe it is not an in-fringement upon anybody's conscientious convic-tions or religious rights, because it is not enforced upon religious grounds, but for purely civil reasons. If that is not secularizing what they claim to be a most sacred religious institution, we fail to see what could be. Reading the words of Neander, and applying them to ancient Rome, we can all see the inconsistency, the evil, and the danger. But when the very thing is being enacted in the United States, under the specious pretext of Christianizing our beloved country, and to glorify the Saviour, how different it looks! But it must be remembered that the Inquisition was estab- lished, and the auto dee fi was kept in existence, by the very same pretext. The Independent scorned the idea of the Na-tional Reformers, and of all who wished to give our Nation a religious character by changing the Constitution. But at length it declared this as the solution of the difficulty: Let the "Christian Sabbath," and other Christian twnets if neces-sary, be adopted by the Government as civil in-stitutions, and all may consistently be compelled to observe them as civil laws.. The Sabbath ceases to be a religious institution as enforced by 