84 THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ  simple and may be understood by the common people, yet it withholds its treasures from the most learned if they do not study it with rev-erent hearts. The one who studies it with no thought of its value as an educator of the mind, but solely to know what is the will of God, will find his mind expanded so that he can better comprehend affairs of every-day life; while the one who attempts to study it in the same manner and with the same spirit as he would study some secular author, will not derive any material benefit. The sum of all this is, that the Bible is a book whose sole object is to teach men the true religion, the religion of Jesus Christ. Now what is the public school? It is an in-stitution of the State; it is supported by the State, and all those connected with the public-school system are in the employ of the civil government. They are, if you please, officers of the State. Therefore if the Bible be taught in the public schools, it will be simply the State teaching religion. The State will have to determine what views of the Bible shall be taught; for, let it be remembered, the Bible is not like mathematics, which is a fixed science, and concerning which there cannot possibly be a difference of opinion; but it affords oppor-tunity for much variety of opinion. This is not because the Bible is so obscure that people cannot see alike, but because God has ordained that man shall be a free agent in matters of morals. And here is where the danger comes in, for if the Bible be taught in the public schools, it must be taught in accordance with some system, and whatever theories may be taught, somebody's conscience is sure to be outraged. For example, there are many sincere Chris-tians who believe that immersion is the only true baptism, while others ,conscientiously hold that sprinkling is baptism, and that infants should receive the ordinance. Most people believe that man has the principle of immortality by nature, while many believe that immortality is given only to those who believe in Christ, and they hold that any con-trary teaching robs Christ of his chief glory. One person believes in the perpetuity and universal obligation of the ten commandments, while another believes that they were only for the Jews, and are now abolished. One man is a Unitarian and his neighbor is a Trinitarian, and so on. It is not within our province to say which of these views are right and which are wrong. It is sufficient that each one be-lieves his own view to be the correct one, and does not wish to have his children taught a contrary view; neither does he wish to have the money which he pays as taxes to support the school, used in propagating doctrines.  which he holds to be vital errors. So we say that Christians themselves should -not merely refrain from insisting that the Bible be used in the public schools, but should Tether insist that it be kept out. There is Indeed danger in having it placed there, for when that is done somebody's religious con-victions are sure to be trampled upon. It is of the very essence of Church and State union :to have the Bible taught in the public schools,  for that would be nothing else but the State teaching religion; and the standard of the religion taught would be the opinions 'of the majority. Let each professed Christian who thinks that it is little less than sacrilege to say that the Bible ought not to be taught in the public schools, consider the matter seriously. He will find that what he wants and expects is that his views of the Bible shall be taught. But he has no warrant that this will be the case. It will not be the case unless he chances to be among the majority, and in that case he is helping to outrage the con- science of some other man. The simple fact is this: If the State adopts the Bible as a text-book in its schools, then it must decide how it shall be taught, or, in other words, must fix a standard of religion. But suppose that all Chriftians were agreed concerning the principal points of Bible doc-trines; they are not the ones who are to be considered. The public schools are for the public, and among the people there will be many who do not accept the Bible at all. What shall be done in their case? Here is the answer that Pastor Joshua Denovan gives in an article on, " The Bible in the Public Schools," which appeared in the Faithful Wit-ness, of Toronto, Canada :Š "Some advanced champions for freedom of conscience and the rights of man, in Britain and the United States, can't be accommodated. In this category must be classed agnostics, atheists, and scientific infidels. For my part, without hesitation or apology, I deny such men any reasonable claim to conscientious convictions and privileges at all." And again, speaking of the consciences of such men, he says : " Such consciences are peculiarŠabnormally uniqueŠand their own-ers must suffer for conscience' sake." The Christian Statesman of July 7, 1887, con-tains a reprint of the article in which these words occur, and the editor called special atten-tion to it as a " masterly article." Such senti-ments are in keeping with National Reform ideas of the gospel, but they are as different from the gospel of Jesus Christ as night is from day. The gospel knows nothing of com-pulsion; " Whosoever will, let him come," is its gracious call. The use of force in connection with matters of religion was conceived and is fostered only by the prince of darkness, " the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience." An infidel is a man, and, as such, he is entitled to the same rights and privileges in a human ("belonging to man or mankind ") government that his Christian neighbor is, who is only a man. He may be and should be invited and urged to accept the Bible as the revealed will of his Creator, but so long as it would be wrong to compel a Christian to help support schools which should teach views of the Bible which he cannot con-scientiously adopt, so long will it be wrong to compel unbelievers to support schools for the teaching of religion. How, then, can the youth of Christian parents receive the Biblical instruction which their parents desire them to have? Let their parents instruct them at home, as is their duty. To the parent, and to the parent alone, has  God intrusted the moral and religious instruc-tion of children. The divine command is : " Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with allthy might. And these words, which I com-mand thee this day, shall be in thine heart, and thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up." Deut. 6 : 5-7. If any number of parents who are of the same faith wish to seRd their children to a school where they can study the Bible to better advantage than they can at home, they may combine and form a denominational school, which is independent of State patronage, and. to the support of which none need contribute except those who believe in the principles taught. Such schools are on the same footing as the various religious denominations them-selves. The religious instruction is private, because it is supported by the private, volun-tary contributions of those who favor the views taught by any given denomination; it is public only in the sense that anybody who wishes is privileged to come. This is all that anybody should desire; whatsoever is more than this, cometh of evil. E. J. W. A PREACHER ON SUNDAY LEGISLATION. THE following ringing words from the Rev. Bird Wilkins, pastor of Bethesda Baptist Church, Chicago, are of a sort that is too sel-dom heard nowadays. If the whole Protest-ant Church should take this position, she would have no need to seek political aid to make her power felt. It is no advantage to the religion of Christ or his church that laws are being enacted at our State capital, looking to a strict observ-ance of Sunday as a holy day. That is what it means. It is church legislation. When-ever and wherever the church has entered the halls of legislation, she has left her power outside. She, upon entering the political arena, lays aside her robes of victory. She may have a majority, and thus carry her point, but I tell you it is contrary to the genius of the gospel of Christ. He did not leave us the political sword with which to set up his kingdom in the hearts and lives of men. I tell you, the United States herself will lose her robes of honor whenever she puts religion into her statute-books. Whenever Jesus is to appeal to Blackstone, then will Jesus become a politician; then will copeto pass the attempt to force men to bear the mark of the beast. I am not ready to see the church scrambling amidst the political cor-ruptions of the day to have laws passed for the preservation of her holy days. Whenever I think the religion of love given by Jesus needs the arm of the State to support it or protect it I will renounce it. Whenever I believe the Baptist Churth covets secular power to save her holy days, I will be Baptist no more. It is a declaration of weakness on 