THE Ai ERICA.N SENTINEL. 55 shirk for itself. We hold it to:be the duty of the State to sustain its own theology, provided. always that theology comes within its proper sphere. This, moreover, would be practically an easy task if all the people thought exactly:alike, and their common thoughts were faithfully repre-sented by the theology of the State. Such, however, does not happen to be the case. What, then, shall be done with those who dissent from this theology, and decline to conform to its re-quirements? This question the State must an-swer, and generally does so answer as to involve the principle of proscription or persecution. It is a fact wide as the world and spread all over the records of history, that State theolo-gies have with great uniformity been persecut-ing theologies. Christ and his apostles and their followers were persecuted by the State theology of the Jews. Pagan Rome had such a theology, and for three bloody centuries she wielded its power against the Christians. Con-stantine established Christianity as a State theology and made it a persecuting power. The State theology of the Roman Catholic and that of the Protestant show the same record. State theology drove the Puritans out of England and murdered the Huguenots in France. It made our Puritan fathers persecutors. Moham-medanism as a State theology and Paganism as such are marked by the same feature. The missionary efforts of modern times to propa-gate Christianity among the heathen meet with one of their most formidable obstacles in State theologies, and the same was true of like efforts in the apostolic age. It is a general fact that the moment theology allies itself with the State and commands its powers it becomes persecut-ing in respect to all who dissent from it, and that, too, whether it be pagan or Christian, Catholic or Protestant. History paints this fact in lurid colors. Nor is there anything strange or unnatural in such a fact. It results from the very nature of the case. The theology of the State is a part of its organic or statute law, and, of course, it should be sustained by its authority and power. Heresy is, hence, a crime, as really as murder, and as such it should be punished. So the State reasons, and that, too, correctly, provided we accept the doctrine of State theology. Catho-lic States and Protestant States have reasoned in this way. What we call religious persecu-tion, State theology calls punishment to prevent crime. What we call religious liberty, it calls a dangerous exercise of private judgment. Saul of Tarsus was a conscientious persecutor, regarding himself as doing God service; and it is but just to say that State theologies have generally been conscientious in their deeds of murder and blood. They have not looked upon themselves as ruffians and outlaws, but rather as the conservators of the divine honor and the true interests of souls. The thoughts of an after and a wiser age were not their thoughts when they trampled the religious rights of men into the dust and shocked Heaven, if not earth, with their cruelties. Religious zeal misdirected is a terrible passion; and all State theologies, because administered by men, are apt to have this zeal. We present, then, the disabilities, the perse- cutions, and the martyrdoms, which are so con-spicuous in the history of State theology, as more than suggesting that there must be some radical mistake in the doctrine itself. A doc-trine that can by perversion turn the mild and genial religion of Jesus into a flaming persecu-tor, and make it a ferocious enemy to religious liberty as vested by God in individual souls; a doctrine that undertakes to adjudicate upon questions lying exclusively between the soul and its Maker; a doctrine that substitutes carnal for spiritual weapons; a doctrine that resorts to the law of force, where nothing is pertinent except the peaceful persuasion of argument and the gentle and loving voice of entreaty; a doc-trine that in practical execution becomes an abominable despotism exercised over the bodies and attempted over the souls of menŠyes, such a doctrine has written upon its face in letters of light the glaring evidence of being essen-tially and fundamentally wrong. Judging it by its fruits, we find it difficult to use terms sufficiently intense to describe the degree of that wrong. Its pervading principle is hostile alike to God and man, although it professes to be the servant of both. It is, moreover, a significant fact of history that Christianity has always prospered most in the true sense when it has had least to do with the State and the State has had least to do with it. For the first three centuries it was the the- ology of individual conviction, resting simply on its own evidence, holding no other relation to the State than that of a persecuted religion, and doing its entire work by the use of spirit-ual means; and then it was that it spread itself among the nations of the earth with a purity and power that have never since been exceeded. Then it was that venerable and pompous sys-tems of Paganism yielded to the resistless energy of its moral march. Afterward it became a State theology; and then, in the hands of the State, it was not only corrupted and half pa-ganized, but at once assumed, and for centuries maintained, the character of a persecuting re-ligion. All the persecutions of the Romish Church, and, indeed, all the persecutions that have existed in the name of Christianity, have had their basis in State theology. If God should be pleased to constitute a theocracy on earth, and by inspiring it guarantee he infallibility, then it would be the duty of men to bow to its authority; but until we have this fact estab-lished by appropriate evidence, the conclusion drawn from history is that the State should confine itself exclusively to things temporal, and leave theology to the individual convictions and private judgments of men. This is certainly the truth in respect to Christianity.ŠFrom" Re-ligion and the State," by Samuel T. Spear, D. D. THE State, as a political organization, has never been trusted by the Divine Founder of Christianity with the duty of its propagation. He never said to the State: " Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel," or "Lo! I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." He said these things to his apostles, and to those who through them should believe on his name. The apostleship of his word he located in his disciples and followers, and not in kings, governors nor legislative assemblies. AustraliaŠInternational Tract Society, Bible Echo Office, Rae and Scotchmer Sts., North Fitzroy, Victoria, Australia. British Guiana.ŠJoseph R. Brathwaite, 152 Church St., Georgetown, and Thos.E.Amsterdam, 10 Church St., New Amsterdam, B. G., S. A. California Tract Society-1067 Castro St., Oakland, Cal. Canada Tract SocietyŠSouth Stukely, P. Q. Colorado Tract Society-441 Jay Street, Denver, Colo. Dakota Tract SocietyŠVilas, Miner Co., Dak. District of Columbia.ŠInternational Tract Society, 1831 Vermont Avenue, N. W., Washington, D. C. EnglandŠThe Present Truth, 72 Heneage St., Grimsby, Eng. Florida Tract SocietyŠMiss Lysle Reynolds, Secretary, Box 232, Jacksonville, Fla, Hawaiian IslandsŠInternational Tract Society, Honolulu, IL 1. IdahoŠElder D. T. Fero, Boise City, Idaho. Illinois Tract Society-3652 Vincennes Ave., Chicago, Ill. Indiana Tract SocietyŠNo. 32 Cherry St., Indianapolis, Ind. Iowa Tract Society-1315 E. Sycamore St., Des Moines, Iowa. Kansas Tract SocietyŠBox 160, Ottawa, Franklin Co., Kan. Kentucky Tract SocietyŠWest Clifty, Grayson Co,, Ky. LouisanaŠInternational Tract Society, Pitt Street, between Val- mont and Leontine Streets, New Orleans, La. Maine Tract Society-113 Pearl St., Portland, Me. Michigan Tract SocietyŠBattle Creek, Mich. Minnesota Tract Society-2820 Nicollet Ave., Minneapolis, Minn. Missouri Tract Society-321 Laraine Ave., Sedalia, Mo. MontanaŠWalter Harper, Butte City, Mont., Box 358, Nebraska Tract SocietyŠFremont, Dodge Co., Neb. New EnglandŠN. E. Tract Society, South Lancaster, Mass. New MexicoŠJohn McMurchy, White Oaks, Lincoln County, N.M. New York Tract SocietyŠBox 113, Rome, N. Y. New ZealandŠEdward Hare, Upper Queen Street (Turner Street). Auckland, N. Z. North PacificŠN. P. Tract Society, Box 18, East Portland, Oregon. NorwayŠSundhedsbladet, Christiania, Norway. Ohio Tract Society-259 Adams St., Toledo, Ohio. Pennsylvania Tract Society--No. 5 Madison St., Wellsville, N. Y. SwitzerlandŠElder W. C. White, 48 Weiherweg, Basel, Switzerland. Tennessee Tract SocietyŠSpringville, Henry Co., Tenn. Texas Tract SocietyŠMrs. Lee Gregory, Secretary, Denton, Tex. Upper ColumbiaŠU. C. Tract Society, Walla Walla, W. T. Vancouver IslandŠBernard Robb, Victoria, B. C. VermontŠLizzie A. Stone, South Lancaster, Mass. Virginia Tract SocietyŠNew Market, Shenandoah Co., Va. Wisconsin Tract Society-1029 Jenifer St., Madison, Wis. WyomingŠJ. T. Trees, Tie Siding, Albany Co., Wyo. All of the above Agencies are authorized to receive subscriptions to the SIGNS OF THE TIMES, American Sentinel, and Pacific Health Journal and Temperance Advocate. Catalogues of our books, pam-phlets, and tracts, in English and the various foreign languages, can be obtained from them. Write to the agency nearest you. PLEASE examine the little yellow label on your paper, and if the date opposite your name reads June 86, or July 86, then your time is out; please renew at once. Terms: Single subscription 50 cts. per year; five copies to one name and address, $2.00; ten or more copies, 35 cts. each; thirty or more cop-ies, to one address, 30 cts. each. THE work of the White Cross Army is calling the attention of parents everywhere to the necessity of instructing their children respecting the dangers of vice and impurity, and giving them such informa-tion at a proper age as will be conducive to purity of morals. Doctor Kellogg's recent work, "Man, the Masterpiece," is intended by the author to give to boys and young men exactly the information they need to make the most of themselves. The work has been out of press less than three mouths, but several thousand copies have already been sold, and the sale is increasing rapidly. Agents are wanted in all the Western States. Descriptive circulars giving terms to agents may be obtained by address-ing Pacific Press, Oakland, Cal. The Great Controversy. THE new (1886) illustrated edition of "The Great Controversy be-tween Christ and Satan during the Christian Dispensation," by Mrs. E. G. White, contains over 500 pages, a portrait of the author, and is illustrated by twenty-one full-page cuts. The book is printed and bound in the very best style; olive green muslin with jet and gold stamp. Over ten thousand have been sold in six months. This volume presents the most wonderful and intensely interesting history that has ever been written of the great conflict between Christianity and the powers of darkness, as illustrated in the lives of Christian martyrs and reformers on one hand, and wicked men and persecuting powers on the other. The closing chapters give a vivid picture of the warfare of the church, her final redemption, and vividly describe the triumph of the people of God, the destruction of Satan and all his followers, and the renewing of the earth, which ends the awful controversy between the Son of God and the powers of darkness. Earnest Christians of all classes and creeds will find in it encourage-ment and instruction. The style of the author is clear, forcible, and often sublime, and, although simple enough in its statements to be understood and appreciated by a child, its eloquence calls forth the admiration of all. Sent post-paid to any address in America for $1.60, or to foreign countries 85., post free. Address, PACIFIC PEERS, Oakland, Cal., II. S. A ittili5ity5' OUR GENERAL AGENTS. 