772 AMERICAN SENTINEL. It was not then, nor is it now, the prerogative of any man, or government of men to root up error by coercion. Men are authorized to teach the principles of truth, but never to compel others to receive them. Kept free from civil force, as first established, Christianity retains the gentle, persuasive influence with which it was first en-dowed, and which is now its only mainspring of power in the conversion of men to Christ. But when a state attempts to enforce religious forms by civil enactment, it does itself an injury, as well as those whom it seeks to control in religious matters; for inasmuch as men are made to violate conscience for fear of the law, they yield the principles of integrity, which are the best security of good citizenship. But when men's consciences are thus outraged by civil law, so that they constantly live a lie before God, what is to save them from doing the same before the civil courts? Why should such men be dealt with sum-marily, if they dissemble, or defraud in business, or ap-propriate public funds to private use? Force one's con-science by law, to the destruction of his integrity before God, and the legitimate result will be waywardnesA in society and a menace to civil government. This is not an overdrawn estimate. History abounds with illustrations of the baneful effects of the interference of civil power in behalf of religion. One historian says "that in proportion as the church became established, by means of power and riches, religion declined, insomuch that it could scarcely be descried, except in the earth-quake of dissension, in the fire of malice, or in the still small roice of some obnoxious sect."Š"History Intol-erance," Vol. 1, p. 324. As early as the fourth century, it is said that the bishop of Rome had so much patron-age of civil power to bestow, that men of the most cor-rupt lives fawned upon him, with his seeming approval, hoping for place and power, until the pagan prmfect of the city said, in tones of bitter irony, "Make me bishop of Rome, and I, too, will be a Christian." There is no question as to the effect all this had upon the people at large. Religious devotions were prescribed by law, and proclaimed by those who had little regard for even common decency. The same authorities which prescribed forms of worship for the common people, winked at the irregularities of those at the head of the church. The case of the bishop accused of adultery, which was brought to the notice of Constantine, is an illustra-tion to the point. The emperor quietly passed the mat-ter by saying that if he chanced to surprise a bishop in such an act, he would cover him with his imperial mantle. p. 274. This was but the legitimate result of a state-directed church. As long as the church stood aloof from the world, it was directed and upheld by the arm of Omnipo-tence; but when it sought alliance with earthly power, which is always opposed to God's rule; it virtually aban-doned the infinite power of heaven, for one which, though in appearance more tangible, yet is entirely destitute of that which can direct the church in spiritual lines. in its  original organization, the church was guided in policy by the will of God; after the exchange, it was controlled by the will of a majority of human minds, many of them destitute of even the form of spiritual service. And to this day such expression of conduct is called Christianity. Many now are anxiously hoping for the day when the name of God shall be placed in the Consti-tution of our civil government, and the religion of Christ, as interpreted by men, be made the basis of legislation for all. But the dawning of that day will surely bring to this country the same system of religious oppression that prevailed in Europe during the Dark Ages. It cannot be otherwise, since the laws regulating the customs of Chris-tianity were established once for all, by the Founder of the system, and therefore do not admit of change, or reenactment by civil power. The laws of civil govern-ment are only temporal, and subject to change with each incoming administration.. Inasmuch as men do not see alike in moral matters any more than in secular, it fol-lows that radical changes of religious forms are sure to take place, according as the religious sentiments of legis-lators vary. To enforce these changes by law upon those who are conscientiously following the bent of duty leading in another direction, deprives them of the free use of that which God has .bestowed, namely, the rights of conscience. This point is well illustrated by the history of attempts in England to regulate the observance of Sunday, which will be cited in another paper. J. O. C. I. Ł A A Proposed Union of Code and Creed. "The Truth Seeker," December 11. Iv we understand the following language, the Unita-rians propose to give us a complete union of church and state. Says the New Unity, of Chicago:Š "As every one is born a member of the state, he is by right, also, born a member of the church. Every one is a citizen; but every one is also a religionist. . . . This grand relation ought to and must be recognized. It is the evolution of the original human family on the reli-gious side. In this internationalism, creed and law be-come one. Thou shalt love God with all thy heart, and thy neighbor as thyself, we believe will be not only the creed but the code of the coming societyŠboth state and church. It follows once more that no man can, with righteousness, any more vacate his church obligations than his obligations of citizenship. It does not follow thatŁ he must acknowledge fealty to a sect or a narrow-ness; but he must cultivate his relation to God and hu-manity, and this must be an active love, involving or-ganic work. To shirk religious obligation is precisely the same as to shirk civic duties. No honest man does the latter, no right-thinking man will do the former." The doctrine is not new. It belonged to a system for-mulated by Jean Jacques Rousseau more than one hun-dred years ago. Rousseau, of course, was not orthodox. Like the editors of the New Unity, he did not accept any 