((Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever Ztate or cersuasion, !Religious or (Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 23, 1893. NUMBER 46. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. WILLMAN. II ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC KEE. OUR attention has just been called to a mistake in the fifth paragraph on the first page of No. 43, date of November 2. As printed the statement is exactly opposite to the truth. The blunder was made by the compositor, and in some unaccountable way was overlooked in reading the proofs. The copy reads : " The correct principle of the separation of Church and State,Šthat the State has no jurisdiction in religious affairs, and the Church no authority in civil matters,Šthat every man must ren-der unto God the things which are God's, and unto Caesar the things that are Ca,sar's,' is not primarily an ' American principle, although first governmentally enunciated in the Constitution of the United States. It is first a divine and biblical principle." ŁŁŁ Ł THERE are no more worlds to conquer. For generations the hives of Central Asia and Central Europe had swarmed and swept on to the westward. The Atlantic met them. They bridged it with ships. A new world was found. That too is oc-cupied. They go to and fro but find no more worlds to conquer. As these advancing human tides turned back upon themselves when they first came to the impassable sea, so now, as they meet the Pacific boundaries of emigration and encounter the reverse current from the Orient, they turn again. There is no new world beyond. Neither is there any pos-sibility of stemming the flood, either from the east or the west. Here the conflict will be. THE powers of Europe must utilize their great standing armies. They must fight out their final battles on the prophetic battle fields. Nevertheless, here, on this western continent, must come the turbu-lent struggle of the races. Here blood that will not mix will burn hot. Color prejudice is not fading out. Race hatred  is increasing. The right hand of fellow-ship is no longer offered to the alien. He will still come. There will be strife. And where the battle is there the vultures will gather. THERE is an impending conflict. The forces are gathering to it from all quarters. Diverse human agencies are nursing their anger against each other. Long hidden animosities are being uncovered. Perse-cutions are developing. The legal enforce-ment of the observance of one dogma of the present prevailing religious creed is common in more than half the States of the Union. In four States Protestants have been fined and imprisoned, for no other reason than because of the very reality and purity of their Protestantism. In at least one State Jew-baiting has begun. The spirit of Satan, in the guise of religion, already occupies men's minds, and has hardened their hearts against their fellows. HUMAN reason is fast becoming de-throned by intemperance and by excessive indulgence in all the pleasures of the senses. The gratification of personal de-sires and selfish delights is made the end and aim of existence. By this means all the higher and finer feelings are either blunted or destroyed. All the increased facilities for the attainment of the sensuous joys of the world only increase the num-ber of the devotees and slaves of pleasure, and carry them to even greater extremes and more extravagant indulgencies. It is doubtful if at any age of the world sen-sualism, in its various forms, was carried to greater lengths than now, and it cer-tainly was never so widespread. The re-sult of this is apparent in the prevalence of insanity, and the many monstrous, in-human, and abnormal deeds of criminality and violence. Even in those who do not otherwise show any lack of mental balance the very sources of the milk of human kindness seem dried up, and a man's foes are found to be those of his own house-hold. Certainly the last state of mankind is likely to be worse than the first. Ł WHILE the corrupt nature of man con-spires with the originator of all evil to dethrone human reason and work the eternal destruction of both mind and body  in as great a number as possible,Šthe elements also become a fateful factor in existing conditions. Subtle combinations not before known give rise to new dis-eases, or new and perplexing forms of,  ancient ills. The very achievements of man, in science and supposed control of the elements and forces of nature, bring him into the presence of heretofore unknown dangers, and the more intense expressions of force with which he is to-tally unable to cope. Thus he continually finds himself handling so-called natural forces, in forms of their expression so intense, that his use of them becomes possible only through the merciful assist-ance of the restraining hand of Omnipo-tence. Then, when, as a result of his presumption or defiance, the restraining hand of Providence is removed, disaster follows quick and terrible. So man, working without God in the world, is allowed to compass his own destruction. Why has man forgotten that, if he would but follow the Master in simplicity of faith and obedience, his command of physical forces would be no less than that which said to the winds and the wavesŠ" Peace, be still,"Šand they were still. Bur the very elements themselves are becoming treacherous. The gaseous com-binations of air and water seem to show possibilities of dangerous variableness. The effect of hidden fires within the earth shows itself with increasing power. The subtle capacities of electric forces are dis-played with increasing frequency and greater evidences of ability to destroy. Unprecedented tides and storms upon the sea, make known how unstable a thing it is which covers such a proportion of the earth's surface, and how unlimited is the possibility of its destructive use when once it becomes an instrument in the hands of the destroyer. Is it not true that all these subtle essences and forces are now coming, and soon will be, within the control of the arch enemy of man-kind ? Is it not true that Omniscience has foretold this in prophecy ? Satan works through the elements also to garner his harvest of unprepared souls. He has studied the secrets of the laboratories of nature, and he uses all his power to control the elements as far as God allows. When he was suffered to afflict Job, how quickly flocks and herds, servants, houses, 