AMERICAN SENTINEL. (ifo A little later there was an even greater outburst of pa-triotic feeling in the latter country, in view of what seemed a menacing attitude towards her on the part of Emperor William and some of the nations of Europe. Such manifestations show as clearly as anything could what is the real mind of both countries, as regards the prospects for peace. There will be peace in the world just in proportion to the desire of the people in the world to live peaceably. And this desire and disposition to live peaceably will pre-vail in the world just in proportion to the extent to which men yield themselves to the control of the God of peace. Selfishness, envy, pride, the love of power, do not breed peace. They breed war. Note the language of the Apostle James on this point: "From whence come wars and fightings among you? Come they not hence, even of your lusts that war in your members?" James 4:1. The lusts of the flesh can be overcome only by divine grace. The one great antidote for war in the world is the gospel of peace. There is nothing to be gained by taking a senti-mental, rather than sensible, view of this subject. We must not shut our eyes to facts for the sake of seeing pleasing visions in the realm of fancy. The Scriptures of truth do not speak of this age as an age of peace. They warn men of a time when the cry, "Peace and safety" will be the precurser of "sudden destruction." 2 Thess. 5:3. The inspired utterances, above all others, demand our attention now. If peace is to be promoted in the earth, it will be by means of the gospel of Jesus Christ. There will come a time when "the meek shall inherit the earth, and shall delight themselves in the abundance of peace." Ps. 37 : 11. But that time will be when the judgments of the final day shall have swept the wicked Out of existence and a new creation shall have come in the place of that so long cursed by sin. Governmental Chaplains. BY H. F. PHELPS. THE usual " contest " over the chaplaincy in the va-rious legislatures is now the order of the day. A reporter of the St. Rini Dispatch, says that "In the house there* will undoubtedly be a hot contest for the privilege of keeping up communication between the two very remote . powers." It could well be added that such a farce as is often enacted in the name of religion in the utterly vain attempt to do this, could not be, if there were not found in our Government this relic of Church and State union. The reporter suggests that "it would seem that there .should not be such a contest for the place, but there is." But such a contest would never again be possible if the various legislatures would abolish the "place," Why not do it? What Satolli Accomplished. BY M. E. KELLOGG. EVER since Mgr. Satolli came to this country as Apostolic Delegate, it has been apparent that there was, in spite of a calm exterior, a deep under-current of clash-ing interests in the Catholic 'Church of the United States. There have been,two parties in the Catholic Church here. One party wished to partake of the liberal spirit of the age and of this nation which has for the last one hundred years and more set the pace for the age in a liberal direc-tion; the other party desired that the American Catholic Church should eliminate from herself the liberal tenden-cies of the country and age, and take on habiliments more in harmony with the Catholic Church of the past. To settle these differences in harmony with the mind of the present Pope and in accordance with the historical character of the Roman Catholic Church was the object of Mgr. Satolli's mission to this country. Upon his arri-val, each party strove to win Mgr. Satolli to its side of the controversy. Had the Apostolic Delegate been an American, an Englishman, a Frenchman, or a German, he would have been more liable to sympathize with the spirit of liberality. But he was none of these. He was an ItalianŠan It alian who does not accept any liberty for Italy except what the Pope may grant; an Italian whose mind from his earliest days has been saturated with the Catholic Church philosophy of the Dark Ages; and who had but one object in coming to America, and that was to cheek the liberal and independent spirit seen in the American Catholic Church. The leading Catholic papers have all along denied 'that there was any such contention in the Catholic Church. They have asserted over and over again that these contentions in the church existed only in the minds of jealous. Protestants; and that the church in America was perfectly united. But now that it is all over, and Satolli has put the brake down firm on liberalism, and the bishops have learned submission to the august pon-tiff who occupies the chair of Peter, the story is freely told. The editor of the Western Watchman, in an author-ized and official digest of the Catholic Church affairs in the United States of the past year, written for a denom-inational symposium in the New  York Independent of January 7, practically admits all that has been sug-gested of the contentions and their causes in the Catholic-Church in the United States. He admits that "the shock of the first encounter shook the whole AmericanChurch." The result was that " when the smoke of the conflict wasŁ  lifted and we could see the result, Satolli was found in.  possession of the field, and his opponents fled over a thousand leagues of seas." Of the surrender of the American Catholic bishops toŁ the will of Satolli, he further says:Š " Never was there in the history of the world so pow-erful a class as the Catholic hierarchy from its institution 