440 AMERICAN SENTINEL. BISHOP POTTER, of the Episcopal Church, having as-serted that the Bible is simply "a literature," and that occurrences narrated in it which conflict with "reason" and "natural possibility" are to be rejected as lacking proof, the New York Sun makes reply that by this rule the cardinal doctrines of Christianity would have to be rejected, since all these rest on dogma, which must be accepted, if at all, without proof. This falls under the eye of the Truth Seeker (atheist organ), and is immedi-ately indorsed with the statement that "This position, that Christian theology rests on dogma and not on evi-dence, is impregnable." Trns plainly shows the real nature of the "higher criticism" to be atheism in disguise. But is the state-ment true that the cardinal doctrines of Christianity must be accepted without any warrant in reason and human experience? The Sun says it is; and atheism, of course, says so. If it is, then those doctrines are as worthless for any practical purpose as the mummies of Egypt, and should be discarded accordingly. No matter what use may have been made of them once, if they are now dead, as the past is dead, they are mere curiosities of the past, and nothing more. * AND if they are such, the Bible itself is false; for it asserts that "man shall not live, by bread alone, but by every word of God," and it comes to us as the Word of God. If men cannot live by its words to day,Šif it is a museum rather than a storehouse of food, it does not speak the truth. THE Sun says that "The Bible itself is wholly dog-matic in its authority. Its canon was fixed by the church, so far as it is fixed. No other evidence as to its divinity appears." This position may do for the Catho-lic Church, but it will not answer for Protestants. The Catholic Church claims to be the only authority Protest-ants have on the question of what is the Word of God and what is not. Thus the Bible rests on the authority of the church, and the church, in turn, rests on the au-thority of the Bible! A wonderful combination of sup-port and superstructure io this, of a truth! OF course, if the Catholic Church rests on the Bible, the Bible cannot rest on the Catholic Church; so that if the Catholic Church has any support at all (for if the Bible be not its support it has none), it does not sup-port the Bible; and thus its claim to be the authority for the Bible disproves itself. The Bible does not rest upon the church, nor does it rest upon dogma; it has a far different and better support than the word of man. * THE atheist journal, inquires, "How can the Fall of Man be proved by natural evidence? What support do-we find in nature for the Incarnation, Redemption, Atonement, Resurrection, and Ascension?" It asserts that there is "none whatever," and that "unless they are accepted without proof they cannot be accepted at all." * * Now IN reality all these things have the very best proof; namely, demonstration. They are all demon-strated in human experience. TheŁIncarnation is the mystery of God dwelling in human flesh. That was seen in the person of Jesus of Nazareth, and is repeated in the person of the true Christian to-day. "I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live, yet not I, but Christ liv-eth in me" (Gal. 2:20), is the doctrine of Christianity; and the life is attested by the works. "Christ in you, the hope of glory," is the "mystery of godliness" to-day. Col. 1:27. REDEMPTION is salvation from sin; and this is a part of the Christian's daily experience. His whole life is changed, the whole current of his desires and aims turned into a new channel. He is freed from the "law of sin and death" which before had led him in the paths of vice and crime. Are there any people in the world who have been thus reclaimed? and is there any reality to their redemption? Such questions do not demand a serious answer. THE Atonement is the at-one ment,Šthe bringing back of the individual into harmony with God. The proof of this harmony is that the individual loves God. He would not love God if he was at enmity with him. His love to God is shown by his desire to live in har-mony with the will of God, expressed in his command-ments. * THE Resurrection is attested by the fact that Christ lives. He lives in every one who has been crucified with him. The Christian life is the life of Christ, and if Christ does not live there is no Christian life on the earth. Is there any Christian life seen on the earth? There is not 