AMERICAN SENTINEL. 537 these would have to be counted out of the Gov-ernment, or the governmental, recognition of God would be a lie and a piece of base hypocrisy ; for when the Government speaks, it speaks for all those composing it. It would be a lie and hypocrisy in the case of every dissenter from it; and in a land where there is so little unanimity of religious belief as is seen here, the dissenters would be by no means few. Many of these, however, for the sake of policy, would pretend to acquiese in the popular view; hence the recognition of God could not fail to be a lie and a piece of hypocrisy at the very best. At the very best it would be a base insult to Him whose all-seeing eye discerns the secret motives of men's hearts. And who cannot see, in addition to this, the religious controversy, the struggle for suprem-acy between the sects, which such a proceeding would necessarily engender? FOR all these reasons the SENTINEL is opposed to a governmental recognition of God; and for being so op-posed, it is denounced by the Wesleyan Methodist as being " out and out infidel, and preposterous in every way." If to oppose a lying, hypocritical act alike in-sulting to God and unjust to man, is "preposterous," then we prefer to be preposterous; and we will let the Wesleyan Methodist occupy the opposite ground. IT is announced from Rome that the pope is disap-pointed in the encyclical put forth by the Pan-Anglican Conference of the Anglican church, because it not only does not favor a closer union between the English and Roman churches, but advocates "resistance to the usurp-ations of the holy see." THE United States has sent a representive of its War Department, in the person of an aged general of wide experience in the military affairs of this country, to in-spect, and of course report upon, the development of militarism in Europe. In fact, it is said that he has already sent two reports of his observations to the War Department regarding the conduct of the late conflict between Turkey and Greece,Šand that now he remains to witness the autumn maneuvers of the German army. To the traveler through Germany, and the transient resident in its garrison towns, which term might apply to most of the German towns and cities, it would seem that the business of Germany is war, and that all its commercial and other prosperity is used but as a means to further the one great end of development of militarism. The American general is well qualified by his intimate knowledge of the terrors and barbarities of battle, and the impossibility of reconciling the end and purpose of a military life with the requirements of a Christian life, to warn the government of this country-  against the further development of militarism in the United States. It would be an unexpected thing if he should do so. But he coUld  have no better text for such a warning than the great military plays which he is now witnessing. Intolerance in Manitoba. RELIGIOUS intolerance has shown itself in Manitoba. The situation is set before, us in the following letter, from a reader of the SENTINEL in Winnipeg:Š Winnipeg, Manitoba, Aug. 23, 1897. EDITORS AMERICAN SENTINEL: I write to inform you that the spirit of persecution has again broken out in this province. During the present summer three of our people have been arrested in different parts of this field for Sunday labor. The first was Jacob Nickel of Morden, who was released and sent home when it was found he would go to jail rather than pay a fine. This occurred in June. Last week John McKelvy was incarcerated in the jail at Portage La Prairie, for Sunday work. His time in jail was to be five days, which will expire tomorrow, August 24. Last Friday Edward Kelly of Winnipeg was sum-moned to appear the next day, to answer to the charge of carrying on his ordinary occupation on "the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." I enclose an extract from the evening edition of the Free Press :Š " On the docket of the city police court this morning, appeared the name of the well-known barber, Mr. Edward Kelly, who is charged with violating the Sab-bath ordinance by shaving customers on Sunday. This case is likely to develop into one of the moat interesting that has ever come before the police court. Mr. Kelly is a Seventh-clay Adventist, and in accordance with his re-ligious belief he observes Saturday as the Sabbath day. On that day his shop on Market Street is closed. On Sunday, however, Mr. Kelly keeps his shop open for his customers. It is understood that the Barbers' Union is behind the prosecution in this case. "Mr. Kelly discussing the matter this morning, said: observe the Sabbath day and keep it holy as my Bible teaches me. The Sabbath day, according to my Bible teaching is Saturday and on that day my shop is never opened. I have arranged with my customers to shave them on Sunday. This is a matter of conscience with me and I consider this prosecution an injustice.' " But your religious beliefs will scarcely be accepted as excuse for violating the laws of the land?' " am obeying the laws of God. I will obey the laws of man when they do not conflict with the laws of God, but when they do I will not raise man above God. I will go to jail before I will submit to injustice. If by going to jail Lcan help mankind to see the truth of the gospel I will willingly go.' " The case was enlarged until Monday at Mr. Kelly's request. On Monday he will be ready to submit his de-fense to the court." On Monday the ease was again enlarged till Friday, the 27th. Mr. Kelly desires to become acquainted with the law in the case, and carry it to the Supreme Court if convicted in the lower courts. We await the outcome with deep interest. Yours truly, W. H. FALCONER. 