608 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 28, 1899. Fr is expected now that the case of Mr. A. J. Waters, of Rome, Ga., on trial for Sunday work, will not come up in the Supreme Court of that State before October. THE French government has de-clared the "Dreyfus incident" closed. In this world, however, "incidents" have a habit of remaining unsettled until they are settled right; and whether the case is really closed or not rests upon the decision of a Judge who is not French. WE are informed that the case of Mr. J. T. Eaton, of Rome, Ga., who was tried and convicted last spring for hoeing in his garden on Sunday, and which was to have come before the higher court on appeal at about this date, has been postponed to the December term. AT a political convention held in Omaha last week, a sentiment ex-Tressed by the chairman and ap_ -proved by the audience was this: -"Though war be frightful, through its channels has come the progress of the world. Though the islands in the Far East be red with blood, the result will be civilization where sav-agery exists; Christianity where pa-ganism abides; progress where fes-ters decay." Then why not have war every-where, in order that there may be general progress and that Chris-tianity may supplant heathenism throughout the earth! THE Lord himself does not assume the right to govern another intelli-gence in the universe without that other's consent; and when such a  right is assumed by finite man, it is only made manifest that "fools rush in where angels fear to tread." THE chaplain of a Nebraska regi-ment, Rev. Mr. Mailley, said recently in a speech before a political conven-tion that, while he was for the right in time of peace, "after the old flag has been fired upon by an enemy whom we are trying to save and civ-ilize, then I am for the Administra-tion, right or wrong." And that is abciut what army chap-plains are for, all the time. NOTICE.--Every one of our readers is requested to notice our offer on page 607, and then send us either their re-newal or a new subscription, or both, before the end of the week. Now THAT the pope has become the confidential adviser of the President regarding affairs in the Philippines, Cuba, etc., not indeed as a member of the CabinPt or through an accred-ited ambassador to the Government, but as a "distinguished foreigner," the question may be asked how much advice this "distinguished foreigner" has to give in the matter. When will he be through giving his advice? Will he ever be through? If we know anything about papal principles and precedents, this question is decidedly pertinent. MITCH attention is now being paid in this country to the discussion of the trusts. At Chicago and else-where leading orators have been speaking their minds on the subject to large audiences, and various plans have been proposed for elimi-nating or controlling this baleful new power in commercial life; so far, however, without arriving at definite results. Is it possible to subdue the trusts Što overcome the power of these great business combines? It is pro- posed to overcome them by legisla-tion; but can the people legislate more effectively than the trusts? Legislation must be reached through politics, and the trusts have become pretty well established in politics. Here in New York City, for example, there is a power trust which is purely political. The political trust is one of the oldest and most notorious of trusts. It is composed of the "boss" and his political machine. The people have the votes, the trusts have the money; which side is best equipped for the contest? At this point we must remember that money can buy votes. And this is a fact which is always turned to big account in a political campaign. Money runs the political "machine," and the politicalmachine has become the dominant power in politics. Nobody appears to favor the trusts; they have been often fiercely denounced, and in some States legis-lated against; yet they continue to flourish and multiply without appar-ent check. Unless they contain the germ of their own destruction, they are likely to continue their rule in the commercial world. CLERGYMEN who see things as they are, and are not afraid to state them as they see them, are not any too common these days, but one such is the Rev. Dr. Mackennal, an English-man, who said before the Interna-tional Congregational Council in Boston: "There will be no end to the liability of war until nations are Christian in the sense that men and women are so; and in this sense there is not and never has been a Christian nation." , THAT the pope is a good politician need not be thought at all strange in view of the fact that the whole papal system is the outcome of poli-tics in the church. No oue not a good church politician can ever become pope, and a good church politician is a good politician all around. 