182 THE AMEIRICA.N SENTIN8L. that place.the church and the Government ?ŠIt establishes the union of Church and State, with the Church as the supreme factor. This is the logical outcome of going back to "the provincial history of the country" for a criterion of gov-ernment. Considering the cost of throwing off that old provincial yoke, what American freeman is pre-pared to place himself under a similar policy? And what shall we say of a religious movement that seeks to relegate our free institutions into the merles of such fanaticism and bigotry? It is clea manifest that such a Constitution as the National Reformers would make, would have very little of godly principles attached to it, though the name were repeated in every sentence. When the people of this Nation consent to be governed without their consent, they will have sold themselves into an abject slavery from which they will never recover. But such is the condi-tion into which the national deformers would lead us. The Reason. DURING the recent session of the National Re-form Convention in Sedalia, Missouri, Mrs. Kate L. Shaw, State superintendent of the W. C. T. U., sprung the question as to why the Sunday law of that State is not enforced. Dr. Brooks, of Kan-sas City, endeavored to give some reasons, and first of all he said : " The Christian people of this country do not raise such a protest as to compel the officers to enforce the law; if the preachers would speak out on this question I believe these officials would be more faithful than they are." Now why don't the preachers speak out? That question can easily be answered for them: The law doesn't reach the class that the preachers really want to get at. _ The reason the Missouri law is not enforced can be gathered from the experience of Arkan-sas. The law in that State was not enforced until the clause exempting those who kept the seventh-day Sabbath was repealed. But no sooner was that action secured than the preachers began to " speak out," and the officials were " more faith-ful"--not, however, in closing up saloons, or Sunday theaters, or stopping base-ball games, but in seeking out quiet seventh-day keepers who pursued their rural vocations on Sunday, miles away from any public place. And when the ex-emption was restored, the execution of the law ceased, and its friends are now "speaking out" loudly, not for the enforcement of the law on the rowdy elements of society, but for the repeal of that exemption. They aim to work energetically to that end for the next two years, until the next session of the Legislature, and in the, mean-time they make no effort to have the law enforced. So in Missouri, Dr. Brooks said that twenty thousand people attended a Sunday base-ball game in Kansas City, "and the shouts and yells of that vast concourse of people shook the air from center to circumference of that city ; there was no spot in Kansas City where you could not hear them." Yet the officers did not stop it, nor did the preachersŠnot even the Rev. D. D. speaker him-selfŠ"speak out" to enter a complaint and have the disgraceful proceeding shut off. So it is plain that the saloons, and the hoodlum games, are not the game that the Sunday-law people want. They will stumble right over that and not even attempt to catch it. But it is safe to predict that if the exemption clause of the Missouri Sunday law were repealed,  the preachers, and especially Dr. Brooks, would " speak out " in thunder tones, and the officers would suddenly become "more faithful" in hunt-ing up those who should rest and worship on the seventh day, and then on Sunday engage in the noisy occupation of painting the back part of a house or digging potatoes. W. N. GLENN. The Sunday Law: How It Will Affect American Institutions. THOSE who plead for laws to protect the "American Sabbath," evidently use this term in order to appeal to the patriotism of others who are justly proud of our country, and who have a jealous regard for the American institutions. But hOw will the enforcement by law of an insti-tution that was venerable before this continent was thought of, affect those principles of liberty and equality which are distinctively American? First, in order to make a national Sunday law effective the instrument called the American Con-stitution must be so amended as to allow laws to be enforced which will not only discriminate in favor of the religious opinions of one class, but at the same time abridge the religious rights of an-other, and the inalienable rights of all. For as Sunday is without dispute a religious institution, any effort to enforce its observance by law is a blow aimed directly at one of the fundamental principles of our Government, namely, religious liberty, that principle to which, more than any other, we are indebted for our country's greatness; that principle which has enabled sixty millions of people of almost every shade of religious opinion to dwell on the same soil in united self-govern-ment. Second, there is in this country an enterpris-ing and rapidly-increasing people who not only insist on using their own discretion in regard to the observance of days, but who claim that there is no divine warrant for the observance of the first day of the week as holy time ; that the Sunday institution is un-American, un-Christian, and unholy. They consider it their duty to prop-agate their doctrine to the world ; thus, by precept and example, others are influenced to disregard Sunday and Sunday laws; but he who influences others to violate the civil law becomes a party to crime; in fact, a ring-leader. Hence, in order to make Sunday laws effective laws must be passed which will make criminals of virtuous and law-abiding citizens, and abolish that boasted institu-tion of civil liberty, 'freedom of speech." But the end is not yet. The subject will be discussed by the secular and religious press. Books, pamphlets, and tracts already flood the country, and will continue to be published, which denounce all legislation on religious questions, and which also give arguments against the Sun-day itself. In order to make the Sunday law ef-fective this must be prohibited by law. Another valued American institution must step aside, and soon the freedom of the press will be a thing of the past. But the matter will not end here; the argu-ments contained in the printed matter already in circulation, bristling as they are with scriptural and historical facts, will be a constant menace to the "American Sabbath," until this literature is gathered together and burned. But still men will read and ponder and obey the teachings of that Book of all books, which is the foundation of their faith, until that too is taken from them and given to the flames. In fact, in order successfully to fierce any religious form, institution, or rite,  upon this Nation of freemen, our freedom must be abolished, our Constitution shattered, and our whole social and political fabric overturned. American citizeng, fellow-countrymen, are you ready to forge the shackles for your own enslave-ment? Are you ready to unite with conspirators against our Government ? If so, use your influ-ence in favor of the Sunday law. If not, fight it with all your might. E. P. DEXTER. Topeka, Kansas, May 12, 1889. From a Jewish Standpoint. RABBI KRANSEOPF, D. D., in an article: in the Jewish Times and Observer, calls attention to the tendencies of the present time by giving in-stances of like cause and effect in the past. Following is an extract from his article :Š "Religion is again clamoring for worldly power. It is forgetting that its mission is simply to sup-port the hand of the State, by a scrupulous attend-ing to its own duties, in its own legitimate sphere,. and not to meddle with the State in the exercise of its function. " I am not an alarmist, and yet when, in a re-publican Government like ours, which guarantees liberty of conscience and freedom of worship to every man, such signs of religious interference with the duties of the State are beginning to man-ifest themselves, there is indeed reason for alarm. Religion has grown tired of being simply the coadjutor to the State. It is striving for the supremacy, and that spirit is inimical to civiliza-tion. It has been attempted before, and with grievous consequences. Collect all the misery which despotism and corruption have inflicted upon individuals and nations; measure, if you can, the flood of tears that was shed for a miserable existence, for crushed fortunes, for disappointed! hopes ; and still even this aggregate of misery will not be able to give you a conception of all the sufferings that were endured by human kind during the supremacy of religion over the tem-poral power. "Ask for the date of that age when a deep black cloud of appalling ignorance rested over the people; when the intellect lay fettered; when the industries were paralyzed ; when the word "liberty" was not to be found in the vocabulary of the people ; when the physical sciences were per-secuted as being incompatible with revealed truth ; when all researches were prohibited, under the severest punishment, as being pernicious to piety; when the grossest superstitions were forced upon the people; when blind credulity and unquestion-ing belief were made the first articles of their creed ; when the most repulsive corruptions pre. veiled even within the church itself; when even; the clergy was void of every sting of conscience,, drunken, lost in sensuality, rioting in open immo-, rality, trafficking with religion for the purpose of enlarging their opportunities for debauchery,--and the answer will be, All this prevailed during that age in which religion was the sole mistress of the people." THE only freedom which deserves the name is of pursuing our own good in our own way, so,  long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to attain it. Each is the proper guardian of his own health, whether bodily, or mental, or spiritual. Mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good to themselves than by compelling each to live as seems good to the rest.ŠJohns Stuart Mill. 