THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 359 the co-operation of a leading journal in each city. The newspaper approached will be asked to pre-sent a petition to Congress to rescind the Sunday closing act. Readers of these papers will be asked to sign the petition and the paper will support the movement editorially. It is expected that hun-dreds of thousands of names will be signed to the petitions which will be forwarded to the Washing-ton office of the organization and presented to Congress with much ceremony on the same day. The Chicago people are convinced that the peti-tions presented to Congress by the American Sab-bath Union when the appropriation bill was pend-ing was the influence that secured the passage of the Sunday closing measure. They think the same tactics will secure its repeal. If this Association would work on the correct principles of governmental non-interference in re-ligious matters the good 'done by it might be very great; but if it acknowledges the authority of Con-gress, legislature and courts, in such matters and only seeks for a paltry compromise, its action will only rivet the chains, of religious law, and empha- , size still further the theory of the authority of men over the religious views and observance of their neighbors. ON November 1, a bill was introduced in the Leg-islature of Vermont to amend the statute of that State prohibiting Sunday work, hunting, etc. The present Sunday law of Vermont as given in the Revised laws of Vermont, 1881, Chap. 202, Sec. 4315, reads:Š Any person who between twelve o'clock Satur-day night and sunset on the following Sunday exercises any business or employment except such only as works of necessity and charity, or is pres-ent at any public assembly except such as is held for social and religious worship and moral instruc-tion, or travels, except from necessity or charity, or visits from house to house, except from motives of humanity or charity, or for moral or religious edi-fication, or holds or resorts to any ball or dance, or uses or exercises any game, sport or play, or re-sorts to any tavern, inn or house of entertainment for amusement or recreation, shall be fined not more than two dollars. The proposed amendment to this section increases the fine from two dollars to twenty dollars. Another clause in the law is:Š SECTION 4316. A person who hunts, shoots or pursues, takes or kills wild game or other birds or animals, or discharges any fire-arms, except in the just defense of person or property, or in the per-formance of military or police duty, on Sunday, shall be fined ten dollars, one half to go to the per-son who makes the complaint and one-half to the State. The fine in this section is to be increased to twenty-five dollars. These are the " stakes " that are being driven, while the Sabbath Union and Law and Order League are " getting the ropes ready." USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. -o-:---- We will send the Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, post-paid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history. Paper bound, 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. GEIKIE, D. D. This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The signs or the Times is a 16-page weekly religious journal, and will be furnished a the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year, post-paid, - - - $1.50. In clubs of 10 and over to one address, - - 1.26. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - ($2) 8s. Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A. "National Reform Success Means Religious Persecution" Is an excellent publication to loan or give to those who think that there is no dan-ger in the National Reform movement. It is No. 26 of the Sentinel Library and costs one cent per copy; 50 cents per hun dred. "Why We Oppose Religious Legislation" Is an excellent tract to put into the hands of your neighbors and friends to explain to them your attitude toward Sunday laws and kindred measures. It is No. 21 of the Sentinel Library, and will cost you only 3 cents per copy, or $1.50 per hun-dred. A single copy might be loaned to, and be read by, several of your neighbors. " A Civil Sabbath," No. 30 of the Sentinel Library, is just the thing to expose the fallacies of the so-called " civil Sabbath " argument. More people are astray on this question than on almost any other bearing upon religious legislation. The candid can be set straight on it at the cost of one cent each, for that is the price of this tract;'or one tract might be loaned to several readers which would give still greater results at very small ex-pense. This tract will also be furnished at 50 cents per hundred. HISTORY OF THE WALDENSES, 93y J. A. Wylie, IsL.611). ILLUSTRATED BY 20 FULL-PAGE ENGRAVINGS. This work describes the conflicts waged by the Waldenses, and the martyrdoms they endured in defense of their faith and their liberty. Recent events have brought the Waldenses to notice, and thrown a new light upon the grandeur of their struggle and the important issues which have flowed from it. In their mountain fastnesses they maintained the faith of the early Christians, and by their untiring missionary labors, this faith was diffused to all the nations of Europe, thus prepar-ing the way for the great Reformation. This his-tory is well calculated to strengthen our faith in the power of the gospel to sustain the soul of the believer under the most bitter and cruel persecu-tion, and to incite to perseverance in the cause of the Master. 212 pages. Price 90c. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH & CASTRO STREETS, I 43 BOND STREET, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK. The Munson Typewriter A Chicago Product. Latest and Best. SPEEDŠWonderful. TOUCHŠLight and Elastic. WEIGHTŠWithout Case II Pounds 12 oz. KEYSŠThirty, with Ninety Characters. KEYBOARDŠUniversal, Easily Learned. ALIGNMENTŠPerfect and Permanent. TYPE WHEELŠSteel and Interchangeable. LANGUAGESŠSeven. FOUND AT LAST! A POCKET SPELLER, DICTION-ARY, AND MEMORANDUM BOOK COMBINED. It gives the right orthography of al words (over 22,800) in common use, and in nearly every instance their definition. It also gives rules for the use of capitals and punctuation marks, abbreviations of names of States and Territories, letters of intro- duction and recommendation, definitions of commercial terms, forms of notes, due bills, receipts, letters of credit, orders for money, merchandise and goods Ł stored, principal holidays, marriage anni- versaries, combination of shades, and carefully selected laws of etiquette in social and business life, also a silicate slate for memoran- dums. This Speller gives the most complete list of words in com-mon use; it is a Speller, Dictionary, Handy Companion, and Memorandum Book combined; it is indexed: it prints all word s pronounced alike but spelled differently, so they can be dis-tinguished at a glance; it shows where the letter e at the end of a word is to be dropped when adding ed or ing; it gives a com-plete list of the most practical business forms; it gives the laws of etiquette in social and business life; these rules alone are worth the price of the Speller. This Speller is bound in leather, is of convenient size to be carried in vest pocket, and its price brings it within the reach of all. American Russia leather, gilt edge, 50 cents. Sent post-paid to any address on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 43 Bond St., New York City. SOCIAL, PURITY. BY J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. Just from the press, a new and attractive edition of this popular little work, carefully re-vised, and with much fresh, excellent matter added. This is not a dry, dull homily, which will be thrown down by the reader before the middle of the first page is reached, but a live, vigorous, and " telling ' little work, written in the interests of pure morals and worthy citizenship. Nothing more chaste, concise, and effective in the line of social purity literature has ever been written. The special attention of all social purity organizations throughout the country is called to this work. Between one and two hundred thou-sand copies are already sold. Order largely and scatter widely, if you would preach to the people the gospel of clean living. 82 pages; single copy, 25 cents. Write for special terms per 100 on large orders. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, I have had a Munson typewriter n constant use for over a year, and consider it in many respects, the best typewriter in the market. It is small, light and compact. It is as handsome as a watch, and looks more like an ornament than a thing of use. The Munson will do anything that any other will do, and as quickly and well, if not quicker and better. J. A. WALDRON, Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper, New York City. After a year's use of the Munson typewriter, I heartily pronounce it as being unexcelled by any machine in the market. In the direction of clearness and beauty of type, and alignment, it is without a rival. L. J. LIVELY, Manager, D. Appleton & Co., Chicago. The Munson is certainly the equal of any machine  for speed and general efficiency as an office machine; and when it comes to traveling there is nothing like it. DR. E. J. WAGGONER, London, England. I like the Munson machine very much. It is doing me good service, and I can recommend it to all who want a typewriter. 0. A. 01..,snx, Pres. S. D. A. Gen. Conf., Battle Creek, Mich. I would not exchange my Munson typewriter for any typewriter on the market. L. C. CHADWICK, Pres. I. T. & M. Soc., Bridgtown, Barbadoes. Address, The Munson Typewriter Co., Or, A. F. Ballenger, Special Agent, 162 La Salle St., CHICAGO. ILL. 28 College Place, CHICAGO, ILL. 