254 THE AUVIERTAN 8VNITINVL. employees on transportation lines or in the public service, at least seventeen Sundays in the course of the year. In extreme cases, or in the interest of the State, men may work in factories on Sunday by government permission, but must not work two Sundays in succession. A new and important railway has made absolute freedom from Sunday traffic, for twenty-five years, a clause in its charter. In France, employees are required to rest one day in seven, but that is not necessarily the Sabbath. Shopping and' public business are decreasing in con-sequence of the efforts of the Sunday-rest league. In Germany, factories, mills and workshops of all kinds are closed on Sunday by imperial command. Bazaars and shops may not remain open more than five hours. Sunday race-meetings are frowned upon by the Emperor, and as the favors of the powers that be is necessary to success, they are very unsatisfactory affairs. In Holland there is a general movement for Sunday rest. Some of the most influential papers have ceased to issue their Sunday numbers, freight traffic is suspended, and laws are passed protecting women and minors from demands for Sunday labor. Hungary has laws making the hours of rest from labor from 6 P. K. on Saturday to midnight on Sunday. The rest movement is gaining ground rapidly in other particulars. Sweden, Norway and Denmark all have restrictive Sunday laws, the latter forbidding work in factories between 9 A. M. and midnight. While the most urgent petitions have been sent to the head of the church, there has been no advance in the Sunday movement in Russia. The utmost disregard for the Sabbath is manifested in many respects, the people seeming to forget that there is any Sabbath to observe. Upon the whole, the situ-ation is most encouraging, and shows marked im-provement within a few years as well as evidences of a still further advance in the near future. One of the first steps toward the fearful and bloody record of church domination, during the Middle Ages was the enact-ment for Sunday observance in the fourth century. That which led to ecclesiastical tyranny then will 'do it just as surely now. The proper thing to do is to beware of the first steps. The Church and Politics. THE Church is a heaven-born institution. Its work is to bring man to Christ. To the Church is committed the work of rec-onciliation. Of the Church, Christ said: " Ye are not of the world, even as I am not of the world," and, " Be not ye un-equally yoked together with unbelievers." In the days of Christ, his Church was clothed with the power of the Spirit of God. She was then in her purity, but as she grew in numbers, she inclined to the world. As she drank of the spirit of the world, she lost the power of the Holy Ghost. Many of the leaders became cor-rupt; and soon it was "Like priest, like people;" the bishops each desirous of vainglory and self-exaltation; so it was with the Church. As she had lost the power of the, Holy Ghost, she sought the power of the civil arm. As she departed from the living God, the institutions of God were supplanted by the institutions of men. Many pagan institutions were christened and became the institutions of the Church. Not conscious of her fall, she supposed she was right, and all others wrong, so, the evil-doer must be restrained. As she could not do this by the power of that Spirit which she had lost, she allied herself to the State. She secured the con-trol of the civil arm, and used it for the interests of the Church. The bishops became political wire-pullers; and the Church a religio-political organization. Thus was developed the Papacy; and as she was, in her own opinion, the true church, and everybody else was wrong, and, to the Church' was committed the work of correcting the evil-doer, she set about the work of making Christians by law. The most successful step in this line, as  history shows, was the securing of severe Sunday laws. This led to persecution. But Catholics deny that the church ever persecuted; she only sustained the law. But the church was responsible for the law. The law was in the interests of re-ligious institutions; and they invaded the realm of conscience. Therefore the en-forcement of the law was religious perse-cution, and the church did persecute. As she was only a religio-political organiza-tion, and controlled the civil arm for the enforcement of her own institutions, she has always been only a persecuting power. Now this is one picture. Protestants will say it is a true picture. Now look at an-other picture, and see if it is not equally true. The Reformation began. The Reform-ers protested against the encroachments of the Papacy. A mighty work was accom-plished, for it was of God. Protestants multiplied, but a change came in. Popu-larity, pride, and the love of the world has well nigh crowded out the spirit of true piety. As they have leaned to the world, the spirit of Christ has departed. Having lost the spirit of Christ, they lean to the mother church. The ways of Rome are fast becoming the ways of Protestants. In the mother they now see beauties, where heretofore they only saw deformi-ties. The dross, to them, now shines like the pure gold, and they cater to her wishes. Few there be who any longer protest. With her they have entered the political arena. Like her, unconscious of the loss of holy power, they seek the power of the civil arm, to enforce upon others the in-stitutions of the Church, some of which she borrowed from the mother church. With her, they are becoming intolerant. As she did,. so do they. As she was most successful when she secured her Sunday laws; so they are demanding the same Sunday laws, that they, too, may make Christians (?) by law. Can it be that Protestantism is a failure ? Are Protest-ants making an image to the Papacy, and is it to be a living image ? Are they set-ting up an image of worship, which will yet be used by Rome a§ an aid in be-coming mistress of the world ? I call upon Protestants to awake. Soon, too soon, it will be too late. Rome has her clutches upon the vitals of this Nation, and Protestants are forging their own chains. Did I say Protestants ? It is fallen Protestants that are doing this ; the true will never do it. True Protest-ants still protest.ŠPablius, in the Protest-ant American, Springfield, Mo., July 15. As the country at large awakens to the fact that Congress has really assumed to itself the power to close the World's Fair on Sunday, and has passed an act which does accomplish that, there will be a gene-ral expression of dissatisfaction with the act, and very likely quite a widespread attempt to secure its reversal. It is not at all likely that this will be gained. In-deed it is very certain that it will not. Such an attempt is advisable, however, from an educational point of view. While it was certain that what has been done, would be done, it is just as certain that much more will be done than has been done. The quickest way to learn what will be done, and to understand how evil a thing it both is and will be, is to be told what has been done and why it should not have been done. Agitate! Educate! Ask Congress to reverse its action, and say why. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Peoria Transcript thinks that perhaps the reason why Senator Quay strove so zealously to prevent the " desecration " of Sunday at the World's Fair is because he thinks it should be kept sacred to politics. AT a convention of the Brotherhood of Carpen-ters, just held at St. Louis, Mo., a resolution was adopted protesting against closing the World's Fair on Sunday, and petitioning Congress to reconsider its action on. Sunday closing. AT the second annual convention of the Catholic Total Abstinence Union of America, held at Indian-apolis, Ind., the committee on resolutions pre-sented a paragraph favoring the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday. The clause met with much oppo,ition and was finally expunged. DIRECTOR LYMAN GAGE, of the World's Fair Directory, says, " We shall doubtless go before Congress next December and ask for the repeal of the Sunday closing clause. I think within the next six months the real feeling of the people will be brought to the surface. Petitions will probably be circulated among those in favor of Sunday open-ing, and if we can convince Congress that the pop-ular side has not yet been heard, it will doubtless permit us to open the Fair. If, however, it contin-ues to feel that the preponderance of sentiment is still the other way, we will have to abide the re-sult." THE New York Morning Advertiser says of the proviso closing the World's Fair on Sunday: "The restriction against opening the Fair on Sun-day must not be taken as an expression of opinion on the part of Congress on the question of Sunday closing. . . . This prohibitory clause was put in the bill as a piece of petty spite and malice. The Democratic majority was opposed to the World's Fair. . . . Its design was to cripple the Fair as much as possible,' and if this paltry gift is accepted with the conditions attached, it will in-deed prove a serious handicap." OF the Sunday opening of the Museum of Natural History, in this city, the correspondent of the Chi-cago Tribune says :Š " To day for the first time the American Museum of Natural History was open to the public on Sun-day. The opening day was successful in every par-ticular beyond the anticipations of the managers. The doors of the museum were opened at 1 o'clock and the crowd cowmenced to throng the halls at once. People of all classes were there, but labor-ing men and women and their families were in the majority. The peculiarity of to-day's crowd was the number of family groups. Few persons came alone. Usually the whole family came in a bunch and strolled for hours in the cool and well-lighted halls. It is eight years since the movement was started which resulted first in Sunday opening of the Museum of Art and recently overcame the strongest kind of opposition in the board of the Museum of Natural History." MRS. MARIETTA M. BONES, who has been promi-nent in political and so6ial matters in South Dakota, writes thus to the Boston Investigator of Aug. 10 :Š Mr, Editor: Upon reading so many protests in your excellent paper against the action of our good senator (R. F. Pettigrew) upon closing the World's Fair on Sunday, and knowing that he is neither pious nor a bigot, I wrote him my regrets at learning of his stand in this matter; but his answer convinces me that his work in this behalf is simply a case of mistaken kindness on his part to the laborer; fo'r he not only regrets that I am on the wrong side of the subject, but admits: " I favor the closing of the Fair not so much on account of the religious senti-ment, but because I thought that if we did not do it the day was liable to be lost to the laboring man 