10 T-1-1E AMERICAN SENTINEL. ;142e din2eFicar2 Se01?el. OASLAND, CALIFORNIA, APRIL, 1887. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE National Convention for National Re-form meets in Chicago, May 11, 12. The SENTINEL will be represented there and our June issue will have a full report of the most important of the proceedings. NATIONAL REFORM has bestowed upon the Saviour a new title. He is now " The divine politician." Babylon the great, the mother of harlots, is said to be "full of names of blas-phemy," and this, her youngest daughter, is fast following in the steps of the mother. THE National Reformers are determined to have the nation a moral person, even though they have to create it such. In the Cincinnati Convention, 1872, Prof. J. R. W. Sloane said of a nation, that its "true figure is that of a colossal man," having " consciousness," " will," " purpose," and " a joul." " District Secre-tary" Rev. J. M. Foster, carries forward the conception after this sort:Š " The executive department of Government is the head, the judicial the arms, and the leg-islative the legs, through which this sovereign body exercises its will."ŠChristian Statesman, July 24, 1884. We are waiting-to-see who of them will com-plete the absurd idea. There is here an ex-cellent opportunity for the Rev. M. A. Gault to display the creative power of his sublime cgenius. SAID Rev. D. McAllister, in the New York Convention, 1873 :Š " Had Mohammedans settled this country, they would have incorporated Mohammedan-ism into its civil and political institutions. Had pagans come here at first, and continued in the ascendency, the political body formed and developed would have taken on distinct-ively pagan features." He then went on to argue that as the -coun-try was settled by Christians the body politic should take on distinctively Christian features, and incorporate Christianity into its political institutions. That is to say that Christians should act upon the same principles that Mo-hammedans and Pagans do; and that Chris-tianity should be no more liberal and enlight-ened than is. Mohammedanism or Paganism; and shows- the model upon which a National Reform Government would be formed, and the principles by which it would be actuated. '-` Tnn librarian of a "Henry George Club" in Cincinnati, Ohio, writes us that we may be sure that anyone who writes under that head-ing is "opposed to the union of Chureh and StateŠparticularly under our present social 'conditions." He thinks, however, that we are  wasting our time fighting an "improbable bugaboo," while a far deeper social wrong, viz, land monopoly, exists, and that, "under.  a proper social system, the evil that you so much dread would amount to nothing, even if it did take place." Our friend may be very sure that it will take place, when so many people are ignorant as to the progress it has already made, and are indifferent as to whether it does or not. And when it does come, he will find that a "proper social system" will be just the thing that cannot possibly exist in connection with it. A proper social system would keep Na-tional Reform pretensions from becoming actual facts. IN the Pittsburg Convention, .1874, National Reform President Brunot said: Where States undertake by statute laws to compel men's consciences in their relation to God, there is a condition of affairs indicated as a ' union of Church and State." It would be impossible to compel men's consciences in any other relation than their relation to God, because conscience has to do alone with man's relation to God. Yet to have the State by statute laws to compel men's consciences is precisely what the Na-tional Reformers propose to do. PROOF : Rev. David Gregg in the Christian Statesman, June 5, 1884, said of "civil government: ":-- " It has the right to be, and the right to command the consciences of men." Therefore, by their own premises, the con-clusion inevitably follows that under a Na-tional Reform Government there would be " a condition of affairs indicated as a union of Church and State," and they can't disprove it. 4.  IN the last Statesman, Mr. Gault, of the Na-tional Reform Association, reports from Grid-ley, Illinois, where he lectured to a fair audi-ence in the M. E. church. He says: " An Advent brother was much aroused, and wanted the church to answer my arguments for the change of the Sabbath, but the pastor refused. I assured the brother that we never designed to prohibit him from keeping his Sabbath, and only asked that he might not disturb us on ours." For cool, calculating selfishness under the guise of a desire for justice, that takes the lead. The National Reform Association, through Mr. Gault, says to the observer of the seventh day : " We do not intend to force you to labor on your Sabbath, but in the in-terest of justice and good order, we intend to entreat you with the strong arm of the law, not to disturb us on ours." But do they pro-pose to reciprocate, and not disturb the sev-enth-day keeper on " his " Sabbath? Oh, no! Why not? Because we are National Reform-ers; we are the people; we are in the majority, and no man has any business to differ with us. National Reform laws are intended only to protect the strong majority from the an-noyance of the weak minority; according to National Reformers, those who are few and weak cannot have any rights. It is by such logic as this that they evade the charge of in-. fringing upon the rights of people. Is it possible that the thinking people of this land can be deceived so as to think that a party which has selfishness as its founda-tion and superstructure, is a' Christian Asso-ciation? 4 Ł 4- AND now we have the climax to the Na-tional Reform argument for a change in the constitution of the United States; Mr. John Alexander, of Philadelphia, sometime presi-dent of the National Reform Association, has been unburdening himself to a corre-spondent of the Universalist, to whom he af-firms that our Constitution "is not in har-mony with the State constitutions, which do confess God and his law "! That is equivalent to charging the United States Constitution with being unconstitutional, because some State constitutions have not been framed in harmony with it. Which is the larger, the State of Pennsylvania, or the United States His argument is on a par with the objection to the Bible, because it does not agree with the latest developments of modern science. But Mr. Alexander's pathetic plaint is valu-able to this extent: It is an admission from National Reformers themselves, that those States which frame laws in favor of religious tenets, and which persecute conscientious dis-senters from those tenets, are acting unconsti-tutionally. No DOUBT there are many who think that the SENTINEL has set out on a fool's errand, and that the National Reform party is no more formidable an opponent than were those which Don Quixote so valiantly assailed. The editor of one of the leading journals in a capital city in an Eastern State, recently wrote upon this subject and said that all the relig-ious journals are opposed to it. Those who really love liberty cannot too soon disabuse their minds of such ideas. A movement which numbers among its officers and sup-porters some of the leading clergymen, college presidents, and jurists in the land, which has the support of the National W. C. T. U., and some of whose principles the Knights of La-bor and even Socialists are beginning to en-dorse, is not a "bugaboo." Nothing is to be gained, but everything to be lost, by under-rating the strength of an opponent. - Ł 4. I EXHORT that prayers be made for kings, and for all that are in authority; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty.ŠPaul. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The-defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It willeverbeuncompromisingly opposed to anythingtending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact MIZNIS. Single Copy, per year, ----- 50cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post= paid  2s. Specimen-copies/rm.,  Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., Oig.LaND,-CAL. 