570 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sunday, for one of the meetings between Jesus and the ,disciples took place after they had fished all night and caught nothing, the night being the first part of the day, according to the Biblical division of time. See Gen. 1. Jesus that morning himself commanded them to cast their nets into the sea again, which, according to the story, they raised so full of fish that with difficulty could they lift them. This is the history of Sunday sacredness, and shows what a shallow institution it is in behalf of which so much legislation is sought, which laws are contrary to our na-national Constitution and subversive of the principles Jesus of Nazareth taught, even if they were in favor of the Sabbath he observed. His teachings, until the time of the pagan butcher Constantine's "conversion," had no help from civil powers, yea, rather the powers of this world opposed the Nazarene. By what principle of Amer-icanism or of Christianity is one man to be forced to ob-serve any particular day according to the notions of an-other, so long as he does not interfere with another man's rights? The State's province is in things civil; let the church look after the conduct of its own members in things reli-gious. The moral natures of both the friends and the oppo-nents of Sunday laws are injured by their existence, the former because they must invent all sorts of hypocritical pretenses for their enforcement and continuance; and the latter because they are also constantly planning devices by which to evade them. When the falsity of the claims for Sunday is shown, and that "holy" day is shown to be a fraud, then its friends begin to talk about the poor laborer, on whose behalf they want the laws enforced . It is true that the laborer needs more rest. He ought to have more than he receives. But who is to :determine when he is in need of restŠthe minister or the laborer himself? In justice, I have as much right to demand that one man shall work on Sunday as ge has to:demand that I shall rest on that particular day. But why should the -efforts of Sunday law advocates be confined to rest on Sunday only? Is Sunday rest the only rest the:laborer needs? It is to be hoped that soon the day will come when we shall have a separation of church and state, when each will attend to his own business, and when every cit-izen will enjoy his own rights without interfering with another. This is American and Christian. H. B. M. Ł -4 4 THE czar's peace proposition has not been received everywhere with enthusiasm, even among leading men in the church. By some it is regarded as insincere, and by more as impracticable. If it is impracticable with Russia as its source of authority and power, it cannot be made practicable by any other power; that is cer-tain. Spain and Her Methods.ŠNo. 2. BY MRS. FLORENCE A. BARNES, M. D. THE SPANISH INVASION OF PERU. IF I describe the invasion of Peru by the Spanish, with its cruelties of warfare, you will not only realize what the invasion of that territory was, but the-  general methods of procedure pursued by them in all parts of South America which they conquered. Peru was, perhaps, the portion of country most interesting to them, from its great abundance of min-erals. It was therefore early the seat of the most per-sistent efforts at invasion by these avaricious people. But first let me give you a short description of this empire and its people. The territory of Peru stretched along the Pacific from about the second degree of north latitude to the thirty-first degree south. The present divisions of Equa-dor, Peru, Bolivia, and Chili, cover the same limits. The lofty and magnificent Andes mark with sublimity the coast line, mountain rising above mountain, until the highest, covered with eternal snow, crowns the whole with a sparkling diadem. Such a country would seem to be very unfavorable to agriculture, or to internal communication. The sandy strip along the coast is fed by only a few mountain streams. Rain rarely falls there. The rocky steeps of the Sierras, with its dazzling heights of snow or volcanic fires, seem equally unyielding to the labors of the agriculturist. While the precipices, tor-rents, and gaping chasms, seem to preclude communica-tion between the different parts of this immense territory. Yet the genius of the South American Indian had overcome all these difficulties. Canals and subterranean aqueducts refreshed the coast, and clothed it with fertility and beauty. The steep sides of the mountains were terraced, and as the different elevations had the effect of difference in climate, they exhibited every variety of vegetable growth, from tropical to temperate produc-tions. And on the snow covered crests, the Peruvian sheep with their shepherds wandered. On the lofty plateau an industrious people had settled, and towns and hamlets, with orchards and gardens, seemed to the mariner on the coast to be suspended in mid air; while great roads traversed the mountain passes, and opened communication between the Capital and remoter parts. The source of this civilization was found in the valley of Cuzco, the central region of Peru. According to tra-dition, the time was when the ancient races of this coun-try were in deep barbarism. They worshipped any ob-ject in nature, made war a pastime, and feasted on the flesh of victims. But (according to the legend) the sun, the great parent of mankind, in pity, sent two of his children to gather the natives into communities and teach them the arts of a civilized life. This pair, brother and sister, husband and wife, bore with them a golden wedge and were told to reside on the spot where this 