AMERICAN SENTINEL. 18 for ages before the American nation came into being. And if it were, as claimed, an American institution, that fact would entirely destroy its claim to rest upon an au-thority higher than that of man. But in the matter of commanding and enforcing religious observances, man has no authority whatever. By way of making this claim more plausible, how-ever, it is asserted that the Sabbath is "an American in-stitution on the civil side of it." This was said by a prominent speaker at the recent Sabbath Observance convention at Pittsburg, Pa. But was the Sabbath in-stituted by the Creator with one side of it lacking, which it was to be left for man to supply? Was not the Sab-bath a perfect institution when it came from the hand of the Creator? Did the Creator ever make anything that was imperfect? These questions answer themselves, and entirely sweep away the idea of a "civil side" to the Sabbath. The Sab-bath came to man in Eden, before there was any civil government on earth; it was a complete institution then, and it was the same then that it is to-day. 0 -0-11-4  Religious Coercion is Antichristian. " Present Truth," London, England. WHY is it that those who have passed under the name of Christian, and whom the world at large counts as representative of Christianity, have, so universally, sought temporal power? He who is really Christian follows in the footsteps of Christ, does he not? But Christ avoided even the slight-est assumption of temporal authority. He even refused to be an arbitrator in a simple dispute as to the division of property, saying to the one who sought the intervention, "Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you?" The persistent and fatal error with which so many of His personal followers were possessed was that He was about to set up an earthly kingdom. But Christ com-bated this error continually, taking every occasion of reproving them for their worldly ambitions, and of set-ting before them the contrast between the futility of all earthly things and the eternal stability of the mansions of that kingdom eternal in the heavens, which he went to prepare. The follower of Christ must follow Him in truth, or else he is not a disciple and a follower, but a pretender and a traitor. Christ sought no temporal authority over men. He strenuously refused even the smallest opportunity for the exercise of such power. Is it then consistent with the life and example of the Master, for those who claim to be his disciples, to seek to dominate over their fellow-men? If the example of Christ is followed, those who carry His goSpel will use no authority in religious things, other than the persuasion of the Word. Christ judges no man. He Himself said so. He permits all men to judge them- selves, to choose that which they will, whether it be life or death. This being so, it is impossible for men who claim to speak for Christ, and exercise authority, from him, to coerce men into accepting and receiving eternal life. Spiritual coercion is futile. It even goes beyond futility, it defeats itself, and becomes an active agent in the opposite direction to that in which it purports to work. The fact that this is so marks the origin of this great deception, and its masterly development to the present hour, as coming from the arch-enemy of God and man-kind. When the teachings of the Word of God, and the example of Christ, are so plain, and the evidences of the destructive working of Satan's deceptions so evidently seen, it is indeed a "mystery of iniquity" that men should choose the antichristian way and call it Christian. 4- 1.- -0- -4 -4- Carnal Methods. BY A. SMITH. NATIONAL Reformers, so called, are not only deter-mined that existing State Sunday laws shall be enforced, but that national laws of that character shall be framed and put into effect against those who do not believe that day to be the Sabbath, and those who, treat it with in-difference as such. Such laws are carnal weapons, used to coerce unbe-lievers. Such methods are not Christlike. Says Paul, "The weapons of our warfare are not carnal." 2 Cor. 10:4. None but carnal minds will use carnal weapons in defense of religious dogmas; and Paul says, "The carnal mind is enmity against God." Rom. 8:7. Mahomet used carnal weapons to enforce his reli-gion; and National Reformers and their numerous allies have entered upon a like career of coercion. The object to be gained and the method employed may be different in force, but the controlling spirit is the same. What difference does it make in principle whether one is com-pelled to observe a single religious dogma, or all the dog-mas composing a given system of religion? There is none except in degree. [1 the compulsory observance of Sunday as the weekly Sabbath is better, socially and morally, for unbelievers and the community in which they dwell, why not carry the principle further and compel everybody to profess re-ligion? For, is not true religion a good thing for any community? At revival efforts people are urged in some way to make a public avowal of their purpose to serve the Lord; but many hesitate, and others sneer and op-pose. Now would it not be a good National Reform scheme to cause a law to be framed to punish with fine or imprisonnient those who refuse such earnest persua-sion? Romanism and Mohammedanism furnish excellent examples of such methods. Some of the. State Sunday laws contain exemption clauses in favor of those who observe the seventh day 