AMERICAN SENTINEL. whom "was no sin." No being could be nobler or purer, yet he was sacrificed to the hatred of fanaticism, for no other consideration than that the one in whose power it was to release or cond emuth e accused, feared the intrigues of religious leaders, in WhOse hands was the power of po-litical preferment, or national disgrace. The power of mischief, maintained by the priesthood of that day, was not peculiar to the spirit of the Jewish religion. Had the priests followed in the way that faith pointed, their disposition would have been merciful, gra-cious, long-suffering, and abundant in goodness, and truth, as was the Source from whence the religion ema-nated. Ex. 34:4, 5. Where, then, was the difficulty? From whence was their cruel spirit, if not from their reli-gious  faith?ŠIt was from the adulteration of their reli-gion with human power, sustained by earthly tribunals. The adoption of this substitute neutralized every element of the refining and ennobling power ofiGod, and left their religion destitute of every heavenly constituent. It thus became subject to the caprice of finite, erring minds, wrought upon by the basest passions of fallen human nature. It was the same element which is, responsible for the -spirit of the Dark Ages. Men did not then ruthlessly de- stroy others, who differed with them religionisly, simply because they were Catholics. Protestants of those days acted the same as Catholics when opportunity presented itself. The cruelty then practiced in the name of religion was not the product of Christianity, but the lack of it ; not because of Christianity, but in spite of it. The state and the church being united, civil laws were made to,  maintain the church, of which advantage was taken to coerce the consciences of those who dissented from the dogmas of the church. In other words, men persecuted their fellow men because they were human, and yielded to their own passions of evil, in spite of their profession of Ł goodness. It would be just the same now, were the state to leg-islate in behalf of the church, for the reason that.  nman nature has not changed. Give men the power now, and they would use it just the same as others before them have used it, namely, to break down every one who op-posed their peculiar ideas of religion. Men grasp for power everywhere, in religion, as well as in the state. If they cannot secure it in one way, they will in another. The fact that Christ never gave his power in the interest of coercion, and will not grant it now for that purpose, is the reason that ambitious churchmen apply to the state for a power which they may wield as they will: The power of God is not for man to control in any way, but is designed to influence, guide, and control him. He may not use the power, but the power may, and will use him, if he permits it ; otherwise it leaves him alone. If professing Christians would he satisfied with God's disposition of his power, they could not become arbi-trary, and desire to control others in religious matters. It is only when self asserts its desire to control some power in the interest of religion, that he resorts to civil  government for it; and when it is secured, he can use it only in a human way, which is far from divine. The reason for this is plain. When fallen man, who needs God's power for assistance by the way, and should be subject to it, attempts to take control of that power himself, by which to force others to terms, who are likely to be as near right as himself, he thus essays to rise above, and break away from his Master, and like all ser-vants armed with power, becomes arrogant and cruel. It was at this point where the Jewish priests exclaimed : "We have no king but Csar," and so severed the last link which had united them to the rule of heaven. Will the people of this nation learn lessons of wisdom from the history of the past? J. o. C. Church and State in the Society Islands.ŠNo. 1. BY B. J. CABY. ONE hundred years ago, the first missionaries front England landed in this group of islands and began mis-sionary operations. They found a-strong race of people, much larger than- the average European. , These people were kind in general, and.very sociable, so much so that the islands were named "Society Islands." They worshiped the spirits of the dead who had been noted as men of renown in olden times, so had many gods or objects of Worship. They Offered human sacrifices, but were not cannibals. The king and priests were the leaders in all things pertaining to civil and religious matters. The kings were looked upon as belonging tO a higher order of men, as some of their forefathers were supposed to have been deified; and to have performed many marvelous feats. The story is told of one who drank whole rivers of waters, with the gravel and stones in the river beds, and of an-other who threw a spear from one island to another, a distance of 130 miles. It is said that on its way, the spear passed through a mountain of an intervening island, leaving a tunnel through the mountain. The priests were in subjection to the king, and usually used their influence to help to carry out the wishes of their ruler. It is said that when the king, for most any petty cause, should become jealous Or angry with a man, the priests would see that it was necessary to offer a sac-rifice to appease the wrath of their god, so would start out in search of a human sacrifice. They would enter the house where the king's enemy was, seize and, kill him, and drag his dead body to the marae, which is a large heap pf stories. The corpse would be cast upon the stones, where it would remain until destroyed by sun, wind, and rain. After fifteen years of toil, the missionaries saw the first fruits of their labors. In time the king of the largest island embraced the new religion, and traveled with the missionaries from place to place, trying to get the people to accept the new white man's religion.- We are told that 