ERICAN ENTIN v{111)0'111' MAKING THE CHARGE OF SEDITION. "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND RELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, APRIL 29, 1897. VOL. 12, No. 17. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. .Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) WE are obliged to ask our readers to allow us briefly to review the position and work of the AMERICAN SEN- TINEL. The reason for this will be made appar-ent presently, and, we think, will be suffi-cient to justify this request which we  make. The AMERI-CAN SENTINEL was estab-lished particu-larly to defend the American principle of separation of religion a n d the State: be-cause the peo- ple who established this paper are Christians, and separ-ation of religion and the State is Christian. Primarily, of course, this was in the interests of Chris-tianity. But as it is a fundamental principle of the national Government in defending and preserving this principle, in the nature of things this is in the interests of the State. In other words, as this Christian principle of separa-tion of religion and the State is the fundamental princi- pie, the chief characteristic, of the national Government, and was intended to be so by those who established the Government, it is plain that to work as Christians for the maintenance of this great principle is, in every sense of the word, to work for the highest possible interests of the State. The establishment of the SENTINEL, and its work in behalf of this Christian principle, was timely, as we then knew and as the great mass of the American people have discovered since; because there was a religious combina-tion calling itself the National Reform Association, that was deter-mined to sub-vert this prin-ciple of the Government, and, by what-ever means would accom-plish it, to carry the Gov-ernment into a union of re-ligion and the State, pat-terned exactly upon the sys-tem of the Dark Ages. From the be_ ginning we in-sisted, and we still insist, that for the American people to allow this religious com-bination to succeed in its endeavors would be to allow the setting up in this nation of an order of things that would be in the exact image of the papacy,Šnot merely because the papacy was the papacy, but because the pa-pacy, with all the manifold evils inherent in it, was but the consequence of the disregard and subversion of the very Christian principle that is the fundamental principle of the Government of the United States. And for a reli- 