468 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "Commercial interests, political interests, and every other interest demands the retention of the islands." Says Mr. John Barrett, former United States minister to Siam, speaking of "our policy of expansion in the far East": "The material interests involved are usually the deciding influence." Says Mr. Charles Denby, of one of the first and greatest problems of "expansion": "Let us leave it to be met by a race which has encountered and solved every difficulty that stood in its path to greatness." Said Congressman Charles F. Grosvenor: "Let us wait. It is not important to settle the status of the Philippine Islands now. It is not important to settle the character of the government, the stable gov-ernment, which we promise to Cuba." Says another high officer of the government: "No one can tell to-day what is best for them and for us. I know no one at this hour who is wise enough or sufficiently informed to de-termine what form of government will best subserve their interests and our interests, their and our well-being." A great journal says one day that those who wish to discuss the matter should wait until Congress is in session; the next, that "the time for debate is past." A prominent dignitary says: "Follow your destiny. . . . Adhere to the instincts of the future." Another says: "Even though we shall for a time elect to stand still, yet shall we, like Nansen's Fram, be drifting toward our destiny." Has the control of reason been removed in American affairs? Can any one imagine how that could be done more thoroughly than by the blind acceptance of "des-tiny" and "the inexorable logic of events?" To repudi-ate the plain principles of the Declaration and the Con-stitution for these things is nothing more nor less than a removal of the control of reason. The principles of the Declaration and the Constitution are reasonable and self-evident. Nothing is more pernicious and more directly opposed to the dictates of reason than is the doctrine that lurks in the terms "destiny" and the "inex-orable logic of events." The great men of this country have set aside as fool-ishness the great principles of reason and justice which have been the wisdom and the understanding of their country in the sight of the nations, and have announced that henceforth uncertainty is their wisdom, blindness is their guide, and irresponsibility is their law. The principles of the Declaration and the Constitution, say they, are "subtle and metaphysical," "above the reali-ties of life," and .fit only for "the aloofness of the astral intelligence." Therefore, "we must follow the instincts of the future," and, "like Nansen's Fram, be drifting to-ward our destiny." We do not know what the fate of the Fram was, but we know what the fate is that awaits all drifting things, whether they be ships or men or nations. The port of safety is reached only by vigilance, perseverance, and untiring exertion. Those who are drifting to their des-tiny, can, if they will but listen, already hear the roar of  the ngry billows upon the shoals of destruction; they can, if they will but look, already see amid the foam of the seething waters, the grim and ragged rocks upon which they are to perish. The surest way for a ship to reach destruction is to drift; and the surest way for men and nations to reach destruction is to drift. When a ship's compass and chart are thrown overboard, its pilot house deserted, and it is tossed helplessly on the waves and driven at the will of the fitful gale, it is doomed. And when a nation throws aside reason and justice and abandons the abiding principles which have been its guides and its life, in order that it may run blindly and greedily in the way of "destiny" and the "inexorable logic of events," it has not only taken the shortest road to destruction, but it has thereby invited destruction to meet it halfway. Those who have so much to say of the "destiny" of America would do well to ponder carefully the following sentence recently spoken by Bishop Spaulding, of Peo-ria. It is a simple statement: as simple as that two plus two equals four. Yet it contains more sense and more wisdom than all the orators could say and all the editors could write in a thousand years in behalf of "manifest destiny." He said: "If it is our destiny to become an empire it is not our destiny to endure as a republic." Religious Liberty in Mississippi. BY ALLEN MOON. THE people of Mississippi are ordinary mortals, not worse by nature than other people on this earth; but they are unfortunate enough to have a law on their statute books requiring the strict observance of Sunday. This law is of long standing and for many years has been a dead letter, except that some of the industries of the State have been in a measure laid aside on the day called the "Christian Sabbath." Individuals have dis-regarded the day by chopping wood, hunting game, fishing, etc. A few years ago, there appeared in the State of Mississippi a people known as Seventh-day Adventists. These people believe the seventh day of the week, or Saturday, is the Sabbath, and their practise is in har-mony with their belief. No sooner had these people become known and their religious views come to the good people of the communities in which they live, than they also called to mind the fact that Mississippi had a Sabbath and a Sabbath law, and that it must be en-forced. Some of the religious people of the State began at once to exercise a watchcare over the Adventists, fearing that in their zeal to obey the law of their God they would forget the law of the sovereign State of Mississippi. It was not long before they were astonished 