70 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the enemy of republican government, after having so long posed as the champion of every people struggling for liberty? The Bible, Protestantigm, and Papacy. THE GENIUS OF PROTESTANTISM. BY S. B. HORTON. THE New York Sun, speaking apropos the subject of Dr. DeCosta's recent sermons, mourning the absence of power toward the unconverted by Protestantism, be-cause of the multiplicity of sects into which Protestant-ism is divided, has this to say:Š "The division of Protestantism into many sects is made inevitable by its very genius. Its assertion of the right of individual judgment forbids uniformity and produces a multiplicity of divisions, in contradistinction to the unity created by the sole authority of interpreta-tion asserted by the Roman Catholic Church." We cannot agree with the view that "many sects" and "a multiplicity of divisions" are the necessary out-come of true and genuine Protestantism. We take it that true Protestantism is not simply and solely a re-volt against the Roman Catholic Church as such, but it stands for the propagation of a principle underlying individual relations between man and God and between man and man. What does true Protestantism stand for? We quote in reply a part of. the celebrated declara-tion and protest of April 19, 1529, upon which Protes-tantism professedly stands:Š "Moreover, [and this is the essential part of the protest] as the new edict declares that the ministers shall preach the gospel, explaining it according to the writings accepted by the holy Christian church; we think that, for this regulation to have any value, we should first agree on what is meant by the true and holy church. Now, seeing that there is great diversity of opin-ion in this respect; that there is no sure doctrine but such as is conformable to the Word of God; that the Lord forbids the teaching of any other doctrine; that each text of the Holy Scriptures ought to be explained by other and clearer texts; and that this holy book is in all things necessary for the Christian easy of under-standing, and calculated to scatter the darkness: we are resolved with the grace of God, to maintain the pure and exclusive preaching of his holy Word, such as is contained in the biblical books of the Old and New Tes-tament, without adding anything thereto that may be contrary to it. This Word is the only truth; it is the sure rule of all doctrine and of all life, and can never fail or deceive us." (Italics ours.) In commenting upon this bold and very necessary declaration and protest, the historian D'Aubigne says:Š "The principles contained in this celebrated protest of April 19, 1529, constitute the very essence of Protes-tantism. Now this protest opposes two abuses of man in matters of faith: the first is the intrusion of the civil  magistrate, and the second the arbitrary authority of the church. Instead of these abuses Protestantism sets the power of conscience above the magistrate; and the authority of the Word of God above the visible church. . . . It lays down the principle, that all human teaching should be subordinate to the oracles of God. . . . In this celebrated act of Spires no doctor appears, and the Word of God reigns alone." It will be seen from this protest as intended then and as sacredly true now, that the question of teaching any and all doctrine and duties of life as well as the interpre-tation of the text shall be confined to the Bible and the Bible only,Šnot as the "doctor" would interpret, but "each text explained by other and clearer texts"; for " it is in all things necessary for the Christian easy of understanding," and "is the sure rule of all doctrine and all life." The "genius" of Protestantism certainly con-duces to uniformity and unity. Moreover, this princi-ple is the underlying genius (if we may use the expres-sion) of the holy Scriptures themselves. The Saviour constantly referred to and taught in 'harmony with them. In his prayer for his disciples (John 17:14-21) he was anxious that they might be set apart for their holy calling by the Word, and that they all might be one. The apostles also appealed to and taught in har-mony with the holy Scriptures. The conclusion must inevitably be reached that true Protestantism forever stands for "the Bible and the Bible only " as against " the tradition of men," " the rudiments of the world," whether advocated by the Roman. Catholic Church or any other religious society. This position in the very nature of the demand for an infallible standard or rule of faith (to be found in the Bible, says Protestantism), invites rather than forbids uniformity. In succeeding articles we shall enlarge upon the thoughts herein suggested. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 21. BY C. H. KESLAKE. THE course pursued by the Pharisees with reference to the Sabbath question, and which resulted, among other things, in their attributing the work of the Holy Spirit as being the work of Satan, and so committing the sin against the Holy Spirit, is worthy of careful study. In the matter of Sunday the whole world is now standing face to face with the same issue that confronted the Saviour. As we have already stated, the only differ-ence is that in his time the question was not what day is the Sabbath, but how should the Sabbath be observed: while now it is not simply how the Sabbath shall be kept, but what day is the Sabbath. And the same results will be reached now as were reached back there, no matter on what side of this question one may be found. If we stand with Christ and accept God's idea of the Sabbath, 