THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 315 tation of the Pope who affects to be spiritual and temporal, and in contradiction to the Founder of the Christian religion, twisted itself afterward into an idol of another shape, called Church and State. Paine, infidel though he was, knew full well, and was man enough to acknowl-edge it, that the doctrine of Church and State was not Christian doctrine in any proper sense of the word; and it would be well if his disciples of the present day had equal discernment. But how can we ex-pect them to understand Christianity bet-ter than do so many who profess it ? And yet it does seem that all ought to know that true Christianity never seeks to ally itself to the State, and never persecutes. C. P. B. Ł  41- Ł Who Is Behind Sunday Legislation? and Who First to be Obeyed? THE question of Sabbath and Sunday observance is to be agitated everywhere, and the deceptions of Satan will flood the world. The man of sin has instituted a spurious Sabbath, and the Protestant world has taken this child of the Papacy and cradled and nurtured it. Satan means to make all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of the fornication of Babylon. Men are binding themselves together in bonds of union to show their disloyalty to the God of heaven. The first day of the week is to be exalted and presented to all for observance. Shall we be par-takers of this cup of abomination ? Shall we bow to the authorities of earth and despise God ? The powers of darkness have been gathering their forces to bring this crisis about in the world, so that the man of sin may exalt himself above God. God does not force the conscience of any man, but the powers of darkness have been trying to compel the consciences of men ever since Abel fell under the mur-derous blow from the hand of pitiless Cain because Abel's works were righteous and his own were sinful. Satan is ever seeking to bring about a state of things in which righteousness may be termed unrighteousness, and un-righteousness righteousness. What are we to do ?ŠWe are to keep in living con-nection with the God of heaven, ranking in his army and under his banner, and we can not afford to be in such gross blindness that we can not discern truth from error. What we want to know is what is truth. Many say, " The whole world is keeping the first day of the week, and do you think that all the great and good men are in error ?" God is going to bring around a condition of things where the good men and the men in authority will have an opportunity to know what is truth indeed. And because a people will not bow the knee to the image, and re-ceive the mark of the beast in the hand or the forehead, but will stand to the truth because it is the truth, there will be oppression, and an attempt to compel the conscience; but those who have known the truth will be afraid to yield to the powers of darkness. God has a people who will not receive the " mark of the beast in their right hand or in their fore-head." We are to stand the trial and test of persecution because of allegiance to the truth. Not a move has been made in ex-alting the idol Sabbath, in bringing around Sunday observance through legis-lation, but Satan has been behind it, and has been the chief worker; but the con-science should not be compelled even for  the observance of the genuine Sabbath, for God will accept only willing service. The question is asked, Shall we not obey the powers that be ? ŠYes, when they are in harmony with the higher powers that be. God made his law for all the universe. He created man, he gives the bounteous provisions of nature, holds our breath and life in his hand. He is to be recognized, his law honored, before all the great men and the highest earthly powers. No law has ever been made to exalt the idol Sabbath but that Satan has taken a leading part in its enactment and its en-forcement. Every law for the elevation of Sunday has a direct reference to the fourth commandment. Every move that has been made to enforce its observance is for the purpose of exalting the man of sin above God and above all that is wor-shiped. Satan would have us exalt the idol Sabbath, but we can not do it, for it would be disloyalty to God. In the face of Nebuchadnezzar's decree of death, the three Hebrew children refused to bend the knee, preferring to be cast into the fiery furnace rather than bow to the golden image. They declared they were not careful to answer the king, and said, " If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery fur-nace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, 0 king. But if not, be it known unto thee, 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." They were thrown into the burning fiery furnace, but the Lord was with them. The king looked into the furnace, and said, "Lo, I see four men loose,walk-ing in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of God." Angels of the Lord were watching by the side of the faithful three. God wished to show to the nations of the world who was the great I AM, the God of the heavens, the ruler of the universe, who alone was to be worshiped. Did not the Hebrews break the law of the king ? ŠYes, but the law of God was first to be obeyed.ŠMrs. E. G. White, in Review and Herald. Ł Ł Ł  "Boycott," the Watchword. THE word of the Lord is out that the time would come in this country when it would be declared that no man might buy or sell save he that had the papal badgeŠthe Sunday SabbathŠor the name or num-ber of the name of the Papacy. Rev. 13 :16, 17. That this time is rapidly ap-proaching and the days soon to dawn when the full force of this situation of things shall be realized is evident from the present movements of the friends and supporters of the Papal Sabbath. Says the Chicago Inter- Ocean of September 26: Boycott is to be the battle cry of West Side church people. Bishop Fallows presided over a mass-meeting of citizens at Centenary Methodist Episcopal Church yesterday afternoon which de-cided to adopt stringent measures by which it is believed advancement can be made in the move-ment already started to secure for the workingmen of Chicago one day of rest out of seven. The church was well filled and lively interest was man-ifested in all that was said and done. Rev. Alfred IL Henry, pastor of the Leavitt Methodist Episcopal Church, in-troduced the boycotting idea. He said :Š Mythology tells us that Achilles' only vulnerable point was his heel. The vulnerable point of the merchant of to-day who opens his store on Sunday is not his head or his heart; it is his pocketbook.  I wish it could be agreed upon to patronize only those who close on the Sabbath. As the result of the meeting, the fol-lowing resolution was introduced and unanimously adopted :Š WHEREAS, It is contrary to the laws of Illinois and against the expressed wish of the people of Chicago, propagated through the churches and labor organizations through the agency of the daily press, for the clothing stores to open their doors on the Sabbath day; and WHEREAS, The citizens of the West Side, in mass meeting assembled, on this Sunday, September 25, do earnestly protest against the continuance of this evil; therefore, be it Resolved, That it be the sense of this meeting that we, the purchasing public of this, the West Side, do agree not to purchase any goods sold by any store that may keep open its doors on the Sab-bath, and do further agree to exert our influence in every way practicable for the closing of stores on the Sabbath. Thus is the word of the Lord being ful-filled, and thus are the friends of the Sun-day Sabbath seeking to increase regard for the day by appealing, not to the head or to the .heart, but the lowest and most sordid of all motivesŠthat root of all evilŠthe love of money. W. A. COLCORD. Religious Liberty.* WHILE the precious boon of liberty vouchsafed to us by the event which we as American people celebrate on this memorable birthday of our Nation, is not of a civil character alone, but of a, reli-gious type as well, it is in keeping with the strictest propriety that from every Christian heart there shall ascend to the great Giver of life and freedom a tribute of praise for the religious liberty enjoyed in this free land of ours. And while it is our province at this hour to dwell on the theme of freedom to worship " how or what we may," it will not be out of place for us to quote a little scripture wherein is written that " God hath made of one blood all nations for to dwell on the face of the earth." This, coupled with another portion of the sacred word, saying that " God is no respecter of persons, but in every nation he that feareth him and worketh right-eousness is accepted with him," will war-rant the conclusion that the great Creator never designed that any man or set of men should dictate to their fellows their manner or object of worship. This thought is clearly set forth in the story given of the protection extended by the all-powerful Hand to the three Hebrew children whom Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, cast into the burning fiery fur-nace because they would not bow to the image which he had set up. This and like accounts, given in the Book of books, reveal the fact that religious intolerance began in the early history of the world. SAY NOT RELIGIOUS INTOLERANCE. Shall I say religious intolerance ? Nay, verily, for this expression reflects the thought that religion of any kind not restricted by its opposers is simply toler-ated evil. The correct thought is that in all ages of religious persecution, the ex-ercise of religious rights has been denied its adherents. This same interference with the God-given right of others was manifest in the days when Peter stood at the gate before the house where the fol-lowers of the lowly Nazarene were met in mighty prayer to Him who heard and * From an address delivered at Des Moines, Iowa, July 4, 1892, by Rev. 0. B. Thomas. 