362 Pri=i_h; AIVIEDRICA_N- children ? " And this in the face of the statement of the President that the Union is ,unsectarian and " not either publicly or privately committed to the advancraent of any system of religious belief or disbe-lief." Nor is this all; Miss Craddock's subject was " Organization," and she not only pointed out work to be done by the Union, but she prOposed plans. The following is one of them Personally, I should like to see established through-out the country Freethought Sunday-schools, where children could be saved on Sunday from the allure-ments of the Church. We may be quite sure that, if we don't look out for our children on that day, the Church will draw them in. Now we have no fault to find with this plan, nor with Miss Craddock for pro-posing it. The Secular Union has just the same right to teach infidelity that we have to teach Christianity; but they have no right to do it and at the same time insist that the Union is unsectarian, and that it " is not committed to the advance-ment of any system of belief or unbelief." We are surprised at the attitude of the Secular Union, and especially are we sur-prised at the Corresponding Secretary, who at another stage of the meeting, said :Š The policy of strict non-sectarianism in religion, which we have zealously striven to maintain during the past year, is already bearing good fruit, not-withstanding the gloomy prophecies of some few of our more radical friends throughout the country. By adopting a moderate and persuasive tone, we have succeeded in getting our principles advertised prominently in several of the leading Christian papers of the country, thus bringing our ideas be-fore thousands of Church people who would not otherwise have known how very reasonable are the demands we make; and we have some more work of the same sort in hand now, of which we are not at liberty to speak. So long as the Secular Union remained purely a secular affair, there was no rea-son why Christian journals should not advertise its principles, for " secularism" means, " The state or quality of being secular ; " and " secular " means, " Per-taining to this present world, or to things not spiritual or holy." " Secularism " is not, therefore, a synonym for infidelity, and very many Christians and some Christian papers are secularists, that is, they believe in keeping Church and State entirely separate; and to this end they can co-operate with all who are laboring for the same object; but every Christian and every Christian paper must defend the Christian religion when it is attacked, or else cease to be Christian. It follows that when as an organization, the Secular Union proposes to strike down Christian-ity, it cuts off the co-operation of all Chris-tians. And not only so, but by assuming such an attitude as this, the Secular Union is strengthening the hands of the National Reformers, for they virtually say that did they believe in Christianity they too would bo National Reformers. That ,is, opposing  State recognition of religion because they do not believe in religion is only to say that did they believe in religion they would favor such recognition. They thus abandon the broad principle of religious liberty, the common ground upon which the purest Christians and the most pro-nounced infidels have in the past fought side by side for their God-given rights, and assent that the question instead of being one of inalienable human rights is one of fact. But to this we can never agree. We maintain that the truth or falsity of the Christian religion has noth-ing whatever to do with this question. This we believe to be the only consistent position, and to take any other is to aban-don the principle of religious liberty and concede that the whole matter is only a question of majorities. We hope to say more upon this subject next week; at which time we shall exam-ine some of President Westbrook's reasons for opposing the reading of the Bible in schools supported by the State. We shall likewise have something to say about the proposed manual for the teaching of mo- rality in the public schools. C. P. B. Why We Oppose Sunday Laws. WE object to Sunday laws not because they require the observance of that par-ticular day but because of the principle involved. Sunday laws are wrong, they work hardship and injustice, they tend to destroy free heart service to God, thus making hypocrites. For these and similar reasons we oppoSe and would oppose all such measures. Disguise their motive as they may by pleas for a rest day for the laboring man, the fact remains that the great majority of those who desire such laws make the demand because they regard Sunday as a sacred day. Therefore the passage of a Sunday law is State interfer-ence in religious matters and involves the judicial decision of religious questions. It follows that by enacting such laws the State usurps a prerogative of God. And not only so, but Sunday laws are unjust to man. There are in every State, and in-deed in almost every neighborhood, three classes, namely, (1) Christians who regard Sunday religiously, (2) Christians who do not regard Sunday, but who do regard the seventh day, and (3) non-religious persons who regard all days alike. Sunday laws necessarily discriminate between these classes. If, as is sometimes the case, the seventh - day Christians are exempted from the provisions of the law, then it is a fact that they are favored above others simply because they are Christians. They are granted certain privileges on account of their religion, and that is contrary to the spirit of American institutions. If they are not exempted and are required to obey the law and refrain from Sunday work, they are deprived of one-sixth of  their God-given time for conscience' sake. But in any event the non-religious are forced to observe, to some extent, a relig-ious institution in which they have no faith. C. P. B. Memorials of 1829-30. No. 1. A MEMORIAL FROM SENATOR BLAIR'S STATE. IN the interesting Sunday agitation of 1829-30, petitions, both.for and against the discontinuance of Sunday mails, were sent to Congress from all parts of the country. Considerable interest was aroused, and even in Congress politicians were found to champion both causes. Several reports were written ; but the most influential, and the ones receiving the approbation of Congress, were those written by Colonel Johnson, of Kentucky, afterwards Vice-President of the United States. As the same question has been again in- troduced in our National Assembly by Senator Blair, of New Hampshire, whose Sunday Bill is now in the committee rooms of Congress, perhaps some of the old docu-ments which aided so materially in the defeat of Sunday legislation sixty years ago, will be of interest to the readers of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. The first I shall send you is a memorial from. Senator Blair's own State. It reads as follows : Š To the Honorable, the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States in Congress assembled : The subscribers, citizens of the United States, and inhabitants of Portsmouth, in the county of Rock-ingham, and State of New Hampshire, having been informed that petitions have been, and are about to be presented to Congress by many of our fellow-citizens, in various sections of the country, praying that the transportation of the mail upon the first day of the week may be discontinued, we beg leave re-spectfully to remonstrate against granting the prayer of said petitioners, for the following, among other reasons: We believe that the measure proposed by said petitioners, if carried into effect, would operate un-favorably upon the interests of the Post-office De-partment, and would occasion much inconvenience to our citizens generally.; that it would wholly fail of effecting it's avowed object, and would, in the end, injure rather than promote the cause of true religion; that, however pure and patriotic may have been the motives in which it originated, the measure has found its support among a majority of its friends more in their zeal than in their knowledge: yet we cannot but regard the steps they are taking as movements hostile to the liberties of the people, and we are persuaded that the original Movers of the measure designed it as a stepping-stone to more sen-sible inroads upon our religious privileges. By establishing the principle it involves, they hope to silence remonstrance against their future enter-prises, and contend successfully with weapons fur-nished them by Corigress. The supporters of the measure are sufficiently protected in their worship, and in the enjoyment of their religious privileges, by the laws of their red  spective States, and this is all they have a right to demand ; while others are not permitted to disturb them, they should not, as we humbly conceive, be permitted to disturb others ; they have not, to Our knowledge, been appointed by the Almighty the defenders of his honor, or the avengers of his injuries. The experience of all ages fully testifies the deplor-able consequences of arming religion with the power of the laws. Church and State were never united, 