124 Am-PaitCAN Vol.,. 8, No. 16. dictate to the Government and enforce their decrees, and now they openly boast through their leaders, that they hold the Congress of the United States in their hands, and that their demands will be much more frequent in the future than in the past. If this is not a union of Church and State, I would like to have you tell me what would be. Not only that, but it is exactly such a union of Church and State as was consummated in the fourth and fifth centuries. If this country has not made an image to the papal beast, tell me what feature is lacking. Looking at the current events of the day in the light of the prophecy of Rev. 13:11 and onward, with the history of the develop-ment of the Papal Church before us, I cannot comprehend how any intelligent person who has the good of humanity and the glory of God at heart can advo-cate the enactment of religious laws. Jesus Christ established the principle of complete separation of Church and State when he said : " Render therefore unto Cassar the things which are Csesars, and unto God the things that are God's," and you may search the Bible from its alpha to its omega and you can not find any different doctrine taught on this subject. Indeed the doctrine of religious liberty is one of the fundamental doctrines of the Bible. When a man is willing to concede to every other person all those rights which he claims for himself he can be said to love his neighbor as himself, and to be living out the Golden Rule; but when he assumed to dictate to his fellow-man what his relations toward God shall be, " how dwelleth the love of God in him ?" I believe in the observance of the Sab-bath from love to God, but Congress has no more right to enforce Sabbath observ-ance than it has the ordinance of baptism or of the Lord's Supper. Think on these things, for they are important, and may the good Lord help you to appreciate and apply this great truth to your life and work. Yours in sincerity, J. S. COMINS. A "Conscientious" Man. WE meet all sorts of people and ideas, and people without ideas. Below is an extract from one of our subscribers:Š I had not thought of stopping my paper till you began to publish the advertisements for the Sunday Sun. As it is, please stop it, as I am on principle opposed to all forms of Sabbath desecration, espe-cially as your paper goes into the hands of many who might be led to take a Sunday newspaper. The above is his say. Now, please hear our side. 1. We fail to see any more harm in the name, Sunday Sun, than in that of the extensively read Sabbath Read-ing, and several other Christian publica-tions of similar names. 2. If our esteemed critic will take the trouble to inform himself, he will find that nearly every Sunday newspaper is worked on by a separate force of help, by compositors and pressmen all through the week, just as if the paper itself were a weekly. The entire management and work, even to the subscription list, is kept precisely as a weekly, and it is dated on Sunday so as to give a paper bearing date for each day in the year. A calendar bears date of every Sunday; will our ex-acting brother soon refuse to hang one over his desk for fear of " desecrating " the first day of the week ? 3. If he would be so precise, we will inform him that his Monday morning pa-per is the one for him not to buy. Nearly all the work of a Monday morning paper is done on Sunday. Yet if we should publish the advertisement of any daily, our esteemed friend would innocently drink it in without complaint. 4. By the way, he is a minister. Does he not do considerable work himself on Sunday ? Does he approve of paying the janitor for heating up his church on the first day of the week ? 5. We hope the advertisement did bring subscribers for the paper. We want ad-vertisers to get the worth of their money when they patronize us. 6. If this gentleman will take one of his denominational publications and show us a cleaner collection of " ads " than those we carry, we will be greatly obliged. We have not yet advertised a rum shop under the head of "Wine for Sacramental Purposes," and he probably knows this " ad " in one of his church papers has caused young men and church hypocrites to buy wine and other cursed drinks for beverages. 7. The " ad " which was so offensive, was not to run but for three issues, and they had been given before the complaint reached us. However, we are sorry it was not to run five years, and we would be willing to contract to run it for that time. 9. To come right down to solid facts, we challenge him to give any biblical proof that the Sabbath could be desecrated by labor of any kind done on Sunday, the first day of the week. Our Bible speaks very frequently of the Sabbath as being the seventh day. If God has blessed and sanctified any other day, then the Bible, which is supposed to contain all the law, does not give any account of it. Perhaps our reverend brother can inform us.Š Our Prison Missionary, Newfane, Vt. Sunday Ice in Washington. THE question of the possibility of Sun-day deprivation of ice in Washington, raised by the Sunday-ice bill, which passed the House during the first session of the last Congress, but which failed to be reported to the Senate, will not down. The matter comes up in another form. The fact that it can be so raised shows how unnecessary was the legislation that was asked for. The Washington Post says editorially It is understood that the Medical Society of the District proposes to take some action relative to the non-delivery of ice on Sunday or to sound pub-lic sentiment on the question. It is a movement in which the society ought to be heartily sustained. It will no doubt be found that a large majority of the citizens of Washington agree with the gentle-men of the medical profession that on sanitary grounds if no other the ice supply should be regu-lar and continuous for every day in the week. The announcement of the ice combine that there will be no Sunday delivery to retail consumers during June, July, August and September, the hottest and unhealthiest months of the year, must not be submitted to without at least a protest from the people out of whom the ice companies make big money. To say that this policy is adopted out of consid-eration for the feelings of the "poor drivers" is but a pretense. Drivers enough can be found to perform the Sunday service and be glad of the chance. Let the ice combine offer them a little extra compensation and see how many of the boys will jump at it. The " poor people" have some rights in this matter as well as the " poor drivers " and the poor ice dealers. It will be a much greater hardship for  the people to do without ice on Sunday than it will be for the companies to deliver it. To be brief and plain, it will be an outrage on thousands of citizens to be subjected to this depri-vation or be compelled to store a double stock from Saturday to Sunday, for which so many people are not provided with the proper conveniences, or, worst of all, in cases of sickness or other urgent contingency, be required to make an early morn-ing pilgrimage of several miles to the wharves for their supply, as the combine condescendingly sug-gests they may do. The combine is all wrong in this matter, and in some way or other it ought to be forced to a proper recognition of public opinion and the public needs. There are certain things essential to human health and happiness, the enjoyment of which should be as free on one day as another. Instead of circumscribing the enjoyment of these bles-sings on Sunday the law should see to it that no undue restrictions are authorized or permitted. Why is not this a legitimate conclusion from the bill for the prohibition of Sun-day delivering of ice, or the sale and de-livery of any commodity on Sunday. If under these bills prohibition is proper then under opposite conditions enforced sale and delivery is proper. If the rea-soning is right in the one case it is in the other, and the municipality has a right to make it a condition precedent to granting articles of incorporation to an ice com-pany that it will deliver ice on Sunday. Do Sunday Laws Make Men Religious? WE now have a national Sunday lawŠthe act of Congress closing the World's Fair on that day. This was secured by the Church managers through the influ-ence, by petitions and threats, which they were able to bring to bear on Congress. One of the arguments used by the man-agers of this Sunday movement in com-passing their object was that the great masses of laboring men were violating their consciences every week by working on Sunday at the dictation of their em-ployers. How groundless is this claim, and how much. respect for Sunday as a sacred day the average laborer in this country has, the following preamble and resolution recently passed by the Central Labor Union, and printed in the Chicago Times of April 4, 1893, under heading " Work Sunday and Play Saturday," quite well show :Š WHEREAS, The ministers of the gospel have in-sisted that the gates of the World's Fair be closed on Sunday, and WHEREAS, The workingmen represented in this union can not afford to lose more than one day in the week for either rest or recreation, and WHEREAS, In order to improve ourselves we are anxious to take advantage of the great educational facilities which will be offered at the Exposition; therefore be it Resolved, That we make a formal request upon our employers that we be allowed to begin work Sunday as the first day of the week, and take Saturday as a day of rest and recreation, in order to be able to visit the Fair grounds and obtain the instruction which will otherwise be denied us. This is certainly a fitting comment on how much Sunday legislation influences men to regard Sunday as the Sabbath. In this instance it has resulted in a whole labor union requesting their employers to allow them to work on that day. The theory of compelling men to act reli-giously is repugnant to every sense of true religious feeling and manliness. God compels the conscience of no man. As Luther says, " Whosoever believeth let him draw nigh, and whoso believeth not stand afar off. Let there be no conpul-sion. Liberty is of the very essence of faith." The whole Sunday-law move-ment is simply an attempt to make men better by law, by the gospel of force. It is papal in principle through and through. W. A. COLCORD. 