THE (HiNING OF THE NOTIONS, An illustrated pamphlet, showing some of the mod= ern appliances for war which are now in actual service, with descriptions The same. It gives a ta= ble showing the strength of the armies and navies of Europe. VERY INTERESTING. Second Edition. Eighteenth Thousand Now Ready, Price, 10 cts. each; $5.00 per hundred. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. SEND FOR LIST OF EXCELLENT BOOKS, slightly damaged, offered at half price. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Imported German Bibles. Dr. Martin Luther's Translation. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 285 - powerful, all wise, all love, will take care of the conse-quences." "0, mama, I see the principle; but how hard it will be for the world to acknowledge it. The enforcement of Sabbath observance by human law would indeed be an interference with God's government, an insult to heaven. And yet," Charlie spoke slowly, "and yet those who stand stiffly for God's honor in this matter, will surely hear the voice of the dragon." "Yes," said Mrs. Ross, "but they will also hear a voice from heaven, saying, 'This is my beloved Son.' Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have a right to the tree of life, and enter in through the gates into the city.' " F. B. 10 Ł 4 4 The Noble Art of Self-Defense. "Do you think it would be wrong for me to learn the noble art of self-defense?" a religiously-inclined youth in-quired of his pastor. "Certainly not," answered the minister; "I learned it in youth myself, and I have found it of great value during my life." "Indeed, sirl did you learn the old English system, or Sullivan's system?" "Neither. I learned Solomon's system." "Solomon's system?" "Yes; you will find it laid down in the first verse of the fifteenth chapter of Proverbs: 'A soft answer turneth away wrath.' It is the best system of self-defense of which I know." Cultivate consideration for the feelings of other peo-ple if you would not have your own injured. Those who complain most of ill-usage are those who abuse themselves and others oftenest."ŠSel. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisinaL opposed to anything  tending toward a union of Church and State either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF TRH ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York E have imported direct from Germany a select line of fine minion Reference German Bibles, which we offer at the following prices postpaid:Š No. Price 60 Cloth, plain edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  $ .75 62 Russia, gilt edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  1.50 64 Arctic Seal, Orient paper lined, divinity cir- cuit, gold edges, Stuttgart print, size 4%x 2.50 3.50.  39 Bond Street, New York City. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. International Religious liberty Association. 6%x1X inches, thin paper, 10 pages of Helps and eight maps,  66 German Morocco, gold edges, divinity cir- Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. cuit, leather lined to edge, Elberfeld print, size 5x8x1%inches. Five pages extra mat- ter and six maps,  Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, ŁŁ $1.01 .50 Address, 44 Three " .25 PfICIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING coNrifig, 