690 THE SENTINEL OF, LIBERTY. If there is no Creator to whom every human be- The doctrine that man is the possessor of certain ing owes allegiance and to whom he must answer inali.-nable individual rights is fixed unalterably and for himself independently of all other persons in the eternally upon the doctrine that man is the work-world, the problem of human government has only manship of a sovereign Creator. To deny this doc- such obligations to consider as arise from the rela- trine of rights is to proclaim atheism. s. tion of each man to his fellow-men. In that case the only rights that could exist would be such as IMPERIALISMŠWHAT IS IT? would arise out of society and not those descending from a Creator. It would remain merely for society Now that the campaign is over (as it will be beto ordain the manner in which it should exist, with- fore this domes under the eye of the reader), it may out being under obligation to any higher source of be well to stop and candidly consider the meaning authority than itself. Men might claim that they of the term " imperialism," so very familiar, and yet, possessed individual rights, but the answer would be it is to be-feared, but little understood. that society is above the individual, as the mass is Imperialism is the opposite of republicanism, and greater and more important than the unit. And if republicanism, as defined by Abraham Lincoln, is there were no higher authority in the world than "government of the people, by the people, for  t human authority this answer would be wholly true, the people." And_ this is exactly what the Ameri-and the individual would be bound to submit in all can Government was designed to be and what it still professes to be. That it has always been ex-things to the rule of society. actly this, or that it now is exactly this, probably Recognizing man's relation to his Creator, civil n government is obliged to consider men as individuals, nobody will assert. Indeed, this is the ideal condep-each man having a sphere in which he stands by tion of government, and the ideal is difficult, if not himself, apart from all other individuals that corn: impossible, of attainment in things human. pose society. But ignoring the existence of man's But the fact that things human are of necessity  Creator, civil government considers men not by imperfect is no reason why men should not strive themselves as individuals possessing rights which after the-ideal-in government. Touching the purpose even the government must not disturb, but only as of the fathers of the Republic in giving to their component parts of the political whole; and then countrymen and to the world the Declaration -of In-the question to be considered in their government is dependence, Mr. Lincoln said: not what rights- do men have as individuals which "They meant to set up a standard maxim for free civil government must preserve, but what is for the society, which should be familiar to all and be re-general good of the whole? In other words, "the vered by all; constantly looked to, constantly la- greatest good to the greatest number." bored for, and even though never perfectly attained, constantly approximated, and thereby constantly spread-And this shows the real meaning of this phrase ing and deepening its influence and augmenting the hap-as a rule of civil government: it means political piness and value of life to all people of all colors every-atheism. It stands for a system which, instead of where." honoring God, really denies him altogether. This and this alone is genuine republicanism. The noble men who ordained the Constitution Adopt any other idea, lose sight of this ideal and of the United States, by making that instrument the settle down content with something else, admit, for embodiment of the doctrine of inalienable human example, that there are some people who have not rights, recognized the Creator from whom alone the inherent right of self-government and who must such rights could come. And the men who to-day be governed despotically by others, and the high call the Constitution a Godless document and de- " maxim " has been abandoned, the principle vio-mand that it contain a " recognition of God " which lated and genuine republicanism relegated to the would ignore tht rights of those for whom the Con- realm of the impracticable. stitution is the fundamental law, thereby deny the But in truth there are but two ways in which doctrine -of inalienable individual rights, deny the people can be governed: they must be governed Creator, and become themselves the authors of the either by themselves or by others. The first is self= political atheism which' they charge upon Wash- governmentŠrepublicanism; the second, govern- ington, Jefferson, and their co-patriots. ment by othersŠimperialism. 