g4 A.MMEZICAN- VoL. 10, No. 6. reflect on it. It is to me the vital ques-tion, and I do not see any other alternative but this : the Bible or the pope. "Finally, let us preach Christ, his free forgiveness, his atoning blood. Ethical, political, or social preachingŠ" sermons for the times," as they are sometimes termedŠwill not prevent the drift of the masses toward the old system. But the upholding of the CrucifiedŠI have seen it, thank God, hundreds of timesŠwill al-ways prove the power of God unto salva-tion. Rome has many weaponsŠmoney, genius, traditions, beauty of forms. It appeals to the lower nature of man, dis-penses with the necessity of a second birth, renders sin easy. It deifies mankind, as all heathen religions do. It must, there-fore, have a great measure of success, as it corresponds so marvelously to man's natural cowardice and depravation. But if we are faithful to the Bible and to the Crucified, we need not fear defeat; all true Nathanaels, all the sincere and noble hearts who are seeking a. real Saviour, will come out of Rome to meet us. The true sheep know the Shepherd's voice, and, hearing it, follow it." This is the remedy which the SENTINEL has prescribed and will prescribe for the universal Romanizing malady. But the remedy will not be accepted and applied, and therefore the drift Romeward will continue until Rome shall once more, but for the moment only, sit as queen over the conquered nations of earth. No political opposition will stay the progress of Rome when the vital life of the Reformation has disappeared from the minds and hearts of men. The " Iron Chancellor," Bismarck, may bid political defiance to the pope, and refuse to go to Canossa, but he will eventually go, and a Roman Catholic chancellor will take his place, as is now the case in aforetime Prot-estant Germany: Oh, that popular Prot-estantism would return to its first love, take up again its discarded weapon, " the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God!" " For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." 2 Cor. 10:4. Rome's " Religio-Political Affairs." THE Protestant Episcopal Church is planning to centralize its power in the United States by erecting a cathedral in Washington, D. C. On. this project the Catholic Review, of January 19, furnishes the following infor-mation Our Episcopal friends are thinking of building a grand cathedral in Washington, D. C. Rev. Dr. Geo. W. Douglas, one of the trustees, says of it: " We know it's a great scheme, but we feel the need for it in our national capital, and we are willing to put our shoulders to the wheel and try to make it a reality. The site given for it is near the centre of the city and not far from the Capitol. The former owners of the property have told me that it was the site first desired by the Roman Catholics for their university. The merits of a cathedral, as we look at it, are three in number. They are: (1) An association in labor and a division of labor. (2) Centralization. (3) Education. This is an age of centralization. The Romanists ap-preciate it and are ready for it. I respect them for it, for their strong organization, their power of devotion, their concentrative energy. And I do not believe that the American Church should propose to rely upon the old idea of parochialism in the face of the Romish Church, its perspicacity, its steadfast devotion and its energy. In the face of organized Romanism we ought to show that Protestantism can be organized." Upon this utterance of Dr. Douglas, "The Catholic Review, a Weekly Journal for Catholic Families, Commended by His  Holiness, Leo XIII., the Archbishop of New York," etc., makes this plaintive and significant comment :Š The Catholic Church does not desire to be placed unnecessarily and offensively in face of organized Protestantism at a time when the Kingdom of Christ in the Republic is in face of organized C,esarism, of organized anti-Christian secret society movements, of organized plans for the exile of God from the na-tional life of the country by the complete seculariza-tion of all its institutions. If Protestantism does care for the Lord and does not desire to be used as an ally of Lucifer in the war of devilish forces against Chris-tian principles, it will not take pains to organize itself in face of "the Romish Church," but will direct its energies against radical atheistic tendencies and influ-ences now operative in the nation. It can do much to antagonize and to hamper the Catholic Church in po-litico-religious affairs, but if it does so, it will play the part of Samson, and will find out, when too late, that it has irretrievably involved itself in the general ruin. The Catholic Review here candidly ac-knowledges that the Catholic Church has schemes to work out in America, termed "politico-religious affairs," which she en-treats Protestants not to " antagonize " or " hamper." This religio-political scheme is further explained to be an effort to pre-vent " the exile of God from the national life of the country by the complete secu-larization of all its institutions." What the Review means by the exile of God from the national life of the country is the exile of the hand of the Roman Cath-olic Church from the national treasury and the rescue of the public school and the nation itself from Romanish control. The nation can bear much of this kind of "exile " and " secularization " both as regards Roman Catholic and popish-Prot-estant control, without playing the part of Samson. Protestantism will not, by consistently opposing Romanism in our Government, involve itself in the general ruin. It is when it attempts to control the Government in the interests of itself, and thereby unites itself to the State, that it pulls down the pillars of the national edifice and involves itself, Samson-like, in the general ruin. Priest Elliott's Propaganda. PRIEST ELLIOTT IS still engaged in his " Mission to non-Catholics," and gives in the Catholic World for January a glowing account of his meetings at Marvin and Ely, Ohio. One feature of these " missions " is good singing. In this the priest is copying the popular revivalist. Good music has great drawing power. At Marvin, the Opera House, seating twelve hundred persons, was much too small for the audiences which greeted the priest, and " many Protestants were un-able to get in -at all after the opening." " If we had had three thousand sittings," says Mr. Elliott, " we could have filled them some evenings." Mr. Elliott mentions that a regular at-tendant at his meetings was "the presi-dent of a bank " and " one of the leading men of the city." This man, it is related, stopped the resident priest in the street one day and assured him that the "lec-tures were timely, and were beneficial to the people." One lady, " a sort of a preacher," living some miles out of Ely, "attended every evening, sitting in front and paying strict-est attention.' Of her, Mr. Elliott says : "She has been gradually working and thinking and praying and preaching her-self towards the church, and will, doubt-less, soon place herself under instructionŠ at least, so we judge from her conversa-tion." Priest Elliott concludes his account of his " mission " at the latter place by say-ing: "We had many requests from non-Catholics to return and give another course, and we hope to do so. In that case it might be well to choose a different line of topics; expounding, for example, the fundamental moral principles: or, perhaps, treating of the higher spiritual and mystical life of the soul."  Now all this is significant. It shows a settled purpose on the part of Roman Catholics to make proselytes. The church of Rome is no longer on the defensive in the United States, but has assumed the offensive, and is "pressing the battle to the gate." Protestantism was never less able to resist this onslaught than at the present moment. -Having lost the real spirit of Protestantism and degenerated into a dead formalism, tens of thousands are in just the condition to be captivated by the elaborate ritual of Roman Catholic worship. Having lost faith by which alone man can live " as seeing the invisi-ble," they are ready to listen favorably to the claims of a church which caters to this demand of the natural heart for the visible, and which gives not one but many tangible objects of worship. Moreover, the Paulist lecturer, con-ducting " missions " for non-Catholics, does not represent Romanism as it really is, but in a way to make it attractive..  " The Faith of Our Fathers," by Cardinal Gibbons, is a fair illustration of the Rom-ish manner of presenting-popish doctrines to credulous Protestants. In that book the Inquisition is explained away, so far ' as Rome is concerned ; the massacre of St. Bar-tholomew is denied as having any religious significance, and the real position of the Catholic Church in regard to liberty of conscience is concealed under a skillful and deceitful use of words. Religious liberty is defined as " the free right to worship God according to the dictates of a right conscience." And only the critical reader will discern that the church re-serves the right to say what is a " right conscience." This is, however, the fact. Rome always has been, and is at this moment, opposed to the exercise of private judgment. It is a sad thing that the Protestants of to-day have forgotten the history of the past and are so ready to listen to the siren song of the " mother of harlots and abom-inations of the earth." War Between.the Beast and the Makers of His Image. THE following question and answer Łap-peared in the Christian Statesman of Jan. 12:Š Question 23. F. L., Utica, N. Y. " I am greatly pleased with the Christian Statesman. It is pretimi-nently the reform paper of our country. But does it not antagonize Roman Catholics too much ? Would it not be better to secure their cooperation as far as possible in the great cause of Christian government as against infidel and atheistic secularism ? " Answer. This paper does not oppose any friend of Christian government, be he a member of any church, or of no church. It does oppose every principle or system that denies the right and duty of the nation-to take the law of Christ as its supreme rule of con-duct. This right and duty require the nation to take the Word of God as its authoritative law book, and toŁ interpret and apply it for itself. Romanism antago-nizes this right and duty of the nation. It puts the interpretation of moral law by the " infallible " head of the Romish system in the place of Christ's own 