84 AMMEtICAN VoL, 8, No, it at length, and the following resolution was unani-mously adopted:Š WHEREAS there seems to be somewhat of a sentiment against that part of the programme unanimously recommended by the promenade concert committee which included sacred con-certs at the Pension Building on Sunday, March 5; andŠ WHEREAS this committee in its representative capacity de-sires to eliminate any feature which might be misconstrued, or which would be objectionable to any and all religious senti-ment: Therefore be itŠ Resolved, That the Pension Building shall .be closed on Sun-day, March 5, and that in lieu of such concerts there shall be three concerts given on Tuesday, following those of Monday, as follows: One at 10 o'clock A. u. at fifty cents admission, the orphans and their worthy attendants to be admitted free; a second at 2 P. H., admission fifty cents, and a third at 8 o'clock P. as., dancing to begin at 9.30, and the admission at the last concert to be one dollar. While the resolution was adopted without a dis-senting vote, the members of the committee were a unit in protesting against tne causes which oc-casioned such action. The matter was first brought up by Major W. Cranch McIntire, who offered the resolut; and explained the reasons for his course. He said that he heard, early yesterday morning, that certain influences had been brought to bear on the Secretary of the Interior to urge the latter to prohibit the use of the Pension Building for Sun-day concerts. He went to the District authorities, procured permits for the same, and then saw the Secretary of the Interior. The latter stated he had already issued orders prohibiting Sunday concerts, and nothing could change his determination. Major McIntire further stated that there were a number of clergymen who had been instrumental in causing such action being taken by the Secre-tary. M. I. Weller, Lawrence Gardner, James L. Bar-. bour, C. C. Lancaster, and John Joy Edson, all spoke on the subject, the consensus of their re-marks being that the action of the Secretary of the Interior was due to the representations of the clergymen. Chairman Norris made an explanation of the whole matter to the effect that the resolution was necessary when all things were considered. He said that about three weeks ago he received inti-mation that there were a number of clergymen who were agitating an opposition to the Sunday concerts. He sent word to these clergymen and asked that they confer with the Executive Com-mittee on the subject, but that the invitation was not accepted. Instead, they continued their oppo-sition, and the only thing to do under the circum-stances was to abandon the project. Mr. Norris referred to the fact that a telegram had been sent to Mr. Cleveland protesting against concerts on Sunday which did not specify that the music was to be of a sacred character. Professor Fanciulli was present at the meeting, and he was asked to explain what he knew of the matter. The professor stated that yesterday morn-ing he was notified by the colonel commandant to furnish the latter with the prepared programmes for the Sunday concerts. It was stated during the meeting that the Secretary of the Navy had been induced to enjoin the Marine Band from playing at the sacred concerts; but Professor Fanciulli knew nothing of such an order. During the dis-cussion the query was raised as to whether the Marine Band would be permitted to give its pro-posed sacred concert next Sunday evening at Al-baugh's Opera House, but no satisfactory answer could be obtained. Major McIntire recalled that, during the occasion of the national drill, some years ago, Rev. Dr. Talmage spoke at the White Lot on a Sunday, and there was a band in attendance, and an admission fee was charged. A fence was erected about the place at the time, and no objection was raised. Mr. R. 0. Holtzman called attention to the fact that the failure to give the three concerts on Sun-day would possibly result in a loss of about ten thousand dollars to the poor of the District, and that the protesting clergymen would be responsible for the same. As is well known, whatever surplus is derived from the inaugural ball and concerts over the ex-penses of the inaugural ceremonies is devoted to charitable purposes, and the postponement of the concerts from Sunday to Tuesday will result in a loss, as the great bulk of visitors will have left by Monday night. Every member of the committee keenly felt the position in which they were placed and did not hesitate to express their indignation at the course pursued by the clergymen. The fact that the con-certs would have been an attraction for thousands of visitors who will otherwise spend the day in idleness or worse was commented on, and the min-isters were criticized for their interference at such a late hour. The influence which was brought to bear upon President Cleveland is shown by this telegram addressed to him at Lakewood, and which drew from him the communication to Secretary Noble quoted above. GROVER CLEVELAND, Lakewood, N. J. Expressed Christian sentiment in city opposed to proposed use of Pension Building next Sunday for concert. Can you aid in closing? (signed.) A. W. PITZER. President of Evangelical Alliance. It is evident that the power behind the presidential chair has but to speak and it is done. Of Secretary John W. Noble, who thus ran before the incoming President in haste to appropriate to himself the honor of the enforcement of national religion at this time, the Mail and Express, of March 4, most unkindly says :Š He lost his religion at the beginning of the Har-rison administration, as he explains it, by giving an Easter dinner, as had been his habit in St. Louis. The Chief Justice of the United States was there, and one or two of his colleagues in the Cab-inet, and other great functionaries. The emblems around the dining-room were ap-propriate for the resurrection of our Lord. But the day was Sunday. So some ministers in New Jersey notified him that he was to be censured for giving a public dinner on Sunday. But he wrote them that he did not think much of their opinion, anyway; for he did not expect to go to heaven via New Jersey I Still, he discontin-ued his Sunday public dinners. " And now," said the Secretary of the Interior, " I have gotten my religion again, and am all right. I stopped the proposed Sunday concert to be given in honor of President Cleveland to-morrow in the Pension Building; and the Maryland Conference of Ministers have passed resolutions that I am all right. That settles it." The whole matter is justly character-ized by the New York World thus :Š The whole thing is folderol, cant, hypocrisy and an impertinent interference with the rights of those who wish to make music or to listen to it. Moreover, in this country the Government is not set to prevent or discourage "sin." It has nothing to do with religious doctrine one way or the other. It has no concern with Sabbaths or holy days, ex-cept to protect all men equally in their right to ob-serve such days as they please in such ways as their consciences may dictate. Anybody who thinks it wrong to listen to a concert on Sunday may stay away. But he has no right to ask the Government of the Republic to stop other people from attending because of his puritanical notions. Of Matthew Quay, the political hench-man of these false religionists, the World does not hesitate to say :Š Those Washington clergymen who are aghast at the sinfulness of permitting the Marine Band to give a concert Sunday seem strangely deficient in the sense of humor. For their mouth piece, chosen to utter their protest against this " national sin " of music on Sunday, they selected Matthew Stanley Quay, a notorious political corruptionist, and a man who a few years ago embezzled nearly half a million dollars from the treasury of his State, and by virtue of the statutes of limitation has escaped the punishment which might have brought repent-ance for his "sin." It was one of the dramatic unities, quite unexpected, and so all the more striking, that the first inauguration, after the congressional adoption of the national religion of the United States, should wit-ness in public connection with it the " inaugural" also of the governmental religion. W. H. M. What? [It is not surprising that this Tennessee corres-pondent should be so astonished at the action of the last Congress in the Sunday closing of the World's Fair as to break out into this rhapsody of amazement. But there are still more amazing things already in progress and yet to come. Let him and every one watch the progress of events, and take at every step a definite stand for the right and against the wrong.] I CAN imagine how a man could be bribed with a dollar or two to vote for a man he had intended to vote for. Also how by the use of a dozen dollars or so, a man in a tight place might be bribed to vote for a man he had not intended to vote for. I can imagine how by the use of a few hundred dollars, a mean man might be bribed to burn another man's stacks or barn; or for a few thousand dollars, a mighty mean man might be bribed to murder a fellow-man. But what tremendous crime requires the enormous bribe of $2,600,000 ? Is it possible that noble, honorable men would offer such a bribe as that ? Is it possible that noble, honorable men could be bribed into a crime commensurate with such a huge appropriation ? Behold the Congress of the United States bribing the management of the Columbian Exposition into an actual union of Church and State!! Behold the acceptance of the bribe by the managment, and its enforcement of the contract!! Indeed justice has fled from the haunts of men. For shame ! For shame !! For shame!!! L. L. GOODWIN. Mayston, Tenn. History, Logic, and Truth. [Rev. A. H. Lewis appeared as the only cham-pion of truth, justice, and the correct principles of legislation, at the hearing concerning the State Sunday law before the Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives of the State of Pennsyl-vania, on Feb. 16, 1893. Extracts from the synop-sis of Dr. Lewis' remarks published in the Sab-bath Recorder are reprinted here.] I APPEAR in behalf of the Seventh-day Baptists of the State of Pennsylvania, and in behalf of religious liberty for all men. I ask for the total repeal of the Sunday law of 1794. . . . The origin of the present law is con-nected directly with the Seventh-day Bap-tists. Before the Revolutionary War there were many Seventh-day Baptists in Philadelphia and the eastern part of Penn-sylvania; they were among the most in-dustrious, upright, and patriotic citizens. At the close of that war there was much general immorality and irreligion, arising from the disorders incident to such times, and from the influence of the moral and religious revolution going on in France in 1793. Philadelphia was the national cap-ital. The yellow fever swept over the city that year, leaving a trail of desola-tion, sorrow and fear. Accustomed, as the men of that time were, to look upon such epidemics as a direct punishment for sins, the public mind was aroused to learn why such things had come to pass. Dur-ing the war many laws against vice and immorality had fallen into disuse, or had expired by limitation. The legislature of Pennsylvania convened early in Decem-ber, 1793, and a committee was appointed to report laws looking toward a better state of things. Religious men of all classes joined in urging this movement, the Seventh-day Baptists, both English and German, being among the foremost. Since the prevailing disorders were most marked on days of leisure, the Sunday question became a prominent factor in the case. When the excitement was at the highest the seventh-day Baptists discov-ered that the proposed law touching Sun-day would press heavily upon them, not in the matter of vice or immorality, but in point of legitimate labor and business. Hence on Thursday, Jan. 2, 1794, they presented the following memorial, saying: That agreeable to the dictates of their own con-sciences, they have set apart and kept the seventh day as their Sabbath, and by existing laws are subjected to severe penalties for working on the first day of the week (Sunday), which they con-ceive to be contrary to the constitution of this 