AMERICAN SENTINEL. 39 Keep the Civil and Religious Authorities Separate. BY A. SMITH. ALTHOUGH it is true in a limited sense that the devil has usurped the dominion of the earth, yet God, for wise and beneficial purposes, overrules the rise and destinies ,of nations and peoples. Babylon, the first universal kingdom of the world, was, by the command of God, given into the hands of Nebuchadnezzar (see Jer. 27:1-8); but when that proud king boasted that by his own power he had acquired the great dominion which he exercised, God humbled him until he learned the lesson that "The Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." Dan. 4:25. Paul says that God has "made of one blood all na-tions of men for to dwell on all the face of the earth, and hath determined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation." Acts 17:26. When Jesus was arraigned before Pilate, that ruler said to him, "Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee? Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above." John 19: 10, 11. The abuse of the civil power given to man consti-tutes one element of Satan's dominion in the earth. Paul says, "The [civil] powers that be are ordained of God." Rom. 13:1. Of civil rulers he says, "They are God's ministers." Verse 6. While those who properly fill legitimate civil offices are called "God's ministers," there is another class of men who are called "the ministers of God" (see 2 Cor. 6: 4) to whom is committed quite another work, even the ministry of the gospel (good news of salvation), and whose office is to persuade men, not to coerce them. "Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men." 2 Cor. 5:11. God ordained the "powers that be" to attend to civil matters, and he will hold civil rulers accountable for the use they make of entrusted power. Also, God appoints men to minister in sacred things, and holds them also accountable for the manner in which they fill their office. Neither of these classes of ministers have any right to interfere with one another in their legitimate callings. It is not ordinarily considered honorable to meddle with other men's business. Saul once undertook to officiate as a priest, and as the result lost his kingdom. See 1 Sam. 13:8-14. Uzziah, a king of Judah, made a like error and was smitten with leprosy for his temerity. See 2 Chron. 26: 16-21. A most noted example of interference with the civil power by the.religious is given in the trial, condemna-tion, and death of Jesus. The priests, elders, and people  who were the orthodox religionists of that day, so clam-ored for the crucifixion of the Saviour that it over-powered the courage and better judgment of Pilate the governor, and he gave sentence of death upon one whom he declared to be innocent. The same religious elenaent did their utmost by the civil power to prevent the resurrection of the Son of God. The result was that the Jews lost their nationality, and Pilate is said to have spent the closing years of his life in self-banishment and remorse, and finally to have com-mitted suicide. Let civil and religious ministers alike be instructed by such warning examples. Caesar and Religion. "Southern Sentinel," Melbourne, Australia. THE question of religious instruction in the State schools has again been brought before the Victorian Parliament. In urging its support, Mr. Deakin, M. L. A., advo-cated a course of instruction such as, he claimed, could be religious without being denominational. "It could be simply Christian." But what would appear simply Christian to him might be deemed rank denominational-ism by another. No standard has yet been found by which the "simply Christian" can be defined. It was admitted that, at best, the provisions pro-posed would only supply a small proportion of the reli-gious needs of the young, and that the effect of the ele-mentary lessons would be infinitesimal compared with home training. Why then ask Catsar to pose as a reli-gious teacher with such an infinitesimal result in view. Far better leave to the home and the church a task that promises so little. But the smallness of the anticipated results is not the greatest objection. In this question there is the dan-ger of the church delegating to the state the very work that God and humanity demand she shall do. This would, in itself, blight her spiritual life, and cripple her power for good. Then there is the still greater danger of the state, with its power, becoming the obsequious mouth-piece of an intolerant ecclesiastical system. A conscience provision would be made for the Jews, but that does not remove the danger of Cmsar's rude hand interfering with the religious liberty of those who desire to think and act for themselves in matters of reli-gion. Better let Caesar attend to earthly things, knowing that it is no part of his work to attempt to manufacture Christians. The darkest page of all the Dark Ages reveals a time when the interests of the church became the business of the state. %  THE only force which can of right enter the domain of religion, is the force of love. 