AMERICAN SENTINEL. 73 THE Sunday law is being enforced in Hoboken, N. J., by the suppression of public dances after midnight of Saturday. * * * A NEW trust is announcedŠthe "Bible trust "Šwhich is to raise the price of Bibles, especially the teach-er's editions, fifty per cent. Five firms are in the trust, who have, it is said, no particular interest in the circu-lation of the Bible only as it brings them returns of cash. * * * BY a vote of 268 to 50, the House of Representatives at Washington voted to exclude Brigham H. Roberts, polygamist congressman-elect from Utah, from a seat in Congress. Mr. Roberts says that he will do nothing further in the matter, but that he believes the Utah district which elected him will make an appeal to the Supreme Court. THE Tax Board of Philadelphia has,it is said, placed on the tax list the Baptist Temple, of which Rev. Russell H. Conwell, the lecturer, is pastor. The ground of this action is the allegation that the church is used for promiscuous entertainments at which admission fees are charged. Upon which ground, as an exchange re-marks, probably very few churches would be exempt from taxation. * FROM Harrisburg, Pa., it is reported that about fifty pupils of the public schools at McDonald, Washington County, have been suspended for refusing to join in the religious exercises with which the schools in that place are opened. They are children of Roman Catholic parents. The Catholics, of course, object on religious grounds, and their objection to religious exercises in the schools they are taxed to support, is a very proper one. An appeal has been made by them to the Department of Public Instruction. THE Massachusetts legislature is again wrestling with the question of revoking the sentence of perpetual banishment against Roger Williams, passed by the General Court of Massachusetts in 1635. Last year a motion to this end was brought before the legislature,  but the session closed before due time could be had for its consideration. * * The principal "reason" for the banishment of Roger Williams was that he denied the right of the civil mag-istrate to interfere in matters of religious belief and observance. This fact has been duly set before the House Committee on Judiciary by the author of the present motion, and it is hoped the Massachusetts au-thorities will be satisfied with the two and a half centu-ries of his sentence which Roger Williams has now served, and see fit to remove the ban. ACCORDING to press reports, the Catholic Church, through Archbishop Nozaleda, of Manila, makes these demands for the church in the Philippines:- 1. That the titles to all property held by the church and religious orders shall be conceded. 2. Indirect contributions for the maintenance of the church and clergy. 3. Revenues to be collected from births, mar-riages, funeral dispensations, and apostolical indulgen-ces. 4. Church control of cemeteries, hospitals and pawn-shops. 5. Church control of the parishes free from all state interference, and the teaching of the Catholic catechism in all primary schools. Modest demands, truly; and quite characteristic of the papacy in foreign lands. * MucH interest has been excited in religious circles throughout the country by the announcement that the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon, who has achieved fame as the author of "In His Steps," is to have entire charge for one week of the Topeka Daily Capital, in March next, for the purpose of showing just what a Christian news-paper ought to be. It will be edited and managed solely with reference to the question, "What Would Jesus Do?" The work is to be doneŠso it is intendedŠjust as Jesus Christ himself would do it. Mr. Sheldon is to assume charge of the paper March 13. * * * This unique innovation ought to afford an example of great practical value, from a religious point of view, and is no doubt anticipated with this thought in mind. But alas! already the effect is spoiled by the announce-ment that the paper will be printed on Sunday! A press dispatch dated at Topeka the 22d inst., says:Š "The Rev. Charles M. Sheldon will close his 'religious daily' experiment with a Sunday issue of the Capital. "He will explain editorially that he cannot jeopar-dize the business of the paper by suspending publication on Sunday. The paper will be printed and circulated Sunday morning as usual." * * this announcement be true, we anticipate a storm 