a Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or pofitical,ŠTAmas yefferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER 18, 1889 NUMBER 34. `TF1-2e An2eF1cal2 Ber2tir2el. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. 3. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. "THE true doctrine [of Christian liberty] is not merely our right to think for ourselves, but the right of the other man to think for himself." ak Ł IT was the will of Frederick the Great, that in his dominions everybody should be at liberty to "get saved after his own fashion." If all govern-ments had ever been so wise as that of Frederick, what horrors the world would have escaped. WHEN the church leaders force upon men the observance of a day, as the Lord's day, while at the same time they themselves know and say that there is no authority from the Lord for its observ-ance, what is that but the most arrogant assump-tion of power ? IN this time where there is so much clamor for legislation pledging governmental help to certain classes it woud be well for all to remember the words of President Cleveland: " It is not the duty of the government to support the people; but of the people to support the government." THE realm of civil government is that of the natural, not the supernatural relations of man-kind. The worship of God is a supernatural relation, with it government can never have any-thing to do. Christianity is a supernatural thing; it is a supernatural gift; and with it no civil government can ever of right have anything to do. BISHOP HEARST of the M. E. Church saY; that "The Germans who land on our shores do not know what the Sabbath isŠthey never saw it. They want to be presented with such a Sab- bath as national legislation can give." But the Germans who land here, in a little while become important factors themselves in 'the matter of legislation, both State and national. Then will not the Sabbath that is given by legislation bear much of the bleinish of those who it is confessed know not what it is ? We would inquire of the Bishop and his Sunday-law co-workers, whether it would not be a good plan for the churches of this country to present to the Germans and all others such a Sabbath as the genuine religion of Christ can give ? This would be an ambition worthy of their sincerest endeavors. Our Position. IT has been-our duty in our work to criticise very severely at times the actions and sayings of certain men,Šchurchmen, ministers of the gospel and lay workers,Šand also the action of certain religious organs, in connection with the move-ment to secure national enforcement of Sunday observance. It has not been a pleasant task to do this, and we have not done so because of any feeling of antagonism to the individuals so criti-cised ; much less have we done so because of any antagonism whatever to religion; but there are some who do not distinguish carefully, and there are others, we are sorry to say, who will-fully misrepresent our motives. Therefore we will make a few statements. We do not oppose this Sunday movement be-cause we have no respect for the convictions of those who observe Sunday. Not only do we reverence the Bible, but we have respect for every man's belief concerning the Bible. We are perfectly willing to afford to every person the free privilege of believing as he chooses. Not only are we willing but we insist upon it for every person. We believe that the goverment must protect all. We believe that the government should protect the Sunday observer in his observ-ance of Sunday, just the same as it protects one who observes another day of the week in his ob-servance of that day. It is only the unchristian methods of doing what professes to be Christian work, but which is in reality unchristian, that we oppose. We oppose Sunday legislation not because we are not willing that people should observe Sun-day if they wish to, and not because we are un-willing that the government should see that they are not interfered with in their observance of Sun-day, but we oppose the Sunday movement be-cause it is unchristian, and it is shown to be un-christian by the unchristian methods employed in its maintenance. We have the kindest feelings for all religious people. We would grant them the same consid-eration in their belief and practice that we would ask them to show us. It is only when they claim as their right that which they are not willing to grant to those who differ with them that we oppose them. When they do that, they are doing just that which they would not have, others do to them, and that very thing shows their movement to be unchristian, because it is contrary to the rule laid down by Christ. Let this distinction be kept constantly in view. Anything that can be shown by argument to be right, the SENTINEL will not oppose. Nay, more; although we do not believe that Sunday has the slightest sacredness, or has any claim to respect, more than Monday orTuesday, yet if they  will confine their advocacy of it to legitimate lines, Šnamely, the pulpit, the press, the Sunday-school, the family,Šthe SENTINEL would never say a word against them. In fact if this were so, there would be no SENTINEL. The advocates of Sunday have the most per-fect right to go anywhere or everywhere that they can secure a hearing, and speak night and day, teaching people to observe Sunday as a day of rest, appealing to their conscience and bringing arguments to bear upon them. They have a right to publish papers and circulate them every-where, wherever they can induce people to read them. Against such work the SENTINEL would never lift its voice. But when they advocate the use of force, when they advocate measures which they would by no means consent to haye carried out toward themselves were the conditions reversed, then the SENTINEL will oppose them, and it will call upon every consistent Christian to unite with it in its opposition. We want it distinctly understood that the SENTINEL is opposed to nothing that is Christian-like. It was not started with the idea of antag-onizing Christianity or any Christian movement. With doctrinal matters it has nothing to do. Its sole work is the maintenance of religious liberty of thought and action, because under such cir-cumstances alone can true Christianity flourish. It does not claim to be the arbiter of what Chris-tianity is, it does not  presume to say what men ought to believe, or what they are to teach, or what religious customs they are to practice ;Šit has only to do with efforts to propagate views by methods that tend only to oppression. Who is there that cannot stand upon the same platform ? E. T. W. The State to Let Religion Alone. WE recently had the pleasure of listening to one of a series of talks by Bishop Vincent, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, on the epistles of Paul to Timothy, and were much edified by some remarks that he made upon the first two verses of the second chapter of the first epistle, which read as follows " I exhort therefore, that first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made, for all men ; for kings, and for all that are in author-ity ; that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty." Said he, "We should pray for kings and those in authorityŠfor what purpose? That the church may have power in the government ? No. That our ministers may have good appointments under the government? No. That the church may have the authority of the government to carry forward its work? No. But that they may so mind their business that we may have a quiet and tranquil life. The church makes a 