304 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 38. JF12e AnrFical2 geOlizel. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 16, 1889. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. FROM October 1, 1888, to October 1, 1889, there were printed and circulated 1,288,566 copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. The SENTI-NEL is a success and is going' to remain so. We ask our many friends to help us to reach the 2,000,000 line at the end of 1890. 't HERE is a proposition which we submit to the candid consideration of all men, upon the ques-tion of religious instruction or the use of the Bi-ble in the public schools: The public school fund is drawn from the whole people, without discrim-ination or preference, and with no reference whatever to--any question as to either religion or the Bible. Therefore the same fund should be used and applied for the benefit of the whole peo-ple as it is raised, without discrimination or prefer-ence. As the money is raised without reference to those who believe in the Bible or religious in-struction, so it should be expended and used. If the money when raised is to be applied according to the dictation and according to the religious wishes of those who believe in the Bible and re-ligious instruction, then justice demands that the money shall be raised by taxation only upon those persons. The conclusion is that justice will never allow religious exercises or religious instruc-. tion in .the public schools. IT is urged by the-advocates of Sunday legisla-tion that such laws are necessary to prevent the day from being wholly devoured by greed. But that this is not true is shown by facts stated by Rev. W. F. Crafts, in his book, " The Sabbath for Man," page 53. Referring to Sunday, he says:Š " The Sabbath is now marked in the French Code only by the unimportant by-laws that make it a dies non in judicial proceedings, and by a few other very indirect recognitions ; but while the Sabbath laws have diminished in the last fifteen years, Sunday trade has also diminished. The earliest note of this change that we find is in the New York Times of June 8, 1869, and is as follows : ' A very profound and wonderful reform has just been begun in Paris. The principal shops, including those of nearly all linen drapers, hosiers, silk mercers, and venders of ready-made apparel, will henceforth close on Sun-clays. The merchants have taken this step of their own accord, and the employes appeal to the good-will of the public to aid them in making the measure general.' " If Sunday rest can become more general in France without a Sunday law, why can it not be maintained in this country without such a law ? IN the Christian Statesman, August 22, there is a report of a Sabbath convention at Ocean Grove held by the New Jersey Sabbath Union, Which is an auxiliary of the American Sabbath Union. _Rev: J:II. Knowles, general secretary of the Amer-ican Sakbath Union, 'was chairman of the con-vention. Representatives were present from the Philadelphia Sabbath Association, and the King's and the queen's County Sabbath Observance So- cieties of New York, and the Law and Order Leagues of Trenton, and Newark, New Jersey. Rev. Dr. Kynett, of Philadelphia, was one of the speakers, and said :Š " The American Sabbath is a religious institution. It is a day of rest, but not of recreation. The Ameri-can Christian Sabbath lays the obligation on the con-science, as it is a day of religiowl rest." And yet they will call legislation in behalf of that institution civil legislation ! The enforce-ment of the observance of such an institution as that, they call the observance only of the civil Sunday. They may call it all these things, and whatever else they please, but their calling it so will not make it so. The fact is that the Sunday institution is ecclesiastical only, and any legislation looking to its observance is only ecclesiastical legis-lation, and the enforcement of an ecclesiastical in-stitution. And it is wicked. THE Christian Nation says :Š "One of the greatest hindrances in the way of Na-tional Reform is the false idea of civil governmentŠ. the theory so largely carried into practice in all national affairs, that civil government is a mere sec-ular institution." Yes, that is true. That is the theory of the American Constitution. It is the American the-ory, and being so it is indeed a great hindrance to National Reform. If this government had been started with a constitution pledging the government to things of another world, and to the affairs of men's souls instead of their bodies, then it would never have been any hindrance in the way of the National Reform scheme of govern-ment. But then it would not have been a civil government at all. It would have been a relig-ious government, and only a part of the machin-ery of the church. But, fortunately tor the peo-ple, our fathers considered that the church ought to be able to do its own work without the aid of governmental power, and that the government could better do its legitimate work without any of the meddling interference of the church man-agers.,  Therefore they forbade the National Legis-lature to have anything to do with religion, or another world, or with men's souls. And -this is the great hindrance to National Reform ! Yes, that is true, and therefore, nothing could more clearly show that the National Reform movement is essentially un-American and subversive of the liberties guaranteed in the United States Consti-tution. And every American and every man in America who loves American principles ought to be uneompromisingly opposed to it, as the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL is. IN the Sunday campaign that has of late been carried on in California, Judge Stephen J. Field's opinion of 1859 has been made to do duty for all that its indorsers think it is worth. If it were to be made to do duty for only what it is worth, it would not amount to much; but when for what its indorsers think it is worth then it amounts to a good deal. One statement from it was used in the Los Angeles Sunday Convention by a lawyer to the effect that the object of Sun-day laws "is not to protect those who can rest at their pleasure, but to afford rest to those who need it. and. who from the conditions of society could not otherwise obtain it." No Sunday law that ever was made was en-acted with any such object. The only object that has ever been in the enactment of Sunday laws is religious. The very law which Judge Field was discussing in this opinion had respect to religion as such, for it distinctly named " the  Christian Sabbath." The very law in support of which this opinion is quoted distinctly declares its object to be to protect the Lord's day as a day of rest and religious worship. And the peti-tion which they would support by the opinion not only asks for legislation in behalf of religion but for the enforced "religious observance" of a day. The object of Sunday laws never has been to protect anybody, but hi almost every case to compel everybody. It never has been to protect anybody's rest, but to compel everybody to rest. It never has been to protect the religious obserV-ances of the people, but to compel people who are not religious to conform to the religious opin-ions of those who profess to be religious. THE "Sunday-rest civil Sabbath" by legal compulsion a la old Blue Laws of Connecticut en-acted about 1650, is quite a scheme, but the hard-worked young men of San Diego seem to take their Sunday rests in a very active way out at Recreation Park. Some of their neighbors object, but we have never yet known any of the base-ball boys object to their opponents either go-ing to church or to bed for rest on Sunday. Let the boys shut out gambling, intoxicants, unbe-coming language, and undue noises, from their park-; and let the church folks shut out gam-bling fairs, intoxicating-wine sacraments, "dress parades," from their sanctuaries; and shut out from their hearts, especially, that uncharitable-ness that cannot allow others what they claim for themselves,Šthe right to do as they please so long as they commit 110 offense against the laws of the land; and both parties will be the better for it.ŠSilver Gate, September 14. THE czar of all the Russias has become dis-pleased with the Lutheran Church and has issued a ukase abolishing it throughout his dominions. All his imperial majesty has to do with the great-est institutions is to forbid their existence and they are abolished. Churches are amenable to royal displeasure, and Russia cannot even have a religion if the czar feels hostile to it. While the Greek Church is the popular religion of Russia the Lutherans are the great body of Christians throughout Northern Europe, as that church is recognized in Germany and all the Scandinavian countries. The Lutherans form the most consist-ent body of Christians in all the Old World countries, and yet the czar abolishes them as easily as one could say "Jack Robinson." It is to be hoped that his royal highness will go a lit-tle slow in his despotic rulings, or he may abolish things divine and otherwise. He might try his hand on the evil one and see if he can get away with him. If Satan is abolished in Russia the Muscovites can get along comfortably without the churches. As there are only three millions of Lutherans in Russia, the czar can abolish them if the Nihilists don't succeed first in abolishing the czar.Š Oregonian. THE AMERICAN SENTINKL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance 'of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisinglyopposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 