AMERICAN SENTINEL. 261 starvation? In India there has been a failure of the monsoon. That was "an act of God." Yet why should 61,000,000 people suddenly be threatened with death from hunger because of the lack of rain? In the recent brief deb:I a e in the House of Commons one or two daring members did not hesitate to attack British rule in India as being in a measure responsible for the present state of affairs. Sir William Wedder-burn, who knows India thoroughly, opened the debate by moving "that in view of the grievous sufferings which are again afflicting the people of India, and the extreme impoverishment of large masses of the popula-tion, a searching inquiry should be instituted in order to ascertain the causes which impair the cultivators' power to resist the attacks of famine and plague; and to suggest the best preventive measures against future famines." Sir William attacked British officialism, and laid particular stress on the point that the Indian ryot, or peasant, is not encouraged to provide against Ł drouths. Samuel Smith, supporting the motion, brought up the appalling poverty of the people. "In Madras in the past 11 years," he said, "the number of evictions for nod-payment of rent amounted to 152,-000, the number in the preceding 11 years having been 840,000. Such a state of things stands self-condemned. We are governing an excessively poor country far too expensively." Mr. Maclean, a government supporter, who could not be accused of partisan bias against the party in power, and who has spent a large portion of his life in India, visiting the country again only last year, made a vigorous assault upon present conditions. When last in India, he said, he was struck with the apathetic and despairing attitude of the native population, who, under recent calamities, had had taken from them even the last remnants of hope. The real cause of their im-poverishment was heavy taxation. The salt tax was a most oppressive burden to the poor man. As a matter of fact, all the resources of India were mortgaged to England. All the great businesses, the shipping, rail-ways, banks and great industrial institutions of all kinds were in the hands of Englishmen, who, drawing large salaries, transmitted their savings to England. What were I he consequences to the native population? Famine followed famine, cattle died, household goods were pawned, and, having no means to replenish their farms, the natives lived mere slaves to the village usurer. They had willingly voted £60,000,000 for the war in South Africa, and Mr. Maclean urged the House to fulfil their obligations to the noblest of British pos-sessionsŠIndia. The trouble with India, according to Mr. Maclean, whose right to speak on this question is not disputed, is substantially the old trouble with Ireland, that other monument of the failure of British rule. Financially and industrially it has beenmade a mere tribute-bearer. India is literally the financial slave of the British money  power. The, sum of £60,000,000 is annually sent to England by the Englishmen in India, which they have-drawn:from the wealth of the country. And heavy tax-ation, according to expert observers, is "the real cause-of India's impoverishment." These charges certainly help to explain the situation and to make it clear that-the responsibility for India's present condition cannot be entirely charged against the people of India them-selves. The closing year of the nineteenth century is proba-bly the most inglorious in British history during the century's passage. Sir William Wedderburn's motion was rejected by the House of Comnfons. The British are lavishly and passionately spending their money by the hundred million to crush the nationality of a brave people in South Africa, yet millions of the queen'sIndian subjects starve. Conflict Between Church and State in France. THE opening of the great international Exposition in Paris, was the occasion of an exhibition of the sec-ularism now prevailing in the French government, which seems even in Protestant quarters to be viewed with a degree of apprehension. The Independent (New York) in describing this feature of the opening cere-monies, says:Š "What chiefly interests the French public is the relation of the Exposition and its opening exercises to socialism and religion. The address at the opening Was by the Socialist member of the Cabinet. There were no religious exercises, no blessing by the Cardinal Archbishop of Paris, no allusion to the Deity in the speeches of M. Millerand and President Loubet; and the hymn that was sung, instead of recognizing God, was addressed to Victor Hugo. These are new depart-ures; they look a bit like a return to 1789. It is not strange that, following other acts against the church, such as the canceling two days before of the usual recognition of Good Friday by the Navy, the feeling on the religious question has been greatly embittered, and even the popular success of the Exposition endan-gered. France is still at heart Christian, strong as the Socialists are, who are mostly anti-religious.", "The conditions in France," the Independent con-tinues, "are not reassuring." This is true enough; but it would be no less true if the French government stood upon a religious instead of a secular basis, and bowed to the decrees of Rome, as it formerly did. "Patriotism is taught in the state schools, as religion is in the church schools. Patriotism almost takes the place of religion. The French have not yet learned that the two- can coincide." They have learned, however, that true patriotism cannot coincide with the religion of Rome. "Despite all the efforts of the popes, the church, remains hostile to the state, and desires its overthrow; and, to the common people, the church:is represented in its worst and most medieval 