692 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION. It is not, however, the thought of the writer that A-PROMINENT National Reformer, Rev. J. M. Fos- any one is under moral obligation either to vote or ter, of New York, a minister of the Reformed Presby- to hold office. Quite the contrary, but this is only terian Church, has recently given his reasons for not because we do not believe with Mr. Foster that supporting the United Christian Party, even though moral reform may be accomplished by vote of Con-its platform recognizes " God as sovereign, the Lord gress or that moral responsibility can by any possi-Jesus as King, and the Bible as the supreme law in bility attach to anything except to moral personsŠnational affairs." Of the party in question Mr. Fos- that is, to individuals. ter says: Anybody may swear allegiance to the Constitu-" They act within-the political body that has ac- tion of the United States and go to work the next cepted of authority under the Constitution of the moment to secure the most radical changes in that United States, and their candidates, if elected, would instrument without violating his oath, provided al- be required to swear to support the Constitution. ways he proceeds according to constitutional "The national Constitutional is the supreme law methods. If, therefore, it is Christian duty to agitate,  of the land and not a party platform, and while their for political reforms or for moral reforms by politi-sentiments before election day are good, their con- cal methods and through political channels, then duct in administering the Government would be Mr. Foster and hislellow-reformers are clearly with-regulated by a Constitution that does not mention out excuse in their refusal to participate in politics God's name nor acknowledge Christ nor refer to the Holy Word. The sentiments of their platform reach simply because the Constitution, is not now what  to heaven, their conduct in office would be chained they believe it should be. to earth by an immoral Constitution which they But we are not of the number of those who be- swear to support. - lieve that Mr. Foster and his coreligionists are ad- z " Covenanters refuse to support the Constitution vocating a real reform. They demand, first of all, of the United States, either personally as officers or that the national Constitution shall " acknowledge representatively at the ballot-box. They are not Almighty God as the author of the nation's exis-indifferent to politics, but there is a higher law to tence and the ultimate source of its authority, Jesus which we owe our allegiance. We take this position not from sentiments of unpatriotic disloyalty to our Christ as its ruler, and the Bible as the supreme  country, but from motives of patriotic loyalty to rule of its conduct, and thus indicate that this is a Christ. We can not take the oath of allegiance to Christian nation, and place all Christian laws, insti- the United States." tutions, and usages of our Government on an unde- Doubtless Mr. Foster is entirely conscientious in niable legal basis in the fundamental law of the this matter. The Scotch Covenanters, of whom the land." Reformed Presbyterians are the lineal descendants, Let, us see what is involved in this, or rather let witnessed to the sincerity of their faith by the things' us examine briefly one or two things involved in it. they suffered; but sincerity does not prove that its First, if it is designed to be more than merely corn-possessors are right; it simply entitles, men to re- plimentary; if it is to be practical, and Jesus Christ spect not due to mere pretenders. is indeed to be kirk, and the Bible the supreme Inasmuch as Mr. Foster and his coreligionists be- rule of governmental action, then as Jesus Christ is lieve in moral reform by political action it is not not here in person, as he would not himself sit upon easy to see why they refuse to act politically until the throne, there would necessarily be a vicegerent the reform they seek has -been accomplished. or one to rule instead of Jesus Christ and in his Whether they participate in the affairs of govern- name. But this would be nothing short of another merit or not, they are part and parcel of the people, papacy, an exact image or likeness of the Roman and with us the people are, theoretically at least, the Papacy. governing power. Therefore, if, as Mr. Foster Again, if the Bible were indeed to be the su- maintains, the-Government has an individuality and preme rule of governmental action it would of neces-a responsibility apart from the individuals, who corn- sity be judicially interpreted either arbitrarily by the pose the nation, we confess that we 'can not see, how pretended vicegerent of Jesus Christ or by the any one is going to escape his share of that respon- courts,' ust as the Constitution and laws of Congress sibility simply by refusing to act his part. are now construed by the courts. --And this-iv-as 