 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 443      enjoy on that day. They made their influence felt all through the history of this great nation. "We find the Sabbath in the earliest record of the world. Before the fall, when He czeated the first man, God gave [him] the Sabbath. Sin did not make it nec-essary. It was for the physical nature of man when he was first put on earth. After the fall it is made even more necessary by sin. "There must be one day in seven when you turn aside your foot from the path of your own pleasure to do as God wants you to do. This may mean to turn away from the pedal of your bicycle, unless you use it to go to the' temple of God's worship. I consider that you have as much right to use it for that purpose as any other vehicle." The second speaker of the afternoon was Mr. C. N. Howard, of Rochester, N. Y., who has taken a very ac- tive part in the Sunday closing and anti-saloon crusade recently waged in his home city. He was certainly fiery and vehement enough for the most radical national re-former imaginable. The subject assigned him was the "Side Door." In introducing this speaker, Treasurer Shaw said:Š "I don't suppose many of you people know where the side door is. As I happen to know perhaps I had better tell you that the side door to the Sunday saloon is the front door to hell. It is the open door for more evils in society, I think, than any other agency for evil on earth. "Mr. Howard is the founder of the Prohibition Chris-tian Union. We are not afraid of that word 'prohibi-tion.' (Cheers.) If you want to kill a snake you do not cut off his tail. You would cut it off right behind his ears if he had any ears. Just the same way if you want to get rid of the saloon, the only way is to get rid of it. Kill it, that's all. Please God the day is soon coming Ł when this will not be an ideal, but a blessed reality." The following extract from the speech of Mr. How-ard shows the real purpose of the Sunday closers, viz., to legally coerce into observance of Sunday all citizens regardless of occupation, religious belief, or any other c onsideration: Š "Did I say the side doors were shut? The newspa-pers said so, but they were mistaken. The police said so, but they lied. The New York reporter said the town was as dry as the desert of Sahara, but he never saw the Sahara, and he did not know. They were not closed, because the front doors of the hardware stores next door were open. The front doors of grocery stores were open and people passed in all day. The front doors of barber shops were open and men got shaved twenty times a day." No doubt many SENTINEL readers will find themselves in agreement with Mr. Howard in this statement':Š "The side doors were not shut. They never have been shut so long as we legalize the open front door on week days. It is so with every prohibitory feature of the license laws. You can make no law which will legal-ize the selling of liquor to a man before he is drunk and prohibit selling it to him after he is drunk. You can't legalize it on Sundays." Hon. John Charleton, of Lyndedoch, Ontario, 'mem-ber of the Canadian Parliament, was the next speaker. Evidently one of Mr. Charleton's chief grievances is the Sunday newspaper, for after enlarging somewhat at length upon the many alleged benefits to accrue from the strict observance of the Sunday Sabbath, he thus vigor-ously gave expression to his feelings on this subject :Š " The Sunday newspaper has grown and developed into a great power for evil. It stands before us now as more than a social demon. It is the enemy of God's law. It gives its readers instead of good vigorous reading the scandals of the divorce court and other equally sensa-tional matter and begets a taste that is trivial and im moral, vitiating a taste for solid literature. A few months ago the newspapers of London attempted to start the Sunday newspaper but of the five millions of people in that city there was not enough constituency to keep them alive. We may copy that example in America with profit." That the promoters of Sunday observance contem-plate resort to legal coercion in compelling all to relig-iously observe Sunday as the Sabbath, is manifestly evi-dent from the following from the lips of the same speaker:Š "It [Sunday observance] will promote temperance, good morals and social purity, and in all respects named, the fruit of its observance will be of a character not only to warrant, but to demand the intervention of the strong arm of the civil law to secure the nation its price-less blessings." Strange as it may seem, in his very next period, Mr. Charleton made use of this language:Š "Its observance will be a powerful factor in promot-ing material prosperity. It will also secure the acknowl-edgment of the right of conscience, and the boon of relig-ious liberty." Just how the "intervention of the strong arm of the civil law" to compel people to keep Sunday whether their conscience so enjoins or not, will ensure to our citizens the "boon of religious liberty" he fails to make clear. The question of Sunday.observance was also brought up in the meetings of the general officers of the United Society of Christian Endeavor by the Toledo Ministerial Association, who are bringing pressure to bear to compel the managers of the Toledo Exposition to close the gates to their exhibition on Sunday. In response to the re-quest of the Toledo ministers, the following resolutions were adopted by the trustees and were later endorsed by the convention. "The sentiment of the present convention has been sounded on at least one pointŠthat of Sabbath observ-ance. At the meeting of the trustees of the united society yesterday morning, audience was given to a delegation of Toledo ministers to explain the crusade the ministe-rial element of that city had inaugurated against the desecration of the Lord's day. The centenial celebration of the founding of Toledo is to be celebrated there in 1903, and the exposition is expected to be a big one. 