1-1114_ERICAN SENTINEL. 485'  will escape detection and the law will not deter them from the commission of crime. But the work of the gospel is far different, far better than this. Its object is so to change a man's natural evil disposition that he will love right and truth, and would practice them even if the law were against those things. The power by which this can be done is the power of God, and that power is in the gospel. By it, the very heart of man is changed, and the whole being in all its purposes is renewed and made like Christ. Civil law can only take cognizance of the outward conduct; it can-not touch the heart. Civil law strains as well as it can the foul stream of depraved humanity; the gospel cleanses the source of the stream and makes it all pure. The civil law is content if a man does good according to its stan-dard; the gospel makes a man good himself. The real goodness that arises from a changed heart cannot be legislated into being. Says Lacratelle, "Les vertus neos de la religion, se eachent clans la religion meme." (The virtues born of religion, are hidden in religion itself.) They cannot be found outside of it. So when a minister of the gospel turns to the civil law as the chief means to promote virtue, he has certainly mistaken his calling. An intelligent physician would recommend the best remedy he knew for a disease, and should not a minister of the gospel recommend the best he knows to cure the evil in the hearts of men? And if he recommends the civil law, what is that but saying that he knows nothing better? It is a fact that a great many of the clergy have de-termined upon the renovation of the world by means of the civil law. The broad way is to be hedged full of legal enactments, making progress there extremely difficult; and the narrow way is to be, by municipal regulation, widened into a boulevard and made attractive and easy to walk in. It seems almost a wonder, since men con-ceive there is such a power in law, that some one of these ministers does not propose an injunction in order to shut up the broad way altogether, so that none can ever walk in it again ! Sad indeed is it that those who have been called to preach the gospel should value it so little; that those who have the promise of the power of God to reform men, should cast it aside as though it were of no particular account, and take in its place the power of human laws. The snows of Lebanon are exchanged for the muddy waters of Babylon, the cloven tongues of fire for the po liceman's club; cringing fear is to take the place of intel-ligent faith, dread of earthly penalty that of loving service to a kind heavenly Father. So the divine Master is wounded in the house of his professed friends, and the gospel way of reformation thus cast aside by the ministry as though it were not as efficacious as man's way, is brought into discredit. In their efforts to make the way of reform easy, they let go of the power that alone can change the heart, to take the power that can only affect the outward conduct. Such a reform from a Bible standpoint, and that should  be the minister's standpoint, is valueless; it never can accomplish any lasting, any real good. 4 4 The Israelitish Theocracy a Warning and Admo-nition to Us. BY THOMAS R. WILLIAMSON "Now all these things happened unto them for en-samples: and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come." 1 Cor. 10:11. National Reformers and those who in these times-favor the enforcement of Sunday laws, point us back to the Scripture history of ancient Israel as authority for the setting up of an earthly theocracy. They say that as God approved the action of the government then when the worship of God was enforced by law, therefore God would approve now if the keeping of Sunday were enforced in like manner by earthly governments. Now if we examine the record we shall find that after the entering of the land of Canaan by Israel, the period during which a purely heaven-made theocracy endured,  did not outlast the time of the judges, and during the rule of the judges the nation did not serve God through any fear of their earthly rulers, as the judge kept no court, had no army immediately at his call, was not sur-rounded by warriors who hastened to inflict punishment at his command, and though the judge, as in the case or Deborah, might command and lead an army, yet the people furnished that army or they refused to furnish it as best pleased them. Part of the people did not respond,  to the call of Deborah and Barak, and Deborah and, Barak visited no punishment upon the disobedient ones..  They denounced the punishment of God upofi them and` then left them entirely to him, and God punished them as he saw fit. That was the time of a pure theocracy, a true government of God directly over the people. It was so in the wilderness too, the people were pun-ished by God direct, in most eases, for disobedience to-divine commands, and Moses was the direct mouthpiece of God. Under the judges, there was no support by the people-of an expensive retinue of princes and nobles in the form of a governing body surrounding the ruler, who di-rected all movements and who controled all interests of State or church or family. The government was exceedingly mild and people feared God, if they feared him at all, because he himself dealt directly with the nation. God named and selected each succeeding judge, whether that judge were Eli, or Samuel, or Samson, or Gideon. When the people chose for themselves, as in the case of Abimelech, they generally chose badly and they then suffered for it, and in that choice they forsook the theoc-racy; for a true theocracy is never anything but the direct government of God without the intervention of any but inspired rulers chosen by the Deity himself. 