AMERICAN SENTINEL. 475 her in the resurrection morning. I cannot give up my hope nor yield obedience to the laws of men when they conflict with the commands of God. I would that George Washington were here upon the judgment seat and that I could be tried before him. He would say, "Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience." These are his own words and are as true to-day as Ł when he wrote them. I do not charge my prosecutors with malice. I have only feelings of kindness toward them. I submit the case to your hands praying that God may guide you in coming to a right decision. The jury were then sent aside and after about twenty minutes returned with a verdict of "Not guilty." We returned to our homes grateful to our Heavenly Father for his watchcare over us. R. S. OWEN. Hatley, Miss., July 20. Sabbath or Sunday? EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: At Chilhowie Park near Knoxville, Tenn , the Traction Company is giving vaude-ville shows on Sundays, under the name of sacred con-certs. The ministry of the city are violently opposing these theatrical exhibitions as desecratory of their Sab-bath(sic) or Sunday. Among the leaders in the opposition is Rev. Dr. Neighbors, pastor of the Broad Street Methodist Church. The reporter that wrote him up in the Knoxville Journal and Tribune quotes him as saying: "That he would speak only to one class of people,Šsensible, upright, reasonable people." Then he took up one by one the ten commandments, and reading them, asked the con-gregation if they were of use in this century. Taking up the commandment, "Remember the Sab-bath day to keep it holy," the reporter says the doctor reasoned as follows: "How is it that a certain class of people think they can strike out the fourth command-ment at their discretion and not be punished? More stress is laid on this commandment than upon any other. The Lord says remember the Sabbath day. Al-ready he had told his people that the Sabbath day was sacred, and he tells them again in this commandment to remember to keep it holy. So the men who desecrate the Sabbath are guilty in the same degree as those who violate the remaining nine commandments." The doctor then quoted the State law, which pun-ishes for breaking Sunday, or the first day of the week, and showed that some actions of attaches of Chilhowie Park were infractions upon this law. The gentleman concluded his discourse with denunciatory remarks about the management of the park, for permitting per- formances there on Sundays. The above is quoted bod-ily to show the want of logic and truth. The "sensible and reasonable" people are told that Sunday is the Sabbath, when the very commandment the doctor attempts to quote tells him that "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The "sensible and reasonable" people would like to ask if Doctor Neighbors is not breaking the Sabbath when he teaches his congregation to keep Sunday holy, when neither the commandment he quotes nor any of the scriptures says anything about the sacredness of the first day of the week. "Except your righteousness shall exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven." Matt. 5:20. "But in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." Matt. 15:9. CYRUS SIMMONS Another Arrest and the Result. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: During the progress of my trial on the 19th of July, papers were made out, and Josiah Nash, a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, way, arrested, on the charge of having labored on Sunday, March 5, 1899, "against the peace and dig-nity of the State of Mississippi." He was bound over to appear at court July 21, at 10 A. M. The next day, July 20, the officer was out in our neighborhood scour-ing the country in search of witnesses to prove our brother's guilt, and it was on the next day after the ar-rest that our neighbor Mr. Fugua first learned that he was prosecutor in the case. That night our little band of Sabbath keepers as-sembled in the church at Hatley, to unite in seeking God's blessing and guidance in the ordeal through which we were again to pass. Our enemies had appeared chag-rined after their defeat the day before and seemed more determined in their next attempt. They went around with a subscription paper to raise $2.50 to hire a lawyer who had promised for that amount he would convict the prisoner. The next morning witnessed two proces_ sions coming into the town of Amory; first, the instiga-tors of the prosecution and their witnesses, and second the band of Adventists with their brother in bonds. At Amory we had to wait till 2 P. M. before all the witnesses were secured. While waiting for the court to sit the prosecuting lawyer came to me expressing great sympathy and love for the Advent people. They were a good people and he tlid not want to make them trouble. "Now," said he, "I have a proposition to make, if you will promise to respect our Sabbath from this time on I will get this case dismissed." I told him I could not answer for others, they could do as they chose, but I could not entertain such a proposition. He soon found that no one else was willing to compromise in such a matter. 