 "If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not Judge the World, but to Save the World.'  VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JUNE 14,1894. NUMBER 24.      American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WICEICLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BoNn STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. ALONZO JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. E. BALLENGER, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. BEFORE the Lord Jesus Christ went away from the world, he said to his disci-ples, " I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you." As he was about to ascend to heaven from the Mount of Olives, he said again to his disciples, " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature; . . . and, lo, I am with you alway, even to the end of the world." Š Š THE presence of Christ with his people is thus an assured fact. Nor is it only with them in an outward and separate sense, but with them in the inward and essential sense of oneness with them. He is with them by being in them. And so it is written: " I will, dwell in them, and walk in them; and 1 will be their God, and they shall be my people." 2 Cor. 6:16. BUT his name is Immanuel, which is, " God with us." " God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself." Therefore, the presence of Christ with his people is the presence of God also. It is the presence of both the Father and the Son, for they " are one." And so he has said : " If a man .love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him, and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him." John 14 : 23. AN abode is a dwelling-place. We will come unto him and make him our dwell-ing-place. "For thus saith the high and lofty One that inhabiteth eternity, whose name is Holy : I dwell in the high and holy place, with him also that is of a con- trite and humble spirit." Isa. 57 : 15. " My presence shall go with thee." Ex. 33 :14. And as God is real, and Christ is real, so their presence is real. 'Their pres-ence with the believer in Jesus is a real presence. This is the true real presence. How, then, is this real presence mani-fested ? Here is the answer to that ques-tiOn : " Strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man, that Christ may dwell in your hearts, . . . that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God." Eph. 3: 16, 17, 19. " For in him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily." Col. 2: 9. Thus it is by the Holy Spirit that Christ dwells with his people. It is by the presence of the Holy Spirit in the heart of the believer that the real presence of Christ is manifested to those and in those who are his. For " if any man have not the Spirit of Christ he is none of his." Rom. 8: 9. THIS is more fully stated in the Saviour's last talk with his disciples (John 14 :16-23) before his death. He says : " I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you." As he will not leave his children comfortless, he gives them the Comforter. He gives them the Comforter because he will come to them. Consequently, it is by "the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost," that Christ dwells with his people, and that his real presence is manifested to them and in them. So he says : " I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever; even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him : but ye know him, for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. . . . At that day ye shall know that I am in my Father, and ye in me, and I in you." In the day that the child of God receives the Holy Spirit, he knows that Christ dwells in him: he knows the real presence of Christ with him and in him. THIS Spirit of truth, the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, which brings the presence of Christ, the world cannot receive "because it se.qh him not, neither knoweth him." And the world sees him not because it does not believe. Instead of believing, that it may see, the world wants to see that it may believe. And so, because the world sees not the Spirit of God, and sees not Jesus Christ, it will not believe; and therefore cannot receive him and cannot know him. But to those who do believe and therefore do receive  him, Jesus says, " Ye know him, for he dwelleth with and shall be in you." The promise of the Spirit is received "through faith," and then we know him. So that it is literally true that by faith we know God and the things of God. FAITH is not speculation. It is not a guessing at things. It is not a taking for granted that of which there is not, and cannot be, any certainty. Faith is the means of attaining to knowledge which cannot be reached in any other way. And it is absolute knowledge too. Instead of faith being the taking at a venture things of which there is no certainty, it is that which introduces us to the very certainties of the universe itself. If the world could. see God or the things of God with worldly eyes, and could know God or the things of God by worldly knowledge, this would reduce God and all the things of God to the level of this world and the things of this world. And this would be only to confirm, by the sanction of God, this world forever in its own ways as they are. But God wants to lift the world up to himself and his ways, instead of having the world bring him down to its own level to confirm its own wickedness. And in order that the world may be brought to God and his ways, it must see with other than worldly eyes and know with other than worldly knowledge. It must see with the eyes of God and know with the knowledge of God And that it may do this, God has made to all the world the gift of faith. By faith we see that which without it cannot be seen, and by faith we know that which without it cannot be known. By faith we see him who is in-visible (Heb. 11 : 27), and the things that are eternal (2 Cor. 4 : 18). By faith we know him who is the Author and Foun-tain of knowledge, and that which passeth knowledge. Eph. 3: 19. So, while the world cannot receive the Spirit of God because it seeth him not neither knoweth him, they who are of faith can receive 1iim. And having received him they see him, though he be invisible, and know him. To these he says, " Ye know him ; for ho dwelleth with you and shall be in you." And, " Ye see me." And, " I will manifest myself to him." SUCH is the 'rue doctrine of the real - - EDITORS. 