AMERICAN SENTINEL. 121 istrative power to impose the conditions from which they suffer. " These facts should be considered by Private Dalzell before invoking heaven to hasten waiwith another coun-try. I still have hopes of a peaceful solution of our diffi-culties, and will work to that end; but if, as Private Dal-zell says, the only remedy is in war, I prefer to have the war at home. "What moral right have we to impose war, with all its cruelties and destruction and desolation, on a foreign country as a means of relieving our own distress and the result of our errors? Furthermore, to provoke a foreign country to war would not prove a permanent remedy for domestic wrongs. It would inflate the volume of govern-ment securities and impose increased burdens on the debtor classes. It might also result in adding our coun-try to the conquests of some monarchical or despotic power, and make us slaves to tyranny and oppression. Insurrections start with a spark and are quenched with a deluge. " One reason in favor of insurrection to idle, starving and overburdened people is more potent in exciting war than a thousand reasons against insurrections in pre-serving the peace. Dalzell may not know what the secret revolutionary societies are doing. For his benefit I will quote the following from the prelude of a secret circular now being distributed by one of the revolutionary socie-ties just mentioned:Š " 'ComuseEs : There comes a time in the affairs of men and nations when desperation compels the human mind to pause and bring to its aid that element of reason so long discarded. We have reached such a crisis in the destinies of this American Republic. " One hundred years of national existence has dem-onstrated that the political fabric of our Government contains within its warp and woof the elements of its own destruction, with the fact that the ballot has proven a most lamentable failure as a safeguard of free institu-tions. " 'In the closing of the nineteenth century we see a. class despotism establishing itself upon the ruins of the Republic. An oligarchy is now in power, and already the hideous phantom of imperialism overshadows us, as em-bodied in the autocratic claims of the Federal Court and the acts of unbridled military despotism characteristic of the Federal Government of to-day. " 'What is to be done? We have appealed in vain to the ballot. Every trial of strength in the political arena has resulted in victory for the unscrupulous money power. " 'There is nothing surprising in this. The ballot is a weapon best wielded by the hand of cunning and craft. History records no nation that freed itself by voting. No : let us be frank. The hour has come for men to lay aside the mask and look each other in the face. " 'Fellow reformer, would you be free? Would you see the regime of corporate power and class despotism at an end? Would you see the shackles stricken forever from the limbs of humanity and behold emancipation, the rebirth of the nation which Jefferson revered, that Paine wrote and wrought to establise? Do you be-lieve that this can come through the ballot? No, you do not. '"Have not the Reformers spent their lives, their for-tunes and their energies in the cause of political reform through the ballot box, and what has been the result?  Have they not seen the cunning and unscrupulous always victorious, emerging from every campaign master of the spoils? Have you any hopes that this will be changed in the future? The past is one long protest against the ballot as an instrument of reformation.' " it -4- -.1r  The Sunday Law in Texas. BY A. W. JENSON. JANUARY 12, 1897, the first session of the twenty-fifth legislature of Texas, convened at Austin, and on the 15th, House Bill No. 11, for the promotion of Sunday sacredness, appeared, which reads as follows:Š " Any.person who shall hereafter labor or compel, force or oblige his employes, workmen or apprentices, to labor on Sunday, or any person who shall hereafter play base ball, foot ball, or any other game of like kind on Sunday; or any person who shall hereafter hunt game, of any kind whatsoever on Sunday, within one mile of any church, school-house, or private residence, shall be fined not less than twenty-five nor more than one hun-dred dollars." This bill was read the first time and referred to Judi-ciary Committee No. 2, and on the 18th of January, it was by the committee reported back to the House with recommendation to pass with the following amend-ments:Š Section (1) to be amended by inserting after "what-soever," the words, "with firearms and dogs, or either," and by striking out the words " within one mile of any church, school, or private residence ; " thus making it a misdemeanor to work, hunt, or play ball of any kind anywhere in Texas on Sundays. On the 21st of January the Judiciary Committee re-ported it correctly engrossed, and on January 23, it was read the third time and passed. January 26, Mr. Ward galled up the motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed. The motion to reconsider prevailed, and the bill was again laid before the House on its final passage. Mr. Ward then offered an amendment to the bill, cov-ering that part of it which related to the hunting of game, as follows:Š "Or any person who shall hereafter hunt game of any kind whatsoever on Sunday within one half mile of any church, school-house, or private residence; or any per-son or persons who shall hereafter play baseball, foot-ball, or any game of like kind on Sunday, within one half mile of any church, or any other place of public worship, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and on convic-tion shall be fined in any sum not less than $30 nor more than $200." Mr. Love offered to amend the amendment by strik-ing out the words "one half mile" and inserting the words " one mile." This was' tabled by motion of Mr. Ward. Mr. Ward's amendment was put and lost. 