24 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 'l?e An2eFiea12 Berztiqel, OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH, 1888. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is, as everybody can see, only an eight-page paper, and is issued only once a month. It is evident, therefore, that we cannot publish everything, nor can we print in one number everything that comes within our province. When people send us communications, or extracts from papers, they must have patience if they do not appear at once. "All things come 'round to him who will but wait." .o Ł "FRIEND, please stop the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL," was the word that came post haste from Kansas a few days ago. We have not the slightest doubt but that there are many who would like to have us stop the SENTINEL, but we cannot gratify them, because there are so very many who write of the SENTINEL in a strain similar to the following from a promi-nent judge in a Southern State: "I read each number that comes, and I think with increas-ing interest." The SENTINEL will not stop. WE would call the attention of the friends of the SENTINEL to our bound volumes. Vol-ume 2 of the AMERICAN SENTINEL neatly bound in manilla, with index, is now ready. Price, 60 cents. Better still are volumes 1 and 2 bound in one cloth, volume, with index' of each volume. Price, $1.75 post-paid. Those who are studying the subject of National Re-form, will find the two volumes bound in one just the thing for them. Nobody could do a better thing than to buy a copy to present to some friend. ai Ł I. THE SENTINEL has not space to waste in per-sonalities. It is opposed not to National Re-formers, but to National Reform. Our friend N. R. Johnston enters a grevious complaint against us in the last number of the States-man, because a certain article of his was not published in the SENTINEL. AS he. says, we have published one or two articles from him. We went so far as to agree to publish them, before we saw them, because we felt sure that he would confine himself to the main. points. So when he again asked for space, we again assented; but when we found that the most of one of the articles needed no reply, and was not really upon National Reform, we in-formed him that we had not space for it. We would have published one; but as he insisted that it must be both or none, we returned both. At the same time we informed him that whenever he would furnish us with straight National Reform matter, we would publish it. This he does not tell the readers of the Statesman. We make this note of explanation simply  that all may know that the SENTINEL does not intend to shut out free and fair discus-sion of National Reform principles from its columns. Nothing would please us better than to receive for every number, from any representative National Reformer, short, pithy articles on National Reform, telling our read-' ers just what National Reform is, and what it wants. This doesn't mean, though, that we propose to resign the editorial management of the SENTINEL into the hands of the Na-tional Reformers. TRUTH never demands a vote. It refuses to go to the poll or to acknowledge majorities. It presents its evidence and claims submission. To attempt to gather truth out of a multitude of errors, by setting them to neutralize each other, is to revive the vain alchemy of the middle ages to turn iron into gold, onto imi-tate the folly of an old student of prophecy, who gathered some scores of conflicting pro-phetic dates together, and struck the mean among them in order to reach the true year. ŠHoratius Bonar, D. D. THE November (1887) number of the SEN-TINEL contained some of the questions and answers given at Łthe Lakeside National Re-form Convention. Among them was one by Dr. McAllister, in which he was reported as saying, in answer to the question, if the suc-cess of National Reform would not result in persecution : " False religion will be per-secuted, 'and the State will be the persecutor." Mr. McAllister says that what he did say was that "a false religion will persecute." We very gladly make the correction, for we have no design to misrepresent anybody. The truth about the National Reform Association is more damaging to it than any erroneous statement could be. When we have more space than we have in this number, we shall notice Mr. McAllister's statement more at length. " DISTRICT " SECRETARY, Rev. M. A. Gault, in a report in the Christian Statesman of Au-gust 11, tells of his attendance at a Prohibi-tion convention at Lake Side Rink, Racine, Wis., at which he "had the privilege of pre-senting the cause of God in Government here on the same platform with Colonel Bain, and Governor St John." Speaking further of Colonel Bain he says "He shook my hand warmly as I left the platform, saying how much he sympathized with the National Reform movement. He said he had received a letter some time ago from the editor of the AMERICAN SENTINEL 11I California, telling him how much mischief there was in our movement, and asking him to write some articles for the SENTINEL." We are most happy to inform Mr. Bain that he is most prodigiously mistaken. We know that Mr. Bain never received a letter from the editor of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, be-cause we happen to know that the editor of the SENTINEL never sent him a letter. Nor did the editor of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, nor any person authorized by the editor of the SENTI-NEL, ever ask Colonel Bain to write a single  article, much less "some articles for the SENTI-NEL." We would suggest that the excellent Colonel read his letters a little more carefully. Further Mr. Gault says of him :Š " He, wrote in reply [to the letter that he didn't get from the editor of the SENTINEL] that our country had been drifting devilward long enough, and he was disposed to sympa-thize with any movement to help it God ward." Mr. Bain may have written such a letter to somebody; he may have written it to the editor of the SENTINEL; but that no such la-ter was ever received by us is certain. If we had received it we might have said to him that it is true enough that our country has been, and is, " drifting devilward," but whereas now it is only " drifting," the effect of Na-tional Reform will be but to set it full-sail in that direction. Ł Ł Ł HITHERTO the SENTINEL has used the phrase "union of Church and State " in calling at-tention to the rapid encroachments of the ec-clesiastical upon the civil power in this coun-try and in making known our opposition to it. But those who are zealously working for the union of Church and State here, con-stantly seek to dodge, and to deaden as far as possible, the force of the SENTINEL'S argu-ments, by the sophistical plea that they are "all thoroughly opposed to any union of Church and State," while at the same time they are all just as thoroughly in favor of a union of Religion and the State. "Church and State," say they, "is always an unmixed evil. But Religion and State is another thing. That is a good thing,Šand that is what we aim to make a feature of our institutions, and we are going to have it." Now the SENTINEL does not propose to work at cross purposes, neither does it intend to spend any time in drawing hair-splitting distinctions between terms, therefore let it be forever understood that THE AMERICAN SENTI-NEL IS UNCOMPROMISINGLY OPPOSED TO ANY UN-ION OF RELIGION AND THE STATE. For such a union can end only in the worst of all tyran-niesŠthe tyranny of a religious despotism. In reality there is no difference, of course, be-tween a union of Church and State and a union of Religion and the State, but as those who favor the wicked thing, endeavor to disguise it under the apparently mellow term " Religion and State," we, likewise, in exposing it, shall hereafter use that term rather than the phrase "Church and State." This, not because we admit for a moment that there is any differ-ence at all, but solely to prevent them from dodging our arguments. But let it be under-stood that our opposition to so-called Religion and the State, is due solely to our love for true religion and the individual. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL.. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the-United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or relig i the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - as. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1959 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 