JULY 18, 1895. A.1011.11.,IC AN-  SkiN9rINIE1_40 227 ROGER WILLIAMS BANISHED BECAUSE HE OPPOSED SUNDAY LAWS. THE following paragraphs from the "Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia of Religious Knowledge," article "Roger Williams," show that seventh-day observers are in good company in suffering because of their opposition to compulsory Sunday observance:Š He [Williams] w.ent to Salem, where, in April [1631] the church asked him to become their teacher. But, as we learn from Winthrop, "at a court held at Bos-ton (upon information to the governor that they of Salem had called Mr. Williams to the office of teacher), a letter was written from the court to Mr. Endicott to this effect; that whereas Mr. Williams had refused to join with the congregation at Boston, because they would not make a public declaration of their repent-ance for having communion with the churches of Eng-land while they lived there; and besides had declared his opinion that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the sabbath nor any other offense, as it was [which was] a breach of the first table [first four com-mandments of the Decalogue]; therefore they mar-veled they would choose him without advising with the councils and withal desiring that they would for-bear to proceed till they had conferred about it." The issue of these inter-ferences was, that, in the summer or early autumn, Will-iams withdrew to Plymouth. . . . Williams returned to Salem in the latter half of the year 1633, some of the Plymouth people having be-come so attached to him that they re-moved thither also. He became assistant to the pastor, and on the death of the lat-ter, in 1634, was him-self made pastor of the church. During his whole ministry there, he held the very highest place in the love and honor of the people of Sa-lem. But certain of his opinions brought up-on him the displeas-tire of the authorities of tile colony. He was repeatedly cited to appear before the General Court ; and in October, 1635, it was " ordered that the said Mr. Will-iams shall depart out of this jurisdiction within six weeks now next ensuing." Per-mission was after-wards given him to remain at Salem until spring, but as it was soon reported, that, at gatherings in his own house, he had continued to utter the objection-able teachings, an officer was sedt to Salem in Janu-ary, 1636, to apprehend him, in order to put him on board ship, and send him back to England. On the officer's arrival at Salem, it was found that Williams had departed three days before, whither could not be learned. The most noted of the proscribed opinions of Will-iams was the doctrine that the civil magistrate should not inflict punishment for purely religious error. It has been urged that it was not simply for his doctrine of religious liberty, but for other opinions also, that Williams was banished. This, however, will not ex-culpate the General Court; for we find them enacting a law, that "If any person or persons.within the ju- risdiction . . shall deny . . . their [the magistrates'] lawful right or authority . to punish the outward breaches of the first table . . . every such person or persons shall be sentenced to banishment." In other words, though it be admitted that Williams was banished for other utterances, to-gether with the proclamation of the doctrine of reli-gious freedom, the court deemed it proper to decree banishment for that teaching alone. Certain others of Williams' opinions were condemned; e. g., those re-garding the royal patent, the administration of certain oaths, etc. ; and it is declared by some that these doc-trines threatened the civil peace and thus rendered him justly liable to exile. But in Rhode Island, where  the teachings of Williams and of all others were freely permitted, life and property and civil order were as secure as in Massachusetts. In other words, the Rhode Island experiment showed that Williams' teach-ings were not dangerous to civil order, and that there-fore his banishment from Massachusetts was unneces-sary, and consequently unjust. There is a striking parallel between the banishment of Roger Williams and the impris-onment of Seventh-day Adventists to-day. Williams denied the right of the civil magis-trate to punish men for breaking a sabbath; so dO Seventh-day Adventists. The perse-cutors of Williams declared that his opposition to Sunday statutes would destroy civil order; the persecutors of - Seventh-day Adventists assert the same. Williams continued his op-position to Sunday statutes in the face of an enactment forbidding it; so do Seventh-day Adventists. For his opposition Williams was banished; for their opposition Seventh-day Adventists are now in jail at Dayton, Tenn. Our secular histories are full of praise for Roger Williams, because of his opposition to Church and State union of his day, and Bap- —Ihielloo 'f\P\I{ tist historians and Baptists generally are proud, and justly so, of his noble stand, against religious legislation. But if he was right in opposing Sunday statutes then, and in suffering banishment rather than cease his opposition to them, why ought not all Bap- tists and all admirers of Williams to rally to the defense of Seventh-day Adventists who are to-day, and in America, suffering imprison-ment for the same offense ? Why is it that certain Baptist papers praise the conduct of Roger Williams and denounce his persecutors, while denouncing the same con- duct in Seventh-day Adventists, and indorsing their arrest and imprisonment ? Consistency, thou are a jewel! The Indiana Baptist states the situation forcibly when it says:Š Roger Williams should be on earth again to teach some Baptists that " the civil magistrate has no au-thority to punish breaches of the first table of the Decalogue." We are yet far from the recognition of the right of every man to perfect religious liberty. Yes, a second Roger Williams is sorely  needed; and we have hopes that we are to have such a man in the person of H. L. Way-land, of the Examiner National Baptist and Christian Inquirer, who is now doing noble, courageous work in that direction. In the words of the Examiner and National Baptist: "We wonder that the very stones do not cry out against such travesties of jus-tice, that Christian men do not lift their voices in protest against such wicked perver-sion of religion, this insult to the name of Christ. And, in particular, why do not Bap-tists, whose fathers stood against the world for soul-liberty, make themselves heard when these relics of medimval bigotry and perse-cuting intolerance are found in our free country ?" We appeal to all Baptists and all lovers of justice and right, Look upon the scene of Roger Williams bidding good-by to home and loved ones before fleeing into the wilderness from the hand of persecution! Look at that scene and remember that it has been repeated scores of times in the last few years in the States of Tennes- ii— see, Maryland, and Georgia! The eight imprisoned men at Dayton, Tenn., Š impris-oned for their faithfulness to the same principle for which Roger Will-iams was banished Šare men with human hearts, men who love their homes and fami-lies and are in turn loved by wife and children; and likely there were moistened eye s when the parting came, and the little ones clung to father's side. Oh, when will men cease to mar-tyr the true heroes of their day while engaged in build-ing the monu-ments of those martyred by their fathers I Thank God, there are men to-day who with a weeping wife pressing their hand and the little ones clinging to their garments, will, with resolute face, look heavenward and pledge freedom and fortune, honor and life, to the mainte-nance of truth and religious liberty! Thank God that faithfulness to truth and conscience has not perished from the earth! Ł BAPTISTS AND SUNDAY STATUTES. THE following from a standard publication of the Baptist Church states clearly the posi-tion which that church has held from the days of Roger Williams, against a union of Church and State in general, and compulsory Sunday observance in particular:Š The duty of the civil magistrate in regard to the ob-servance of the Lord's day. Christ said (John 18:36): "My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be deliv-ered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence." Here Christ refuses to employ physical force. His kingdom is not of this world; and civil laws and Roger Williams Leaving His Family For a Home in the Wilderness. Banished because he ﬂ declared his opinion that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the sabbath nor any other offense, as it was [which was] a breach of the first table." 