MAY 7, 1896. A,M1kliEtrc_AN s-Riv-rriNmL 149 the youth to become applicants for admission into her fold. While sonic time was given in this session of the association to a discussion of the family as an educational institution, it is undoubt-edly true that the importance of parental religious training for children and youth is becoming more and more lost to public view. The family, the church, and the denomina-tional school are the only proper institutions for imparting religious instruction; and of these the family is not the least. The pa-rental and family influence is incomparably greater over the youth than is that of the church or the school. Religious training should begin with the child as soon as it is old enough to understand religious ideas and principles, and for the purposes of such train-ing the Bible, in the hands of parents, stands pre6minent. It is the home influence that makes or mars the character. The person who in early youth contends with an adverse influence at home, struggles against great odds. The parents stand to the young child in the place of God, and their place cannot be taken by any others. This is fixed by the natural relation between the parties. To parents is entrusted by God the training of their children for usefulness in life, and no part of this training is of such importance as that which affects their moral nature, and sets forth their relation to God. If parents evade this responsibility or shift it to other hands, they neglect a sacred trust. Where parents are not competent to train their children in religious knowledge, this work should be done by the church and the denominational school. In many instances this will be the case; but no parent is released from obligation in this respect. What the country needs is an agitation which will set before parents their duty to diligently'instruct their children in religious knowledge as re-vealed in the Word of God, and not an agita-tion which tends to lessen their perceptions of personal responsibility in this respect. WHAT THEY MEAN BY RIGHTS. THE National Reformers insist that their proposed amendment instead of infringing the religious liberty of any would be the safeguard of religious liberty for all. That however depends altogether upon what is meant by religious liberty. This was clearly revealed in the Hearing before the Committe of the Judiciary, of the House of Representa-tives, March 11, 1896. We quote from the official report:Š DR. LEWIS *ŠThere are to-day in the United States by the last census, and I give my statement on the authority of Mr. Charles Buell, who was a prominent member of the census corps, one million of people observing the Sabbath according to the Bible, Sev-enth-day Baptists, Adventists, and Hebrews. Now, I put the question to you, Doctor: Is it not the purpose of this movementŠit has certainly been so announced Što compel us who, on conscientious biblical grounds, hold to the seventh day, according to the Bible and not according to a tradition, is it not the purpose to compel us to submit? DR. MCALLISTERŠNO, sir. DR. LEWISŠIt has been so announced. DR. MCALLISTERŠI am not responsible for any such announcement. MR. BURTONŠConceding that it is not the purpose, would it not be the result? DR. MCALLISTERŠNO, sir; not at all. It could not be, Now, let me give my answer as to this matter in regard to the Bible. In the first place, my good friend, Dr. Lewis, says explicitly that the seventh-day Sabbath is the Bible ground. That is his interpreta-tion. He has a right to interpret it in that way. I say that the first day of the week is the Bible ground, And that is the way it ever will be. Now, here comes *A. H. Lewis. D. D., Seventh-day Baptist, Plainfield, N. J,  the Congress of the United States; and it must decide; the nation must decide. MR. BURTONŠLet me ask you why should anyone decide except the individual? DR. MCALLISTERŠThe Congress must decide. MR. BURTONŠBut why? DR. MCALLISTERŠYOU meet here to do certain work, and, like every man, you have to decide whether you shall work seven days or six. You must decide whether you will work seven days or not. You have to give a decision. The next point is that when you decide not to work more than six days you must decide which day you will rest. And you have decided to rest on Sunday, the first day. Why? Because it is a Christian country. It is the Christian sabbath. MR. JONES fŠIn several States for several years, for snore than one hundred years, those who have kept the SabbathŠJews, Seventh-day Baptists, and Seventh-day AdventistsŠhave been and are imprisoned or fined under the present State laws, and some are in jail now, I understand. I would ask the brethren if you have made any effort to secure the repeal, or in any earnest way showed sympathy for the people who have thus suffered? DR. MoilmsrmtŠI have used my efforts as editor of the Christian Statesman, which endeavors to advo-cate the principles of Christian citizenship, in favor of the rights of every man to his own fullest, freest conviction. I have done this from the time I was first able to think on these subjects. It has been over forty years of actual work. I have plead for every man's enjoyment of his religious convictions to the fullest extent, whether he is Jew, Seventh-day Baptist, Ad-ventist, Chinaman, or any other. At the same time I say that this nation, according to the propositions I have laid down, must decide as to which day shall be a day of rest. It is decided, as a matter of fact, in favor of the first day. Now, the Christian people have the right on that first day of the week to quiet; they have the right to meet in their places of worship with-out disturbance. It is a civil right. It is not a matter of ecclesiastical doctrine at all. It is their right as citizens of the United States. If there be anything which infringes on that right the Government should interpose. It is right it should do it. It has the au-thority to interpose where there is a violation of law. But here a man is brought into court, charged with working on the first day of the week, contrary to the laws of Pennsylvania. He says, "'I believe the sev-enth day of the week is the day on which the Lord intended us to rest." He has his right to observe it, but he must not publicly infringe on the rights of others. A MEMBERŠHas he a right to work? DR. MCALLISTERŠHe can work in his house, so it will not disturb others. MR. CROFFUTŠCan he plow corn? DR. McALLIsTREŠNot if it is to the disturbance of those who pass to church. Note that the " disturbance " of which Dr. McAllister speaks is not such properly so-called, but the mental annoyance due to intol-erance. It is the " disturbance " of bigotry in the bosom of him who is disturbed. Such " disturbance " is not due to noise or other conditions which might reasonably be held to interfere with the quiet of a day of rest, but to the unwillingness of a part of the people that the other part should enjoy equal rights with themselves. It is only a little over a century ago that Baptists were ar-rested and fined and imprisoned in Virginia for disturbing the peace by holding religious meetings and baptizing. The meetings were as quiet and orderly as those who were op-posed to them would permit, but those who held them were adjudged guilty of disturb-ance, simply because the fact that such meet-ings were held was a mental annoyance to the adherents of the established church. ARE THEY CONSISTENT? REV. JOHN WHITTAKER, pastor of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, Rochester, N. Y., is the author of a little book, published by the Young Lutheran Company, of Utica. It is entitled "Baptism," and of course de-fends sprinkling and the baptism of infants. On page 18 occurs the following:Š To this claim [that children should be baptized], Rev. Lloyd Jones, Unitarian, Chicago. the denomination known as Baptists directly oppose themselves. They say that there is no express com-mand in the word of God for infant baptism. They propose, at the outstart, to be very scriptural. " To the law and to the testimony," they say. Their de mand is, " Show us a positive command in the Bible to baptize infants and we will yield at once. And then they pause for a reply. We shall endeavor, in our humble way, to give them one. But in so doing, we may be pardoned if we imitate the example of our blessed MasterŠanswer one ques-tion by asking another. We challenge any and all who demand direct scriptural authority for infant baptism to show us in the word of God a positive command to observe the first day of the week as a day of rest, in the place of the seventh I " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." Where is the express command to set aside this day and keep the one which the Christian Church so universally observe? There is none. Now, if Baptists wish to be consistent, they must either allow us to infer that infant baptism is an implied teaching of the New Testament, or they must unite with the Seventh-day Baptists, in keeping the Jewish Sabbath. Until they hold " to the law and to the testimony," they must not try to force others to do so. This is a weak point with Baptists, and some of them candidly confess it. BAPTIST MISSIONARY PERSECUTED BY ROMANISTS IN CUBA. A DISPATCH from Havana, Cuba, under date of April 22, says: " The Rev. Alberto Diaz and his brother, Vincento, who were released by the authorities to-day, have been ordered to leave the island in six days. They un-doubtedly will do so. For several years the Rev. Mr. Diaz, a Cuban born, but a natural-ized citizen of the United States, has been a thorn in the side of the bishop of Havana. He has held Baptist meetings at such times and places as suited him, and has not taken the trouble to conform to the laws and regu-lations which are framed to favor the Roman Catholics and to fence out interlopers. When the bishop wrote a letter of remonstrance to the preacher, Mr. Diaz replied that he would worship in his own fashion. " Diaz has been arrested several times for holding meetings without first obtaining a permit from the authorities. He has been charged repeatedly with disturbing the public _peace, but he has continued his work undis-mayed. " When Diaz first went to the island the members of his congregation were refused burial in the consecrated cemeteries, then the only burial grounds in Cuba. Diaz overcame this by starting rival cemeteries. The three cemeteries of the Baptists in Cuba now con-tain over 7,000 bodies. " On one occasion he and two of his assist-ants, Godinez and Herrera, went to Guanaba-coa to hold an open-air meeting, when the three were arrested and taken before the mayor, on the charge that they had not given a notice of the meeting. They were followed by a throng of sympathizers. Infuriated and ready to mob the officers in charge, the crowd surrounded the prison, and Diaz was obliged to appear on the jail balcony and deliver an address dissuading his adherents from an at-tempt at rescue. A day after the required notice of the meeting was found in the mayor's office, where it had been mislaid. " One day while Diaz was preaching, so he states, a shot from behind and above was fired. The ball, passing close to the intended victim, struck a boy in front of him. The screams of the wounded boy aroused cries of " Kill the Protestants!" " Shoot the here-tic!" Diaz and his brother were mobbed, their clothing was torn off, and, bruised and bleeding, they were carried before the mayor. He ordered his police to see them safely on the cars for Havana. Later a priest was con- 