SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTIST COLLEGE, COLLEGE VIEW, NEB. submit the following facts and considera-tions :Š The American principle of government does not recognize in the majority any authority over the minority except in matters regard-ing the conduct of man to his,fellow-man. Hence, Section 3 of the Declaration of Rights of the State of Tennessee, regards the con-science of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more authority to adopt a measure affecting the conscience of a solitary individual than that of a whole com-munity. But Section 2289 of the Code of this State requires all men, whether Jews, Christians, or agnostics, to observe the first day of the week by abstaining on that day from all secu-lar employments; and thus interferes with the conscience of every man: for it leaves no man free to change his opinion and practice in this regard. This is especially patent in the case of the Jew and seventh-day Chris-tian, who, after having kept the seventh day according to the fourth commandment of the Decalogue, are required by said Section 2289 to observe Sunday also. The law, moreover, works a special hardship upon your petitioners, who are Seventh-day Adventists, because we believe that the fourth the world, and here are educated nurses who receive a thorough training and preparation iforAdtive work. Those desiring to take a medMai course are encouraged to go to Ann 'Arhor7and enter the regtilar course there; and many of them.snbsequently take Ła. post-grad-uate —Course 'AŁ4 TelleVne,. New York.. A Iffinl-her,Of ;these have already gone to foreign fields and ophers are preparing to go ere long. Ł 'Tentiessee and other States may persecute this people,' and attempt to drive them from their borders, but they cannot Stay the onflowing tide of their work. They are not fanatical, but they are enthusiastic, and have the courage of . their convic-tions. They are willing to suffer reproach, losS of property, loss of liberty, or even loSs Of life; for the:  sake of :the truth which they profess. No people make their religion a part of their daily lives more than do the ŁAdventists, and prison bars have no terrors for them when they have the conscious-ness that they are doing God's service. As related in these columns four weeks ago the academy at Graysville is closed, owing to persecution; but it will not be permitted to remain so. It is the purpose of the denomi-nation to re-open it at the usual time for the beginning of the fall term. APRIL 18, 1895. A.I0M CAN It<711 T 123 commandment requires not only the observ-ance of the seventh day, but that it forbids us to show a like regard for another day. The divine law of the Sabbath separates the seventh day from the other days of the week, and requires all men to respect that distinc-tion. To treat two days alike by refraining from labor and business upon them, is to de-stroy that distinction which the fourth com-mandment makes between " the Sabbath of the Lord" (Ex. 20: 10) and the " six work-ing days" (Em. 46:1); and is, therefore, to defeat the object of the divine law. For this, and analogous reasons, your petitioners cannot conscientiously refrain from secular employ-ments, habitually, upon the first day of the week. But notwithstanding the fact that this is a matter directly affecting the conscience, and that Section 3 of the Declaration of Rights contains a seemingly ample guarantee of free-dom of conscience, Seventh-day Adventists have been repeatedly prosecuted in the courts of this State, under the said Section 2289 of the Code, have been mulcted in fines and costs, have been imprisoned in county jails and workhouses, and have even been set to work upon the streets with the chain-gang. At the March term of the Circuit Court in this county, nine of your petitioners were convicted on seventeen indictments under the said law, and in default of payment of costs, were committed to jail for terms of from nine-teen to seventy-six days; and to-day Eld. 0. W. Colcord (a minister of the gospel), E. S. Abbott, M. C. Sturdevant, William Burehard, and Dwight Plumb, are still in prison for no other offense than exercising the common vo-cations of life upon the first day of the week, in a civil and orderly manner. And not only are the individuals named suffering imprisonment at the present moment under the operation of an unjust law, but our academy at Graysville, Rhea County, has been closed by the imprisonment of the principal and his first assistant; the school has been broken up, and the students, to the number of nearly one hundred, have been subjected to serious loss and disappointment. We have repeatedly plead our rights of con-science in this matter, but our plea has not been regarded by the courts, and we have been told that our remedy is not in the courts, but in the legislature. That this is a matter of conscience, was thus admitted by his honor, Judge James G. Parks, at the recent term of the Circuit Court in this county. In pronouncing judgment against the nine defendants already mentioned, his honor said . The Supreme Court of this State, whose decisions must be taken as final by the lower courts, has passed upon this decision, and we cannot rightfully reverse its decisions. If I were to express my private feelings, however, A MEMORIAL. To the Honorable, the Senate and House of Representatives of the State of Tennes-see:Š We, the undersigned residents of Rhea County, Tenn., respectfully petition your hon-orable body to repeal Section 2289 of the Code of said State, prohibiting secular employment on Sunday, for the reason that said Section is in contravention of Section 3 of the Declara-tion of Rights which declares " That no hu-man authority can, in any case whatever, con-trol or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship.' In support of this, our petition, we beg to MEDICAL AND SURGICAL SANITARIUM, BATTLE CREEK, MICH. 