196 AM El 11,I C  'I' IN TLA. VoL. 8, No. 25. stitutional power. A portion of the opin-ion of Judge Grosscup is as follows :Š It is in the nature of American thought and pur-poses that a commemorative national enterprise should be undertaken and carried on directly by the people with the aid and sanction of the govern-ment, but not as a governmental work. Such was the exhibition at Philadelphia, as viewed by the Supreme Court, an exhibition commemorative of the beginning of national history, and therefore a peculiarly national enterprise. The Act of Con- gress of April 25, 1890, adopted the Illinois corpo-ration as an embodiment of the popular movement, and in connection therewith made provision on the part of the government for the holding of the Exposition. In that act the respective parts of the government and the Illinois corporation, in the creation and the control of the exhibition, were plainly marked. The government, through its commission, was to determine the plan and scope of the Exposition; allot space for, and classify the exhibits, appoint judges, award premiums, and generally have charge of all intercourse with ex-hibitors and the representatives of foreign nations. To the Illinois corporation was left the duty of pro-curing and preparing a site and the erection of such buildings as were necessary to suitably house the exhibits. Did Congress thereby intend to in-clude the Illinois corporation as one of its own agencies, and thus create and control the exhibi-tion as a governmental work under exclusive gov. ernmental dominion? Plainly not. There is no express term or reasonable implication to that effect. A national commission is created with prescribed powers and duties and put under a mandate to report from time to time to the Gov-ernment of the United States. If the corporation created by Illinois were a like agency why should not like provisions extend to it? Why should there be no requirement for periodical or final reports? Why should there be no supervision over its agents or finances? Why should there be an express dis-claimer of any liability for its debts or doings? Could any other principal repudiate, in advance, the doings and liabilities of an agent within the express scope of his powers? Could the govern.-ment dos° and yet remain honorable and just? The proposition contended for involves the assumption of a relation between the government and the cor-poration, no element of which is found in the lan-guage of the statute, and every element of which is contrary to the principles and safeguards of the law commonly controlling such relations. If this corporation is an agent, it is the first known in-stance in which an agent is bound to pay all the debts of his principal; the first instance in which the principal assumes all the moral responsibility and repudiates all financial responsibility. In my opinion the Illinois corporation and the govern-ment entered upon the work of this Exposition, not as principal and agent, but as co-workers, each independent of the other, within the scope of the part respectively undertaken by each, except as the defendant corporation was expressly made subject to the right of control or modification of the government. Within the scope of these re-spective powers and duties each had dominion, and the dominion of neither was as agent for the other. It therefore follows that the government had no right, derived from dominion or possession, to con-trol the closing of the gates. Judge Grosscup then recites the terms of the souvenir coin act and the failure of Congress to deliver the full amount of the souvenir half dollars in time to enable the corporation to profit by their use or sale for the completion of the buildings before the opening of the Exposition; and says as to the appropriation and proviso:Š The corporation accepted the proposal; it issued and sold its bonds on the pledge of the gate receipts and passed a rule opening the gates only on six days of the week. I cannot bring my mind to see that the mere acceptance of this proposal released the government from its obligation to completely fulfill its terms. Certainly no such law or logic would be applied to the contract or donation of an individual. The formal act of acceptance may have had the effect of preventing the corporation from rightfully retiring from the arrangement as 1 )ng as the government was engaged in fulfilling its promise; but what court was ever told, Until this case was argued, that an acceptance by a donee, not of the actual funds of the donation, but only the promise of the donor, foreclosed an in-quiry as to whether those promises were redeemed. The acceptance of the condition of a contract or gift implies that the terms of the contract or gift will be fully performed, and is, therefore, not beyond recall on equitable terms, when it is found that the contract or donation will not be fully per-formed by the party who is charged with its per-formance. Judge Grosscup held therefore that, as there had been a breach of contract on the part of the Government by withholding a portion of its appropriation, the corpora-tion was thereby relieved from all legal or equitable compulsion as to the carrying out of the condition imposed. To hold otherwise would be to " sacrifice the sub-stance of justice to the mere shadow of form." Immediately upon the rendering of the decision of the court, Attorney Edwin Walker, for the Columbian Exposition, took an appeal and asked that the appeal should have the effect of a supersedoas and the gates be thus permitted to remain open until the final decision of the matter upon appeal. -This request was denied and the injunction was ordered to issue. Mr. Walker then immediately applied to Chief Justice Fuller, of the United States Supreme Court, who is in the city, and obtained a restraining order, permitting the Fair to remain open Sunday, June 11, and secured also a hearing of the question before the Appellate Court on Thursday, June 1.5. Chief Justice Fuller will sit on the bench with Judges Allen of Illinois, and Bunn of Wisconsin. The final out-come, as far as Sunday opening or closing of the Fair is concerned, is just as indefinite as at any previous time, but whichever it may be, the matter of real moment, the agitation of the question of constitutional and inherent rights, both civil and reli-gious, is likely to be equally subserved. W. H. M. Chicago, June .11, '93. Opposed to the Boycott. THE Christian Union has this to say abet-It Sunday and the Columbian Exposi-tion : Š There is a wide and honest difference of opinion in this country respecting the legitimate uses of Sunday. A Catholic and Christian spirit would have endeavored, in arranging a World's Fair, to have secured such a settlement of the Sunday question as would recognize that difference and re-spect all honest and honorable opinions. Some at-tempt of this kind was,  made, such as the notable contribution by Bishop Potter in the Forum. But neither side made much response to this attempt at mediation. The Sunday openers and the Sun-day closers arrayed themselves in line for battle, which grew more bitter as it progressed. In our judgment, in this conflict the Sabbatarians made a serious mistake. We said so at the time; and events have confirmed the opinion then expressed. If they had united their forces to secure no running of Sunday excursion trains ; to compel the closing of liquor saloons and variety shows in Chicago, and to provide religious services in the park; and had consented to an afternoon and evening opening of the educational aspects of the Fair and the closing of all else, they might not have succeeded, but they certainly would not, as now, have aroused in the foreign portion of the population the hostility to Sunday which has been aroused, and which a quarter of a century will hardly suffice to over-come. They preferred to pursue other methods. They appealed to Congress, and Congress made its appropriation conditional on Sunday closing. When that appropriation was made on that condi-tion, it was the plain duty of the directors to de-termine whether they would accept the money on that condition, Having accepted the money, the transaction was closed; the mere attempt to reopen it, except by mutual consent, was a dishonest at-tempt. It is not made less dishonest by a promise to return .the money, if there is any money left after all other debts are paid. The directors,.should have said, officially and emphatically, the honor of the Fair is at stake; our word has been given and it cannot be broken. Men who do not believe , in keeping Sunday believe in keeping faith, and they would have responded with acquiescence to such an appeal, or raised the money to release the directors from the bond. Instead, the directors closed the gates, and at the same time allowed the public to understand that they were trying to find a way to open them. The Sabbatarians have been angered by the proposal to,  open; the anti-Sabba- tarians have been angered by the attempt to close; and all men of honor, whatever their Sunday views, if they have given the matter close atten-tion, have been made indignant by seeing their Nation's Fair stained by an act of national dis-honor. From Mount Desert to the mouth of the Mississippi, and from Sandy Hook to the Golden Gate, the popular enthusiasm for the Fair has been checked and chilled, and the energies which should have been united in an endeavor to make the Fair a success have been expended in angry battles over the question whether it should be opened or closed on Sunday. It is not our place to enter into any de- fense of the managers of the Fair. But one feature of the question seems to have been very generally lost sight of, namely, the fact that the money appropriated did not belong to Congress but to the people; and that while it is safe to say that the people were willing that it should be given in aid of the Fair, it is just as certain that they were not willing that it should be used to bribe the managers of the Fair to observe a religious institution. Even if Sunday were all that is claimed for it, instead of being itself a fraud, so far as its sacred character is concerned, Congress would have no right to use public funds to purchase its observance any more than it would have to bribe other churches to use the prayer book of the Church of England, or to baptize entirely by immer-sion. It is scarcely reasonable to expect good faith between tie briber and the bribed. The Union of Church and State in Europe. IF we turn our attention to the histor-ical course of the Christian peoples on th e continent of Europe, and more especially those in German-speaking regions, we notice that, in regard to their exteT2ior re-ligious forms and fellowship, at least, there have come up changes and innova-tions among them which have resulted in the establishment of various free churches, in the very midst of the territories of the State churches. These free churches de-rive neither their creed, nor forms of worship, nor their support, frnm the latter as little as from the State itself; for they are in these respects wholly independent of either. That this order of things is of the greatest significance, no one will dis-pute for a moment, who is at all convers-ant with the situation of things in the countries in question. These free sec-tarian churches, looming up as they do, alongside of the State churches, are in-deed one of the most important phenom-ena of the times. In order to appreciate why this is, we Ł need only to look at the history and the condition of the so-called Christian State churches, to become at once satisfied, that they and their gospel missionary labor, independent of all State organizations or support, are of most urgent necessity, if life and vitality is not utterly to die out among the millions of the various peoples in professedly Chris-tian Europe. The most fatal characteristic of any and all State churches, is that their origin is not, and from the very nature of things cannot be, based on any command or in-stitution of Christ or his apostlesŠbut that is the only genuine foundation on which a church can stand, and '3 rosper. So-called Christian State churches are solely the outcome of the self-appointed decretals of a worldly rulerŠa Roman emperor. The religious systems of paganism had proved themselves in time more and more 