516 AMERICAN SENTINEL. winter. In truth it begins with the awakening bt.Spria& He believes that Jesus Christ was born as the babe of Bethlehem on December 25. In truth no person knows, the day of Christ's birth, but all evidence is against De-cember 25 as the date. He reckons the day of Christ's resurrection as falling always on the first day of the week; -which; is as obvi-ously false as to suppose that =the day of.christ's birth would always remain the same day of the week. Calendar error, indeed, is. a "strong point" in the papal church. These errors have a purpose to serve; and it may be there is a purpose to be served in making 1900 the first year of the new century. A Quiet Revulution is in Progress. ADDRESSING the readers of The Defender, a New Eng-land journal for-promoting Sunday enforcement, Mr. John F. Cowan, associate editor of the Christian En-deavor World, tells what the Endeavor forces are doing to "conserve the Sabbath." "I might tell you," he says, "of the systematic, persistent work being done by some of the State and city unions for the Sabbath. Take one exampleŠCaliforniaŠand multiply that in your minds by one hundred. Through the indefatigable labors of the superintendent of that department of work, scores of special Sabbath observance meetings were held, thou-sands of pieces of literature distributed, and hundreds of consciences touched." "One of those quiet revolutions that beats no drum is going on." Do you realize, reader, that a revolution is quietly going on, which when it is finished will give the support of public sentiment to the laws for Sunday enforcement? There is a great surprise in store for some people who, carelessly thinking that religious liberty is too secure in this land and age to be overthrown, are indifferent to the political and religious movements going on around them. 1 •  Ł -4-4 How to "Get Even" With the Beef Trust. THE beef trust has sharply advanced the price of meat, and a meat packer who is in a position to know the inside facts about the beef trust and its methods, has told the reason why the advance was made. In stating it we quote from a daily of this city:Š "There is no scarcity of cattle, he says, and hogs are selling at the Chicago stock-yards at lower prices than they brought a year ago. But the American Meat Trust desires 'to control the British market and drive out Australian competition. To that end it is selling:: enor-mous quantities of meat in England at a loss, and it has decided to make the American people pay the loss. By shipping large quantities of meat to England it creates an appearance of scarcity here, and with that for excuse  it has raised prices_ here from twenty to fifty per cent., so that its dividends may not be impaired by its losses abroad. "As for the retailers,, this packera' representative coolly"says; they must prcitect themselves by advancing retail pricea:: As for the hungry people, the trust is not concerned about- them." We advise the "hungry people" to let the Anierican Meat Trust keep its, meat in its own hands. They will not suffer in the leak' if they do so, for there are' other things than beef and hog to satisfy hunger.' With the possible exception-of some feW inValids, nobody is de-pendent upOn meat for bodily health and strength;.. while there is no doubt whatever that an individual runs far less risk of sickness by keeping out of his system the poisons that are generated in all animal bodies, to say nothing of such special diseases as tuberculosis, trichino-sis, tape worm, etc. Ł 44 The Military Menace. New York " World." WHEN Labori was shot by an assassin in ambush a French army officer exclaimed: "France would be hap-pier if a few more like him should be executed!" There spoke the military spirit. It stands always and everywhere for brute force, for arbitrary rule, for all the infamies of despotism. It is the enemy of liberty, the willing instrument of oppression, the implacable foe of free government. In France it has wrought a persecution without a parallel in modern history. To that end it has resorted to forgery, perjury, and the prostitution of the courts of justice themselves. Now that the righteous wrath of the French people insists upon undoing this stupendous wrong, the military spirit smiles even upon assassina-tion as a means of defeating justice in the interest of the shoulder-strapped caste. Worse still, it threatens the integrity of the Republic. France is to-day fighting for the existence of her free in-stitutions, menaced as they are by the army she main-tains to defend them. The situation is entirely logical. A great standing army, officered by professional soldiers, is instinctively hostile to liberty, jealous of the civil power, antagonistic to everything that tends to restrain brute force or to curb the arbitrary will of commanders. It has been the happiness of the American people that they have hitherto resolutely resisted the military spirit and -refused to permit the maintenance of any-thing more than a skeleton army in times of peace. They have escaped the dominance of the "man on horse-back" by denying him his mount. And yet in every time of need they have brought to bear quite all of mili-tary force that has been needed for the defense of the-Republic. 