AMERICAN SENTINEL. 439 but honest people, who are ready to listen to the gospel story when told in the spirit of love, would be a splendid achievement for the opening years of the twentieth cen-tury." Equality in Public Schools. N. Y. "Christian Advocate." LEOPOLD COHN, a Christian missionary to the Jews, writes to Superintendent Maxwell, protesting against the use of Walter Scott's "Ivanhoe" as supplementary reading in the Brooklyn schools. In it he acknowledg• s the representative literary position of the work, but af-firms that it contains "certain characters which are most misleading caricatures of the truth; such, and outrageously such, is the presentment of Isaac the Jew and his several compatriots." . . . He informs Mr. Maxwell that the letter is not the expression of a per-sonal pique, but is drawn from his heart "at the sight of the sorrow shadowed faces of many Jewish scholars be-cause of the jeering quotations of their schoolmates' learning at school. 'God of Abraham help me,' an ex-pression never heard from the lips of a Jew; and the expressions: '0 holy Jacob' and 'By our Holy Sabbath,' he says every conscientious Jew would esteem as low profanity, not to say sacrilege." We incline to sympathize with this protest. Public schools supported by the State should not require works (nor allow their introduction) which disparage any race largely [or at all] represented in our conglomerate pop-ulation, nor hold up to ridicule the religious phraseology or customs of the people whose children must attend the schools. . . . The Superintendent of Education is represented in the interview as saying he has nothing to do with the selection of books, that one of the most ad-mirable characters in literature is the Rebecca of "Ivan-hoe;" and adds that when he was a principal, a member of the school board objected to the introduction of Longfellow's "Building of the Ship" on the ground that it was immoral. He is represented as closing the inter-view with the statement that "such objections are ridic-ulous." Probably the interview does him injustice; if not, he fails to make a just distinction. How quickly politi-cians would rage if the supplementary reading held the Irish people up to ridicule, or caricatured their national pugnacity! The ridicule of the grasping disposition of the Jew is practically an attack upon Christian history; for with all Christian nations prejudicing the Jew in every possible way, how could it be otherwise than that he should have become grasping? Mr. Cohn makes a powerful historical point when he exclaims: "Shall we foster in the children this anti-Jewish sentiment, which has never failed to work evil upon the oppressor of the Jew, from the death of the firstborn in Egypt to the disgrace of the general staff in  France?" We know nothing about Mr. Cohn or his mis-sion, but a man who can make a sentence like this is not to be lightly esteemed. Under the Constitution of the United States, and of the State of New York, there is neither bond nor free, Jew nor Gentile, male nor female Šexcept that men voluntarily exempt women from the labors of political life, eligibility to draft in time of war, and similar burdens. >0 - Waiting for a Leader (?) A RESIDENT of Pennsylvania writes the following to the Christian Advocate, of this city, in the interests of the suppression of "Sabbath desecration":Š "Editor Christian Advocate: It seems as though the hearts of many Christian people just now are turned to-ward the question of Sabbath desecration, with the hope of finding a remedy for this growing evil. I would like to make a suggestion through the columns of your val-ued paper: There are many signs that the workers of this country are rising against the wholesale invasion of their day of rest. Cannot the Christian Church heartily come to terms with the working people of our land for a common campaign for the preservation of the Sabbath? Our greatest foe in this, as in so many other respects, is not the common people, but that insane greed for wealth which exalts itself above everything, even above God. 0 that the Lord would send us a man not afraid of plain words, who would no longer humbly apologize for the existence of God's commandments, but who would boldly lead us forward to attack! For such a leader the thou-sands of our Israel are waiting." The Lord has sent a man of plain words to "Israel," and more than one; but the trouble is the thousands of Israel would not hear them. The messengers said, "The seventh day is the Sabbath," not Sunday: and just as soon as this plain message is received, the problem of suppressing "Sabbath desecration" will pre-sent a new aspect altogether. The Good White Man and the Bad Indian. BY Government order a strict prohibition is put upon all liquor selling to the Indians on the,reservation at Leech Lake, Minn., and all white men who violate this order are to be expe;led from the district. The order is issued on the assumption that it was whiskey that caused the Indians at that place to attack the whites last fall, and that the whiskey that caused the trouble was in the Indians. How would it do to pro-hibit the selling of whiskey to white men in the same locality? If drunken Indians are not to be allowed among the whites, let not drunken whites be allowed among the Indians. History shows that the whites have been more often than otherwise at the bottom of the troubles they have had with the red man. 