AMERICAN SENTINEL. 139 Studies in French History. ŠXI. "OF whom were we speaking at the close of our last study," began Professor Carman. "Philip the Second," answered a chorui of voices. "When did he liveŠin what century?" "In the last part of the twelfth and the first of the thirteenth," answered Joe Palmeter. "Right; Philip was a very ambitious man, and was anxious to raise his country to as great a degree of pros-perity and splendor as it attained under the great Charle-magne. This it was quite impossible to do. But he did succeed in cementing his kingdom so firmly together that it did not fall in pieces when he died. "When he had been king seven years, all Europe was again agitated by a proposition to start out upon an-other crusadeŠthe third. Of course, Philip's ambition led him to become the first in the movement; so as he just then happened to be friendly with the king of Eng-land, they started out for Palestine together. But after they had been there a while, they became disgusted with one another, though they did not exactly put their feel-ings into words. So Philip left Richard to fight it out alone, while he returned home." "I wonder that Richard was not afraid of treachery," said Will Barnaby, who was getting to be wonderfully interested. "He trusted in the oath which Philip took, to do him no harm while he was gone. But Philip went directly to the pope, and asked to be released, or absolved, from his solemn vow." "I think this was about the same as granting Philip an indulgence," said Will Barnaby. "I should say so !" indignantly exclaimed Joe Pal-meter. "The idea of any one setting himself up so much higher than the Almighty, as to pretend to forgive sins before they are committed!" "It is dreadful, indeed," assented the professor. "Then Philip began courting the close friendship of Prince John, Richard's brother, and John and Philip began to plot against Richard, and they succeeded in making him very much trouble. Finally Richard died, and the fickle Philip deserted John, who was then king of England, and the remainder of John's reign was a miserable struggle with the powerful king of France." "Which king was victor at last ?" asked Charlie White. "Philip was victorious at the battle of Bouvines,Šhe  won a complete victory,Šafter which he did no more fighting." "I wonder if he did anything to better the condition of his country," said Joe Palmeter. "0 yes, he did very much; he enlarged and beautified the city of Paris. The streets were narrow and filthy, and he changed all this." "Well, I don't care what good he did, he was a mean fellow,Ša false friend, and a deceitful man,"Šsaid Julia March, indignantly. "You judge him by the way in which he treated those whom he pretended to regard as friends, I presume," an-swered Professor Carman, "but we must not overlook the good he did." "Nor the times in which he lived," chimed in tender-hearted Milly Brown. "We were talking about Philip IL this morning at the breakfast table," said Harry Ray, "and grandma said that she once read that the uncle of Philip was killed by a fall from his horse, caused by his stumbling over a pig which was roaming, with others of its kind, over the streets of Paris. She said this was the reason why he de-termined to put things in better order." "Well done, Harry. I see you are making our studies in history a part of your conversation, and that is right." "Mother asks me to repeat all I have learned as soon as I get home every Wednesday afternoon," said Edna Phillips, "and I find it a great help to my memory." "So it will be. Well, during the reign of Philip, the poor Jews were again the victims of another cruel perse-cution in the name of religion; but not alone were they the victims of intolerance and hatred from the church; the kindly and simple-hearted Albigenses, from the south of France, endured a fearful persecution. They reproved the monks for their evil lives, and of course this could not be tolerated; so they were treated like the infidels and per-secuted to the death." "Why, I wonder if infidels have not as good a right to expect fair treatment from their neighbors as any other class of people," exclaimed Joe Palmeter, indig-nantly. "Certainly, Joseph, and it is the duty of Christians to treat them as kindly as they would those who believe as' they do. But a cruel man, named Simon de Montfort, was just the kind of man to carry out the wishes of Pope Innocent III., who believed that a heretic had no earthly right to live. De Montfort, backed by papal authority, raised a large body of troops, and rushed among the poor Albigenses, with the same dreadful zeal with which, once before, he had marched against the Turks. Once they destroyed a town in which it was hard to discrimi-nate between the Catholics and the heretics. So one of the priests, a companion of De Montfort, was asked how they were to manage the difficulty. Just imagine, if you Ł can, the unreasoning, blind cruelty and bigoty which could prompt the reply given: 'Kill them all; the Lord will know his own !'" 