80 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 2, 1899. To EXPAND in less than one year clear across the Pacific Ocean, is not healthy national growth, but the worst kind of inflation. IF there are any interests to be served by the annexation of the Phil-ippine Islands, other than those of the Roman Catholic Church, we have yet to see a clear statement of what they are. READ what we quote in this issue from that eminent political seer, Carl Schurz, on the subject of the bearing of an Anglo-Saxon alliance upon this country's prospects for peace. See page 68. IN Tennessee they now propose to put women in jail for the "crime" of "violating the Sabbath," in having kept the seventh day of the week in-stead of the first day! See page 64. Reader, does this suggest to you anything worthy of serious thought? GOD has the power to compel all people to observe-  the Sabbath, yet he compels none. But in the face of this, frail, erring mortals are not abashed to try to force those equal with themselves, to the observance of Sunday! Truly do "fools rush in where angels fear to tread." THIS is what that well-known Lon-don journal, the Saturday Review, says of the meaning of American im-perialism, as exemplified in the an-nexation of the Philippine Islands:Š "The American commissioners in Paris are making their bargainŠwhether they realize it or notŠunder the protecting naval strength of England. And we shall expect, to be quite frank, a material quid pro quo for this assistance. We shall expect the States to deal generously with Canada in the matter of tariffs; we shall expect to be remembered when she comes into her kingdom in the Philippines; above all, we shall ex-pect her assistance on the day, quickly approaching, when the fu-ture of China shall come up for set-tlement. For the young imperialist has entered upon a path where she will require a stout friend, and last-ing friendship between nations is to be secured, not by the frothy senti-mentality of public platforms, but by reciprocal advantages in their solid material interests." It is one thing to shout "Hurrah'  for American expansion!" and quite another thing to sit soberly down and count the cost. Few Americans seem now to be doing the latter. HAVE you noticed how new defini-tions are being given to "patriot-ism," "treason," and such terms, and new meanings found for the Dec-laration of Independence and the Constitution, all within the space of a few months? Things are moving rapidly these days. Are you mov-ing? or are you standing wall? EVER and anon we get a criticism from some good friend whose zeal is just a little in advance of his knowl-edge, to the effect that the SENTINEL is doing itself just what it preaches that Christian people should not do. For example, a critic writes: "On the first page of to-day's paper you de-clare, 'Jesus Christ never attempted to dictate to Caesar,' etc. Now this paper is almost full of anti-expan-sion, or in other words, dictation to Caesar." We are sorry there are any readers of the SENTINEL who do not see that libertyŠthe liberty of inalienable hu-man rightsŠis as the SENTINEL as-serts, both Christian and Constitu-tional. We think they will see this if they will investigate the subject a little further. It is not true that the SENTINEL has ever attempted to "dictate to Caesar." If those in this country who want to reform the public morals by civil law will never try to dictate to Casar, save in 'the way the SEN-TINEL has done, we shall have no  fears of an lmerican union of church and state. The SENTINEL contends for Ameri-can principles of government because they are Christian as well as Consti-tutional. It therefore opposes "ex-pansion" and imperialism; because the principles of these are opposed to the principles of human freedom and those unalienable rights which are the gift of the Creator. It is an eter-nal principle of God that all menŠthe Filipinos and all othersŠare by divine right free men; and when civil government denies the rights of any man, the act has a religious as well as a political significance. That the American Government should now deny the'se sacred rights and before all the world reject the divine principle of government by the consent of the governed, is an act of the utmost significance, and one which this paper cannot fail to chal-lenge, if it would be an AMERICAN SENTINEL in truth. SOME imperialists in this country are so fatuous as to think this na-tion can carry out an imperial policy with an army of less than 100,000 men; and they are as loud in decry-ing the proposition for such an in-crease in the army, as they are in demanding that the nation retain the "spoils" of war. But General Brooke calls for 50,000 men in Cuba, and 30,000 are called for in the Phil-ippines, with Porto Rico and Hawaii yet to be heard from, to say nothing of the men that will be needed in arms at home. Evidently, it would be a great blessing to the people of this country just now, if they could be given a good object lesson that would impress upon. them some idea of what imperialism will cost. WE are all out of No. 2, January 12, but have a few of Nos. 1, 3, and 4 still on hand. Our friends have responded nobly. Let the good work go on. Will send above papers in bulk at one cent per copy, and ad-dress wrappers and mail to individ-uals at the rate of one and a quarter cents per copy. Send along your orders. 