THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 19 "GOD is a Spirit ; and they that worship him must worship him in spirit, and in truth." Church and State. THE fifth resolution of the Cleveland Na-tional Reform Convention reads: "Resolved, That we re-affirm that this religious amend-ment, instead of infringing on any individual's right of conscience, or tending in the least de- gree to a union of church and State, will afford the fullest security against a corrupting church establishment, and form the strongest safeguard of both the civil and religious liberties of all citizens." It is apparently necessary fbr that party to constantly "re-affirm"that this movement does not tend to a union of church and State; for as their actions and writings all betray that very tendency, a blind must be kept up by each convention re-affirming that it does not so tend. That such is its direct tendency we propose to prove. Mr. W. J. Coleman, one of the chief speakers in the movement, in explaining to " Truth Seeker " the change that will have to be made in the existing Constitution when the proposed amendment shall have been adopted, says:Š "The first sentence of Article I. of Amend-ments reads, ' Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof' This would be made consistent with the proposed amend-ment by substituting the words a church' for 'religion,' making it read, Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of a church.' This is what the Reform Association believes should be the rule in a rightly consti-tuted State. There should be religion, but no church." "There should be religion, but no church." What religion should there be? the Christian religion, to be sure. No idea of any other is for a moment entertained by the National Re-form party. But the Christian religion is em-bodied in the Christian church. Apart from the Christian church there is no Christian re- ligion in this world. Christ did not say, On this rock will I build my religion; but he did say, " On this rock will I build my church," and in that church is his religion. The church is the "body of Christ" (Col. 1 : 18); the mem-bers of the church are members of Christ (1 Cor. 6 : 15); members of his bodyŠthe church (Eph.,5 : 29, 30). Out of Christ no man can live a Christianly religious life; for he himself said, " Without me ye can do nothing." But to be in Christ is to be in his church, for we have proved that the church is his body in this world. We repeat therefore that apart from the Chris-tian ohurch there is no Christian religion. This is exactly what the National Reform party believes; and it is the Christian religion as embodied in what they call the Christian church that the party wants this Government to make the fundamental lawŁ  of the nation. And that will be church and State. For the nation to unite with the Christian religion as embodied in the Christian church is to form a union with the Christian church and is there-fore a union of church and State. If they deny our deduction from their prop- osition as quoted, and insist that they mean literally that there can be " religion [the Chris- tian religion], but no church," then it follows that they mean that the religion of Christ can be separated from the church of Christ. Then  there follows upon this the absurd conclusion that there can beŠa church of Christ with no religion, and a religion with no representatives l But if the religion of Christ have no represen-tatives in the world, then there is no religion of Christ in the world. If it be claimed that this is so as far as "our nation is at present con-cerned; and that now our nation must adopt this religion, and by constitutional amendment embody in the nation's fundamental law the doctrine of God and of Christ, and enforce its observance; that will be simply for the State to create for itself the Christian religion, and so will be nothing else but a union of church and State. It is plain, therefore, that by their own proposition, whatever they may claim under it, there is literally no escape from a union of church and State. If' this reasoning is, by, the National Reform party, considered unsound, if' the deduction which we make from their premise is not log-ical, then we verily wish that that party would show us where the line shall be drawn between the Christian religion and the Christian church. Will they show us where the line shall be drawn which will shut the Christian religion in the State, and shut the Christian church out? They will never show it. They know just as well as we do, and we just as well as they, that practically they never intend to make any such distinction. And their claim of such distinction is nothing but a piece of Jesuitical casuistry by which they would hide their real intention. Further, it is a fact that what used to be the Presbyterian Church is now only the Presbyte-rian branch of the Christian church. That which once was the Methodist or Baptist Church is now merely the Methodist or the Bap-tist branch of the church of Christ, or the one true church. And it is a subject of constant rejoicing to them that all the differences that once made them antagonists, are being accom-modated, and that the one grand object of the " unity of the church " and its work, is about to be realized. And even the Catholic Church is not excluded, but is recognized by some of the leading religious papers of our land as a part of the true church, and is recognized by the Reform Association in its work (not in its theory) as an efficient helper. That this is the position of the National Reform party the fol-lowing is proof:Š "But these divisions are a fact, and they have been overruled so that they are not inconsist-ent with the unity of the church. All upon whom the name of Christ is named have their calling. The Methodists have their vocation in the history of the church to arouse Chris-tian life; the Presbyterians their vocation to conserve Calvinistic principles ; and the Re-formed Presbyterians their vocation to keep unfurled the blue banner 'for Christ's crown and covenant.' We are different divisions of Immanuel's Ł army. The Methodists are the charging cavalry, the Presbyterians the fight-ing infantry, the Covenanters the batteries upon the heights. We have one Commander-in-chief; and under him we go forward, one united phalanx against the common enemy. And when the victory is gained, the army will be one as the Leader is one."ŠChristian States-man, Feb. 7, 1884, page 6. So then, if, as they claim, all these are but branches of the one church, of course it requires all of them fo make up the church. And if it commandment, which is among the moral pre-cepts, because it relates to our duty to man, cannot be enforced at all by civil Government; of its violation man can take no cognizance. Human Governments are, in this respect, quite limited in their scope. Pure morality, has re- spect to intention as well as to action. in the eight of a moral governor, hatred is murder and lust is adultery; but in the sight of civil Governments these are no crimes until they take the form of actions, or open violations of the law. It is for this reason that covetousness cannot be prohibited by human Governments. As soon as it takes the form of action, it comes under the sixth commandment, which forbids stealing. Thus it will be seen that a civil Government which pretends to enforce the morality of the ten commandments will find itself hedged in by impossibilities; it is compelled to govern only on a civil basis; and if it attempts to go any further than this, it will usurp the prerog-atives of Him who alone knows the secrets of the heart. Now inasmuch as Christianity is secondary, or remedial, in its nature, and its laws and in-stitutions have no moral element, being purely religious, it is a matter of conviction, of the heart, and does not come at all within the scope of civil Government. Without convic-tion, without the heart's full and complete ac-quiescence, it is nothing. It is a matter solely between God and our own souls. Man has no right to restrain it, and it is impossible for him to enforce it. Any attempt on his part to do either is a presumptuous usurpation of the rights and prerogatives of the Creator. Look-ing carefully at these principles, and the facts and duties which grow out of them, we are led to admire the harmony of the First Amend-ment of the Constitution of the United States with them. We cannot imagine how the act-ual and necessary limitations under which hu-man Governments rest, can be better expressed than they aro in that Amendment: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." In no one part of that instrument is the wisdom of the founders of our Govern-ment shown more than in this First Amend-ment. And if we prove ourselves worthy of such an ancestry, we will preserve it just as they left it to us. Congress has no right to erect a false standard of religion, and it is im-possible for it to enforce a true one. Further thoughts on this subject must be re-served for the future. But we hope that no one will take such a superficial view of these relations as to infer that we believe that Chris-tianity may be divorced from morality. It is not moral itself, though it rests, upon and en-forces morality. The law is not made void by faith; but the law does not become remedial by faith. Pardon is distinct from the law, the transgression of which makes the pardon nec-essary. But pardon recognizes the validity of law; for pardon is a nullity without conviction of sin, and " sin is the transgression of the law." J. H. W. 