604 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Certainly no reasonable person will contend that this is the goal that we have been struggling forŠthat the inequalities that characterize our rich and poor repre-sent the ideas that the founders of this Republic saw when they wrote that "all men are created equal."ŠMayor Jones, of Toledo. The Labor Trust. New York "Sun." It is not surprising that the representatives of the labor unions were very shy of attacking trusts at the recent Chicago Conference, as reported thus by a corre-spondent of the Evening Post:Š "The organized labor people criticised the legisla-tion adopted in restraint of Trusts, which, they said, had been applied to labor organization by the courts. They claimed that there was a vital difference between a combination of labor and one of capital, in that the labor combination was inclusive and invited all men belonging to the craft to join it, whereas the capitalistic corporation was essentially a monopoly, excluding all except its members from its benefits." Actually the exclusion of "all except its members from its benefits" is the first principle of the labor union "trust" itself. Not only are they excluded from its benefits, but its whole power is extended positively to injure them. They are treated as "scabs" and the union uses every means within its power to prevent their obtaining employment. Members of the union refuse to work with them, resort to a strike if they are introduced into a business, and seek to ruin the business by deserting it at a critical moment and by introducing a boycott of it. The unions say practically to work-men: "Unless you join our trusts we will do everything possible to prevent your working at all and reduce you to starvation." They undertake to hound every work-man who is not in the union, to subject him to social ostracism, and to terrorize employers so that they shall not dare to employ such a workman. Of course the union "invites all men belonging to the craft to enter it," for it seeks to build up a labor monopoly, but the penalties for refusal to accept the invitation are the unrelenting hostility of the union. They do not respect the liberty of choice of a workman, but deny to him entirely the exercise of freedom by subjecting him to duress. "You are free to come into the union," they say, "but if you stay out you do so at your peril and at the peril of any one who employs you. not, this is your last chance. It closes this week. See page 607. Professor Laughlin on "Expansion." THE expansion policy is but another and immoral expression of the spoils system. It provides a district so far away, that as Secretary Gage said, in substance, of Alaska, it is too remote to be able to apply civil service rules there. It provides new positions for politi-cians and their retainers. So many more lieutenants, so many more commissions to dangle before the work-ers on the eve of another election. I object to expan-sion, because it appeals to the lowest motives of con-quest and commercial gain, as against our duty to lib-liberty and free government; I object to it because it assumes that our people have no principles as against the base gains of trade and office, and that Americans are really cruel, despotic, and indifferent to a race fight-ing for liberty. Some tell us that we can do what we please with the Philippines, because sovereignty over them belongs to us by treaty. So, also, when slavery was permitted to the United States by law, we were able to do what we pleased with the slaves we owned. Right and freedom are above all technical legal enactments, whether na-tional or international; in the progress of mankind laws must conform to right. We are told that the subjugation of the Filipinos differs in no whit from the reduction of the seceding States in the Civil War, whom we forced to accept a gov-ernment against their will. There is a great difference. Did the Filipinos ever, through their representatives in a constitutional convention, join in forming our Gov-ernment, which they afterward voted to accept, as did our States? Did the Filipinos ever create a part of a union by the voluntary consent of the governed, as did Georgia or Virginia? In plain English we are in the Philippines on the highwayman's plea that "might makes right." If it is wrong to subdue them with 30,000 men, it 'is quite as wrong to do it with 100,000 men. In 1854 the Ostend manifesto of our ministers (Buchanan, Mason, and Soule) in Europe advised that Cuba be bought; if the price was refused, then take it by force. Whereupon the Republican national platform in 1856 resolved that the highwayman's plea that "might makes right," embodied in the Ostend circular, was in every respect unworthy of American diplomacy, and would bring shame and dis-honor upon any government or people that gave it their sanction. If the war were stopped, because we are in error, would it affect the political prospects of certain persons? Let each one draw his own conclusions as to why the war is continued. If the policy in the Philippines is being settled largely by its influences on the political fortunes of any set of politicians, then they should have no mercy. If the war were stopped, would it in any way weaken the force of the great principles of Washington and Lin- 4. Have you taken advantage of our Special Offer? If 