298 THE .ANIERICA_N SENTINEL. a constant and active part as churches in every department of the State. Because when the State assumes jurisdiction of the! church schools to any, extent, it be-comes of paramount interest to that church to secure as much interest as pos-sible in the affairs of the State, so that the Church through the officers of the State may recover jurisdiction over her own schools and her own affairs. And to this action the Church is driven by the action of the State in first assuming juris-diction over the affairs of the Church. But in a government of the people just as soon as the Church, as such, becomes a part of the State as such, it remains only a question of time when the State in the proper sense of the word, will be gone, and all that is left of it will be but the tool of the Church in carrying forward her own schemes. The American principle of Government is the absolute and total separation be-tween the Church and the State. The Church neither dictating to the State in anything, nor yet the State dictating to the Church in anything, but each one occupying its own sphere, and exercising jurisdiction in its own affairs only. We know the cry that is made in defense of this movement to give the State jurisdiction of the church schools,Šthe cry of danger to the State, and that it is necessary for the general welfare that the State shall do so. But this cry in the first place is a fraud. There is not a particle of danger to the State in anything that is aimed at in these laws; but even if there were some real danger there, it would be nothing at all in comparison with the danger to the State that will come inevitably from the slight-est step taken by the State in assuming jurisdiction of church schools, or church affairs in any way whatever. Every man who believes in the separation of the Church and State, every man who be-lieves in the principles of the Declaration of Independence, must oppose always and everywhere, every move to have the State interfere in any way with the workings of the church, or private schools. Another phase of this question we will reserve for next week. A. T. J. Churchianity vs. Christianity. CHURCHIANITY may be defined as Chris-tianity formalized. It is like counterfeit coinŠcurrent but false. Defoe wrote Wherever God erects a house of prayer, The devil always builds a chapel there." Churchianity is this devil's chapel. When Christianity marries the State, the natural, the almost inevitable product of the unnatural mesalliance 'is Church-ianity. The Church is secularized. It is a department of the government. And, as every bargain presupposes a quid pro quo, in return for governmental alliance it makes itself a prop of the powers that be. Thus religion is transformed from a principle into an institution. What should be inward feeling and motive, runs, out-: ward and freezes into mere profession. Christianity is a business. The divine_  element evaporates. God is Deus ex machina. The ministry ceases to be, calling and becomes-.  a profession. Men are preferred to thiS and that sacred office. The clergy are in form, servants of Heaven, in fact, officials of the State. Handling money, controlling patronage, dealing in sacred things for secular purposes, Chris-tianity is hocus-pocused into Church-ianity. In this country we have no State Church. Nevertheless, Churchianity is a naturalized resident. Because Church-ianity is more than a system---Lit is a state of mind. Wherever form is put for sub-stance, whenever the medium is regarded as the essence, Christianity crystallizes into Churchianity. We have a religious establishment, but no longer religion. We look for Christ and findŠa church. We ask for bread and are givenŠa stone. Carlos Marlyn, D. D., in the Arena. The Bible Is Religious Only. THE Christian Union wants the Bible used in the public schools simply as his-tory and literature, just as Xenophon and Homer are used. It says :Š If our Catholic, Jewish, or Agnostic brethren object to opening schools with acts of worship, such acts of worship should, in our judgment, be discontinued. It is not the business of the State to conduct public worship against the objection of any considerable proportion of tax-payers, but, the use of the Bible as history and literature is no more sectarian than the use of Xenophon-or Homer. Yes; it is true enough that the use of the Bible as history and literature is no more sectarian than any other book of history or literature, but the Bible is not that; the Bible is neither history nor literature ; it was not written for any such purpose. It is true there is history in it, but the only purpose for which that history was written, is religious. It is likewise true that there is a literature in the Bible, but the sole worth that it has as literature is the religion that is in it. Take the literature of the sermon on the mount, what is it worth without the re-ligion that is in it ? That was not spoken as a piece of literature; the Savionr did not declaim that to display his eloquence. It was spoken as the word of God; spoken by him who came down from heaven bringing the salvation of God to man, and it was to impress the thoughts of God upon the minds and hearts of men that Christ uttered it, and to take that idea and thought out of it, takeS everything out of it; if it is not that, it is not any-thing at all. It is the sane with any other part of the Scriptures, there are fine passages, there are heights of elo-quence and depths of pathos, but whether it be height or depth, it is the inspiration  of the religion of Christ that makes it so, that makes it what it is. There is another point in this. There is:a good deal of sophistry about this idea of using -the Bible as a history. We should like some of those who talk that way, to tell us in what the history of the, JeWish people consists, that is of any material worth, aside from the re-ligion. What value has the history of the Jewish nation if you take the religion out of it ? They were not scientists; they did 'not cultivate art in any particular form. The form of government that they had was set aside by the Lord him-self, and such a form is forbidden to be any more amongst men. Then, as a model government, it is worthless. In art or science it is worthless. The only thing in the history from beginning to end, the only thing that ever was in it, the only thing that was intended to be gathered from it, is religion. And if it be separated from its religious purpose, there is taken away from it all the value that it has. To prove this, attention needs but to be called to the record. Take up the history that is found in the Bible any-where, and it is inseparable from the re-ligious idea, and the religious thought. The history of Abraham, for instance, is that God called him from among his people to a land that He would show him, and that he went not knowing whither; that the Lord promised to him, when as yet he had no child, that his seed should be as the stars of heavenŠinnumerable, and that in his seed all the nations of the earth should be blessed. The seed re-ferred to in that word is Jesus Christ, and the sole purpose of the history from Abraham to Christ, was to bring the people to him. And when he came and that people rejected him, their history, as connected with the Bible ceased forever. In fact, there is a period of more than four hundred years before Christ came, during which there is not a word of his-tory; which in itself shows that the history of that people is not the object of the writing in the Bible. Again, start with the children of Israel, as they were about to leave Egypt, and it is but an account of miracle after miracle. In fact the whole story, from that time till Israel entered into the land of Canaan, for a period of forty years, is scarcely anything else than a record of a series of miracles. The Red Sea was divided that Israel might pass;. then as they passed into the wilder-ness they came to the bitter waters which were made sweet that the people might drink. Afterward, water was more than once given to the people by Moses merely striking the rock with his rod; and then at Sinai, the Lord appeared in glory on the top Of the mount, and also at the door of the tabernacle; and, to say nothing of the constant, almost daily, repetition of miracles, there was the pillar of fire by 