THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, 381 Ł not the national government, then, re-enact that con-ceded  law of the Almighty, and make it effective?" ŠHearing, p. 66. Here we see an-utter ignoring of the power of the Spirit of God to influence men. The national government alone able to make the law of God effective!! We have already noted the blasphe-mous presumption of such an idea, but now after one more citation we wish to call special atten-tion to the result upon the people. In the Christian, Nation of December 5, 1888, the Rev. N. M. Johnston, speaking of Christ's work on earth, said of him:Š " He healed disease ; an intimation that when his gospel shall prevail, and wickedness be-suppressed by law, then pestilence and disease shall be unknown." Now note the following points:- 1. The law of God is spiritual. God requires.  truth in the inward parts. He has declared that outward compliance with his requireme ts amounts to nothing unless the service is from the .heart. His word declares that hatred is murder, and that a lustful desire or look is adultery. No sign may be made that man can see, but God, who looks upon the heart, sees violation of his commandments. The Pharisees, who appeared _ righteous outwardly unto men, but were corrupt within, were denounced in most unmeasured terms. See Matt. 23 : 26-2g. 2. As wickedness has to do with the heart, so has morality; and nothing but the Spirit of God can reach the heart. No laW, not excepting the law of God, can put down wickedness. The only righteousness that is worthy of the Ł name is the righteousness of faith. The apostle Paul de-clared that he did not want to be found at the last day having the righteousness of the law, but only with the righteousness which is by the faith of Jesus Christ. 3. Since the law of God has to do with the thoughts and intents of the heart, it is evident that no human law can enforce obedience to it, nor puniSh for disobedience thereof. A man may be as corrupt at heart as Satan can make him, and yet if he preserves a fair exterior, men may call him good. Therefore it follows that, 4. When the State assumes the power of re-enacting and making effective the laws of God, it will declare men to be moral who are grossly corrupt. And since the natural tendency of men is to self-satisfaction,' the result will be to fasten men in chains of vice. It will be useless to preach the gospel to men whom a power which they are taught to believe has authority above God, has declared to he rioliteous. And so the-so-called Christian nation will be a nation where murder, adultery, and theft will be clothed with the garb of Christianity. Thus the n,bettors of religious legislation take away the key of knowledge, not entering into the kingdom of God themselves, and hindering those who would. To sum up: We oppose religious legislation by civil governments, because it is unjust, and incon-sistent with that civil liberty which is inalienable and God-given... Especially is it un-American, directly subversive of that which the founders of this government fought and labored to establish and maintain. Still more do we oppose it, because it is antichristian, tending only to immorality and practical idolatry. It repudiates the power of Christ and the Holy Spirit; it treats the word of God as a common thing, subjecting it to the judgment of men and the caprices of politicians.; it even denies God himself, by attributing to fallible mortals the-authority which belongs to him alone. It is, in fact, of the very essence of heathenism; for while a true theocracy is the best government that could be imagined,ŠGod himself being ruler,Šwhen men appoint themselves vicegerents of God, they do just what the heathen did. Therefore, we call on all true AmericansŠupon all lovers of the liberty bequeathed to us by our fathers in the immortal Declaration of Independ-ence; and with a still louder call we appeal to all lovers of God, of' the Bible as his inspired word, and of the pure gospel of the Lord Jest's Christ, to unite with us in warning the people against this monster of injustice and mystery of iniquityŠreligious legislation. E. J. W. The President or Congress? TJNDER the heading, the Catholic- News of December 11 gives editorial utterance to the following, which contains sonic good points :Š "Where does the power lie under the Constitution of the United States, in the President or in Congress? In clause after clause we find the powers of Congress expressed or restricted. As to the President, we find little. The amendments to the Constitution, among other things, exact that Congress shall make no law establishing a religion. This is definite. Then the question is whether the President can practically, without law or constitutional authority, make an es-tablished religion. Religious tests are abolished, but if the President can remove all office-holders of one religion, he violates the Constitution virtually, makes a religious test, and an established religion. Nor can the President escape responsibility by appointing a subordinate to do this work. To make an established religion it is not necessary to make the doctrines of one Protestant denomination the religion. It suffices that the mass of doctrines (including hostility to, and protest against, Catholicity) known as the Protestant religion is virtually established. This certainly has been done by Mr. Harrison so far as the Indian De-partment is concerned, and it is a constitutional ques-tion whether in this he does not lay himself open to impeachment. It may be said that the Protestant religion is not a recognized body of doctrines, or a sect, with government and organization. The reply ,is clear. This is not necessary. The term, `the Protestant religion,' is one recognized in the statute-'book and the legal decisions of nearly all the original thirteen States, and was understood perfectly by the men who framed the Constitution of the United States, and by men who called for the amendments. The first constitution of the State of South Carolina established the Protestant religion in distinct terms. No one was eligible to either Honse ` unless he be of the Protestant religion,' and it enacted in express terms: The Christian Protestant shall be deemed, and is hereby constituted and declared to be, the re-ligion of this State.' North Carolina excluded from office every person ' who shall deny the truth of the Protestant religion.' New Hainpshire required the governor arid legislators to ' be of the Protestant re-ligion.' The-term was thus-fully recognized and un-derstood. "Now, Mr. Harrison, acting through Messrs. Morgan and Dorchester, haS actually made ' the Protestant religion' the religion of the United States, and made adherence to that religion a test. Both these steps are in direct violation of the Constitution of the United States, and a usurpation of powers not con-ferred upon him by that organic instrument. It re-mains to be seen whether this question shall be raised, and his conduct armigned. If any of the patriotic feelings of our ancestors of 1789 remain, he will be called to a strict account. There must be no established religion in the United States, no religious test required of anyone fitted to hold office. The question is not a mere trifling one about, one person in office or another, it touches the very essentials of the government under the Constitution,of the United States." If we could believe that the-writer-of the above was sincere, we could applaud him ; but we are compelled to believe that the cause of his griev-ance is that President Harrison is inclined to favor the Protestant, religion rather than. the and beseught our God for this ; and he was entreated -for us." Ezra 8 : 22, 23. The-church has preached to the world about the power of God ; yet, unlike, Ezra, it is not ashamed to ask the world for help, instead of trusting in God. Thus they confess their lack of knowlege of God. Two great evils must result from - this course: First, the world will no more believe that there is any such thing as the power of the Holy , Spirit, and it will think itself su-preme. second, both the church and the world will be plunged more deeply into, sin; because the church is appealing for help against an evil, to the,  very source of that evil. The world cannot nitrify the world. A worldly church cannot clear itself of worldliness by the aid of the world. Therefore Christians should oppose religious leg-islation for the honor of God, and for the preserva-tida of his truth. But. I have a still stronger indictment in this line to bring against religious legislation. It is that Such legislation naturally tends to the gross-est immorality, and, what is worse, leads the vic-ious to think that they are Christians. Ground for this charge_' is found in the following state-ments.-  Dr. 'Edwards, in his New York address before referred to, said :--- " And ,yet another objection is that the laws of Moses will have to be re-enacted and enforced among us, and that these laws are not at all fitted to our times,'Our freedom; our civilization. I confess that I am not at all afraid of Moses. . . . Now, if there be anything in the laws of Moses which the coming . of Christ and the subsequent overthrow of Judaism :did not abrogate, let them be Pointed outŠthere cannot be many of themŠand we are prepared to accept them and have them re-enacted." Again, in the hearing on the Sunday-Rest hill before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, Senator Blair asked the question :-- " Suppose that human beings trying to live in .accordance with the will of God, re-enact his law; and write it in their statute-books;, is it wrong for 'society to put into its public laws the requirements of the' obedience to God and his law ?"ŠHearing,p. 65. And when this question had been answered by , the statement that the effect of Sunday legisla-tion is to call the attention of the individual to human authority, to the exclusion of the divine, Mr. Blair replied:Š . " The will of God exists. He requires the observ- ance of the seventh day, just as he prohibits murder; andas we re-enact his law in making a law and re- . -enfording it against murder, so all the States have en-acted laws against the desecration of the Sabbath, going further or not so far, according to the idea of various-Legislatures."ŠTh. p. 66. Just think of it! Re-enacting the law of God! And not simply re-enacting it, but even going farther than God, according to the State Legisla-tures Was greater presumption ever dreamed of? What could more perfectly meet the de-scription of the power that should oppose and exalt itself above all that is called God or that is worshiped ? But listen to two more statements on the same point. In the Christian Statesman of May 30, 1889, Mr. Crafts said:Š "The laws of our statute-books that re-enact the seventh commandment are  as distinctly biblical in . their origin as the laws that re-enact a part of the fourth commandment." .And Mr. Blair, continuing his-remarks before referred to, said :Š Now the question comes right to this point: God having ordained the Sabbath, as you concede,-with all religions organizations, here is the national govern-nent;which alone can make that law of God opera-tive in this sphere of national action. Why should_ 