AMERICAN SENTINEL. 421 as complete a denial of the doctrine of human rights, set forth in the Declaration of Independence, as could well be made. If individual rights have no existence in the sacred domain of religion, they have no existence at all. If an individual is under obligation to obey some other man in religious matters, he is by the same token bound to obey the same authority in matters temporal. Recently the pope said of England that "England's return to Roman Catholicism is daily becoming more certain"; and of the United States he said, also recently, that it is marching into the Catholic church with rapid strides. Hence Cardinal Vaughan can very consistently favor British and American supremacy in Asia; for Russia, of course, is not under the influence of the pa-pacy as are England and the United States. Rome hopes that these two countries will become supreme in the far East, and by that time she hopes to be supreme in them. LibertyŠfor the White Man. "Buffalo Courier," July I. "WE hold these truths to be self-evident: That all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed."ŠDeclaration of Independence. These immortal words of Jefferson, given to the world on the day of our nation's birth, were not the expression of new truths. They were the condensation into a few strong phrases of all that humanity had learned of liberty, gleaned from the history of the centu-ries and sealed with the blood of freemen shed on a thousand battle-fields. We may not, if we would, cast these teachings aside as the words of a visionary philos-opher, an idealist whose doctrines have been proved to be unfitted to our needs after a trial of little more than a century. These are Jefferson's words, but the teach-ings are those of human experience. If we reject them we turn our faces away from the light and cast aside much that was good in the civilizations of the past. We ablndon Greek democracy and Roman justice; the teachings of the Hebrew prophets, and the principles underlying our Christian civilization; the Magna Charta and the Reformation; the victories of our own people on the bloody fields of the Revolution and the Rebellion. For summed up in this one brief paragraph we find the recognition of universal brotherhood, of eternal justice, of divine power and love for fellowman, of civil and religious liberty, of government resting on the con-sent of the governed, which forbids slavery and oppres-sion of every kind. If these principles of the Declaration of Independence are of such transcendant importance in securing the happiness and welfare of men and of na- tions, then the American people can do no better on this anniversary than to consider calmly and seriously whether the currents of our national life are flowing in the direction that our Revolutionary ancestors would have chosen; whether our present policies are in keeping with the Declaration of Independence. It is far easier to assume that these things are true; to point, as many writers and speakers will do to-day, to the Stars and Stripes proudly floating over seventy-five millions of people at home and a dozen millions more on the islands of the sea, without knowing or car-ing whether that flag is for these people a symbol of freedom, or of oppression. It would be easy to dwell upon the achievements of brave men who have since our last Independence Day raised that flag in new and dis-tant regions, laying down their young lives that the red, white and blue might be planted in triumph among the ruins of an ancient and outworn despotism; but it is our duty to consider whether in the consequences of their sacrifice we have realized the high ideals of the American people. One year ago to-day we were rejoicing in a great naval victory by which the issue of the Span-ish war had been decided, and the liberty of Cuba se-cured. Yet Cuba is not free to-day. The Spaniard has gone, but in his place -the American has established a military rule which is as foreign to the principles of the Declaration as is the czar's iron rule over Russia. How-ever beneficial its temporary results may be, the system is wrong. It is maintained in defiance of the sacred pledge of the American people made by Congress in the intervention, when the freedom of Cuba was acknowl-edged in the very words of our own Declaration of Inde-pendence. Ten thousand miles away, across the broad Pacific, another shameful spectacle is presented. In the Philip-pines, an American army has contended for months, gallantly but unsuccessfully, to assert our claim of sove-reignty over a brave people who fought with us against the Spaniards, but who unfortunately turned their guns-upon us when it became clear that we would not grant to them that liberty, which is their "unalienable right." We have ravaged their country with fire and sword in the name of liberty and Christian civilization. Was there ever a more shameful spectacle of lust of land and greed of gold? "Life, liberty and the pursuit of happi-ness," says the Declaration. All of these things have we taken from them, and in the judgment of the nations, we shall not escape the payment of the penalty. We read much in these days about manifest destiny, about the duty of spreading Anglo-Saxon civilization, about taking up the "white man's burden." Are the principles of the Declaration applicable only to white men? Did Jefferson mean that all white men are created equal, that the Creator has endowed white men with unalienable rights, that "the consent of the governed" was not a necessary preliminary to the government of black men, or brown men, or yellow men? Lincoln did 