AMERICAN SENTINEL. 613  sit in darkness. But their noblest efforts have been greatly neutralized by the satanic energy of the white man's curse." The true "white man's burden" in foreign lands is the white man himself, whenever he goes with heart untouched by the grace of God. Good Words About War. SUCH are the following. spoken by ,a fearless English statesman, Mr. John Morley, in a speech at Manchester, England, relating to the anticipated war with the Transvaal:Š "The sword won't help you. I ask myself very often whether the man with the sword blundering in and slashing at the knots that statesmen ought to have untied, is not responsible for half the worst catastrophes in the political history of Europe. You may carry fire and sword into the midst of peace and industry, but such a war of the strongest government in the world against this weak little republic, and the strongest gov-ernment in the world with untold wealth and inexhaust-ible resources, will bring you no glory. It will bring you no profit, but mischief will be wrought. You may make thousands of women widows and thousands of children fatherless. It will be wrong. You may add a new province to your empire. It will still be wrong. You may give greater buoyancy to the South African Stock and Share Market. You may create South African booms. You may send the price of Mr. Rhodes's char-tereds up to a point beyond the dream of avarice. Yes, even then it will be wrong." Is War Consistent With Christianity?ŠNo. 1. By Jonathan Dymond. THAT the whole character and spirit of our religion are eminently and peculiarly peaceful, and that it is op-posed, in all its principles, to carnage and devastation, cannot be disputed. "Have peace one with another." "By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another." "Walk with all lowliness and meekness, with long-suffering, forbearing one another in love." "Be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of an-other; love as brethren, be pitiful, be courteous, not ren-dering evil for evil, or railing for railing. ' "Be at peace among yourselves. See that none ren-der evil for evil to any man." "God hath called us to peace." "Follow after love, patience,meekness." "Be gentle, showing all meekness unto all men." "Live in peace." "Lay aside all malice " "Put off anger, wrath, mal-ice." "Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamor, and evil speaking be put away from you, with all malice." "Avenge not yourselves." "If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink." "Recompence to no man evil for evil." "Overcome evil with good." Now we ask of any man who looks over these pas-sages, what evidence do they convey respecting theiaw-fulness of war? Could any approval or allowance of it have been subjoined to these instructions, without obvi-ous and most gross inconsistency? But if war is obvi-ously and most grossly inconsistent with the general character of ChristianityŠif war could not have been permitted by its teachers, without an egregious viola-tion of their own precepts, we think that the evidence of its unlawfulness, arising from this general character alone, is as clear, as absolute, and as exclusive as could have been contained in any form of prohibition what-ever. To those solemn, discriminative, and public declara-tions of Jesus Christ, which are contained in the sermon on the mount," a reference will necessarily be made upon this great question; and, perhaps, more is to be learnt from these declarations, of the moral duties of his religion, than from any other part of his communica-tions to the world. It should be remarked, in relation to the injunctions which follow, that he repeatedly refers to that less pure and less peaceable system of morality which the law of Moses had inculcated, and contradistin-guishes it from his own. "Ye have heard that it hath been said, An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth, but I say unto you that ye resist not evil; but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also." "Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neigh-bor, and hate thine enemy; but I say unto you, Love your enemies; bless them that curse you; do good to them that hate you; and pray for them which despite-fully use you and persecute you: for if ye love them only which love you, what reward have ye?" There is an extraordinary emphasis in the form of these prohibitions and injunctions. They are not given in an insulated manner. They inculcate the obligations of Christianity as peculiar to itself. The previous sys-tem of retaliation is introduced for the purpose of pro-hibiting it, and of distinguishing more clearly and forci-bly the pacific nature of the new dispensation. Of the precepts from the mount the most obvious characteristic is greater moral excellence and superior purity. They are directed, not so immediately to the external regulation of the conduct, as to the restraint and purification of the affections. In another precept it is not enough that an unlawful passion be just so far restrained as to produce no open immoralityŠthe pas_ sion itself is forbidden. The tendency of the discourse is to attach guilt, not to action only, but also to thought. "It has been said, Thou shalt not kill, and whosoever shall kill, shall be in danger of the judgment; but I say, that whoever is angry with his brother without a cause, shall be in danger of the judgment." Our lawgiver 