THERE are a few preachers and religious thinkers in our country who have not the natural ability, or training, to define the dif-ference between tweedle-dee and tweedle-dum. Our pulpit and platform ability can evolve a discourse from an adverb, a conjunction, or preposition; can divide into longitudinal sec-tions the finest specimen of capillary matter that was ever found in a second growth on any theological pate, however shiny; it can eisegete into scriptural texts ideas God and the angels would fail to find therein; can beat out moral questions into a thinness in comparison to which tissue paper is like China's wall; while of moral principles, however subtle in themselves, it can make * See "Communism in the Pulpit," New York Independent, March 26, 1896. f John 6:15. t Luke 12: 14. 116 AN IHUNPPINIEICA VoL. 11, No. 15. men, or of any number of churches to dictate to them an interpretation of God's will. And that is just what it means, for " ' God' to be supreme over all." If God were indeed su-preme no one would have ought to fear; but those having control of legislation and not God would be supreme, ruling professedly in the name of God, but in reality administering not the law of God, but their own interpreta-tion of that law. Thus, like the Papacy, they would sit in the temple of God, show-ing or professing themselves to be God. It would be nothing less than an image of the Papacy. CHRISTIANITY AND COMMUNISM. THE world to-day is full of theories. Never was human thought more productive of spec- ulation and alleged discoveries relative to panaceas for social and political, as well as physical ills. The human mind is prone to inventions. " God hath made man upright," writes Solomon,"but he has sought out many inventions." e has been continually trying, ever since the fall, to invent some means of becoming,  his own saviour. But his efforts in this line are, of course, as useless as those made to discover the long-sought " perpetual motion." The trouble with these " inventions" and theories is, they are human. Man has turned away from a field of knowledge opened before him by the wisdom of God, to wander in the mazes of his own wisdom and speculation. Man cannot be his own saviour. He cannot uplift himself from the plane of his fallen human nature by the force of his own laws and resolutions. But there is one adequate Saviour Š Jesus Christ Š and one adequate uplifting power for every fallen conditionŠthe power of the gospel of Christ. There is one sure way of attaining happiness here and hereafter, and that is the way of God's word. " Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path." Ps. 119: 105. There is one way of securing uninterrupted prosper-ity, of having all things work together for our good; and that is stated in the inspired utter-ance, " All things work together for good to them that love God." Rom. 8 :28. Men, however, are not willing to let happi-ness and prosperity be assured to them in this way. They have more confidence in the methods dictated by their own wisdom, than in those set forth in the God-ordained scheme of redemption, which their finite wisdom can-not grasp. They have more faith in a tower of babel as a means of attaining heaven than in the ladder of Jacob's dream. Though it is recorded that the ancient builders "left off to build " the structure begun in the plains of Shinar (Gen. 11:1-10), their descendants have been busy rearing similar towers in the field of ethics, from that time down to the present. The foundation stone of all these structures is salvation by works. Upon this we see being reared to-day the babel tower of govern-mental religion. The power of national law is to be made the means of regenerating and saving the nation. By the works of that law is the nation to be made Christian. The Christianity of the nation is to be the Chris-tianity of the people; and when the Church, directing human legislation, shall fulfill(?) the prophecy, "Out of Zion shall go forth the law," the cap-stone of the mighty structure will have been laid. But the work will end in confusion, as it ever has in the past. Another monument of the modern Babylon may be seen in " Christian" communism. Communism is asserted by its advocates to be identical with Christianity. In this guise it  is proclaimed from the pulpit, and in one Western college it is even made the basis of a professorship, under the name of " Applied Christianity." But the very name " com-munism " indicates that the doctrine is one which deals with masses rather than individ- uals. Applied Christianity is the life of Christ in the heart of the individual. Chris- tianity deals with individuals only, since it operates only through faith, which is some-thing each person must possess for himself. Christianity operates through faith in Christ; communism operaters through " faith" in a theory. The one seeks to give, the other seeks to receive. The one means self-denial, the other is self-assertion. Any doctrine which seeks to apply Christianity to the State, or the people en masse, or to make it operative through the theories and conceptions, or laws and resolutions, of men, is not Christianity, but a base counterfeit. It is the doctrine of self-salvation. Communism in the pulpit proclaims that the " revelation of Jesus was a social idea," and that " the career of Jesus was as truly political as was that of Mazzini or Sumner." It asserts " that Jesus was crucified for dis-turbing the social order of things;" and that "Jesus went at Jerusalem more truly than Parkhurst at New York, and far more wisely. "* But Jesus himself said, " My kingdom is not of this world." He would not allow his serv-ants to use the sword in his behalf. He refused to let the multitude make him a king.t He refused to be made a judge.t Neither military force nor political office per-tain to the kingdom of Christ. The world does not need more theories and more isms; it has too many of these already. It is not in need of new discoveries in ethics or sociology. It needs more of that which has been known and preached since the world began,Šthe " faith which worketh by love." More love of humanity by humanity is the world's great need, which no human inven-tions or theories can supply. More love of humanity means more of God in the heart, for " God is love." And this means more faith in the Word of God, for there is enough of the Spirit .of God if only the heart is open to receive him. Thus we come back again to the great truth which men have so persistently slighted, that to the gospel of Jesus Christ, which is " the power of God unto salvation to everyone that believeth," and to that alone, must we look for peace, happiness, satisfac-tion and true success amidst the vicissitudes and troubles of this life. Ł Ł Ł  " WHOSE OX," ETC. BY H. B. MAURER. such fine-spun applications as to necessitate, for the ordinary intelligence, a Lick mental telescope to discover, and many other feats of intellectual jugglery it is able to perform; but when it comes to a consideration of a certain phase of religious matters, the support religion receives, directly or indirectly, from the State .-L-a support that is inconsistent, unjust, un-fair, and therefore un-Christian and un-Amer-icanŠthe theologian's sensibilites seem sud-denly seared as with a hot iron. There is a failure to detect the dishonesty and unfairness in the exemption of church property from taxation, which exemption be-sides is so palpably inconsistent with our theory of the union of Church and State, that it surprises one that there should ever be any claims made that we have here no such union. Sabbath legislation, under the disguise of civil, sanitary, and other pretensions, is an insult to the ordinary intelligence, and " it gives one a pain" to think that the "Sabbath" reformers cannot see it in that light, and since they do not, what hope is there that they will ever see that such legislation is alike subversive of Christian as well as American principles ? Strong is the spell that error weaves, In midnight madness for mankind; And deep the trace that error leaves Impressed upon the human mind. Bright must the rays of God's light break, And strong the power of truth must be, Ere men from error's trance awake And think, and act, and dare be free. THE FOUNTAIN OF LAW. " THERE is one Lawgiver, who is able to save and to destroy." * That which is in the truest sense entitled to be termed law, can from its very nature have but one Author. The idea that law, as a rule of just conduct for individuals, can be manufactured by leg-islatures, is altogether erroneous. Neither law nor rights can be manufactured by any human power. The Declaration of Indepen-dence asserts that it is a self-evident truth that all men " are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." This being true, as it certainly is, it follows that the law of those rights must lie equally without the sphere of humair enactments. The law must be co-existent with the rights. The author of the one must of necessity have been the author of the other. But, as the immortal Declaration asserts, governments are instituted among men, to preserve these rights. They are instituted to see that the law of these rights is enforced, or is observed by individuals. That is the civil law,Šthe law of civility, or respect for human rights. Of course, it must devolve upon sovereign power in a community or State to define the law for the common guid-ance of all; but obviously, this is not creating law. It is but discovering that which was al-ready in existence. " Our human laws," says Fronde, t " are but the copies, more or less imperfect, of the eternal laws so far as we can read them; and either succeed and promote our welfare, or fail and bring confusion and disaster, accord-ing as the legislator's insight has detected the true principles, or has been distorted by igno-rance or selfishness." Law is a science; and of the principles of science man is the discoverer, not the maker. The laws of logic, or of mathematics, are dis- * James 4:12. t Century Dictionary, "Law." 