46 AMERICAN SENTINEL. that One day in twelve is the just proportion of physical rest to labor. There is still another result to these observations : It may be discovered that if the eight-hour system is granted as a boon to the laboring classes, no day of physical rest is needed at all, because sixteen hours out of twenty-four are granted for that purpose, which would secure such rest and leisure to the working classes that no civil law of the land need be called in requisition to compel the observance of 1  a special day of rest and repose for the body. THE TRUE SABBATH IS SPIRITUAL. God himself-has written the law of daily rest in the very heart of creation. Whenever the sun sets at the close of the day the natural period of physical rest com-mences, then the sabbath of physical rest has come, bringing with it the angel of sleep, the greatest benefac-tor of the Sons of toil. The body needs no special day of rest; each night is its sabbath. It is the soul, the spirit, which needs a Sabbath, to gain spiritual consolation and religious instruction, and, to provide for this necessity is the office of religion, the mission of each church within its own borders. With this spiritual work the State has nothing to do, and this spiritual Sabbath must unfold its beauty and sanctity by the innate force of religion. The rose and the lily will unfurl their delicate bloom and pour out their sweet per-fume only when they are allowed to grow and expand by the innate force which God has laid in root, stem and flower. They would wither in our hands should we make the rude attempt to force asunder their delicate fabric. Even so will the beauty and glory of a spiritual Sabbath fade away, when the hand of the law uses forcible meas-ures to impose it Upon man. " The Law Is Spiritual." or to change it, or to hold or teach that it means any-thing different from exactly what it says. The knowledge of this shuts out everything like reli-gious coercion, persecution, or the laying-  down of rules for people to follow; for true worship must be rendered ,in the Spirit which God alone gives. The Word must be taken, not in our own spirit, but in the Spirit of God, and that must lead us into larger and larger ideas, and work in us that which we do not know ourselves. Men have secret faults of which they are utterly un-concious. Not only so, but no man knows the depth of any sin which is brought to, his attention, orŁ the fullness of any command which is enjoined upon him. It is plain, therefore, that no man can measure his own righteous-ness, nor his own sin. He can simply know that he is a sinner, and that the righteousness of God is given to him. The more of the Lord he knows, the greater sinner he will realize himself in himself to be. Therefore no man or body of men, whether in Church or State, can lay down rules by which a man must live; because the field of God's requirements is as unbounded as his own life, and must therefore, ever keep increasing to our vision; and though men filled the world with books in the attempt to define everything, there still would be something omitted. The.  Spirit of God must work its own life in every man. This takes the matter out of the realm, of civil government entirely. NO human authority whatever can impose the Spirit upon any man, or define the mind of the Spirit. TO OUR PATRONS: rt. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, of by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co— not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. E. J. Waggoner, in Signs of the Times. "Fon we know that the law is spiritual." Then there can be no fulfilling of the law save in the Spirit. "God is a Spirit; and they that worship Him must worship Him in Spirit and in truth." Ł God is Spirit; therefore they that worship Him must do so in the Spirit which he supplies. He provides the means, and does not ask:us to worship Him in our spirit, or in our conception of His law. We are not to worship God as we think Him to be, but as He is. And no one, as stated in the text just quoted, can comprehend9od, or define the bounds and limits of His will. Then no man can lay down a rule for another, or even for himself. Here is the unlimited Word. No man can put a limit on the word .of God, or say of any text that he has fathomed its depth, and that he has all the truth there is in it. No; the word is spiritual, and no man can fathom the depth of the mind of the Holy Spirit. For this reason no man, and no body of men, is at liberty to put any construction on the word of God;  ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, $1.00. Six mouths, Ti,ree -- - A DoRicsx AritRICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New -York. 