134 A_ innitCA N vr.,— VOL. 8, No. 17. love-feast. Passing along the road they spied Mr. Judefind husking corn about two hundred yards from the public road along which they were passing; and as though Providence (as it may have seemed to them) was specially favoring them, they met, only a few rods from the spot where they first observed this reckless disregard of their sacred day, a justice of the peace who, with a companion, was going to order some lumber to be de-livered (and which was delivered) the next day. Calling the attention of the justice to the violator of the law, the minister de-manded that he be arrested and punished. The justice replied that it was not his place to enter complaints, and that more-over he was shortsighted and could not see the man at that distance. " In that case," said the Rev. Robert Roe, for such is the gentleman's name, " I say to have him arrested." The justice replied, Well, if you say to have him arrested, and will appear against him, all right." And so after attending to the business on which he was bent, the justice returned to his office and made out the warrant which was immediately placed in the hands of an officer who served it the same evening. At the trial, the next day, the minister could not positively identify the accused as the man whom he had seen husking corn, but the young man who was with the justice was positive that Mr. Judefind was the man, and so he was fined five dollars and the costs of the case, amount-ing in all to something over eight dollars. Mr. Judefind immediately took an appeal to the Circuit Court of Kent County, in which the case is pending at this writing. But Mr. Judefind's case is not the only one in which the spirit of persecution has been manifested. From Kent County, Md., the work of the Adventists spread to Queen Anne County, and a church of some sixty members was raised up at Ford's Store. Four miles from that place on Kent Island, resides a man by the name of Isaac Baker, a farmer, who, until less than a year since was an active mem-ber of the Methodist Episcopal Church. Hearing of the Adventist meetings at Ford's Store, he went, and finally em-braced the Adventist faith. This greatly disturbed his former friends; but nothing came of it until on Sunday, the 9th inst., he did some plowing. The next day he was arrested and, like Mr. Judefind, was fined five dollars and costs, amounting in all to eleven dollars, there being nine wit-nesses against him. The field in which Mr. Baker was doing his work was not near any public road, but there was a public boat-landing near one corner of it. He was first observed by some persons who were boating, and subsequently, when it had been noised about that aonan was plowing on Sunday, quite a number of people came down, ap-parently to see the violation of the law. The warrant was sworn out by a promi-nent member of the Methodist Church, who, however, is by no means an exem-plary member, judged by the Methodism of forty years ago. It seems strange that the Methodists have so soon forgotten that they them- selves suffered persecution for their faith not so very many years ago, that their names were cast out as evil, and that ministers of other sects regarded them as trespassers and poachers upon their pre-serves. Such, however, is human nature;  but it is not divine nature, and those who have been made partakers of the divine nature will be found doing to others as they would be done by. The true spirit of the gospel has in it no taint of intoler-erance. A persecuting church is an apos-tate church, no matter by what name it may be called. c. P. B. Chestertown, Md., April 18. .. .  Sunday Keeping in the Church. IT seems the Presbyterian Church, in South Carolina, has decided that its mem-bers must observe Sunday. The follow-ing despatch gives the incidents of a church trial, for a failure in strict Sunday observance, of a member of the Presby-terian Church in Columbus, S. C. The Presbyterian Church in South Carolina has a fight on its hands that promises to lay the famous Woodrow case on the shelf for all time to come. The case arose at the Charleston Presbytery, which is now in session in Columbia, and came up in this way. A young girl, very respectably connected, was expelled from the Presbyterian Church for the charge of working on Sunday. Her name is Sadie Means, a family name quite prominent among the four hundred of South Carolina. She works in the telephone exchange, and this involves several hours work on Sunday. It transpired at the trial of her case before the presbytery that this poor girl had been summoned before the session of the church and forced to con-fess that she worked on Sunday. The pastor, Rev. G. A. Blackburn, offered to pay her expenses of learning stenography, and Elder McCreery offered her a place as cash girl in his dry goods store. These offers the girl declined, but requested a let-ter of dismissal, with a view of joining another church. Then these men expelled her. Her uncle carried the case before the presbytery on appeal, and for three days the presbytery de-voted its time to discussing this matter. It was brought out during the discussion that there were six or seven male members of the same church who habitually worked on SundayŠa newspaper man, an expressman, a railroad man, and others. But it was claimed by Mr. Blackburn, the pastor, that these men were in sin befor, he took hold of the church. The presbytery, after gravely discussing the mat-ter for three days, confirmed the action of the session expelling the telephone girl by a vote of twenty to six, all the ministers except Rev. W. T. Thompson, of Charleston, voting with the ma-jority. The case has been taken to the synod on appeal, and the Presbyterians throughout the State are in a bad state of mind over it. Another account states that the pastor of the church from which Miss Means was expelled, declared that if the charges were not sustained in the presbytery, and his action, in dismissing the young woman from church membership for attending to her telephone duties on Sunday, up-held, he could not remain pastor of the church. The prospect for Sunday- observance trials both within and without the church is large. Why is not the plea that Sun-day is not the Sabbath a very proper de-fense before an ecclesiastical court ? It may be that synod and presbyteries may be compelled to listen to a full presenta-tion of this plea, as these church trials continue. Ł IS- English Sunday Ideas. LAST Sunday week, says London Truth, a number of the inhabitants of Inverness were wicked and depraved enough not only to assemble at the railway station to await the arrival of an Indian troupe engaged to perform at the borough thea-ter, but actually to attend a sacred con-cert given by the members of the National Grand Opera Company. This heinous behavior has, of course, excited the wrathful notice of the Free Church  Presbytery. " Such conduct in a Chris-tian town is a defiance to God himself," declared a Rev. Mr. Mackenzie, and shows that Inverness is " fast ripening for the judgments of the Most High." " Yes," chimed in a Rev. Dr. Macdonald, " we are drifting, in the North of Scot-land, very fast into a sort of continental Sabbathism." " Already," added this learned divine, " there is a tremendous amount of walking during the summer evenings, and it is very demoralizing to the young people." Then, after a column or two of similar denunciations, another reverend doctor wound up the debate by an account of how his little dogŠevi-dently as keen a Sabbatarian as his worthy masterŠ" tore out the advertise-ment calling the sacred concert, which appeared in the Courier. And I think," added this truly Christian minister, " that it was just an advertisement for dogs." This remark was followed by " laughter," but, not being a Scotchman, I will not attempt to explain wherein the " wut " of it lies. I do, however, most unquestion-ably recognize the dry humor which in-duced all the bigoted fanatics who took part in this outrageously anachronistic discussion to make their rancorous and immoderate remarks to an official whom they persistently addressed as " Moder-ator!" Their Next Fight. IN an address before the Evangelical Alliance at St. Louis, March 27, Rev. Henry George urged that the Sunday mails be stopped, with the argument that the " carrying of letters on the Sabbath is iniquitous." Dr. George is field secre-tary of the American Sabbath Union. He recounted the victories of the union in the World's Fair Sunday-closing strife, and then said :Š Our next fight will be to stop Sunday mails. We will go before Congress on that issue. That's the iniquitous traffic that causes one quarter of a million of people to desecrate God's day. That's the abomination that makes trains run on Sunday, and makes Sunday newspapers possible. Resolutions indorsing the position taken by Dr. George were passed by the Alli-ance, and a committee was appointed to assist in putting an end to the " abomina-tion."Š Workers' Bulletin. Error Can Not Bear the Light. THE Union Signal has this paragraph : A contemporary religious paper after making some excellent remarks upon the dishonorable con-duct of those who are trying to make it appear that Congress has no right to close the Fair on Sunday, expresses the following strange sentiment: "The antecedent debate on the question has done a wide harm which ten fairs can not heal, Hun-dreds of thousands have been induced to adopt and approve a line of argument that strikes at the vitals both of a Sunday for rest and a Sabbath for worship." If this be true, then agitation on all subjects, except where things are so bad they can-not be made worse, is an evil; for discussions of this kind always confirm some in their wrong ideas and bring to the same view others who were before undecided. To accept this statement would be to admit that it is truth, not error which suffers by the light. We do not doubt that some are more obstinately wrong than ever and others who before were undecided have now gone hopelessly on to the wrong side of the question ; but we also believe that some who were before undecided have now decided for the right and we must believe that it is the majority who have so decided, but, what-ever may be the relative numbers, it is certain that people might about as well be wrong as to have no opinion on a subject. Those who are on the fence are of no more benefit to a cause and of not much less injury than those who are outspoken against it. What ever may be the immediate effects of 