AMERICAN SENTINEL: 213 that respect to the observance of the Sabbath which is paid -by our National and State Governments, and which is in accordance with the laws and customs of the American people, by the closing of their bureaux and the suspension of official business on Sunday. "The subject has receivedthe Department's atten-tion, and I am pleased to inform you that the Commis-sioner-General of the United States to the Exposition and the United States Ambassador at Paris have been instructed to co-operate, as far as possible, with the American exhibitors in procuring united action to in-duce the suspension of the running of machinery and the performance of manual labor in connection with American exhibits on Sunday. They have further been instructed regarding their official observance of the day, and their report will be awaited as to what it is practicable for the United States to do in its official representative capacity. "I am, sir, "Your obedient servant, "JOHN HAY." The representatives of the Government, it will be noted, are to observe Sunday in their official capacity, which will constitute an observance of Sunday by the American Government. But the American Government does not observe Sunday here at home; for there is no national law for Sunday observance in any department of the Government, and in fact each of the departments transacts business on Sunday when necessity seems to require it; while the Constitution, which is the highest law of the land, prohibits the enactment of any na-tional law "respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Congress did enact a law closing the Chicago World's Fair on Sun-day, and thus the Government did recognize the claims of Sunday as a religious institution; but it acted wholly without authority in the matter, as it does now in clos-ing the American exhibit at Paris. In recognizing Sunday as a religious institution the Government gives its support to a religion. It takes sides in a religious controversy; for opposing religions contend over this very question of acknowledging Sun- day as a sacred day. Why should the Government do this? And if the Government can do this of right, why may it not of right take sides in any other matter of religious controversy? Why may it not, and why should it not, support religion to the full extent of a complete union of church and state? How can the Gov-ernment favor a religion in the matter of Sunday ob-servance, without thereby establishing the full princi-ple of church and state union? THE Porto Rican tariff question brings us to the parting of the ways, where the people must decide whether expansion means the use of national power to exploit governed communities for our benefit, or the use of national power to extend over governed commu-nities the privileges which freedom has given us. In  this issue there can be no compromise. Shall conscience or commercialism role? That is 'the question.ŠThe Outlook. The Mission of Christians. THE following "conversation" on thiS subject by a, writer in the Ram's Horn, presents truths which the "Christian" lobbyists and politicians and agitators for religious legislation, and indeed all people, would do well to keep in mind:Š "I tell you," exclaimed the Man-of-Spirit, "the trou-ble with us is that we haven't backbone. We're afraid! Why, we call ourselves a Christian nation; the world calls itself civilized, and look at it! What has the church to do with the ruling of this country? Nothing! We ought to rise in our might and make ourselves felt! But we don't do it! And I'm afraid we won't do it. It's discouraging, the lack of backbone you find in the world. Don't you think so, Uncle Bez?" "Well, I've found some pretty determined people in the world," replied Uncle Bez. "Some of them determined to do the right thing, and some determined to do the wrong. I don't believe that it's altogether a question of more backbone; I don't think that is the crying need of the church to-day. In fact, I'm not so sure that we havn't too much backbone, some of us. I'm not sure that we are not a proud and stiff-necked generation. "I think if you'll get down your New Testament and read a little of the life of Christ, you will very soon see that he does not require us to carry the world by storm. You remember that he warned his disciples against seeking to ' domineer ' men; `for the Son of Man came not to be ministered unto, but to minister.' "He was born in a stable; no man was crowded out of the comfortable inn to make room for the King of Glory. "He began busying himself `about his Father's business,' when other boys were busy with games. "His fore-runner was not a k nigh tly herald in purple, but a man in camel's hair from the desert. "Immediately after his ministry began, the devil began to tempt him to take the kingdoms of the world for his own, but he would notŠthat was not the sort of rule he came to establish. "He called disciples unto himŠthat they might care for him, watch him and guard Him? NoŠthey slept while he passed through the greatest agony the world has ever seen. 'Not to be ministered unto, but to minister.' He gathered them about him that he might, with infinite 'patience and tenderness, teach them the way to live. "He explained to Nicodemus that the Son of Man `must be lifted up'Šmust give his life as a ransom for many. "To the woman at the well, a Samaritan with whom the self-righteous Jews had nothing to do, and again to the publicans and sinners who gathered at Matthew's house, Christ went bearing the message of eternal life. "To his friends and neighbors at Nazareth he de-clared that he was anointed `to preach the gospel to the poor, to heal the broken-hearted, to preach deliver- 