46 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. over $500; traveled 6,400 Miles, held 97 inter-views, and addreSsed 4 synods, 2 colleges, and W: C.: T. Unions in 3 places. All signs he " said point to this as the hour when these things should be pressed upon political parties. " If our enemies say these things shall stay out, we must be determined that they shall go in." He spoke of "the workingmen, whom Socialism, and Anarchism, and Catholicism, are all trying to catch." But in the Executive Committee the day before it had been decided that National Reform must secure the work-ingmen, and that they could best be secured through the agitation of the Sabbath, for work-ingmen do not want to work' on the Sabbath. Secretary Mills reported seven months' work principally in his own conference, Northern Ohio, and chiefly among M. E. Churches. He published a small sheet himself to help spread his views; gave 12 lectures a month on Na-tional Reform direct; collected in all $375. Secretary Coleman had addressed 9 meet-ings, 2 ecclesiastical bodies, and 5 colleges. The coming year the way is open to reach twice as many colleges. He said, "The bad are growing worse, and the good are growing better." A series of about twelve resolutions was in-troduced. But neither in the resolutions nor in their discussion was there anything devel-oped that had not been covered in the speeches and reports, except in the one in which the convention complimented the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union. One speaker caused a 'good deal of sparring by saying that he "would not have the ballot put into worn-an's hands." Mr. Stevenson remarked that he foresees far larger results froin the Woman's Christian Temperance Union influence in Na-tional Reform than even they themselves re-alize. Within five years they have their hand on the legislation of twenty States, and have secured scientific temperance instruction in the public schools. Another speaker said: " This movement is bound to succeed through the influence of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union." Another said: "When we get women and Christ in politics, and they will both go in to-gether, we shall have every reform, and Christ will be proclaimed King of kings and Lord of lords." The chairman closed the debate on this resolution by saying that "when woman un-dertakes anything good she will do it. And if she attempts anything bad she will accom-plish that. What Ahab would not do Jezebel did. And what Herod would not do to John the Baptist otherwise, his wife caused him to do:" No one attempted to explain just ex-actly where, in this observation, there lay theŁ compliment to the W. C. T. U. It seemed to the SENTINEL representative that the compli-ment was rather backhanded. And yet we could not help wondering whether in the end the observation might not prove true and the simile appropriate, even though it be not pre-.  eminently complimentary as it stands. Rev. Mr. McConnel, of Youngstown, Ohio, proposed the formation of " a Praying League,  to be composed of all who are interested in this movement, to covenant together to offer a prayer at the noon hour, wherever they may be, every day till our prayer is answered in the abolition, of the liquor traffic, and till this nation is made God's kingdom." The proposition was heartily endorsed by the con-vention, and Mr. McConnel was given charge of the concern. Thursday evening, the closing meeting, Sec-retary Weir occupied in giving the account of his Southern trip. It began February 24 and closed May 11. During this time he deliv-ered 42 addresses, visited 7 States, traveled 2,800 miles, addressed 7,700 people, collected $157.07, and held 103 interviews, three of which were with the governors of North Caro-lina, South Carolina, and Georgia. The others were with preachers, professors, officials of Woman's Christian Temperance Unions, and editors. Meetings were held in 6 churches of different denominations. Out of the 42 meet-ings 24 were in these churches; some were even union National Reform meetings. In Raleigh, N. C., the Methodists and Presby-terians united. He gave addresses in 16 edul rational institutions, 9 of which were colored, and he never had, he said, more attentive listeners. His reception throughout was cor-dial. "Never," said he, " was I better treated than by the people of the South. All denom-inations, every one of them, all gave a hearty welcome to the cause of National Reform." He only met three people who flatly opposed National Reform, and all three were ministers. Mr. Weir described the outlook as most promising. He said: "Any man can take National Reform principles and carry them safely and satisfactorily all through the South. In Atlanta, among all the leading people, there was no need to explain National Reform. They understand it, and are ready to join hands with us. I believe it is going to be a walk-over in the South. A confederate brigadier said, I am a Southerner, was a confederate soldier, a secessionist. But all that is past now, and I am ready to join hands with you at once.' And nine out of every ten will do the same thing." Mr. Weir then closed with the impressive appeal: "Don't we see in this our opportu-nityŠan opportunity such as seldom comes to any cause? It will have a welcome every-where. Don't we see how it will build for the unity of the nation? Don't you see in this the unifier of this nation? Some say prohi-bition will unite them, but this it is that is to do it." And we could not possibly say but that it is true. We have not space for any further comment, but only to remark, that in view of these plain statements of fact in the progress of the National Reform movement in a single yearŠall given in sober earnest, and none with any air of extravagance nor of bragga-docioŠhow much longer shall the movement have to prosper so, how much longer will it have to grow, before the American people will awake to the fact that the National Reform movement, which bears in its train the union of Church and State, with all the evils that  accompany such an illicit connection, is on the eve Of a fearful success? How long shall the AMERICAN SENTINEL have to stand alone amongst the journals of the nation in point-ing out the dangers that threaten religious liberty in this land of freedom? How long? A. T. J. What Is the Remedy? AN appreciative reader of the SENTINEL, in Hamilton County, New York, who says that he has read the SENTINEL from the first of its publication, and has also read everything that he could get hold of on the National Reform side, sends us the following clipping from the New York Times, as an indication of the great straits to which men in high positions are driven "in order to avoid the show of religious persecution in the enforcement of the Sunday law : "Š SUNDAY LAW FOR JEWS. " J. P. Solomon, the editor of the Hebrew Standard, recently wrote to the mayor regard-ing the enforcement of the Sunday law against those Hebrews who kept Saturday as the Sabbath. In his response the mayor says :Š " The Sunday law has been the subject of judicial construction, and it has been decided that it is not based upon religious principles, but upon public policy, and that it is to be observed by all citizens without regard to condition or religious belief. It does not deny to any portion of our citizens the right to observe the Sabbath-day, and it does not compel them to do so. It merely provides that one day in seven shall be a day of rest, and inasmuch as that day cannot be made to suit everybody, a day is selected which suits the majority. Doubtless this inflicts a hard-ship upon the minority, but under our theory of government it is a hardship which cannot be avoided. . . . The remedy is for these citizens, whom you regard as unoffending, to obey the law which will give them immunity from arrest. I can assure you in conclusion that I have a great respect for the rights of conscience, but if the doctrine were once ad-mitted that the law is to give way to every man who puts in the plea of conscience, the law would become a nullity.'" Dr. Franklin said that it is a very conven- ient thing to be a reasonable creature, "since it enables one to find or make a reason for every- thing one has a mind to do." There is not the slightest doubt but that any good Catholic could demonstrate to his own satisfaction the reasonableness of attending mass every Sun- day, and if the majority of the people.of the United States were Catholics, they could com-pel the minority to conform to their custom ; but in such case the rights of conscience would be outraged, although not more than in the enforcement of Sunday rest upon those who do not believe in it. Mayor Hewitt admits that the enforcement of the Sunday law will necessarily inflict a hardship upon the minority who observe Sat- urday, but he says: "Under our theory of government it is a hardship which cannot be avoided." With all respect for his honor, we must say that that statement indicates a very slight knowledge of our theory of government. Has he never read the Declaration of Inde-pendence? Does he not know that that dec-laration, which made us a nation, and of 