JULY 30, 1896. 237 and Sabbath Herald, the denominational organ of the Adventists, had an editorial article upon this subject which we reprinted at the time, but from which we now make the following extracts:Š Every person has a right to work six days in every week, for the language of the commandment is, " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work." These words . . . confer upon mankind a God-given right, . . . beside which all opposing human au-thority becomes an absolute nullity. But the language of the commandment imports something more than a mere permission to labor upon six days of the week. It imports something in the nature of an obligation. . . . Six days of the week are left to be devoted to man and his tem-poral interests, but the seventh day is- the Lord's Šthe day upon which he rested, and which he blessed and sanctified. This day must therefore be kept distinct and separate from all other days, and of course the means for doing this must not be likewise employed in behalf of other days, or the distinction would be lost. . . . The observ-ance of the commandment by rest upon the seventh day would be nullified by the like rest upon the other day. It is absolutely essential, therefore, that the six working days should be kept distinct in character from that day which God has set apart for himself. But the impropriety of resting upon both the sev-enth and first days of the week does not stop here; for .the first day is a rival Sabbath. Peculiarly of-fenSive to God, therefore, must any act be which is an acknowledgment of the claims of this false sabbath to the sanctity and reverence due his own day. In what other way could such observance of the first day, by one who knew its claims to be false, be taken, but as an insult to the Creator ? In what other way could the Creator himself regard it ? The person who refrains from labor upon the first day of the week, thereby acknowledges either the claims of the day, or the authority of the power which seeks to enforce-such rest. He may not " keep ", the day as the Sabbath day should be kept, according to the spirit of the Sabbath commandmentŠhis observ-ance of it may be one of form only ; but this in the eyes of others at least, is an observance of the day, for only each individual can examine the thoughts and intents of his own heart. The eyes of the world around us can not, or at least, do not, penetrate beyond the letter of our Sab-bath observanceŠthe outward refraining from labor; this is all, therefore, that can be asked of any one in enforcing Sunday observance. This also is all that the authors of the first-day sabbath ever asked as that which should constitute its observance. Sunday was never blessed, sanctified, and made holy; as a rival to the true Sabbath, it is sufficient that the religious-world should be induced to rest and attend religious worship upon that day instead of on the seventh day. The edicts which gave rise to Sunday observance never commanded anything more; nor is anything more exacted by the apostate church which has ever been the especial guardian of the day. Every intelli-gent person knows that the Roman Catholic Church does not demand of its members the observance of Sunday in the spirit of Isa. 58:13. . The Catholic Church does not demand Sunday ob-servance as an act of worship to God, but as an act of homage to itself; and as such it is an act in the high-est degree offensive to God. It lowers his Sabbath before the world to a level with the spurious, rival sabbath which is of satanic origin. It nullifies en-tirely the act of resting upon the preceding seventh day. To worship God, and an antiehristian power also, is to worship the latter power alone. God demands that we should worship and serve him always, and him only. The devil is satisfied to let us serve God part of the time and himself the rest of the time, well knowing that we are thereby serving him all the time, and God not at all. We do not think also that any person can afford to surrender, under such circum-stances, his right, before mentioned, to six days of secular employment in every week. He who surren-ders a God-given right in obedience to an arbitrary demand by any earthly power, merely as an act of homage to itself, makes himself a slave. We think therefore that it should be a matter of conscience with all observers of the true Sabbath, not to comply with the demand to rest on the first clay of the week. This is put very mildly, but it is none the less positive; it expresses the view of the de-nomination upon the subject, and should set-tle at once and forever the question of how Adventists regard the claims of the fourth commandment. Of course it is not a matter of Which the courts can properly take cogni- zance, for to do so would be to become judges of the consciences of that people; but the fact does show most conclusively that Sunday laws do at least interfere with the religious rights of the Adventists, by requiring of them a service which they cannot conscientiously render. This is in addition to the hard- ship of being deprived of one-sixth of the time divinely allotted to them for work. WHAT ROME IS DOING. BY H. F. PHELPS. SOME years ago, when Archbishop Ireland was only a bishop, he was credited with say-ing: " We can have the United States in ten years; and I want to give you three points for your consideration: The negro, the Indians, and the public schools." It was thus that the bishop avowed himself in sym-pathy with the purposes and ambitions of Rome to become the subjugator of our free institutions, dominating them to our ruin. Time passed by with the coming and going of days and years. The bishop became an arch-bishop of a diocese in the great and growing West. To-day, Mr. Ireland is regarded by the masses as a progressive, liberal-minded, true American; a man that is in perfect accord with the principles guaranteed by the national Con-stitution. All these years Rome has pursued the object of her ambition with relentless purpose. In 1893, Mr. Ireland is accredited with saying: " The Roman pontificate to day be-fore governments and peoples is invested with high prestige and moral power, unknown to it for years. The church is out upon the broad world, felt, esteemed, and listened to as she has not been for centuries. Whole nations are saved." Does this include our nation ? Does he mean that this nation is saved to the Catholic Church, and that it is now a Roman Catholic Christian nation ? Certainly that is the thought he intends to convey; for it was on Feb. '29, 1892, that the Supreme Court of the nation rendered a decision that'" this is a Christian nation; " referring to Catholic documents, signed by Ferdinand and Isabella, both Catholics and supporters of the Spanish Inquisition, as proof of the position. And almost immediately, Dr. O'Gorman, of the Catholic University at Washington, D. C., seized upon the same argument, (and with reason too; for if it proves the one it also proves the other), and said this was a Catho-lic Christian nation. And Monsignor Satolli was at once upon the ground to make this a Catholic nation to all intents and purposes, to compel the attention of the Government. And so, of course, Mr. Ireland could truth-fully say: " The Roman potificate to-day be-fore governments and peoples is invested with high prestige and moral power; " including the United States; for he does not say that Rome is before a part of the governments and peoples, for evidently all have made their obeisance to that church. It was in that same year, 1893, at the jubilee of Cardinal Gibbons, that Archbishop Ireland spoke of the union of the Roman Catholic Church and this Government in no disguised terms, as follows: "I preach the new, the most glorious crusade. Church and age! Unite them in mind and heart, in the name of humanity, in the name of God. Church and age! . . . Mgr. Satolli, the church, and the age. Rome is the church; America is the age." Of course, in his mind, " Rome is the  church," for according to Rome, there is no other church. And as "America is the age," this means to unite them, in order that Rome may " put forth all her native energies, un-restricted and untrammeled." And when the church 'can do this, is not that union complete ?- Now notice the following of the present year. June 19, 1896, Archbishop Ireland ad-dressed the graduates of the Chicago De La Salle Institute, in which he said : " The Catholic Church in America is free, free to act, free to be herself, and to put forth all her native energies, unrestricted and untram-meled." This was an utter impossibility so long as the Government stood as our fathers made it. But in that act of the Supreme Court declaring in favor of general Christian-ity, was found the pivot upon which the Government was turned back into the lap of Rome, and now " the Catholic Church in America is free . . . to put forth all her native energies," because, forsooth, this is a Catholic Christian nation! And what are those "native energies" ? Let the history of the Dark Ages, the history of St. Bartholomew, and of the Spanish In-quisition, make answer. And let the people beware of this unlawful union, for it bodes only evil to this nation. But Archbishop Ireland says further: "The Catholic people in America are free, enjoying all the rights and privileges accorded to American citizens, and suffering no loss from the open and consistent profession of their faith. The freedom which is allowed to the Catholic people in America, is simple natural justice . . . for which we may well be grateful to our country." This is a most wonderful admission in the light of all past history; and in the light of Spain, Mexico, and the South American States -of to day. It is either an utter re-pudiation of the acts of that church in all her history, past and present; or else it is equal to saying that this church did not in the past, and does not now, in all these countries, rec-ognize these " rights and privileges" as being "simple natural justice," and as "a precious boon " to be enjoyed by others where that church dominates in civil affairs. But she boasts, " Rome never changes," and, " What she has done for other countries, she will do for the United States." J. W. LEWIS RELEASED. [As appears from the following letter to the SENTINEL from the scene of the Sunday pros-ecutions in Tennessee, the imprisoned Ad-ventist, J. W. Lewis, is now at liberty. It appears that the sheriff and clerk of the court in which-Mr. Lewis was sentenced last March, did not know the law which proportions the term of imprisonment to the amount of fine and costs, and this point having been investi-gated by the editor of the SENTINEL, it trans-pired that Mr. Lewis has served about one month beyond the legal limit of his sentence. The discovery has occasioned much embarrass- ment to some of the court officials. s.11 Tiptonville, Tenn., July 21. AMERICAN SENTINEL: J. W. Lewis, who was imprisoned here March 14 for violating the Sunday law, was released to-day at noon. Investigation showed that Brother Lewis served nearly thirty days over his time. As is quite generally known there were two indictments against him. One amounted to $24.65, the other to $15.06. The judgments and costs in both cases were $39.71. 