96 A.TKIEJECIC.AN  gIT,Nrr VoL. 8, No. 12. NEW YORK, MARCH 23, 1893. In sending money to the AMERICAN SENTINEL, remit by Post Office money order, registered letter, or by draft on New York, at our risk. We can not be responsi-ble for money sent through the mails with-out registration.. Do not fail to read, " True to Their Principles," printed on page ninety-two. It is a protest by the Seventh-day Advent-ists against religious legislation on their own behalf in Tennessee. "THE Fifty-second Congress, which ex-pired by limitation on March 4, will not be remembered," says the Observer of this city, " as a body of great accomplish-ments." This is a cruel and ungrateful thing, for a paper which has all along advocated Sunday closing, to say of the first National Religious Congress of the United States. A DISPATCH to the New York Times, states that there is a religious war in Columbus, Ohio, between a Protestant faction and the Catholics over elections to the school board. The American Protect-ive Association, representing Protestants, will undertake to control the election next month. This association has been de-nounced by Dr. Washington Gladden. A CORRESPONDENT of the Boston Pilot, writing of the Catholic Congress to be held in Chicago early in September, says : Although the Catholic Congress, which is to be the first of the religious congresses, stands upon a basis of its own and claims for itself absolute inde-pendence of all of them, being the rightful suc-cessor of the Baltimore Congress, and projected before the series of World Congresses was planned or even thought of, it has also a place among the various congresses, and will therefore attract the attention, not only of Catholics, but of people of all creeds, and this in a far greater degree than did even the Congress held in Baltimore in 1889. The week beginning September 4 will, it is ex-pected, be exclusively and distinctively " Catholic week." Chicago, during that week, will present a remarkable spectacle,Š in the words of a rabid Methodist preacher, it will undoubtedly appear that the whole population has "gone over to Rome." Such an opportunity of placing itself fairly and squarely before the American people has never before been offered to the Catholic Church of America. And that opportunity will be utilized to the fullest extent. The remarkable activity of the Catho-ics and their rapidly increasing popularity are certainly ominous. IN Our Day, for March, Mr. Crafts makes this confession :Š We observe with shame that scarcely any peti-tions are now going to Congress in regard to the exclusion of liquors [from the World's Fair], al-though this was asked by the great evangelical national bodies, representing forty millions of our population, and the Catholic Total Abstinence So- ciety besides, and could be carried to victory like the Sabbath closing if the action of national bodies should be followed up by a snow-storm of letters to senators and congressmen. Mr. Crafts' shame is not without reason, and yet it is probably not nearly as deep as it should be. For years the " great evangelical national bodies," as Mr. Crafts styles them, have been professing great concern for the temperance cause, but they have never showed their faith by their works. The liquor traffic is con-fessedly the greatest evil that threatens our country, but the energy of the churches has never been directed to fighting it. When, however, an unintentional slight was about to be put upon the Church by opening the World's Fair on Sunday, a day dedicated to religion not by divine authority but by the Church, Congress was overwhelmed by petitions and letters demanding action for the protection of their darling institution. But the most impassioned appeals fail to rouse the churches against the drink evil! THE Colorado Sun, of February 5, has this pertinent paragraph :Š One of the fundamental principles upon which this Government was established, was the entire separation of Church and State. This means something more than that there shall be no church recognized and supported by the State. It means that the State shall never legislate for the indorse-ment, maintenance and enforcement of the doc-trines or requirements of any church merely be-cause they are such. It means that the State shall never embody in its laws the rules and ordinances of any system of religion simply because they claim or even possess the divine sanction. This is quite true, for Government can, of right, have nothing to do with divine sanctions. Governments are instituted for the securing of natural rights, not for the defining of moral duties. A CORRESPONDENT writes from Grand Island, Florida, of the intolerant spirit manifested at that place in reference to the teachings of the Seventh-day Advent-ists. A minister of that denomination has been holding meetings there for sev-eral weeks, which aroused the Methodists to call some of their ablest ministers from other parts of the State and make appoint-ments to refute the scriptural doctrine as it had been presented. When the Sev-enth-day Adventist announced that he would review these Methodist ministers, there appeared the next morning, on the bulletin board, in the village post-office,Šthe most public notice that could have been given,Šthe following :Š We, a organized White Caps of Grand Island, hereby notify the Rev. Mr. Crisler, to leave this place by next Monday morning, or stand the conse-quences which shall surely follow. Take heed lest you be caught. SECRETARY OF W. C. CLUB. This is the same style and form of ad-dress with which R. M. King, of Ten-nessee, was favored before and during the pending of his different trials for Sunday labor. In his case the arrest and persecu-tion was at the instigation of members of  the Methodist Church. Some of those actively connected with the persecution in Henry County, Tenn., are also Method-ists. ,Is it possible that such things as these meet with the approbation 3f the Methodist denomination at large ? It is not on record yet that any Seventh-day Adventist has been intimidated by these threats. Mr. Crisler himself says : I shall review Dr. Anderson to-morrow night, and if I can not use the house, the services will be held outside in the woods. The weather is warm here now so that this can be done. I do not ap-prehend any trouble; yet we do not know what may occur. One thing is certain, we are here in the work of the Lord and his interests are our interests, and if he chooses to have us suffer for his sake, then we want to suffer. These seem to be the words of a servant of God. Would it not be well for those professedly Christian persecutors to stop and consider lest they be found to fight Against God. IT is a strange idea that some people have that civil law is based upon the Dec-alogue, and that though the State has no right to define or enforce religious obli-gation, it is not only its right but its duty, to legislate upon that portion of the divine law that defines social duties. The fact is that civil rights and a practical recognition of them long antedate the giving of the law upon Mount Sinai. In-alienable rights are God-given, and the inherent sense of them is God-implanted; so that it was always true, as set forth in the Declaration of Independence, that " it is a self-evident truth that all men are created equal ; " and " that they are en-dowed by their Creator with certain un-alienable rights." ANY mother of little children sending a list of twenty young mothers to the Kindergarten Literature Co., Woman's Temple, Chicago, will receive a copy of the beautiful new Kindergarten magazine for children, called Child-Garden. It is the most practical magazine in the nur-sery. $1 per year. Battle Creek Sanitarium Health Foods THE unequalled health foods manufactured by the Sanitarium Health Food Company are neither made nor sold by others than their authorized agents. The Rural Health Retreat, St. Helena, Cal., is authorized to manufcture our Granola and most of our other health foods for the Pacific Coast. The Union College is authorized to manu-facture Granola in Lincoln, Neb., and to supply members of the Seventh-day Adventist Conference living in that State. Our Granola and other spe-cial health foods are not manufactured by any other parties. SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO. Battle Creek, Mich. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Slagle copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 25 to to  9924 5 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c. " 41 16 44 100 to 249 250 to 499 500  to 999 " " " " " " " " 41 - - - 70e. 44 44 14 4/ 44 " - - 65c. 1000 or more 41 64 61 66 . _ - 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 