THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 29 schools. In St. Louis, also, under their model Missouri Constitution, the Bible has been ex-cluded from the schools. We might thus go through the whole list of subjects which they make prominent in their work; but these are enough to expose the sophistry of the National Refbrm advocates. Therefore, if it be true that, on the subject of religion, the Constitution of Ohio means just what the proposed Religious Amendment to the National Constitution means; if in that there is "all there is in this," then it is positively proven that when they shall have secured their Religious Amendment to the United States Con- stitution, a pronounced unbeliever in the Chris-tian religion," a man who is " well known to favor the abolition of all vestiges of Christian usages from the administration of government," Šin short, a man who is opposed to every prin-ciple which they advocate, may be president of the great nation of the United States. Under their religiously amended Constitution, the Bible may be excluded from all the schools in the land. Then, too, politics may be just as corrupt everywhere as they are now in Ohio. Where, then, will there be any practical difference be- tween the workings of government under the amended Constitution, and those workings un- der the Constitution as it now is? None at all. If then they mean what they said at Cincinnati, where lies the efficacy of their movement? Ahl there is the point; they do not mean at all what they said by Mr. Mayo, at Cincinnati. They know that the Ohio Constitution does not sub- stantially include every idea which they pro-pose to place in the national charter. They know that that is not 'fall there is in this thing." Says the Christian Statesman of November 1, 1883:Š "An acknowledgment of God does not of itself impose any restraint on the conscience, nor fix a single law requiring obedience. We have it in our State Constitutions, and it has little or no force. It would be complimentary, but not itself binding. . . . But we do not stop here. This is simply the foundation for an imposing structure. These principles are only premises, the conclusion is yet to come, and it has this dangerous character of the syllogism, that the conclusion must come, and come with invincible power." And what is the conclusion? This:Š "That such changes with respect to the oath of office, and all other matters, should be intro-duced into the body of the Constitution as may be necessary to give effect to these amendments in the preamble."Šilfemorial to Congress, in 1864. Exactly; and'one of the very first changes that will have to be introduced into the body of the Constitution to give effect to the Christianized preamble, will bo to so alter the First Amend-ment that Congress shall make laws establish- ing religion, and prohibiting the free exercise thereof; and the Sixth Article will have to be changed so that religious tests shall be required as qualification for office. But in the almost endless discussion that will necessarily arise in regard to the Changes with respect to the oath and all other matters, where shall the final decisions bo made upon what changes shall, or shall not be made? By what shall these questions be tested? That is easily enough discovered; here is the wonderful touch- stone that is to detect all false legislation and prove the true. "The churches and the pulpits have much to do with shaping and forming opinions on all moral questions, and with interpretations of Scripture on moral and civil, as well as on the-ological and ecclesiastical points; and it is probable that in the almost universal gathering of our citizens about these, the chief discus-sions and the final decisions of most points will be developed there. Many nations shall come, and say, Come and let us go up to the mount-ain of the Lord, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths; for the law shall go forth of Zion.'" Again:Š " We will not allow the civil Government to decide between them [the churches] and to or-dain church doctrines, ordinances, and laws."ŠStatesman, Feb. 21, 1884. To be sure, the united churches are ." Zion; " "the law shall go forth of Zion;" "the final decisions will be developed there," and "WE will not allow the civil Government" to do this or that. And when the churches as one body, under the title of the National Reform Associa-tion, shall have reached that place where they can say in the plenitude of their power, " We will not allow the civil Government" to do so and so, there will be no single element lacking to the perfect union of Church and State. How-ever often they may declare by word that their movement does not contemplate such a union, all their affirmations and re-affirmations in de-nial cannot hide the evidence of their works, nor disprove the fact that the National Reform Association affects to render the ecclesiastical "independent of, and superior to, the civil power," in this Government. A. T. J. Have Infidels any Rights? THEY who have heard the "National Re-formers " speak, or have read their writings, know full well that they wish to have our Gov-ernment so changed as to deny the rights of citizenship to infidels. First, they shall be declared ineligible to' office in the proposed "Christian" Government, and secondly, they will necessarily be disfranchised. This leads us to ask, in all sincerity, if infidels have any rights. The Saviour, in his " sermon on the mount," taught that the,  perfection of Christian charac-ter is found in disinterested and universal be-nevolence. We are to be "perfect even as our Father in Heaven is perfect," who " maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust." See Matt. 5 : 43-48. Were we going to answer our own query as to whether infidels have any rights, we should say that it depends altogether on the relations covered by the question. In the church they have no rights; in our religious systems they have no rights. On this point there can be no dispute. In the church the infidel would be out of his place; he has no rights there--he has no right to be there. By all means keep the infidel out of the church. And as the church has jurisdiction only over its own mem-bers, it has no jurisdiction over infidels. To the church is committed the power and duty to exercise discipline, but in the exercise of this  power it has no authority or right to go outside of its own membership. But the infidel has a right to live. He was born in his fallen condition, for no one is born a Christian. "Ye must be born again," are the words of Christ to all. The disabilities of the infidel he inherited from our common birth-hood. And we may not deny him a place in the Creator's domain because he does not, as well as we, appreciate the responsibilities of his position. We all "were by nature the children of wrath, even as others," and it is only by divine grace that we differ from others. He has a right to acquire the means of living. This necessarily attends upon the right to live. No avenue to business, to the acquisition of property, should be shut up against him be-cause he is an infidel. He has a right to family privileges. As a son of Adam he has a right to that institution given to the father of the raceŠto Adam. We cannot agree with the Catholic Church, which makes marriage a Christian ordinance or sacra-ment, for marriage is older than the Christian church older than Christianity. That which the Creator gave to the father of the race be- longs to the race, and not alone to any class. He has a right to social privileges. He and his family are not to be ostracized because of his unbelief. In the neighborhood, in ordi- nary transactions of life, all stand on an equality. And it follows of necessity that he has rights in the Government. He has an interest in the proper administration of Government equal to that of any other man. He has the same in- terest to be protected in his right to. "life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness." He pays taxes to the Government even as others, and has the same right to Government protection that others have. His ability and his judgment in business transactions, and in matters of civil Government, are not to be disputed, nor should they be scorned because of his unbelief. He often has these desirable qualities in a far higher degree than has his Christian neighbor. On this subject we commend the following words of Macaulay to the candid consideration of all:Š "All civil disabilities on account of religious opinions are indefensible. For all such disabil-ities make Government less efficient for its main end; they limit its choice of able men for the administration and defense of the State; they alienate from it the hearts of the sufferers; they deprive it of a part of its effective strength in all contests with foreign nations. Such a course is as absurd as it would be in the gov-ernors of a hospital to reject an able surgeon because he is a Universal Restitutionist, and to send a bungler to operate because he is per-fectly orthodox." But we must not be surprised that these self-styled National Reformers are ready to deny the infidel these rights; to deny them is a le-gitimate consequence of the course they are pursuing, for they have always been denied where Church and State were united. And more than this, they are not only denied to infidels, but to all Christians who dissent f'rom the faith of the dominant party. It was so when the church of Rome_ became fully allied to the secular power. It was so in New England to just the extent that the Church and the State were al. 