204 AMERICAN SENTINEL. seventh day than on the first. But of course the sev-enth-day people do not need any protection against such_things! Not that they-are differently constituted from other people, but they observe the seventh day instead of the first, and therefore their interests don't need to be considered! The minority don't need pro-tection against the majority; it is only the majority that must be protected against the minority! Such are some of the principles involved in this agitation for the legal protection of Sunday. The seventh-day people ask for no "protection" for their rest on the seventh day, and feel no need of any; and the Sunday people, in ask-ing this for their day, only expose the weakness of their cause. Labor Troubles in Chicago. SIGNS are not wanting which show plainly that Chi-cago is in all probability destined soon to be the scene of serious labor troubles. There is a growing bitterness between capital and labor here, and both parties to the controversy are ac-tively engaged endeavoring to gain some advantage. Of course one cannot believe all the reports that are current, but it is said that sales of arms and ammu-nition usually light during the winter season have been unusually heavy. "In this circumstance," remarks an evening paper, "many persons are beginning to foresee preparations for an outbreak such as preceded the an-archist riots of 1886." Some dealers attribute these increased sales to the general "good times," while on the other hand atten-tion is called to the fact that the "good times" that have brought about such a demand for weapons and explosives have been felt particularly since the early part of the year, when trouble began to brew between employers and employees in many lines of industry. Another significant fact is the increased activity of the avowed anarchists. Evidently they are only wait-ing their opportunity which they expect to find in the gigantic strike, which, judging from all appearances, is very soon to be inaugurated here. A prominent representative of labor from another State, who visited Chicago a few days since, said in a recent interview: "A spark dropped there [in Chicago] might precipitate a condition for which we do not want to be held responsible. Every nation and every grade is represented. We have not forgotten the 'black road' riots of 1886. Those people are organizing, but we have nothing to do with it." In short, the whole situation is summed up by a morning paper in these words:Š "Representatives of both sides admit that the situ-ation is critical. They say that no labor trouble in Chicago since the great railroad strike of 1894 has been so widespread or so replete with elements of danger." C. P. B. A Victim of the Labor Trust. THE following letter recently received illustrates the fact that despotism is not all, on one side in the conflict between labor and capital; and the "trust" evil is not confined to the side of wealth. There is a "labor trust" among the other numerous combines of this character, and the tyranny of this trust is quite as marked as in the trusts controlled by wealth:Š "EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: I was mining coal a year ago, and as crop time came on I rented some corn ground near the coal mine, about twelve miles from home and went back and forth every week; therefore I took no change of clothes. The miners' federation had a rule that if any one died each miner would have to go to the funeral or be fined one dollar. Instead of check-ing off the dollar they came to me and wanted me to sign a contract that I would sanction the rules of the federation. I told themŁ that their rule was wrong, that it would be taking my rights away from me; that they could check off the dollar if they wanted to as a fine, but I would not sign the contract. "Matters went along thus for about two, weeks. The coal company said they would see that I got work; but when they saw that to keep me they might have to close the mine, they let me go. The miners said they would not bear with me any longer. "Now as the miners are organized all over the United States, I have not the privilege of working in the mines. The labor trust is a power in the earth. "The Constitution says that every man is created with equal right to life, liberty and happiness; but we see that the principles of free government are being repudiated by the people. "Respectfully, "LEWIS4  SA MERMAN. "Farnsworth, Ind., March 12. Locomotive Engineers and Firemen on Sunday Work. THE following statements by locomotive engineers and firemen, regarding their attitude toward the move-ment for the suppression of Sunday work, are published in The Defender, the organ of the "New England Sab-bath Protective League." They certainly do not sus-tain the impression generally sought to be given by agitators for Sunday enforcement, that railway em-ployees are all anxious for the success of the Sunday enforcement crusade:Š " There is a certain amount of Sunday work that is necessary; for example, the transportation of perisha-ble goods, and probably a majority of the men would prefer to work Sunday and obtain the pay for it; but there hasibeen so much Sunday work lately that many are getting a little tired of it. Theoretically, no man having conscientious scruples against Sunday work is required' to work, but there is an unexpressed feeling that it would not do a man any particular good if he 