AMERICAN SENTINEL. 123 facts in the case, it follows that it is right; and therefore the Utah legislature should so recognize it and make laws in conformity." This is the doctrine that the United States Govern-ment is asked to accept in the proposed "Christian 'Amendment" to the Constitution. By that amendment, the Government would be bound to enforce by civil pen-alties all that is commanded in the Word of God and not repealed. And as the Bible leaves no side of human life and duty untouched, but covers all by its precepts, the Government, having passed the amendment, would merely have to consider theological questions as to what the Bible enjoins. And of course it would devolve on the theologians to say what a command of Scripture means, and whether it has been repealed, or is still in force. This would make of Congress an assembly of contending theologians? It is our impression that there is enough of such controversy in the country as it is. Proposed Sunday Law for California. THE following Sunday bill was introduced in the Cal-ifornia Legislature, by Mr. Emmons, of the Assembly, February 2 :Š " AN ACT " To AMEND THR PENAL CODE OF THIS STATE BY ADDING THREE SECTIONS THERETO, TO BE KNOWN AS SEC-TIONS 299, 300, AND 301, RELATING TO SUNDAY, AND THE OPENING OF CERTAIN PLACES OF BUSINESS ON THAT DAY. " The People of the State of California, represented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as follows:Š " SECTION 1. Three new sections are hereby added to the Penal Code of this State, to be known respectively, as sections two hundred and ninety-nine, three hundred, and three hundred and one, and to read as follows, to wit :Š " Section 299. Every person who, on the Christian Sabbath gets up, exhibits, opens, or maintains, or aids in getting up, exhibiting, opening, or maintaining, any bull, bear, cock, or prize fight, horse race, circus, gambling-house, or saloon, or any barbarous and noisy amuse-ment. "Section 300. Every person who keeps open on Sun-day any store, workshop, bar, saloon, banking house, or other place of business, for the purpose of transacting business therein, is punishable by fine not less than five nor more than fifty dollars. " Section 301. The provisions of the preceding section do not apply to persons who, on Sunday, keep open hotels, boarding-houses, barber shops, baths, markets, restaurants, taverns, livery stables, or retail drug stores, for the legitimate business of each, or such manufactur-ing establishments as are usually kept in continued oper-ation; provided, that the provisions of the preceding section shall apply to persons keeping openbarber shops, bath-houses, and hair-dressing saloons after twelve o'clock meridian, on Sunday." A correspondent writes us from Sacramento that this bill was placed 'in the hands of the Committee on Judi- ciary, instead of the Committee on Morals, because the clergy who are back of it discovered that the latter Com-mittee were not favorable to Sunday legislation. Over-Conscientious. BY W. E. CORNELL. IT is a remarkable coincidence that during the last year or so particularly, there has sprung up, not only in our own country, but in other lands as well, and even in the islands of the sea, a wonderful zeal on the part of Sunday observers for the preservation of the day from the inroads of Continentalism." It is really pitiful how frantic some of the appeals are, and what momentous consequences hinge on the success of their efforts in this direction. It is such a wicked thing for the laboring men of our large cities to take their families on the only day they are free, to the parks, the lakes, or any other place where a breath of fresh air can be secured, that these Sunday guardians would stop every railroad train, every street car, or other means of conveyance to these resorts. It reminds one of the time during the Dark Ages when men who showed signs of apostacy from the church were sacrificed in order to save their souls. However, these very zealous people have no compunctions of conscience in demanding of their kitchen girl that she do double duty on that day in preparing an extra fine "Sunday dinner," because they are to entertain the reverend so and so. They are too pious to read a Sunday newspaper, and would sup-press every one of them, yet if they be ministers, they are only too glad to use its' columns in which to make their announcements; and it is a notorious fact that the advertising columns of the Sunday issue of our dailies are more largely patronized by the,  church-going business men than any other issue of the week. There is so much hypocritical pious cant, such glar-ing inconsistencies and straining at gnats and swallow-ing camels in much of ,this effort, that it is not to be wondered at that it is receiving some merited satirical relhkes. A late issue of Judge puts it this way:Š "I hear that the Rev. Brother Thirdly has refused an increase of salary," said Mr. Gummy to Mr. Glanders. "Yes, that is true." "Rather remarkable thing, wasn't it? I never heard of a clergyman doing such a thing before." " Yes, his refusal was a strange thing in itself, but the reason he gave for his refusal was even more remark-able. '' What reason did he offer ? " "He said that his present income was quite sufficient for his wants, and that if he had an increase of salary he would have more than he could use conveniently. That would oblige him to put some of his money in the bank, where interest would be earned incessantly on his deposits, and he really couldn't think of letting his money earn interest on Sunday." We admire honesty of purpose in a man, even though 