_,Ł0',::ŁCsZakk41.44L  ' Chatham Jail, in which Three Adventist flinisters are Imprisoned,  "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD."  Vol. 11, No. 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 2, 1896. Price, Three Cents.    American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION IN ONTARIO. IN the county jail at Chatham, Ont., im-mured with common criminals, there lie to-day three victims of religious persecution,Šgood and upright men, and ministers of the gospel of Jesus Christ. As is usual in such cases, the persecution was conducted under cover of " due process of law." We who have thought that the enlightenment and progress of the nineteenth century had carried us beyond the era of persecution for conscience' sake, are called upon to face this fact and to ponder its meaning. That the case, is one of persecu-tion for religious belief, is clearly apparent from the nature of the charge brought against the prisoners and the circumstances attending their prosecution, of which the fol-lowing is an outline:Š During the summer of 1895, P. M. Howe and William Simpson, ministers of the Seventh-day Ad-ventist denomination, began a series of meetings in Darrell, a small town about five miles north of Chatham, Kent County, Ontario. They were joined later by Rev. Mr. Burrill, who had been in charge of the Adventist church at Selton. The success which attended their efforts aroused the antagonism of a neighboring de-nomination, and a minister of the latter was sent for to oppose the Adventists and put a stop to their work. He came and proceeded to advise that these men be driven from the province, alleging that they were traitors to the Queen, and aliens. The only specific charge, however, that he could truthfully make against them was that they did not keep Sunday. As a result of this effort, a church society  of young people was formed, to spy upon the Adventists and see if any work was done by them on Sundays. There is among the stat-utes of Ontario an ancient piece of legislation handed down with but slight alterations from the time of King Charles II., known as, the " Lord's Day Act," one section of which says:Š It is not lawful for any merchant, tradesman, arti-ficer, mechanic, workman, laborer, or other person whatsoever on the Lord's day, to sell oz publicly show forth, or expose or offer for sale, or to purchase, any goods, chattels, or other personal property, or any real estate whatsoever, or to do or exercise any worldly labor, business or work of his ordinary calling (con-veying travelers or her Majesty's mail, by land or by water, selling drugs and medicines, and other works of necessity and works of charity excepted). It was thought that under the provisions of this statute the work of the Adventists could be stopped by invoking the arm of the civil authority. On Sunday, the third day of November, one of these spies discovered Ministers Burrill, Simpson, and Howe at work making prepara-tions to lay the foundations of a church build-ing which it had been decided to erect for the accommodation of the Adventist believers. One was seen to, be slacking lime, another mixing mortar, and the other pouring water into a barrel. This was forthwith reported to the Sunday school, and at its close a dozen or more individuals proceeded to the spot, as one of them afterwards testified in court, " for  the purpose of witnessing." One of this number was deputed to go to Chatham to lay information against the ministers before an officer of the law. Attorney Douglass, Queen's Counsel, being visited, advised the prosecutors to wait, say-ing that the law in the case was not clear; and further to show his deprecation of the pro-posed action, addressed a letter to the people in and. about Darrell, to the same effect. The informers then went to Justice Forham, of Chatham, but he refused to issue a sum-mons, and upon being pressed to do 'so, replied that sooner than be a party to such proceed-ings he would resign his office. Not deterred by this set-back, the represen-tatives of the league bethought them of a magistrate in Ridgetown, twenty-two miles distant, who had sent to jail an Adventist named Matthews for the " crime" of cutting hay on Sunday; and to him they went. After a guarantee fund had been raised by the prosecution (Mr. Matthews' prosecutors had not yet paid their bill) the justice was will-ing to undertake the case, and the necessary papers were issued for the prosecution. A large crowd filled the court room on the day of the trial, De-cember 5, and made boisterous dem-onstrations of approval as each step was taken in the process of fastening conviction upon the prisoners. So plainly marked was the animus of religious intolerance in the pro-ceedings, as to elicit from leading citizens who were present, strong expressions of disapproval. Two grounds of defense were open to the prisoners under the statute. The accepted legal interpretation of the latter had made it applicable only to work of the nature of one's " ordinary calling," and in order to conform to this, the information laid against the de-fendants was amended in each case so as to specify " that he did exercise worldly labor, business, or work of 'one of his ordinary call-ings." This assumed that each defendant had more than one ordinary calling, and made it necessary to prove that these ministers of the gospel were engaged in their " ordinary callings" in the work done by them on Sun-day. Ł EDITORS. Ł ASSISTANT EDITOR. 