184 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Notes of the Week. THAT decidedly objectionable practice of "slumming," which, a few years ago, was quite a popular "fad," has just been revived in this city by a party of Yale students of theology. It is gratifying to read that they were "surprised" at the discovery that there were no "real slums" in New York ; that they paid twenty-five cents each for a bed in a down-town lodging-house, and the beds were clean, and the breakfast next morning was "substantial" in quality and well cooked. But the ques-tion still remainsŠwhat were these students of theology doing to help themselves to improve their characters as future spiritual guides of their fellowmen, to make the world better and purer and happier, by their Ł` slum-ming"? PERHAPS the "slumming" was of a mild order. Per-haps those under whose guidance the slummers were might have shown them many sights more repulsive than those clean beds,and taken them into many places where crowds of people manage to subsist on meals by no means substantial, or well cooked, and simply did not choose to do so. If this were the fact, they were truly kind to the young theological students. Nothing good ever yet came of clerical "slumming." There can be no manner of doubt that one of its direst results is "sensa-tionalism" in the pulpit. But the greatest objection to it is that it is usually the prelude to that interference by preachers ag preachers in the work of legislation and police management which constitutes one of the most objectionable manifestations of the union of Church and State, as it exists among us at the present time. * Or course, this interference is based on the idea that, somehow or other, men can be legislated into righteous-ness. Time seems to accomplish but little in the way of getting this notion out of the head of average mankind. The fact that the Master talked to individuals alone; that salvation and redemption are in their very essence matters which belong to the relation between each sep-arate soul and its Creator, and that neither the laws nor the force of the community can affect that relation in any manner or to any degree whatsoeverŠthis simple truth is ignored now to pretty much the same extent that it was ignored when the first union of the self-styled Christian Church with the State was consummated under the pagan Emperor Constantine. Clergymen who "slum" and follow their slumming by sensational activity in civil affairs, are the intellectual descendants of the bishops who persuaded the pagan emperor to enact the first Sun-day law. * WHATEVER the result of the Cretan complication, it is to be borne in mind that it will have nothing whatever to do with differences of religion. The "Powers," as they are called, will settle the matterŠprobably without war  Šon a political basis alone, and with reference to their own selfish interests. It is safe to say that neither the fact that the Cretans "profess and call themselves Chris-tians," while the Turks are of a different and a hostile faith, nor the real merits of the original controversyŠwhatever these last may beŠwill play any conspicuous figure in the final settlement of the matter. The " Sick man of Europe" has long lain at the mercy of these " Powers." They would have killed him years ago, if they could have agreed among themselves just how his, property ought to be divided up. Upon this point they seem as far from a common conclusion as they have ever been. But whether he is to owe a further prolongation of his existence to their inability to "come together" now, as in the past, or whether he is ultimately dismem-bered forever, benefit to Christianity may be an inci-dental outcome, but will form no part of the design. Christianity, as represented in modern statecraft, finds its expression in the blessings of battle-flags, and in profound thanksgivings for the slaughter of hostile armies, not in the application of the Golden Rule. * DiscussioN continues about the recent order of the commissioners of the District of Columbia, forbidding newsboys to cry the names of their papers in the streets of Washington on "the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." These commissioners are three of the most absolute despots that modern times have known. The people over whose conduct and property they exer-cise an arbitrary and capricious control have no voice whatever in their selection. They are appointed by the president, "by and with the advice and consent of the Senate of the United States." No amount of tyranny, no acts of wantonness, no abuse of their enormous power imperils their places, unless the strangers to whom they are indebted for their elevation choose to pay attention to their proceedings. It is surely an anomalous state of affairs. Here is a government "of the people, by the peo-ple, and for the people," this great United States, based on the principle of suffrage; here is a country which fought for and won its independence to vindicate the doc-trine that all civil authority derives its sanction and its exclusive sanction from the consent of those over whom it is exercised. And this unalterableprinciple, this undeni-able doctrine is ignored at the very capitol of the nation! Suffrage abolished, consent repudiated, irresponsible au-thority enthroned in Washington City! * * THE silly and cruel "regulation" in regard to the cry-ing of Sunday papers is only one of many petty outrages which the three arbitors of Washington's destiny have from time to time inflicted upon their fellow-citizens. One has to live in that unfortunate city fully to appreci-ate the opportunities these men have of annoying their " subjects," and the eagerness with which they avail themselves thereof. Nor is there any hope that this last -unnecessary and unwarrantable infringement upon the 