"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, JUNE 22, 1899. NUMBER 25. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. 11- Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE Sabbath is in the world to save men; not men to save the Sabbath. THE Sabbath, to be kept at all, must be kept holy, and as no human law can command holiness, no such law can promote or protect Sabbath-keeping.- Hence, even were Sunday the Sabbath, a Sunday law could be no barrier to Sabbath-breaking. SUNDAY laws overlook the fact that a man must be good on other days than the Sabbath in order to keep it. People who are not good on week days are very apt to be bad on the Sabbath, and certainly do not come up to the seventh day in any condition to remember it to keep it holy. THE Sunday-closing people want everybody and everything, good and badŠthe irreligious, the atheistic, the saloon, the theater and the gambling houseŠto keep the Sabbath. God wants nobody to try to keep the Sabbath before he is converted; and wants no evil thing to pretend to do homage to his day. There is no call for such places to be closed on the seventh day. IT Is the proper business of the Christian clergy to proclaim to the people, not condemnation, but reconcili-ation; not the power of human law for the punishment of the guilty, but the power of God for their salvation. THE nation has an Independence day, but this does  not matter nearly so much to you as the answer to the question 'whether you have one or not. Are you inde-pendent, and do you govern yourself? THE Christian life is lived not by depending upon the world, but by overcoming it. Christianity seeks no aid from any worldly source. ot ABRAHAM of old was obliged to leave "his country," and from the modern standpoint would not have ranked very high as a patriot. But he forsook his country that he might not forsake the right. And people who profess to be children of Abraham can be consistent only by doing as he did. They can be citizens of no country which has forsaken the right. They must be content to accept the name "pilgrim" in the place of "patriot." Why Celebrate the Fourth? THE "glorious Fourth" is celebrated as the anniver-sary of the day on which this country became indepen-dent of Great Britain. Independence was desired not because the seat of British government was the British Isles; it was desired not to secure a different location of the government, but a different government. The aim was not to establish a government on separate territory, but upon separate principles. Now that these separate principles have been aban-doned, what real propriety will there be in a celebration of Independence Day? Now that it is no longer held that all men are created equal, or that governments de-rive their just pOwers from the consent of the governed, why should we celebrate the anniversary of the day when those principles were announced to the world? But for the fact that Americans of that time held those princi_ pies, the Declaration of Independence would not have 