THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. 77 National Reformers succeed in changing the Constitution to suit their own ideas; for the Lord has- nowhere stated that he has chosen the-people of the United States as his own pe-culiar people. On the contrary, we are told that he is "no-respecter of persons; but in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh Ł righteousness, is accepted with bini." More- over the National Reformers themselves do not claim that in the proposed new order of gov- ernment God will himself appoint the rulers, for they expect that the rulers will be elected by the people, just as they are now. And they certainly are not so wild as to suppose that the rulers whom they may elect will be in personal connection with Heaven. Therefore while their proposed amendment will indeed be a union of Church and State, the union will not have the sanction of God, but will be an unlawful union. It will be in his sight adultery. By that un- lawful union the church will be in the condi-tion described in Rev. 18 : 1-3. But Mr. Sommerville continues:Š ." Civil rulers, then, are not sent to Rome or to Geneva, to Canterbury or Edinburgh, for in-formation whether an association claiming, to be the church, and presenting its creed, form of worship, and laws, is to be accepted; but, with all confidence, to the Word. There is no more difficulty pressing on the magistrate than on any other individual in determining what is to be his course, that he may honor the Sovereign at the head of his body, the church." _ This is in perfect accord with his idea that the State and the Church are to be identical, for he would have " an association claiming to be the church, and presenting its creed, form of worship, and laws" accepted by the civil rul- ers. True he says that the rulers should go to the' Bible to determine the proper creed, form of worship, and laws of the church that should be accepted by them, and says that the magis-trate would have no more difficulty in deter-mining his course in such a matter than any other individual; but when we consider how many differences of opinion there are on these points, even among those who profess to be led by the Spirit; we can see only one way in which a magistrate could solve the problem with ease, and that would be to accept and uphold the creed,, form of worship, and laws of that asso-ciation which elected him to his position. Mr. Sommerville proceeds: "Knowing then, the church, what is his [the magistrate's] duty respecting it?" and answers his question as follows:Š "It is the duty of civil rulers, in subordina-tion to Christ,, to recognize the church, its or-dinances, and its laws. It is not merely that the existence of such an organization is owned and tolerated, but a statutory arrangement, confessing the divine origin of the church, and the divine obligation resting on the Nation to accept its doctrine and order, and engaging to regulate their administration in conformity with its Constitution and object." This answer is plain enough even if it is not grammatically expressed. Civil rulers are to recognize the church, its ordinances, and its laws. This recognition, moreover, is not sim-ply an acknowledgement of the church's exist-ence, but is to take the form of a statutory arrangement to enforce the ordinances, and laws of the Church "in conformity with its Consti-tution and object." The meaning of this is  made still more clear by the writer. He says further in the same article:Š " Civil rulers owe it to their supreme Lord and to society to encourage and to stimulate the church in its work of faith and labor of love, and, when it may be necessary, to give pecun-iary aid to its ministers, that the gospel may be preached in every part of their dominions, and to all classes without respect of persons." And then he adds:Š " But shall we takeŠis it right to takeŠpub-lic money to teach principles, enforce laws, and introduce customs to which many members of the community are conscientiously opposed? Most certainly. The gospel from its very nat-ure is aggressive, contemplates the rectification of corrupt, disorderly, and degraded human nature, casts down every high thing that would exalt itself against the knowledge of God, and brings every thought into captivity to the obe-dience of Christ." The latter part of this last paragraph is emi-nently true. The gospel is indeed designed to purify corrupted, disorderly, and degraded human nature, and to bring every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ. And the church is the channel through which the design of the gospel is to be effected. But Mr. Sommerville says, as quoted above, that it is the duty of civil rulers to enforce the ordi-nances, and laws' of the church in conformity with its Constitution and object; which is equiv-alent to saying that it is the duty of the State to compel men to accept the gospel. In other words, what the church ought to do by persua-sion, Mr. Sommerville would have the State do by force. Note carefully the first part of the paragraph last quoted. Mr. Sommerville says that it is most certainly right to take public money to teach principles, enforce laws, and introduce customs to which many members of the com-munity ,are conscientiously opposed. This can mean nothing less than that according to Na-tional Reform principles it is right to compel people to accept customs to which they are conscientiously opposed, and to make them contribute the means for this purpose. For he does not say simply, that it is right to take pub-lic money to teach principles to which many members of the community may be conscien-tiously opposed; that might be endured; but he says that the State may enforce church laws and customs, in opposition to-the conscientious convictions of some of the citizens, provided, of course, it is only the minority that are thus opposed. But in any government the laws are enforced not upon one class of citizens but upon all; the law knows no difference in persons. Therefore we are justified in concluding that if Mr. SOmmerville and the Christian Nation are competent exponents of- National Reform doc-trine, that doctrine contemplates nothing less than the compelling of every individual in the United States to conform to ,one certain set of religious laws, customs, and usages. This can-not be endured by freemen. If in this article we have in any way misrep-resented "National Reform " we shall esteem it a favor if some of its devotees will tell us wherein. If we have-not, then it is as clear as the noonday sun that "National Reform" means a union of Church and State. National ,Re-formers cannot deny this conclusion without recalling their indorsement of the Christian Nation. E. J. W. A Precursor of National Reform. THE matter is stated in few words and is as follows: It seems that some Seventh-day Ad-ventists were holding meetings in Chicago. One of their preachers, Elder R. M. Kilgore de-livered a sermon on the National Reform move-ment, taking the same position in regard to it.  that the SENTINEL doesŠthat persecution for conscience' sake will inevitably follow the suc-cess of National Reform. In proof of this Mr. Kilgore states that already in Arkansas, Ten-nessee, and Pennsylvania, there has been perse-cution, even to fine and imprisonment, of mem-bers of that denomination for working on Sun-day after having conscientiously and religiously observed the seventh day according to the com-mandment of God. The sermon was printed in the Inter Ocean. Now the Christian Cynosure is also printed in Chicago, and its editor, President Blanchard, of Wheaton College, is one of the vice-presi-dents of the National Reform Association. The Cynosure found the sermon in the Inter Ocean, and as the preacher, it seems, had struck pretty close to home, the Cynosure, making the slight mistake of thinking the preacher a Seventh-day Baptist, commented upon the subject as follows, under the title of " A Sad Mistake Somewhere " :Š " Elder R. M. Kilgore (Seventh- day Baptist) is thus reported in the Inter Ocean, July 19: What is the significance of the NationalŁRe-form movement which is agitating our country from center to circumference? What is the aim of this great party? It is to unite Church and State. It is to change our Constitution so as to restrict the rights of conscience.' And further on: Already persecution has broken out in Arkansas, Tennessee and Pennsylvania, and those who worship God according to the teachings of God's word are suffering under this [Sabbath] law.' "The president of the National Reform As-sociation is Felix R. Brunot, understood to he an Episcopalian. There are some one hundred vice-presidents, more or less, of whom the edi,-tor of the Cynosure is one. Iishop Huntington is, and the late Bishop Simpson of the Metho-dist Episcopal church was another, and one hundred men could not be selected in the United States to whom the idea of Church and State,' the coercing of conscience by the civil law, would he more abhorrent than to the list of vice-presidents which have' for years been published in the organ of that body, which seeks a recognition of God as the author of civil government. And if there are Seventh-day Baptists now in jail, or fined, because, having kept Saturday as their Sabbath, they have refused to keep Sunday also, their names and the jails where they are confined should be published at once. "The American people have for years gone the length of tolerating Mormon Danites and polygamists, who practiced polygamy and as-sassination and called that religion; and will they punish, by fine and imprisonment, civil, orderly Christians who only differ from them as to the hours of Sabbath rest? Nothing could be more abhorrent to our Constitution than such persecution." When the Cynosure was issued which con-tained this, Mr. Kilgore happened to be in Ar- kansas, and he immediately answered the call of the Cynosure for names, etc., as follows, and his letter was printed in the Cynosure of Au- gust 12, 1886:Š " EDITOR Christian Cynosure: In your issue of 