2 A.IVIIT,Eiti (DAN SMIV'r INId.-  1,— VoL. 11, No. 1. such has been her influence with the nations of earth that almost every civilized State on the globe has incorporated into its statutes the papal dogma of Sunday sacredness. So far is our country from being an exception to this statement, that it has stood forth so prominently in this respect that this institu-tion is by many styled " the American Sab-bath." Notwithstanding the fact that in 1829 and 1830 the Congress of the United States adopted the Sunday Mail Reports, written by Hon. Richard M. Johnson, in which it was declared that if the Sunday act then demanded " should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession or how numerous the train of measures which [would] follow, involving the dearest rights of allŠthe rights of conscience." The Fifty-second Congress in its World's Fair legislation in 1893 took this dangerous step by interpreting the law of God, declaring in effect that the fourth commandment was not only binding upon all men and nations, but that it required the observance of the first day of the week. It is true that the Government has not been consistent in this matter, but it is plainly seen that the trend of public sentiment and of gov-ernmental policy is in the direction of show-ing greater honor to the Sunday institution; and in this the several States are not one whit behind the General Government. In fact, most of the States have for many years been committed to the defense of the Sunday dogma. What of the Future? What the present Congress will do it is of course impossible to tell; but indications are not lacking that it is ambitious to make a " reform " record. Already there has been introduced into both the Senate, and House, the joint resolution which we print on page 6; but even if adopted, this proposed amendment would add but little to what we already have in general;  orders, religious proc-lamations, the practice of employing chap-lains, State and national statutes, and judicial decisions. Judge Brewer's dictum of Feb. 29, 1892, that this is a " Christian nation," while theo-retically without force as law, has practically nullified that portion of the First Amendment which declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Being a " Christian nation," it follows that the " Christian " religion is the religion of the nation, and that its institutions are to be protected because they are " Christian." Such was probably the most potent argument (aside from threatened political boycott)' urged in behalf of the World's Fair Sunday-closing clause. But be this as it may, the trend of events in this country and in the world can-not be mistaken. Everywhere the Papacy is being exalted either in its own proper char-acter, or by the adoption of its institutions, dogmas and methods. fondly contradict themselves, by keeping Sunday strictly, and breaking most other feasts commanded by the same church, Q. How prove you that ? A. Because by keeping Sunday, they acknowledge the church's power to ordain feasts, and to command them under sin.Š" An Abridgment of the Christian Doctrine," by Rev. Henry Tuberviite; imprimatur, the Right Rev. Benedict, Bishop of Boston; Excelsior Catholic Publishing House, 5 Barclay St., New York, 1888, p. 58. This boycotting resolution, sent up to Congress from the " evangelical " churches in all parts of the country, after rescribing what was demanded of Congress in respect to the ord's Fair, runs as follows: "Resolved, That we do hereby ledge ourselves and each other, that we will from this time enceforth refuse to vote for, or support for any office or po-sition of trust, any member of Congress, either senator or rep-reSentative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind for the World's Fair, except On Conditions named in thelte reSo-UtionS.' But this occasions no surprise to the student of sacred Scripture, for it is plainly declared in Rev. 13: 8: "All that dwell upon the earth shall worship him [the Papacy], whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world." Obedience is the highest form of worship, and regardless of their profession, those who knowingly obey the command of the Papacy rather than the command of God, thereby worship the beast. It is the boast of Rome that " the observance of Sunday by the Protestants is an homage [worship] they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the [Roman Catholic] church."' The Papacy and Its Image. The beast, the Papacy, is a church clothed with civil power and therefore holding adul-terous connection with the nations of the earth. One of the symbols by which it is represented is that of a lewd woman. (See Rev. 17: 1-5.) It follows that any church forsaking the power of God and seeking the power of the State becomes papal in character, whether recognized as a part of the Papacy or not. Fourteen of the "evangelical " denom-inations of the United States, banding them-selves together in the American Sabbath Union,' have sought and obtained civil power for the furtherance of their ends, and the en-forcement of at least one of their dogmas,' namely, that of Sunday sacredness, Š the dogma to which, in preference to all others, as we have shown, the Papal Church appeals as the symbol of her power to "command men under sin." In thus imitating the Papacy and receiving power from the State instead of from her Lord, the professed Protestant church of America has inaugurated an American papacy, an image as it were of the Papacy of the pope. And against the worship of this image as well as against obeying the Papacy itself, the Scriptures give the solemn warning of Rev. 14: 9, 10. It is for the purpose of sounding this warning that the SENTINEL exists. We have never for a moment expected to prevent those things which are foretold in the Scrip-tures. Opposition may retard, but cannot finally avert that which the Word of God long since declared would come to pass. This country was settled and this nation established, we firmly believe, in the provi-dence of God, that it might be an asylum for the oppressed of all nations, and that here a purer church might be maintained and greater liberty to preach the gospel be enjoyed than was possible in any other quarter of the globe. But these privileges have not been appre-ciated, and misguided men, ambitious for their own aggrandizement and mistaking am-bition for religious fervor, have untiringly plotted for the overthrow of liberty of con-science in the supposed interests of the religion of Him who said to the impulsive Peter: " Put up thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." One after another of the constitutional guarantees of religious liberties have been and are being swept away, not indeed by direct 4 "Plain Talk about the Protestantism of To-day." by Mgr. Segur; Imprimatur, Joannes Josephus Episcopus, Boston; Thomas B. Noonan & Co., Boston, p. 213. a " So far as the writer knows," says Mr. Crafts, "there is but one among the State and national and international re-form societies that was officially organized by the churches; this one exception being the official institution, at his sug-gestion. of the American Sabbath Union, by fourteen evan-gelical denominations, through official votes at their national conferences."ŠPractical Christian Sociology, page 53. This fact was thus expressed by Dr. H. H. George after Congress had yielded to the demand of the confederated churches: "I have learned that we [the churches] hold the 'United States Senate in our hands." And if this he true cif the Senate, how much more so bf the Hauge. repeal, but by legislation subtly inconsistent with -our charters of liberty, State and na-tional, and by practices equally at variance with the spirit of our free institutions, and scarcely less sophistical than the legislatiou  TA-ferred to; and by judicial decisions based upon colonial history and royal charters rather than upon those guarantees of freedom of conscience by which the people of nearly every State have sought to make sure their liberties. The Sunday institution figures more largely in this assault on soul-liberty than any other papal dogma, because it is the test of loyalty to the Papacy, as the Sabbath is the test of loyalty to God. It is for this reason that we view with alarm every attempt to coerce men in this matter, and raise our voices in warn-ing against every forward step which is taken in the exaltation of this man-made institu-tion, this papal counterfeit of the Sabbath of the Lord. And so the SENTINEL will con-tinue in the future to uncompromisingly op-pose, as it has in the past, every step in the direction of a more perfect development of union of Church and State, which is bound up with and necessarily included in every statute and every judicial decision, andV71 governmental action designed in any ezo either enforce upon the people the obserance of any religious dogma, or which proln its in any manner the free exercise of religi u faith. The nation may not hear, the greiat mass of the people may not pause, apostNte Protestantism may not desist from her purse it of civil power; but individuals will heed t e warning and be saved in the kingdom of Go And to this end we labor. WILL THE " CHRISTIAN " NATIONS FIGHT ? Tins is the question that is now agitating many minds in all parts of the civilized world, and no one is able to give it a conclusive an-swer. Two great " Christian " nations have had a serious falling out, and one of them has threatened the other with a possible set-tlement of their differences by force of arms. Both are standing upon theirŠdignity, and announce that they are firmly resolved to maintain the same, by a careful avoidance of anything like a confession of being in the wrong. The situation was very generally discussed by leading clergymen in their Sunday ser-mons, Dec. 22, and a number expressed them-selves strongly concerning the unchristian spectacle which would be presented in the event of war. The Rev. Dr. John Hall, of the Fifth Ave. Presbyterian Church, New York, said that " nothing would cause more malignant satisfaction to the devil than the possibility of strife between two such great Christian nations as ours, and that with which we are most closely associated by ties of blood and kindred interests." Rev. Francis E. Mason, of Brooklyn, noticed that " the world is in a state of commotion and war. Even our own Congress, the Congress of an avowed Christian nation, is this moment considering the purchase of 2,000,000 rifles." And the Rev. L. A. Banks, of the same city, alluding to the idea of a forcible annexation of Canada, which would be an inevitable outcome of hos-tilities, inquired: " Has a nation any more moral right to steal a State than a private citizen to steal an overcoat or a watch?" He might also with equal pertinency have in-quired whether a nation has any more moral right than a private citizen has to kill people who stand in the way of its covetous or ambi-tious designs. It is pleasing to note that the leading oler- 