58 AMERICAN SENTINEL. When all who will, have thus been prepared by the kingdom of grace, then-  "the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all his holy angels with him," and "then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory." Matt. 25:31. " Christian Citizenship " can neither promote the kingdom of grace nor the kingdom of glory; it can neither prepare subjects for that kingdom nor enthrone its King. It can and does, promote hypocrisy. What its advocates need is the annointing of the Holy Spirit that they may know what this meaneth: "Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." Zech. 4 :6. A. F. B. Christian Citizenship. BY H. E. GIDDINGS. IF Christianity is to enter the realm of law, it must be an element in citizenship delegated by the citizen to the government. Then the citizens who have delegated this power have not only authorized the government to com-pel others to act as though they.were Christians; but have themselves consented to be controlled by,the gov-ernment in their religion as to belief and practice. And 'this not alone in some point that is in accord with their choice; but in all things. For, they establish the princi-ple that the government should -regulate religious affairs by law, and as the choice and consent of the citizen is determined by voting, the question of religion:is at once expelled from the individual conscience instructed by the word of God and guided by the Holy Spirit, and is rele-gated to the ballot box instructed by the religio-political speaker and guided by the majority. In this the individual conscience is set aside and ut-terly ignored, and religion is put into a sphere destitute of the Spirit and wholly unable to' exert any power upon the heart. Such religion may exist; but it is not Christianity.  "Every man shall give account of himself to God." He is not required to give account of someone else; nor of any power given to government to compel others to do right, but each shall give account of himself. Religion by law existed in Rome when she was pagan and when she was papal; but the Christian never wants to, and never will, delegate to government nor to anybody else any power in religion; nor will he consent to be gov-erned in his religion by the mind and conscience of an-other nor any mass of others. To do so would be to separate from God and ignore Him as moral ruler. Whatever a man will submit to the decision of others, he holds only on a level with the common things of this world, subject to change at the desire of others. If he should say that he would do this only when the laws favored his views, then he confesses that he is not doing to others as he would have them do to him; and again shows that he has not.the religion of Christ. He wants laws in harmony with his convictions, that he may compel others to adopt them. Ł He will not change his  convictions, for he claims that Christianity depends on, convictions of conscience; but in his zeal to dominate others, he will compel them to abandon their convic-tions. This again shows that he is destitute of the spirit and works of Christ; for he says, "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not." John 12:47. The power of the religion of Christ is purely spiritual; and its work is upon the individual., heart, which by its influence is moulded after the image of Him that created him. This power cannot be derived by the government from the citizen ; but only by the individual from Christ. "If any man be in Christ he is anew creature." "If any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of His." He is not a Christian. The power of the Holy Spirit can be derived from Christ by the individual only. If one has a religion which he can, or wants to, dele-gate to government, and thinks such religion is Chris-tianity, he is mistaken. He has not learned the first principle of Christianity, which is liberty of conscience to "whomsoever will." Governments derive their just powers from and by the consent of the governed. The power of Christianity cannot be derived from, or delegated by, the citizen, to government. Therefore the government cannot justly exercise any authority or power in Christianity: neither to make laws nor to execute them, nor yet to employ its authority in issuing proclamations recommending or en-joining Christian worship. Religion springing from the minds of men may be in-corporated into law by government; and these same men who form the government and invent the religion can delegate power and authority to force it upon others; but as it is not a spiritual religion to begin with, but wholly human, outward physical conduct is all that is obtained by the process. And that is not Christianity. Again : Earthly government cannot exercise any au-thority whatever in Christianity; for it cannot be dele-gated by the individual as a citizen. Whatever does not furnish power to the government, nor submit to be dominated by it, cannot be an element in the formation or maintenance of the government. Therefore, as Christianity can never be an element in the citizenship of earthly government, "Christian Citizen-ship" is false alike in its conception and in its name. The truth is, then, that Christianity is known only to those who have come in contact with it as a spiritual power, which, admitted into the heart, renovates the soul and purifies the life from sin. The only source of this power to men .is Christ. Could it be delegated to government, or transferred in any manner from one per-son to another, or to a government, or again from the government to individuals, men could be saved without going to Christ, as Christianity could be forced upon them by the power of the sword. Those who have such a view as that of Christianity are not acquainted with Christianity. When this "Christian Citizenship" thing professing 