 188 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      made possible in the progressive development of animal life from the monera to man." He writes further: "Everybody knows that the in-stinct of self-preservation, together with its concomi-tant, the instinct of reproduction, constitute the grand primary agency that renders organic evolution possible. But the fact is not so generally recognized that precisely the same agency, modified only by environment and de-velopment, is the prime factor in the evolution of all civilization worthy of the name." The law of evolution, as viewed by this writer, justi-fies "the survival of the fittet," through superior skill and prowess of war. In fact the article is a justification of war, and of keeping all the spoils of war. He says: "To say that our Constitution deprives us of allpower to acquire new domains, or to govern the inhabitants of conquered provinces, is to impugn the wisdom of our fathers and the intelligence of the American statesman. It is equivalent to a declaration that ours is the weakest nation on the earth, and that our danger is constant and imminent; for it is axiomatic that a nation without the means of adapting itself to the changes incident to evolutionary development, is without the means of its own conservation." The justification of war on the processes of evolution, beginning in the first war in matter, justifies war in the results of the transgression of God's law; for war in nature (upon which hypothesis the argument is based), is a result of the curse of sin, and the logical outcome of sin is war certainly, and makes inevitable the survival o what men call "the fittest," and the destruction' of the weak and inefficient. This principle certainly does away with the Declaration of Independence, equality, and the consent of the governed, and enthrones force, while de-posing love. But the strangest part of the article is the conclusion that this mode of procedure (namely war, and the holding of spoils by force) will lead up to the purest altruism, and establish the brotherhood of man. While advocating and justifying war, this writer crys "peace and safety," and prophecies the swift coming of universal brotherhood. The other article on "The Truce of Christ," by George C. Lorimer, represents Russia, France, and the United States as recipients of a visit from the Christ-child. The article opens with a description of St. Peters-burg at Christmas time,Šgay, glad, and gorgeous. The Tsar, just having read a book on the curse of militarism, looks from his window and declares, "God can never have destined these happy throngs to the ravages of war." The Christ child says to him, "Militiarism has usurped the throne, and though often disguised and lamely apologizing, sways a terrorizing sceptre over the councils of cabinets, the policies of princes, and the hopes of humanity; and nowhere find I a dwelling place." The Christ-child declares that the world is ready to re-ceive him as a potentate, a conqueror, a priest, as any- thing denoting force; but not as a child whose mission is to war on war, and to exalt the banner of peace on earth. The article next deals with France, and the people's hatred toward the Jews, and especially their derision and injustice to the Hebrew officer Dreyfus, who lies in jailfor supposed unfaithfulness. The Christ child glides through the streets of Paris, and finally visits Dreyfus in his lonely cell, and in dreams the prisoner sees the vision, and hears the voice that bids him "hope." Then tie Christ-child visits America, proud of her late conquests, dreaming of world empire, and here and there listening to a, language strange to Freedom's ear, of imperial power and military supremacy. When men's strife is hushed in the Christmas peace, the Christ child's voice is heard, bidding America to ex-tend Christ's empire through love. America's greatness is dueto religion, liberty, enlightenment. So he bids her to free the islands of the sea, and evangelize, and edu-cate. He rebukes the unchristianlike spirit to the poor and oppressed within her borders, and the voice dies away, it may be, the writer intimates, never to be heard again. But some heed and hear the voice, and a "peace pilgrimage" is organizing to plead for common human-ity, to dethrone militarism, and to inaugurate "the parliament of men, the federation of the world;" and he holds out, as does the other writer, the hope of the mil-lennium and world wide brotherhood. While Mr. Hudson justifies war, and upholds militar-ism, and the reign of force, and declares that only in this way is the world to reach peace, Mr. Lorimer shows up the horrors of such a method, deprecates war, and calls for organization against militarism, in the name of the Christ child, the Prince of Peace. He also holds out to the world the hope of the long-sought peace through the disarmament of nations, and in a spiritual reign of the Prince of Peace. But there is an old book that says, when they shall cry "peace and safety, sudden destruction cometh." The Prince of Peace is about to appear to gather those who love peace to his kingdom of peace. Those who love war will have warŠeven the battle of Armageddon. The talk of truce will not hinder the preparation for war, and when men fondly imagine that "thefederation of the world" is accomplished, the roar of artillery will break in upon their dream. There will be "confused noise and garments rolled in blood." There is in Mr. Lorimer's article one suggestion of most practical importance to-every one: Who is hearing the voice of the Christ-child, and, partaking of the spirit of the dove? The war spirit is consciously or uncon-. sciously, taking possession of the hearts of men. Im-perialism for the United States, with all its pomp and power and its following oppression, is developing of what spirit we are. Do we partake of ambition to rule, the love of power, the overriding of the rights of men?Šthen we hear not, or hearing, heed not, the voice of the Christ- 