"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 18. NEW YORK, APRIL 9, 1896. Price, Three Cents.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 89 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, Ł EDITORS ASSISTANT EDITOR. CHURCH AND STATE IN MEXICO. THE history of Mexico under the republic is largely a record of conflicts between the civil and ecclesiastical powers, arising from the union of Church and State inherited from" Spain and the Papacy. It is a history from which valuable lessons may be drawn re-specting the evils of Church and State union. As bequeathed to Mexico by the Pa-pacy, this union was complete. The Church was the dominant powe r, and the State exe-cuted her bidding; and as the will of the Church had been made the civil " law" as well, the Church could pro-ceed against dis-senters by " due process of law " in the civil courts. As was natural under such conditions, the Church held title to vast possessions. To the power of superstition and absolute belief in the spiritual claims put forth by her priests and prelates, was added the power of immense wealth. With such resources at her disposal, and unchecked by considerations of justice and the rights of mankind, the Church haught-ily and fatuously proceeded to illustrate the proverb that "pride goeth before a fall." To the arbitrary and unscrupulous use of her great ,power, the soil of North America was  not suited. Bordered by a great republic " conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal," the spirit of liberty could not be debarred from her people. This desire for freedom first took visible shape in Mexico in an effort for political independence, which was real-ized in 1821. This achievement was shortly followed by the establishment of the re-public. The first constitution, adopted in 1821, was called the "constitution of the three guar-antees." These guarantees were " religion, independence, and union." The religion guaranteed was Roman Catholic, and no other kind was tolerated. The rebellion against ecclesiastical tyranny was successful in 1867. In that year the government, under the lead-ership of the Liberal party, passed what were afterwards called the " laws of reform." As respects the attitude of the State toward the Church, these laws provided as follows:Š SECTION ONE. ART. I. The State and the Church are independent of each other. No laws shall be made establishing or prohibiting any religion; but the State shall exer-eise authority over them all relative to the preserva- tion of public order and the observance of its institu-tions. ART. II. The Federal Government guarantees the free exercise of all religious services throughout the republic. It will reprove and punish those acts and practices only, which, although authorized by some tenet of faith, occasion a violation of the penal laws. ART. III. No public officer, or corporation, or or-ganized body of troops shall assist, in any official way in any religious service; neither shall demonstrations of any kind be made by civil officials with the object of religious solemnities. They shall therefore reject all holidays that do not have for their exclusive object the remembrance and celebration of acts purely civil. Sunday shall continue to be designated as a day of rest by the public offices and establish-ments. ART. IV. Religious instruction, and the official practices of whatever form of wor-ship, are prohibited in all the institutions of the Federal, State, and city governments. Moral instruction may be given in those which by their nature permit it, although without reference to any form of worship. The viola-tion of this article shall be punished by a gov-ernment fine of from $25 to $200, and by dismissal of the guilty parties in case of repe-tition. Persons who reside in public institutions of whatever class, may, if they solicit it, go to places of worship, and in cases of extreme necessity may receive the spiritual aids of the bi religion which they profess in the institu-  tions themselves. The rules of each institution may fix the manner of obtain-ing this privilege without doing violence to the objects of the institution, and without violating the provisions of Art. III. ART. V. No religious act shall be performed pub-licly in any other place than the interior of the churches, under penalty of the rite being suspended and the authors punished by a fine of not less than $10 nor more than $200, or imprisonment for not less than two nor more than fifteen days. When, how-ever, the act may assume a grave character by the number of persons that may engage in it or from whatever other cause, the author of it, as well as such other persons as may not obey the intimation of the authorities that the act should be suspended, shall be PLAZA DE ARIAS AND CATHEDRAL, GUADALAJARA. 