SEPTEMBER 20, 1894. 293 are now permitted to have meeting places, though no outward semblance of churches may be given to them. Few or no restric-tions are placed upon attendance at these Baptist chapels. But Baptists are still required to be very quiet and discreet in the use of this moderate measure of lib-erty, and to abstain from everything in the nature of public demonstration. Of course, a Baptist pastor has no legal rec-ognition, nor has a Baptist church; it is merely the tolerated assemblage of people for a religious purpose. In Italy about the same liberty exists as in Spain. Norway and Sweden and Den-mark, until recently, were more rigorous than Germany. Wherever the Lutheran Church is established by law it seems in bigotry and intolerance to exceed the Roman Catholic Church, and to treat Baptists and other Protestant dissenters with a rigor for which not even a belief in its own infallibility and the wickedness of heresy can be pleaded in justification. If its premises were true, the Roman Cath-olic Church would do right to persecute, but Lutherans do wrong on their own theory. There is still need that Baptists witness for the truth they have maintained so stoutly and so long, the truth of soul lib-ertyŠthat no man has a right to meddle with another man's conscience, or to exer-cise any compulsion or restraint of another man in matters of religion.ŠThe Exam-iner. Ł Fostering the Savage in the Young. I DESIRE to utter a protest against the iniquitous military drill now being carried on in many of our churches and schools throughout the United States. In order to impress this phase of the question on the minds of our readers, I shall notice one of many similar descrip-tions of military organizations, under the auspices of the church, which have re-cently been given in fulsome terms by leading daily papers. The one I am about to notice contains such headings as the following : " Properly Uniformed and Armed; Both Infantry and Artillery Man-oeuvres; Drills and Public Exhibitions Given." Then follows an article which bestows unstinted praise on a rich New York church for fostering the war spirit in the minds of a number of working boys and seeing that they were supplied with deadly musketsŠmuskets which had al-ready been used for slaughtering human beings. It is needless to point out that in this matter the millionaire churches exert an influence over the young very similar to that exercised by the barons over their retainers in the feudal ages. The article to which I refer * describes the formation of a corps of cadets among the working boys of the west side district of New York as a noble and philanthropic move. The cadets are under the protection and sup-port of the Collegiate Reformed Church at Forty-eighth Street and Fifth Avenue, one of the wealthiest churches of New York City. This corps of cadets was started by a member of the Fifth Avenue Church of New York City, who was also a captain in one of the city regiments. The following extracts from the article in question illustrate most impressively how this iniquitous work awakens the war spirit and fosters the savage dream of  slaughter in the minds of the young. The writer says :Š After looking about very thoroughly for proper arms for the corps, and listening to the boys' strong objections to " make believe" wooden guns, very suitable weapons were obtained. They are Burnside carbines, bought from the United States Arsenal at Governor's Island, by special permission from the secretary of war. No small degree of charm for the boys is added by the fact that the very guns they handle were once used in real fighting. They weigh about six pounds, and are, therefore, not too heavy for even the smallest soldiersŠfor the cadets range from 4 feet 2 inches in height to 5 feet 7 inches. All of the other boys of the club not enrolled in the corps are drilled without uniforms, so that as soon as a vacancy occurs a well-trained boy can be put in it. He continues thus :Š The company is put through all the military evolu-tions, in accordance with the regular army tactics ; is taught to march and countermarch, to execute many different formations, and to. do the whole manual of arms and the bayonet exercise. This last is a particu-larly pretty drill, not much in use now, but calculated to give the soldier a free use of his weapon and an easy, strong wrist. In a recent entertainment and exhibition given by the corps at the parent church on Fifth Avenue, this part of their work elicited a great deal of applause. In addition to the infantry exercises an artillery drill has been established, and a " dummy " or wooden cannon having been built in exact reproduction of a genuine field piece, a squad of nine picked boys from the company have been taught to handle it. They go through the full drill, loading and firing, going into action in every direction, changing the wheels and dismounting the piece by taking the cannon from its carriage and the wheels from the axle, so that it is entirely dismembered, and setting it up again, all with precision, and each eannonier doing his part of the work exactly as regular soldiers are taught to do it. Ambulance and signal corps have also been organized, and during the mock action the former carries off the wounded while the latter signals for assistance. Here is a further extract taken from the account of a drill given in the rich Fifth Avenue church to raise funds to improve the equipment of this corps of boys, whose minds are being turned by the church from the beauty and happiness of peace and civilization to the dream of human slaughter :Š One little boy, the smallest of the lot, and not over four feet two inches tall, went through all the elab-orate movements of infantry drill, bayonet exercise and artillery drill without an error, and was the avowed favorite of the ladies. Round after round of applause was showered upon the corps on this occa-sion, and greatly appreciated by the little soldiers. At this drill a sham battle was given, the artillery firing on an imaginary army until the enemy was sup-posed to bring up its cavalry to capture the gun. Then the artillerymen signalled to the infantry to come to their support. The cannoniers dismounted their piece, and all lay down until the supposed enemy was driven off by the infantry fire, then mounted their piece again to give them a few farewell shots. During this action the instructor called out the num-bers of the boys at intervals, and as each was desig-nated he fell over as though shot, and was carried off by the ambulance corps, while the remaining boys manned the cannon. This feature proved especially interesting to the spectators. Many pages might be filled with accounts of similar work being carried on by the rich and fashionable churches of the Prince of Peace in the Republic, but this illus-tration will suffice, as it is typical. In a recent issue of the Corner Stone, edited by one of the most intelligent, pa-triotic and conscientious women of Michi-gan, I find the following:Š Detroit has twenty-seven church military organiza-tions, containing 651 men and forty-three officers. The largest is the Baptist cadets, with sixty-six men and three officers. Then comes the Maybury cadets, an Episcopal organization, with sixty men, the First Congregational cadets with fifty-three, the first and last being armed with rifles. The Episcopalians have six companies, the Catholics eight, the Presbyterians seven, Baptists three, Congregationalists two, and Lutherans one. Thirteen of the companies are armed with rifles and one with swords. These, it must be remembered, are all church military companies, and have no connection with the civil societies of the State militia. substitution of a hollow and, in the strict-est sense of the word, a materialistic the-ology for a religion of lifeŠa loving faith expressed in deedsŠas the diligent and systematic fostering by Church and State of the war spiritŠwhich is the murder spiritŠin the rising generation. The po-sition of the Church on this question is at once astounding and incomprehensible, if we admit that the spirit of her Founder still vivifies her being; for even the most superficial thinker knows that the drilling of youth in the manual of arms must necessarily fill the brain with ideals which are the exact antipodes of the teaching of the Prince of Peace. The ultimate which a course of practice leads to, or the ideal which it inspires, gives color to the thought world of those who come under its influence, and this is especially true when the plastic brain of childhood is dominated by an alluring ideal. Comparatively few people are aware of the military activity within the city churches of America to-day. . . . The religious leaders who introduced mil-itary instruction and drill in the churches and those who later favored it, whatever may have been their motives, committed an error so grave, that it even now threatens to turn civilization back toward savagery and destroy the opening blossom of universal peace through arbitration. I do not wish to impugn the motives of those who advocated the formation of military companies in the churches. I believe that for the most part they only sought a way of drawing the young into the church by means which would natu-rally be attractive. The error they com-mitted lay in departing .from the funda-mental teachings of their own accredited Leader, whom they believe to be a God, and who, in life, spirit, and word, empha-sized in the most solemn and impressive manner the importance of driving from the brain every dream of war, every ideal that looked toward physical violence, every thought which comprehended the taking of human life. . . . One evil effect of this mistake was soon manifest. The old fires of religious hate, which have so darkly stained the history of Christianity, were at once awakened. 'There is nothing which should be more carefully guarded against than stimulat-ing religious hatred. Ł Ł Ł Ł " Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God." The sign manual of divine Sonship was peace making, exactly as fostering the spirit of slaughter is the unmistakable sign of the atheism of greed, the materialism of ani-mality. " Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy; but I say unto you, Love your enemies." " Put up thy sword; " " whoso taketh the sword shall perish by the sword." The example of Jesus' life, no less than his solemn precepts, was an unfailing protest against war, hate, savagery, and whatever could arouse or strengthen the the animal side of man's nature. Instead of military drill, Jesus would burn into the souls of the youth this thought ex-pressed by Isaiah, "How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace." . . The work of fostering the savage spirit in the minds of the very young has not been confined to the Church; indeed we might say that the Church, instead of * New York Recorder. Probably nothing so well indicates the 