600 AMERICAN SENTINEL-. Ł A CONVICTION under the anti-polygamy law of Utah is reported from Salt Lake City. Heber J. Grant was fined $100 for practising polygamy. The fine was paid. * * A PECULIAR method, it is reported, has been chosen by women of Parkersburg, W. Va., for purifying the moral atmosphere in that place. They have armed themselves with half-gallon squirt-guns, with which to throw ice water on every man who appears on the streets intoxicated. Probably the innovation will not be extensively copied elsewhere. * THE Rev. Phillips Verner, a Presbyterian minister now in Washington, calls for the legalizing of lynching, on the ground that such a step would lessen crime in the South. This is amazing even in -this day of start-ling theories, and reminds us of the father who com-manded his unruly son to do as he liked, in order to maintain obedience. A legalization of lynching would be a legalization of anarchy; it would be government ordering its own dissolution. The theory that "like cures like," whatever may be its value in the practise of medicine, does not hold in maintaining peace and order in society. IN Dr. H. K. Carroll's summary of religious statis-tics for 1898 in the New York Christian Advocate he shows that in the United States there were in 1890 111,036 ministers, 159,946 churches, and 20,618,307 communicants. In 1898 there were 143,320 ministers, 187,100 churches, and 26,657,969 communicants. In Dr. Carroll's compilation 148 denominations are repre-sented. But he says: "There are only 29 which have 100,000 or more communicants each, while 26 have less than 1,000 each. Not a few are in progress of decay, and will soon disappear." THE New England Sabbath Protective League, at a meeting held in Boston, September 19, organized a cru-sade to be carried on in Rhode Island against Sunday games and amusements. A committee is to be sent to the various resorts in that State to note how Sunday is being kept and enforce the law where it is disregarded. THAT the civil government cannot be a morally re-sponsible entity, as is a member of the human family, but is bound by limitations that confine it strictly to. the domain of simple justice between man and man, is a truth well expressed in the following spoken by the Hon. Bourke Cochran before the Chicago Conference on trusts:Š "Government cannot create anything. If it cannot create anything, it has nothing of its own to bestow. If it undertakes to enrich one individual, the thing that it gives to him it must take from another. A govern-ment cannot be just and generous at the same time, for if it be generous to one it must be oppressive to another. If it does a favor it must have a victim. And that gov-ernment only is just and beneficent which has neither fa-vorites nor victims." * * * REGARDING the alleged desecration to Catholic churches in the Philippines, as evidenced by photographs showing American soldiers inside such churches, the Catholic Western Watchman drops the sensible remark that "if the only desecration those churches receive is sheltering our poor soldiers from the killing Philippine sun, a very few drops of holy water will reconcile them." * * HEREAFTER any saloonkeeper in Camden, N. J., con-victed of Sunday selling must pay a fine of $100 instead of $50 as heretofore. This was decided on by the excise board when a new excise ordinance was passed to second reading to take the place of the ordinance recently de-clared illegal by the Supreme Court. Set-back for Sunday Closing. THE Sunday-closing crusade in Paterson, N. J., of which we have before made mention, has received an un-expected set-back in the courts. The judge before whom several cases were brought under the Sunday-closing law, threw them out of court, on the ground that they were not within his jurisdiction. This of course will rouse the crusaders to renewed activity to secure the triumph of Sunday closing, and probably the present set back to the movement will be of only temporary duration. From a press report of the matter we take the following:Š "The Sunday-closing movement in Paterson took a turn yesterday that surprised those working in further-ance of the project. Justice Vandervate decided that he had no jurisdiction to accept complaints for violations of the law requiring the closing of stores on Sunday. Two weeks ago he took a charge against Henry Bose-haus, a butcher. The complaint was made by the Riv-erside Butchers' and Grocers' Association. " The defendant did not take the stand and was found guilty. A fine of $1 and costs was imposed. Notice of appeal to the Court of Common Pleas was immediately 