1-1=it AlViERICAN' StN'riNEL. 75 dull, Mr. Cnbery and Mrs. Judge Mayhew, all spoke in favor of the bill. It was opposed by Samuel P. Putnam, of the Liberalists, W. N. Glenn and the writer, in behalf of the Religious Liberty Association. While W. A. Cuddy, and Addie L. Ballou presented their individual objections. I give you the piincipal points made. It was claimed that because the President of the United States is allowed ten days, Sundthys excepted, to sign bills presented by Congress, that the Constitu-tion, in thus excepting Sundays, provides for Sunday rest, and the President in ob-serving it has established a precedent, which is the same as law. Against this it was shown that the Con-stitution makes no provision how the President shall use those Sundays, any more than the other ten days, he can sign bills, or go hunting or fishing; his conduct on those days is in no way defined; hence there is not a semblance of law in the clause. It was claimed that the law was needed for the rest and health of the people. In answer to this it was shown that people can work a long time every day if they get rest at night, hence, there would be more propriety in making a law to compel them to go to bed at a certain hour at night and not get up till a fixed time in the morning; better enforce a daily rest than a weekly one as it is more needed. One speaker held that a Sunday law is not religious, only a civil law. While another advocated Sunday as a Christian institution, and argued that we as a Chris-tian people ought to keep it; and that a law is needed to compel us to do so. Of course it was easily shown that these positions were contradictory, for a Chris-tian institution is certainly religious. It was also shown to be absurd that Chris-tians must be forced, by civil law, to obey Christian institutions, or to force, by law, a Christian institution upon saloon keep-ers. It was shown that Sunday laws are not Christian, if they were no one but Christians would have any right to keep Sunday. Suppose a man and women ask a minister to marry them will he refuse becanse they are not Christians ? Certainly not; for marriage is a civil institution and belongs to those who are not, as well as to those who are, Christians; but if the same personS ask for the sacrament or for bap-tism they would be told that these are Christian institutions, and Only Christians have any right to them. Men can be Christians and not keep Sunday, the ex-emption of those who " conscientiously " observe another day, is an admission of that. One of the advocates of the bill says that exemption was placed there from " Christian courtesy ;" thus admitting the exempted to be Christians. But while a Sun-day law ib not Christian it is nevertheless religious i , and the religion that originated . the institution is pagan, hence the bill is to enforce a religious pagan rite; and  when a civil law is used to enforce any religion we have the most complete union of Church and State. Sunday laws are not civil; there are men just as civil who do not keep Sunday, as those who do, and sometimes they are more so. The friends of the bill stated that the workingmen were demanding the law. But it was asked, "what labor organiza-tions, what laboring class, is asking for the passage of this bill ?" and they were forced to admit that they could not name any in the State. It was evidently a call from a few ministers and religionists only. The workingmen of the State are not call-ing for rest, on the contrary, they are loudly calling for work. The same speaker who advocated the law only as a civil measure, contradicted himself by advocating it as a necessity to permit the " religiously inclined " to go to church, and compel their competitors in business to close their places of business so as not to have any advantage of trade. We held if this principle be granted as a true basis of legislation, the Jew, and Seventh-day Adventists, and Baptists are entitled to a law to compel the closing of places of business on Saturday when they desire to go to church. One speaker advocated the bill, declar-ing it was needed to protect religious worship on Sunday. It was shown him that the present law of this State protects religious meetings on all days of the week. The extreme penalty for disturbing them is six months in the county jail and a fine of five hundred dollars. Some of the speakers claimed a Sunday law was necessary to improve the morality of the State, and gave New England as an example. In reply, the morality of New England, when it had its most stringent Sunday law, was shown to be of the kind that hung those accused of being witches, banished Baptists, fined Quakers, and bored their tongues with red hot irons, and we have no need of such morality. It is also admitted by the advocates of this bill that one-third of the crime and saloon business of the State is on Sunday, on account of so many being idle. Hence it is evident that Sunday idleness does not assist in making people civil, to say noth-ing of making them moral. It was shown that the law is contrary to the Constitution of the United States, the Fourteenth Amendment declaring that " No State shall make or enforce any law abridging the privileges or immuni-ties of citizens of the United States." All the rights guaranteed a citizen of the United States, by the United States, must be granted him by each State. The United States guarantees him full liberty in relig-ious matters. Congress makes the laws to govern a citizen of the United States, and the Constitution says, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and when any State makes a re- ligious law it is interfering with the rights guaranteed by the United States to its citizens, The Constitution of California forbids legislating in favor of any class, hence this bill is contrary to the Constitu-tion of the State, for it favors classes making a law binding on some and ex-empting others. The following item, from the Sacra-mento Bee, of February 12, will show how this point was met by the advocates of the bill, and also demonstrates our claim that Sunday keeping does not make men civil. Some who do not keep it are more civil than some that do :Š During the Sunday-law discussion last night, Judge Carpenter questioned the constitutionality of a law that allows privileges to some that it denies to others. This remark stirred up the Rev. Thomp-son, who, in a sneering and insulting manner, re-torted that he was amazed at the dense ignorance of a man who was called " Judge," and who should raise such a question. Now the veteran lawyer is anything but ignorant, and he is a bad man to trifle with, as Thompson subsequently discovered to his discomfiture. While the Judge was leaving the capitol with some friends at the close of the committee meeting, Thompson, to Carpenter's amazement, approached, in a fresh and familiar way, and began to talk, at the same time taking the Senator by the arm. The tall form of the old soldier was erect in a moment, and shaking off the preacher he turned upon him the withering power of his sarcasm. " If I were Jesus Christ and made a man a Chris-tian, " he exclaimed, " I'd make him a gentleman first, or I'd kill him ! " Thompson's " cheek " came quickly to his rescue, and he asked to know what he had said that could be objected to. He got the information, and in a way that he will probably not forget. " You talked like a blackguard, sir," replied the Senator, " and you ought to control that foul mouth of yours! You not only denounced the judges as ignorant, but the juries of the country as low and brutal." Thompson had enough, and as soon as he could, parted company and went his way. It is thought that the bill will not become a law. W. M. HEALEY. Ł Ł  Human Enforcement of the Law of God. THE Christian Statesman, of February 5, 1891, has an article on the strength and responsibility of Christian nations, in which is an estimate of the numerical strength of the Protestant sects of the United States, from which is claimed " a decisive majority of the inhabitants of this country who are to be counted Protestant." And besides this numerical strength, Mr. William E. Dodge is quoted as declaring that " seven-eighths of the enormous wealth of this country is in the hands of Christian men." Adding to this "the factor of intelligence, remembering that colleges and seminaries are, with few exceptions, Christian," the following con-clusion is drawn :Š These considerations show that responsibility for the right settlement of public questions rests upon the Christian people of the United States. They have the power in their hands. They have no right to wield it for selfish or for any merely ecclesiasti-cal ends, but in their capacity of citizens they are solemnly bound to settle the liquor question, the 