PILGRIM'S PROGRESS Size, 6%x4% inch-es, 495 pages, 6 il-lustrations.The story of both Chris-tian and his wife. An attractive edi-tion of this immor-tal classic. Price, 40c. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 317 Books We 4C1-.1 Reccorrinnericl. SAVONAROLA A graphic ac-count of the life and martyrdom of this wonder-ful preacher of Florence; also a sketch of his times. An in-spiring book for young read-ers, and o n e that will be read again and again. MARTIN LUTHER A most readable story of the life of this greatest reforth-er, at home, at the university, as a monk, as a priest, at Rome, at the Diet of Worms, and the closing scenes of his career. Illustrated. Cloth, 6oc. POLITICAL ' 6oc.; OF WYCLIFFE SPEECHES AND DEBATES C JACK THE CONQUERO The life of this great- c And Other Stories est of "the reformers be- 4) fore the Reformation" is 7r, one of intense interest, The first and longest and is here told in such story is that of ten-year- r41.  a way as to inspire the C old poverty - stricken reader to cultivate his opportunities and econ- Jack Harold. His fa- omize his time. Q ther and mother were both dead, and his aunt Cloth, 6oc. E)  would not allow him to V go to school. How his C ambition was aroused, 0 etc. Well illustrated, C cloth, 6oc. c GOLDEN GRAINS A reproduction of the principal speeches and de- 0 bates o f Abraham Z)  Lincoln during the ears 18 -1861 to- 4p nist, Stephen A. D l A f c MOUNT OF BLESSING ougas. ascin- 550 large pages. C Sermon on the Mount. ating volume of over ' An exposition of the Cloth, $1.75. 0 "It can by no means 41) C be read with profit at ap one sitting, but is a Ł book for time of med-itation, as its title in-cates. " ŠBaptist Union. Contains 209 pages, Ł 18 half-tone engrav- Ł ings, is bound in cloth V at 75c, and half-calf at $1.00. MAKING HOME HAPPY 54 0 R .:19[4,1,  ne ; LEFT WITH A TRUST Contains two good 0 stories, the first being 0 of the struggles of a fa- mily, () the head of which having gone, according to baby Phil, "Away 'cross the big sea, and perhaps h e' d tumble AO out of the ship and det drowned." The second tells of the faithful ef-forts of a boy to sup-port his sister and wid-owed mother. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc. A series of pamphlets, C containing 320 pages and 45 beau-tiful stories for children. e Following 1) are some of !" the titles: "Joe B e n - ton's Co al 4E)  Yard."A "This Hand r Nevere Struck Me," 0 "The Burnt Composition," "The Wanderer's Prayer," "The First Lie," "The Tempting GloVes," "Tom's Revenge." Complete set for 25c, gether with those of 0 postpaid. his political antago- C 0 THOUGHTS FROM THE An entertaining story of how an unhappy 0 home was made and kept happy, together with the influence it had over other homes. Contains 203 pages; cloth 5oc. NATIVE LIFE IN INDIA The author, Rev. Henry Rice, spent eighteen years in India, and has written a most interesting description of the social and reli-gious characteristics of the Hindus. The book c  is illustrated with 0 twelve native drawings. Cloth, 6oc. S AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS An account of the expeditions sent in search of the North Pole by the United States and England It is written in narra-tive style and is in-tensely interesting- Its illustrations are o f northern scenes, and incidents, and are very good. Cloth, 6oc, LIFE ON THE KONGO A comprehensive his-tory of that portion of Africa drained by the Kongo and its tributar-C ies, together with nu-merous missionary inci-dents and experiences. The author, Rev. Hol-m a n Bentley, writes C from personal observa- tion, and gives much Ł interesting information concerning this much-talked-of country. Illustrated, cloth, 6oc, TWO CANNIBAL ARCHIPELAGOES Here John Williams, Rev. G. N. Gordon and wife, J. D. Gordon, and others met death at the ,0Ab people, whose mania is hands of the natives, Here dwell the Rubiana. the collection of human heads. Even here, this book informs us,ethe Gospel has made pro-gress. This is illus-trated by two scenes in one villageŠone as the c (1: missionaries found it, the other after its inhab- Ł rtants had received Christianity. Cloth, 6oc,  STORY OF REDEMPTION A book well calculated to show forth the c love of Christ, and to draw the reader intg a closer connection Contain Him. Contai 237 pages, 68 engravings, four of which aye CA  three-color half-tones. 0 Cloth, with gilt edges, $1.25. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, KANSAS CITY, MO. OAKLAND, CAL. 39 BonceStreet, New York City. 