4660 FEIE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. :affected by Sunday business. " Conceding," it says, that a majority of those who are engaged in these industries desire a day of rest in the week, it is ob:  viously unjust that they should be compelled to work -on Sundays simply because a few of the number insist upon remaining open. Not only the store proprietors, butthe employes have to be considered, and of these there are many in Chicago who now suffer the evils of -seven-day slavery. The clerks who work hard from Monday morning until late Saturday night, only to re-sume their' employment Sunday, getting only a short -half-day for rest, and sometimes not even that during the week, have rights to be considered. On the whole, there are probably but few thinking persons .among the' consumers who would not willingly agree to,  make all the necessary purchases Saturday even-ing if they but stopped to consider what the Sunday purchasing habit entails upon thousands of hard- workedmen and women."., The Record is entirely right in deprecating a week of continuous labOr, but in its statement of the case it commits two errors. First, it designates as "slavery" work which is entirely voluntary, for neither shop-keeper nor clerk is forced to work on Sunday against his consent. Slavery is not voluntary work, but in-voluntary servitude. Second, it assumes that Sun-day opening of stores is an invasion of personal rights, which is'not true, since every person thereby employed has an undisputed right to Sunday rest: And here is an important point that shouldbe noted: while Sunday Opening of business places can never interfere with personal rights, Sunday closing, when it is by law; always does interfere with such rights. In the one case each individual is free to either work or rest as he may choose; in the other case he is forced to rest, be his choice in the matter what it may. In this as in every other matter the sole duty of the law is to preserve rights. The Record hints, in conclusion, that legislation is being sought to, suppress the few,who have per, _sisted in Sunday opening of their stores, thus secur-ing an unfair business advantage, it is asserted, over those who would observe the day. It observes that "whether or not the advocates of Sunday rest suc-ceed in securing legislation which will enable them to attain their aims they should be assured of the support of public sentiment. Seven-day slavery is obnoxious to American institutions and to Ameri: Can ideas as to'what constitutes fair industrial' con-ditions." It is to be observed, finally, that this " seven-day slavery," which is so prominently put forward as 'an argument for Sunday closing, only balances up against a slight financial loss -which might be in-curred under the present optional arrangement. The storekeepers are not willing to close because they believe they might thereby suffer some pecuniary loss; so they remain in " slavery " because they are not willing to take the chances of making as large profits under the Sunday-closing planas they make with Sunday opening, or are not willing to bear the small loss which might thereby be incurred. As an argument for legislation which would deprive peo-ple of the right to self-support by first'-day labor, this attitude of storekeepers and other business men is clearly not entitled to much respect. s. NATIONAL REFORM AND THE BASIS OF GOY-- ERNMENT. IN the Outlbok for October 6 appeared the follow-ing very' pertinent inquiry from a reader of that journalŠpertinent in view of the teaching of this leading American journal on the subject to which the inquiry relates: " To the Editors of the Outlook: "In yours editorial columns of September 15 you say: `The Outlook does not belieVe that governments rest upon the consent of the governed.' May I ask, in this connection, upon whom or upon what you do believe governments justly rest?- If the people do not and should riot control in framing and maintain-ing the governments designed to rule over them,'  then it, must be that the the divine right of kings,' or, what is the same thing,, the right of a class, to rule is the true theory of government. Theo-retically speaking, - there is not a government 'Under the sun, except dependencies, from a deSpo- - tism to -a republic,,where the ruler did not get his power primarily from the people. It is true that in many instances the chosen ruler has usurped powers not originally granted, and on the ruins of a once free country founded a despotism; and this is the dan-ger to all free peopleŠis the greatest danger to America today." To this the Outlook replied after the following manner: " Just .government rests neither upon the edict of a few strong men nor upon the consent of the many; it rests upon the law of God. No government is just which does not conform to the law of God. No edict of one, or few, or many or all can serve to make it just if it does not so conform." 