AMERICAN SENTINEL. 155 ments of the people, the recent public statement of the London police department shows that there are more ar-raignments in the criminal courts for disorderly acts on Mondays than on any other two days in the week. I have been to the trouble of inquiring how in Berlin, Vi-enna, Paris, Milan, and other cities where there are no such radical restrictions against entertainments and amusements on Sunday operate, and I find that in each Sunday's arrests are fewer than on any other day and serious crimes on Sundays are a rarer occurrence than where such restrictions prevail. In the city of Glasgow the number of persons fined for intoxication in a year is twice as large as the number fined for the same offense against order in the city of Vienna and the population of Glasgow is 700,000, while the population of Vienna is 1,400,000." "The opposition to a free Sunday," said Mr. Harburger, "has been waged along three successive lines: "first, op Ł position to Sunday travel; second, opposition to Sunday newspapers; third, opposition to Sunday art galleries, museums, and libraries. What intelligent man," he con-tinued, "on the floor of this assembly does not rememtor the long and vigorous battle waged between the narrow-minded bigots on the one side and the broad-minded and intelligent friends of freedom on the other concerning the opening of the Metropolitan Museum in New York on Sunday? The one day in the week upon which working-men and their families, clerks, employes of commercial houses, and the great body of the population generally have for recreation, the ponderous doors of this estab-lishment in the Central Park were closed upon that day. . The libraries were closed, the minor art galleries were closed, and if some of the bigots had had their way the parks would have been closed. ButŁ battles for liberty, battles for freedom, battles for the restoration of popular rights are never lost. "I contend that where the largest personal liberty is allowed by law on Sunday, there is the most liberal and unrestricted acknowledgment of the rights of every man who is so disposed to worship on that day and the largest freedom consistent with order. In the district which I have the honor to represent the sentiment for liberal Sunday laws is so nearly overwhelming as to be unanimous. An intolerant Sabbatarian would find no following there, and yet as the records of the New York health department for 1896 and again for 1897 show, the clergyman in New York who performed the largest num-ber of marriages is a resident of the Tenth Assembly Dis-trict, a clergyman of the Lutheran Church there. "In the six square blocks bounded by Second and Fourth Streets, Second Avenue and Avenue B, there are three churches of the Catholic faith, a larger number than are to be found in a like portion of a like territory in any portion of the United States, and in another portion of theŁ  district the spiritual ministrations of practically all the inhabitants come not from those associated with any of the Christian churches, but from the synagogues which are there numerous. Yet such a thing as a collision or dispute bn religious grounds in this neighborhood of  thickly populated East Side is unknown. All dwell to-gether in harmony; there is no conflict and no friction. "Religious holidays are celebrated by this, or that, portion of the population as they occur in the round of the year, and in summer time especially some of the ceremonials are in part celebrated out of doors, but there is no such thing as a dispute of any kind. The golden rule is the rule of all. How is it in so many of the dis-tricts of the west and southwest where Whitecaps flourish and regulators aboundŠwhere the rights of one individ-ual in a small town are held on the suffrance of his fellows? These are the places in which rigorous, austere, fanatical, and unreasonable Sunday laws abound, wherein, as has been said, the chief function of each manŁ is thought by him to be to interfere with the rights of his fellow. I appeal to the consideration of the Assembly not for lib-eral Sunday laws but for the abolition of illiberal ones inconsistent with popular right, detrimental to order and morality, unreasonable, impracticable, favorable to cor-ruption, and totally unsuited to the requirement and to the welfare of the people of a great cosmopolitan city." We cannot of course recognize Mr. Harburger's dis-tinction of "liberal" and "illiberal" Sunday laws; for in principle, all Sunday laws are the same, and the principle of them all is an illiberal principle. It seems to have been taken for granted that Mr. Harburger's bill would not become a law, otherwise the opposition to the measure would doubtless have been much more strenuous. 1.--111-4 THE Iowa Clinton County Advertiser, says the Sab-bath Recorder, "reports the arrest of H. N. Schuler, of Belleview, Iowa, on the charge of `Sabbath desecration,' for keeping his store open on Sunday. The case was fixed for trial on February 10. The Advertiser says that the arrest is the result of a 'revival' at Belleview." f. I. Ł A'4  THE Ram's Horn reports that "a gigantic petition movement for Sunday closing is to be inaugurated in all the Wesleyan churches of England, this year." THE following notice was recently served on the bar-bers of the town of Longton, Elk County, Kansas:Š "You are hereby kindly requested to close and keep closed, your barber shops, in the city of Longton, Elk County, Kansas, after this date, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." The notice is signed by the mayor, D. W. Jackson. What its effect was we have not yet learned. A BILL has been brought before the New York 'Legis-lature which provides for "permitting non-professional games and sports on Sunday after 1 o'clock P. M. in cities of the first class, but prohibiting taking admission fees." 