08 ATVILIMLIE CAN-rr-IN-1,-Llt,. Vol,. 10, No 14. hence to " the powers that be " only in tem-matters :as 'between man and man. 'y6*§, :6-29 no this chapter plainly teach this. —There i's' no mention . of the first four cons-' ftnandment's of the .Decalogue, which enjoin "hhedience to God. To  say that Paul taught that men-  should obey laws which conflict with the laivs of God, not only contradicts his ,te,aphingin this chapter, but it is, to say that he -.taught one thing and practiced ,another, for. lie often suffered .as the result of violating .haws; enacted by the "poWers that be," which edidliCted with the laws of ;God. But when " A Friend " says he would not obey a Tennessee law enforcing Thursday or Friday. because. such a law would violate the - WOO of' -God; he' admits that the thirteenth chapter. of Romans does not teach that a man Shonld .cllsobey God's. law in order to obey man's law. In this he admits all that Sev-:entli-.'day AdVentists claim. Seventh-day Adventists declare that the law of Tennessee, Which commands the observance of the first ,,day-  while God commands the observance of the ,seyenth day, is just as much in conflict With the law 'of God as would be the command of the State to "observe the fifth or sixth day ,(Thnisclay or Friday) which " A Friend " says he would not 'obey. And no man can proVe that it is not. Why can't " A Friend " -.arida his friends 'See it? "Consistency, thou art a jewel!" TA3EgS— ON CHURCH PROPERTY. [The following is reprinted from a galley proof of a fortheoriaing 'editnrial in the Midland (Mich.) Republi-edn,'-whjOh was kindly sent us by the editor, T, W. TjEsosE who " argue " in favor of the con-tinted " exemption Of church property from taxation',', appear to lose sight of one of the essential fads of the case. It is this: That such property, is not exempt from taxation b',4d cannot be; the'taxes have to be paid, but under the, present' system all the tax-paying ,PeeplO pay taxes on.  all' the church properties regardless of ,prefeience instead of the taxes being collected for each property, as they should be, from those interested in the church to which the property belongs. If taxes were specific and could not be increased, it would be different, but where a certain amount has to Łbe raised by tax and a portion of the prop-erty is " exempt " or rather is omitted from the ,tax roll, it simply means that the propor-tion of tax that would 'otherwise be collected from the owners of that property must be spread 'upon the rest of the property. For instance: If the property of a certain village, being all assessed, is valued at $160,000 and a tat of $3,066 is to be raised, the tax will be just three, percent. of the valuation; and if $10,000 worth of the property is in five churches with average valuation of $2,000 each, the persens interested in the good work of these churches will, pay an average of $60 tax on each; aniOunting to $300 on the five. ., But if, the 06,060 worth of church property is omitted from .the rolls leaving but $90,000 valuation, the original tax of $3,000 has to be ).3i'sOmebody, just, the same. Now, di-viding the $3,000 tax by the $90,000 valua-tion, we find the rate of taxation to be three and. one-third, per cent. Everybody's tax has gone up just one-ninth. The man who before paid, $9 tax now. pays $10; he who paid $90 now pays 402, etc.,. the additional dollar or ten dollars being his share of. the church tax, Which he is 'coMpelled to pay, without the Satisfaction of Ł knowing that it goes to the Church of his choice. And if it happens that the church of his choice has only a poor, cheap building, or none at all, and one which  he considers wrong, " heretical " or " apos-tate," has an expensive church, he has the mortification of knowing that the greater part of the tax he pays goes to support that church. It is the same in regard to the county or the State tax. The great and needlessly ex-pensive church properties of Detroit, Grand Rapids, Kalamazoo, Jackson, Ann Arbor and many other cities in the wealthier portion of the State, with their great organs, elegant furnishings, kitchens, parlors, etc., are omitted from the tax rolls and every taxpayer of every county in the State has his per cent. of State tax correspondingly increased, even though he may not have the privilege of going inside any kind of a church six times in a whole year. Is it right ? It is not a question of " exemption," for as we have shown the tax must be paid; it is a question of who shall pay it, those who are 'enjoying the immediate benefits in each case, or everybody, regardless of location, benefits or preference? The sober sense of justice does not approve the present system of so-called " exemption." But the mere fact of unequal and unjust taxation is not the only nor the worst feature of the system. More dangerous still is the fact that while we claim that Church and State are and must be separate and independ-ent, we enforce a system by which Church and State are united right along the financial nerve line. The Detroit News, while support-ing the present system, boldly says: "Exemp-tion from taxation is the American way of realizing the union of Church and State." It then goes on to say: " It is the only way it can be done under the broad charity which favors no section of the great Church, but ac-knowledges them all." It should have added: And compels everybody to pay regardless of his conscience. The constitution of this State says (Art. 4, sec. 39): " The legislature shall pass no law to prevent any person from worshiping Al-mighty God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or to compel any person to attend, erect or support any place of religious worship, or to pay tithes, taxes, or other rates for the support of any minister of the gospel or teacher of religion." But the tax law of, Michigan compels every taxpayer, not merely to " support any place of religious wor-ship," but to help support every place of religious worship, and every place of alleged religious worship. While the Constitution says that he shall be free to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, the law says in effect that he shall help pay the expenses of providing Ł for other people's worshiping according to the dictates of their consciences and their love of, elegant ease. Parsonages, often elegant and costly, struct-ures, the use of which is usually part of the pay, or support, of the minister, are also omitted, from the tax roll, and every taxpayer is therefore compelled to help pay tax on every such building in the State, in direct violation of the constitutional provision above quoted that no person shall be compelled to "pay tithes, taxes, or other rates, for the support of any minister of the gospel or teacher of religion." But there is a greater danger which has not yet fully developed itself, but of which the lessons of history give warning.. The Supreme Court of the United States has already sol-emnly declared that this is "aŁChristian nation." It is not improbable, it is almost certain, that the time will come if the present system is continued, when certain bodies, or churches, which it will be claimed do not teach the true Christian doctrine, shall be ex-cluded from the benefits of the " exemption "  clause, on the plea that they are not true, or Christian, churches, and are doing harm rather than good. And when once the system of paring and exclusion is begun, the result is not uncertain. The camel's nose will be followed by the whole body, until the law and the courts are called upon to decide which is 't  the church," and the " broad charity " which " acknowledges them all " will be narrowed down to the ac-knowledgment of but one, and history, will repeat itself in the union of " the church " and the State. The spirit of ecclesiasticism is the same in all ages and only waits an ,op-portunity. True, the accomplishment of such an end may not be as easy in a republic as it was under the arbitrary enactments of a Constan-tine. But his edicts were doubtless influenced by what appeared to be the majority, and.the majority even in a republic °km be as tyran-nical as a monarch. Yet, it is because of the posibility of avoidance of a disastrous fate, that the, wrong steps already taken should he retraced before it is too late. The camel's nose should be driven out before he gets his neck and his feet inside the tent. The section of the tax law which provides for the omis-sion of any church property from the tax rolls should, we believe, be repealed, and then there can be no opportunity for unequal deal-ing in that respect. -0-41110-Ł OUR DUTY TO GOD AND TO CIVIL GOVERN- MENT. [The following is a paper read by our South African correspondent, Mr. Geo. B, Thompson, before the Biblical Institute of Seventh-day Adventists, recently held at Cape Town, and published in the Cape Argus. The principles, though applied to the local situation, are nevertheless applicable to this and every country enforcing a Sunday law.] IT has been clearly demonstrated in a formes paper read before this convention, that whih God has ordained civil government, he ha Ł circumscribed the limits in which it is to rule. It was shown that its sphere of action is with civil affairsŠaffairs between man and man; but with things religious it has nothing what-ever to do. Religion is a, duty between man and God; it pertains to the heart. It is a life, and the account is to be rendered to the heavenly court, and not to any earthly ,tri-bunal. Every man, whether he worship in church, synagogue, or mosque, whether he worship stocks, stones, the host of heaven, reason, or the true God, has the same, civil right, and majorities have no. right to dictate to him a code of ethics. When legislative bodies step out of their proper function and begin legislating on mat-ters concerning religion, this heaven-born, right is trampled upon, and the citadel of con-science is invaded. Allow me to illustrate:Š Take baptism; certain religious. bodies believe that immersion is. the proper mode. They have a right to believe it, to teach it, and to practice it. But suppose that a, gov-ernment should enact a law declaring immer-sion to be the proper mede, and demanding that everybody must,he immersed; would that convince the pedo-Baptist brethren that im-mersion was the Bible mode ? No. And sup-pose they should comply, with the law and be baptized, contrary to their religious convic-tions, what would they be ? So with the,Lord's supper; this is a religious institution, established by the Son of God. A . man is to examine himself whether or not he is worthy. But suppose a government, to satisfy the demands of professed religionists, should enact a law declaring. that the Lord's supper being .a good thing, all persons must, 