594 THE SENTIN:EL OF LIBER."1"ir. singly may give occupation enough to the whole time and attention of a single individual: Thus we have teachers of languages, teachers of mathematics, of natural philosophy, of chemistry, of medicine, Of law, of history, of government, etc. Religion, too, is a separate department, and happens to be the only one deemed requisite for all men, however 'high or low. Collections of men associate under the nanie of congregations and employ a religious teacher the particular set of opinions of which they happen to be, and contribute to makeup a stipend as a com-pensation for the trouble of deliveringthern, at such periods as they agree on, lessonsin the religion they profess. If they want instructions in other sciences or arts they apply to other instructors, and this is generally the business of early life. But I suppose there is not a single instance of a single congrega-tion which has employed their preacher for the mixed purposes of lecturing them from the pulpit in chemistry, in medicine, in law, in the science and principles of vvernment, orin anything but religion exclusively: " Whenever, therefore, preachers, instead Of a lesson in religion, put them off with a discourse on the Copernican system, on chemical affinities; on the construction of government, or the characters or conduct of those administering it, it is a breach of con-tract, depriving their audience of thekind of service for which they are salaried, and giving them, instead of it, what they did not want, or if wanted, would rather seek from better sources in that particular art or science. In choosing our pastor we look to his religious qualifications without inquiring into his physical or political dogmas, with which we mean to have nothing to do. "I am aWare that arguments may be found which may twist a thread of politics into the cord of religious duties. So may they for every other branch of human art or science. Thus, for exam-ple,,it is a religious duty to obey the laws of our country; the teacher of religion, therefore, must in-struct us in those laws, that we may know how to obey them. It is a religious duty to assist our sick neighbors; the preacher must, therefore, teach us medicine, that we may do it understandingly. It is a religious duty to preserve our health; our religious teacher, then, must tell us What" dishes are whole-some, and give us recipes, that we may learn how to prepare them. And so ingenuity,-by generalizing more and more, h-lay amalgamate all the branches of science into every one of them; and the physi-cian who is paid to visit the sick, may give a sermon instead of medicine, and the merchant, to Whom money is sent for a hat, may send a handkerchief instead of it. "But notwithstanding this possible confusion of all sciences into one, common sense draws the lines between theny,sufficientiy distinct for the general purposes of life, and no one is at' -a loss to under-stand - that a recipe .in medicine or cookery, or a demonstration in geometry, is not a lesson in re- , do not deny that a congregation may if-they please, agree with their preacher that he shall instruct then in medicine also, or law, or politics. Then, lectures in these from the pulpit, become not only 'a matter of 'right, but of duty also. But this must be with the consent of every individual; because the association being voluntary, the majority has no right to apply the. contributions of the minority to purposes unspecified in the agreement of the con-gregation." Let us hope these words- of Jefferson will 'not be overlooked by those clergymen of the present day who are so wont in their discourses and contri-butions to the press-  to assume the role of statesmen and physicians, for-  the purpose of demonstrating the necessity of Sunday laws to national prosperity and individual physical health. LOVE OF LIBERTY VS. INTOLERANCE. THE history of the colonial period of this coun-try reveals the fact that it was settled very largely' by men and women who, prior to emigrating from Europe, had suffered persecution for conscience sake. The pilgrims sought and found in Massachusetts an asylum from the intolerance of the Church of England. "With few exceptions," says Baird, "the first colonists were Protestants; indeed Lord Balti-more's was the only Roman Catholic colony, and even in it the Romanists formed only a small mi-nority long--before the Revolution of 1775." - Much credit has been claimed by Roman Catho-lics for "having established 'in the New World the firSt colony guaranteeing religious liberty to all of every faith, Protestant :nat lesS than Roman Catholic. Lt is doubtless true that the first Lord Baltimore, the author of the charter of the colony* of Mary-land, was a liberal-minded man: Reared a Protestant, he became'. a Catholic after arriving at the estate of manhood. "In an age," says_ Bancroft, "when re-ligious controversy still continued to be active, and when the increasing divisions among Protestants were spreading a general alarm, his mind sought re-:lief from controversy in the bosom of the Roman Catholic Church." 