AMERICAN SENTINEL. 357 Great Britain does not want the government of this Re-public. Norway and Sweden do not want American or British government, and neither Britain nor America wants their government. And so of all the nations. Each has developed its own government, and each can exercise its own government far better than it can any other. The United States would do well to give the princi-ples of republican government to all countries of the earth. These principles are the best principles of gov-ernment everywhere, and can be adapted to suit the conditions in all lands. But when this nation goes to another and strange land and there sets up its own government over a strange people, it is going too far either for the benefit of that people, or for its own good name. National Pride and Its Consequences. BY T. E. BOWEN. "THESE six things doth the Lord hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him: A proud look, a lying tongue, the hands that shed innocent blood, an heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running-to mischief, a false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren." Prov. 6:16-19. Pride is exceedingly sinful for the reason that it admits of no Saviour. Self-sufficiency so fills the heart that the Saviour has no place. He is not wanted; there-fore will never come. This fullness, this self-sufficiency, precedes a fall. This is true of individuals; it is also true of nations. "Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall." Prov. 16:18. "Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it: except the Lord keep the city, the watch-men waketh but in vain." Ps. 127:1. Here, the safety of nations is pointed out. Except the Lord protects, guards, restrains, and keeps the nations, they never could exist. Yet how fast this spirit of true dependence is being replaced with arrogancy and pride, with trust in armies and the accomplishments of man's devising for security and protection. There seems to be a spirit in the air that God has called the United States to a high place among nations in the work of reforming, civilizing, and christianizing the common people of earth. However this may be, it can never come in the way these zealous people  expect. It can never come through going forth to subjugate weaker nations. That God planted this Government by directing it to righteous and sure principles of government, no can-did man can deny. The growth of the Republic has been a marvel to the despotic nations of earth. In clinging to these heaven-born principles, which recognize the  worth of a man and that he has God given rights which must be respected, and relying upon God in true humility and dependence, has been the strength of its people, and by these has the nation wielded the mighty influence it has in other parts of the world. But immediately these principles are forsaken; like Samson, it is shorn of its strength. In speaking of nations God says he "hath determ-ined the times before appointed, and the bounds of their habitation." His kingdom ruleth over all. "He doeth according to his will in the army of heaven, and among the inhabitants of the earth: and none can stay his hand, or say unto him, What doest thou?" He raiseth up nations and pulleth them down. He sustaineth the humble and bringeth down the lofty. Certain bounds are fixed for nations, and nations 'pass these bounds only to meet their doom. For example, consider the ancient kingdom of Bab-ylon. Nation after nation had been subdued before Babylon until it stood as the first universal kingdom of earth. God used this nation to punish the iniquity of the others. Even the kingdom of Israel was thus pun-ished by God for her apostasy and pride. After Babylon had reached the height of glory, man-like, the monarch on the throne ascribed to himself all this power in these self-sufficient words: "Is not this great Babylon, that I have built for the house of the kingdom by the might of mypower, and for the honor of my majesty?" Here was the hidden line. In those words of pride, as king Nebu-chadnezzar looked out over the golden domes of his great city, he stepped across the line God had fixed, and the record says, "While the word was in the king's mouth, their fell a voice from heaven, saying, 0 king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken: The kingdom is departed from thee." Here the decline began, and in a short time the kingdom of Babylon, the pride of the whole earth, was no more. Such is the lesson God would teach. Now, as then, the lesson is true which king Nebuchadnezzar learned by hard experience, that God is King in heaven: "All whose works are truth, and his ways judgment: and those that walk in pride he is able to abase." Why not accept the lesson taught in the experience of other nations that have walked in pride, and thus escape the judgments sure to follow such a course? Church and State. Cnuncu and state are organically, though not sym-pathetically, distinct and separate. Government prop-erty should on no account be turned over to the church. The state should aid no creed nor sect by gift or loan-From the days of Constantine the unholy alliance of church and state has been the cause of nations corrupt-ing the church by making it dependent on the state and paralyzing the state by making it subservient to ecclesi- 