338 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. believe it is for the interest of religion," he continued, " to invite the civil magis-trateŁ to direct its exercises, its discipline, or its doctrines; nor of the religious soci-eties, that the general Government should be invested with the power' of effecting any uniformitY of time or matter among them. Fasting and prayer are religious exercises; the enjoining them an act of discipline. Every religious society has a right to determine for itself the times for these exercises, and the objects proper for them, according to their own particular tenets; and this right can never be safer than in their own hands, where the Con-stitution has deposited it." Thus emphat-ically does President Jefferson declare the proclamation of religious fasts and festi-vals to be unconstitutional. Madison, in his letter to Livingston, said, in continuation : " I know not what may be the way of thinking on this subject in Louisiana [i. e. in reference to appointing a festival which was not recognized by the Catholics]. I should suppose the Catholic portion of the people, at least, as a small and even unpopular sect in the United States, would rally, as they did in Virginia when religious liberty was a leg-islative topic, to its broadest principle." Madison thus asserts that the " broadest principles" of the Constitution would en-tirely preclude the chief Executive from thus interfering in the religious -affairs of the Nation, and suggests that Catholics would have the right to demand that the Constitution should be strictly adhered to. "Notwithstanding the general progress," continues Madison, "made within the last two centuries in favor of this branch of liberty, and the full establishment of it in some parts of our country, there remains in others a strong bias towards the old error, that without some sort of alliance or coalition between government and re-ligion, neither can be duly supported. Such indeed, is the tendency to such a coalition, and such its corrupting influence on both the parties, that the danger cannot be too carefully guarded against." Yet, instead of guarding against this danger, we see the practice becoming more and more common, and even see the people petitioning by the thousands for further encroachments by the Government on the religious rights of individuals. Madison seemed to foresee this, and emphasized the importance of educating public opin-ion on the subject. " And in a government of opinion, like ours," -he said, " the only effectual guard must be found in the soundness and: sta-bility of the general opinion on the sub-ject. Every new and successful example, 'therefore, of a perfect separation of eccie-.siast-ical and civil matters, is of importance and I have no doubt that every new exam-ple will succeed, as every past one has done, in showing that religion and gov-ernment will both exist in greater purity the less they are mixed together. It was the belief of all sects at one time that the establishment of religion by law was right and necessary; that the true religion ought to be established in exclusion of every other; and that the only question to'be de-cided was, Which was the true religion ? The example of Holland proved that a tol-eration of sects dissenting from the es-tablished sect was safe, and even useful. The example of the Colonies, now States, which rejected religious establishments altogether, proved that Ł all seas might be safely and advantageously put on. a footing of equal and entire freedom; and a continuance of their example since the Declaration -of Independence has shown that its success in the Colonies was not to be ascribed to their connection with the par-ent country. If a further confirmation of the truth could be wanted, it is to be found in the examples furnished by the States which have abolished their religious establishments. I cannot speak particu-larly of any one of the cases excepting that of Virginia, where it is impossible to deny that religion prevails with more zeal and a more exemplary priesthood than it ever did When established and pat-ronized by public authority. -We are teaching the world the great truth that governments do better without kings than with them. The merit will be doubled by the other lesson : that religion flourishes in greater purity without, than with, the aid of government." Thus closes Madison's dissertation on the subject of appointing religious observ-ances, and these opinions coming, as they do, from the principal framers of our political system, show how unwarranted and unconstitutional it is, on the part of the President to assume the authority to appoint a day of thanksgiving or any other religious festival. They Understand It Already. To the Lutherans of Wisconsin and Illinois, in their opposition to the Bennett law and its counterpart, America proposes to teach a lesson. It proposes to instruct the Lutherans in their duty in the matter of the education of their children, and in order to do so more effectually it goes to Germany for the principles which it wishes to inculcate. It might be well to say to America that perhaps the Germans know as much about the system in Ger-many as America does, and that if they had wanted to follow that system they would have staid there instead of coming here. America presents the fact that in- the German schools, the German language is taught; that religion is taught; and that State inspection of schools is univer-sal in Germany, private schools not being excepted; and then argues that, as the Lutherans at home " had to submit " to that, they ought not to complain when  required to submit to the same thing in this country. If the principles of monarchy, of pater-nalism, not to say of despotism, that char-acterize the German government, are to be the model for the States of this Union to follow, then there is no use of talking any longer, of American principles. That the defenders of the Bennett law in Wis-consin and its counterpart in Illinois have to appeal to foreign principles to sustain their cause is the strongest indictment that could -be made against the laws which they try thus to sustain. Any law or any movement which cannot be sustained without appealing to European principles, to principles of monarchy, to principles of Church and State governments, and of paternalism generally, has no place among American institutions, and is not worthy of recognition by the American people. And to call a paper "America" that does so, is a misnomer. A. T. J. What Are the Facts? IN 1885 Rev. W. F. Crafts published his book, " The Sabbath for Man," in which he relates that in order to obtain a world-wide view of Sabbath observance he corresponded with more than two hun-dred persons residing in nearly every na-tion of the world. One of the questions which he asked was Where have you seen the best Sabbath observ-ance ? To this, a San Francisco pastor re-sponded :Š Among the Christian people of California. Mr. Crafts's question and the San F'Mn-cisco pastor's answer to it are foundvon page 95 of his book before referred to. On the preceding page occur these words :Š Both laymen and ministers say that even in eit)i fornia the Sabbath is, on the whole, better obseAted and Christian services better attended than five years ago. "Five years ago," from the standpoint of 1885, was three years before the repeal of the California Sunday law. Therefore, taking into consideration all that Mr. Crafts said upon this subject, we con-cluded that according to testimony pub-lished in his own book, California had in 1885, when the State had been without a Sunday law for two years, better and more general Sunday observance than it had under a Sunday law. But in a recent article in the Christian Statesman, Mr. Crafts complains that we have been unfair in this matter. He says :Š A single Christian minister of that State wrote me that he had seen no better Sabbath observance than in some Christian families in California. This remark, quoted by me, among two hundred answers to the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance ? " is used with characteristic dishonesty . . . as my own verdict that Cali-fornia itselfŠnot some of its Christian homesŠhas the best of Sabbath observance. If Christians were as scarce and morals as bad in the rest of the land 