THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 67 it, that either the Papal system is a gross apostasy, or the Reformation of the sixteenth century was an inexcusable schism. We are compelled to affirm the first part of the prop-osition; they who are petting the Papacy, as the leading men of the large denomina-tions in America are doing to-day, are in effect Ł denouncing the work of Luther and Melanctbon. But we do not indict the individuals com- posing that church as being, in the aggregate, shiners above the rest of mankind. The in- dictment lies against the system under which they acted. Under a similar system, others have followed their example ; and under like circumstances others would yet de the same. National Christianity is a perversion of Christianity, and as such it carries in its boSorn;inlierent in its nature, all the evils that have cropped out in the history of the Papacy. The principle was incorporated into the early religious systems of New England, and the cruelties of Salem were the result. The complacency with which religious bigots look upon and speak of the sufferings of those who bold a belief differing from their own, is enough to shock the sensibilities of the heathen. A boOk published in London, in 1661, en- titled " Heresiography," furnishes a notable example. It was written by "Ephraim Pagitt, late minister of St. Edmonds, Lombard Street." What must be the heart of a professed min-ister of the gospel who can write in the fol- lowing strain? OF ANABAPTISTS. "7. How Christian princes have suppressed these sectaries, and especially how they have been punished in ngland. " As you have heard of their detestable and blasphemous errors, so I propose to speak a word or two of the severe punish-ments inflicted upon those wicked sectaries. "Anabaptism continued in Germany in its vigor, not much above ten years, they were destroyed and suppressed by the Christian indgistrates; at Frankbus there were slain about five thousand of them, and three hun-dred, 'executed with Muncer; at Nuremburg also a great number was slain Ł at Zwick they drowned them that were rebaptized; at Vi-enne they did the like; at Passow many were burned and drowned; in the Low Coun-tries at AmsterdampLeyden, Harlem, and in ail other places else, they were severely pun-ished. Pontanus writeth of the destruction of 150,000 persons. "The Christian princes and magistrates never left off burning, drowning, and destroy-ing them, till their remainder was contempt-;  ible. A remnant of them came to England in two ships, where they have been lurking. They came hither about the, year 1535. In the year 1538 we read, of them in our Chron-icles, viz., upon the 24 day of Novem., the said year, four Dutch Anabaptists bare fagots at Paul's Cross, and again of the burn-ing of two Dutch Anabaptists in Smithfield the 27 of November. "Again of two Dutch Anabaptists burnt, in the highway beyond Southwark, leading to Newington, Anno 1539. Again upon Easter day, 1575, of a congregation of Dutch Ana-baptists discovered in a house, without the bars at Algate, of whom twenty-seven were taken of them, four recanted at Paul's Cross, the 25 day of May, in form following:Š "WHEREAS, I, T. R. H., being seduced by the devil, the spirit of error, and by false teachers, have fallen into most damnable and detestable errors, namely, "1. That Christ took not flesh of the substance of the Virgin Mary. "2. That the infants of the faithful ought not to be baptized. "3. That a Christian man may not be a magistrate, or bear the sword or office of authority.. "4. That it is not lawful for a Christian man to take an oath." Here follows the form of recantation, and the profession they 'were compelled to make, and the record continues :-- "Anno 1575, in the seventeenth year of Queen Elizabeth, of blessed memory, on6 man and ten women, Dutch Anabaptists, were in the consistory of Paul's, condemned to be burnt in Smithfield, but after great pains taken with them, only one woman was converted, and the other banished the land. " The 22 of July in the same year, two Dutchmen, Anabaptists, were burnt in Smith-field, who died in great horror, crying and. roaring: this was the entertainment that these sectaries had in times past." Go where you will, look through all his-tory, and you will find that this spirit al-ways accompanies the enforcement of relig-ion. And we need not wait for a National religion to be set up to have this spirit gen-erated; it is the presence of this spirit that calls for and establishes National religion. Where the Spirit of Christ is; where the meek and tender spirit of genuine Christian-ity exists; where men pity the erring, and strive to fulfill the divine requirement to love their neighbors as themselves, there can be no enforcement of religion, no lording it over the consciences of others. This spirit of persecution for differences of religious belief is strongly manifesting itself in the utterances of the self-styled National Reformers. Already they complacently de-clare what shall be the fate of those who "interfere with my faith," or dare to have a faith and practice not in all things consistent with their views of State religion. They talk of disfranchising non-conformists, with all the coolness of inquisitors who already had their victims in their power. And, strange to say, but few of the people take the alarm, though they can see the spirit of persecution spread-ing, and the idea of a State-enforced religion everywhere being received with favor. Ł Mr. Robert Robinson, the able Baptist his-torian, of Cambridge, England, in his "Ecclesi-astical Researches," speaking of the action of Leo III., and of the Papacy as a system, said :Š Ł " Dominion over conscience is antichrist anywhere. At rie antichrist is of age, a sovereign, and we rs a crown; at the meanest meeting-house if the same kind of tyranny be, antichrist is a beggar's baby at the breast, but as conscience everywhere is a throne of God, so an usurper of his throne is antichrist anywhere."ŠPp. 172, 173. And again he used the following most truthful and forcible language :Š ." Religion neither is, nor can be, forced; and there is no danger in allowing it to be free. Happy are the States which provide for a free exercise of religion ! Happier .still are they that confine the civil magistrate to civil affairs, and let religion wholly alone."ŠP. 176. But a little over a century ago there was a  terrible struggle in North America to estab-lish civil liberty. The struggle for religious liberty in the United States is yet before us. People imagine that it was established with civil liberty; but signs and events are prov-ing that it yet stands on a very slender foot- ing. , J. H. W. "i Ł eŁ The Savor of Tyranny. SENATOR BLAIR'S National Sunday Bill de-clares that no person shall "engage in any play, game, or amusement, or recreation, to the disturbance of others on the first day of the week, commonly called the Lord's day, or dur- ing any part thereof." Some of the States already have the same sort of Sunday laws as this. California has no Sunday. law, much less one of this kind. But not long ago the city of San Francisco had, on another subject, an ordinance of the same nature as this passage in the National Sun-day Bill. San Francisco has no such ordi-nance now, however ; the merit of the ordi- nance came up before the Superior Court, and the whole thing was treated with the con- tempt which all such statutes only deserve. The ordinance read as follows:Š Ł "No person shall in any place indulge in conduct having a tendency to annoy persons passing or being upon the public highway or upon adjacent premises." A man by the name of Ferdinand Pape was distributing some circulars on the street, which had "a tendency to annoy" somebody; he was arrested. He applied to the Superior Court for a writ of habeas corpus, claiming that the offense charged against him did not constitute a crime, and that the ordinance making such action an offense was invalid and void, because it was unreasonable and uncertain. The report of the case says:Š "The writ was made returnable before Judge Sullivan, and argued by Henry Hut-ton in behalf of the imprisoned offender. Disposing of the question, the Judge gave quite a lengthy written opinion, in which he passed a somewhat severe criticism upon the absurdity of the contested ordinance, and discharged Pape from custody. Said the Judge:Š " If the order be law, enforceable by fine and imprisonment, it is a crime to indulge in any conduct, however innocent and harmless in itself; and however unconsciously done, which has a tendency to annoy other persons. The rival tradesman who passes one's store with an observant eye as to the volume of business is guilty of a crime, because the very thought of rivalry and reduction of business has a tendency to annoy. The passing of the most lenient creditor has a tendency to annoy, be-cause it is a reminder of obligations unful-filled. The passing of a well-clad, industri-ous citizen, bearing about him the evidence of thrift, as a tendency to annoy the vaga-bond, whose laziness reduces him to a condi-tion of poverty and discontent. The impor-tunities of the newsboy who endeavors with such persistent energy to dispose of his stock, has a tendency to annoy the prominent citi-zen who has already read the papers, or who expects to find them at his door as he reaches home. He who has been foiled in an at-tempted wrong upon the person or property of another, findS a tendency to annoy in the very passing presence of the person whose honesty or ingenuity has circumvented him. 