28S SIFINPINITY__40 Vol,. 9, No. 36. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 13, 1894. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will he asked to pay for it. THE article on " Saint Worship," on page 282, Will be a revelation to many. So-called Protestantism has become so in-different to the errors of Romanism that it has largely lost sight of them, so that thousands of people are ignorant of what Roman Catholicism really is. A careful reading of the article referred to will re-veal the fact that instead of being Chris-tian, Romanism is essentially pagan, and that its invocation of saints, instead of honoring the Creator, is as verily idolatry as is the ancestral worship of the Chinese. WE introduce this week a new feature into the SENTINEL, namely, a department of " Significant Paragraphs " without note or comment, and without expressed ap-proval or dissent. The intelligent reader will have no difficulty in supplying his own comments and this he can do at any length, while we are necessarily limited by our space. We believe that this will be an interesting feature of the paper, and we invite our readers to assist in making it so by sending us pertinent facts and opinions on live topics bearing upon reli-gious liberty. To be of any value the name and date of papers from which clippings are made must be given in every instance. A READER in Wisconsin sends a postal card containing the following, which we reproduce for the sake of others who may also have noted the error:Š In an article on "Papal Infallibility," on page 268, center column, issue of August 30, is u reference to Luke 29: 25. Where will I find it ? Tell in first issue after receiving this. The error is of course one that should not have occurred, especially as the book of Luke has but twenty-four chapters; yet as the subject of the text is given, proba-bly most who noticed it have been able to locate the scripture referred to either by their knowledge of the Bible or by the use of a concordance. Nevertheless for the convenience of those who, like our corre-spondent, have not been able to do so, we give the proper reference, namely, Luke 22:25. THAT octopus, the Roman Catholic Church, is fastening its tentacles even upon heathen China. The Monitor, a Catholic paper published in San Fran-cisco, boasts that " another indication of the importance to which the Church has attained in China is the appointment of a Catholic bishop to be a mandarin of the third class. This bishop is the Right Rev. Mgr. Auger, Bishop of Telepte, Vicar- Apostolic of Southern Chantong. He is now one of the officials of the Chinese empire, and is held in the highest esteem by all classes." But it is not the political influence or even supremacy of Rome that is most to be feared. It is her soul-destroying doc-trines which should be shunned, for they " drown " souls " in perdition," while civil authorities can, at the worst, only enslave men's bodies and destroy their lives. THosH who read carefully the article on the first page of this paper will wonder how anybody could have been deceived by the papal platitudes about going for-ward bearing in one hand the popish bible and in the other an emasculated and dis-torted constitution; the one falsely la-beled " The Book of Christian Truth," the other " The Constitution of the United States." It is not so strange, however, that under the magnetism of a gifted orator, an audience largely in sympathy with the speaker should be moved by his eloquent words rather than by sound reason; but it is more than passing strange that such a paper as the Independent, of this city, should, months after the utter-ance of such a sentiment, quote it in cold type as though Mgr. Satolli had really meant the Bible as it is, and the Constitu-tion of the United States as it reads. And yet this is done in an article in the Inde-pendent, of August 16. ft is true that it is not an editorial utterance, but it appears in the paper without dissent, and is evi-dently approved. But let no true Protes-tant be deceived by such Jesuitical utter-ances. Rome curses alike the Protestants' Book of sacred truth and the .patriot's copy of the Constitution of the United States. Read the article referred to in this paper, and then when Rome asks for applause, Keep your seat. WE have said before that these Saturday-Sabbath people are the worst enemies of the Lord's day we have to contend with in our effort to secure a quiet Sabbath; it looks from this that they are the worst enemies the State has to contend with in its battle with anarchy.ŠChristian States-man, Sept. 1, 1894. This, is just what " these Saturday-Sabbath people " have expected for forty years. We have all that time known from the Scriptures of Truth that those who were loyal to God's Government would be denounced as enemies of civil government. The following quotation from " Great Controversy," page 409, proves that we have been looking for just this thing :Š Those who honor the Bible Sabbath will be denounced as enemies of law and order, as breaking down the moral restraints of society, causing anarchy and cor-ruption, and calling down the judgments of God upon the earth. Their conscientious scruples will be pro-nounced obstinacy, stubbornness, and contempt of authority. They will be accused of disaffection toward the Government. Ministers who deny the obligation of the divine law will present from the pulpit the duty of yielding obedience to the civil authorities as or- dained of God. In legislative hall and courts of jus-tice, commandment-keepers will be censured and misrepresented. A false coloring will be given to their words; the worst possible construction will be put upon their motives. But Adventists are not the enemies of civil order; and to all such accusations, whether from pulpit or press, they reply in the words of Elijah to the wicked Ahab : We " have not troubled Israel ; but thou and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the Lord, and hast followed" the man of sin by ob-serving his false Sabbath. A TELEGRAM from Pittsburg, Pa., states that the Grand Army encampment is to be made the occasion for beginning an agitation, designed to be national in its extent, for the training in military science of all the schoolboys in the country. A special committee was appointed at a re-cent meeting of the advisory council of, the patriotic orders in Allegheny County, which is planning to place the subject before the encampment. It is proposed to get a law passed by Congress binding the United States to furnish its military tactics and supply drill sergeants to all States that enact laws for their introduc-tion into their schools. Teachers are to be required to learn the tactics. Petitions are to be generally circulated here during the encampment, addressed to Congress, and their circulation will be kept up after-ward. There will be an endeavor made to have the Pennsylvania legislature pass favorable laws this winter. It is contended that the plan would give the United States the finest citizen soldiery in the world. IN his " Sunday Reform Leaflets " for September, Rev. Edward Thomson, LL: D., says of the Sunday movement :Š There is no compelling men to be religious or sup-porting State church, no Puritanical bigotry. The Jew, or Mohammedan, or pagan simply must not make a boisterous demonstration, such as the parade on Sunday. Why ?ŠBecause the vast majority of the people see fit to worship on that day. The Jew, or Mohammedan, or pagan must not keep open shop that day. Why ?ŠBecause the people have decreed a rest-day from labor once a week to help humanity, and that is the day. And in order that people may not be disturbed, and in order that they may rest, everybody else must rest likewise! Even the Tennessee and Maryland farmers must not do any work, however quiet, or in however retired a place! And why ? Let the courts of Tennessee answer,ŠBecause it is " immoral and of pernicious effect." And this is the much vaunted "civil Sunday," the greatest fraud of the century. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, pert  ear, - - 900 25 to 99 " " "80c 100 to 249 " " " - - 75c 250 to 499 " " " 4 70c 4 4 500 to 999 " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " 4 I - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 L'ond Street, New York City. 