THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 307 such terms as " Americanism " and an "American church," but study to know where lies the true principle of Amer-ican Government. Let me say here, that to the true Chris-tian, the true church, another and entirely different work has been given, than that of dominating over the rights of others. The true Christian has always stood in vindi-cation of these rights.ŠPubliu,s, in Mar-shall County, Minn., Banner. Mr. Ware and Seventh-day Adventists. IN his last issue of the Michigan Sab-bath Watchman, the July and August number, Mr. Francis W. Ware, the editor, devotes no less than twelve col-umns of his valuable (?) space to attacks upon the Christian denomination known as Seventh-day Adventists, notwithstand-ing the fact that in his April number he " thanked God" their " days were num-bered," and stated that they were on their "death-bed," and were ",coming speedily to an end." He now; however, admits that "as a business concern with a reli-gious name and nomenclature" the de-nomination "is driving considerable busi-ness "Šaltogether too much, no doubt, to suit Mr. Ware. A very prominent feature of the " busi-ness" being performed by this people is that of preaching the keeping of "the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 14 : 12. They preach that the faith of Jesus is "the power of God unto salvation," and that this power in the heart of the believer in Jesus Christ will enable him to "keep the command-ments of God." As one of these commandments says " the seventh day is the Sabbath " and commands that this day be kept holy, the Adventists keep it and preach it as it reads, and shun not to declare that Sun-day is not the Sabbath of the Lord, how-ever much it may be preached and prayed and sung and legislated upon as such. Inasmuch as Mr. Ware and his paper and the organization under which he is working (the American Sabbath Union) are all laboring to "protect and promote the observance of" Sunday as the Sab-bath of the Lord, and are in favor of do-ing this by means of civil law, which Sev-enth-day Adventists claim upon the author-ity of the teachings of Christ is not a gos-pel method of work, Mr. Ware of course regards them as his natural enemies. And as it is natural for a man to seek to subdue and put down his enemies, and as Mr. Ware regards this people as a " busi-ness concern," he will no doubt seek to put a stop to their "business," by shutting up their publishing houses, which he has already seriously declaimed against; by boycotting their other institutions, which he has already warned the people against patronizing; and by persecuting the Ad-ventists themselves, and thus do his part in fulfilling that prophecy which foretold a condition of things in this Government of boasted civil and religious liberty, in which it would be declared "that no man might buy or sell save he that had the mark,"Šthe mark of the Papacy, which is the false or Sunday Sabbath,Šand finally, " that as many as would not worship the image of the beast "Šthe likeness of the Papacy in this countryŠ"should be killed." Rev. 13 : 11-18. Mr. Ware is following no uncertain course. It is the path the papists trod be- fore him. That this is so may be seen in the fact that no straw will be laid in his way by the papists, in prosecuting the work he is now engaged in, but they will bid him God-speed, and when the proper time comes will rally to his assistance to defend the institution of their own substi-tuting,Šthe false and rival Sabbath. He may seek to cast stigma and contempt upon those who honor the divine precepts of Jehovah as much as he pleases, by classing them with the low and vile, some of whom, however, know far more about justice and the rights of humanity than do many religious bigots; but one thing is certain, and that is, that in his fight for the Sunday Sabbath Mr. Ware will have the papists for his backers. They know full well there is no authority in the Bible for the Sunday Sabbath, and are only too well pleased to have professed Protestants take the lead in the defense of the un-scriptural institution. Mr. Ware, who is a Methodist minister, ought also to know that there is no scrip-tural authority for the Sunday Sabbath, for the "Methodist Theological Compen-dium," page 103 (edition 1865), says:Š It is true, there is no positive command for in-fant baptism, . . . nor is there any for keeping holy the first day of the week. But compendiums and disciplines and even the Bible itself count for nothing when men are wedded to hoary-headed tradition, and are set for the defense, not of the gospel, but of the commandments and doctrines of man. Reader, where are you going to stand in this conflict ? W. A. COLCORD. The War Is On. THE war is on. The question as to whether this land of freedom, purchased at the terrible cost it was, shall by its legislative acts commit it to a policy that must lead only to a repetition of the Dark Ages, is coming to the front with wonder-ful rapidity, and is destined to be one of the leading issues of the immediate fu-ture. The American people are awaken-ing to the fact that the decision of Judge Brewer and the action of Congress in passing the Sundry Civil Service bill with the proviso for Sunday closing of the World's Fair, are entirely out of harmony with the foundation principles of this Gov-ernment. Protests are being entered at every point and from every quarter against these things. When the Brewer decision was ren-dered, these religio-political guardians of Sunday sacredness declared that the ques-tion was "settled," and on this decision urged that a Sunday-closing proviso to the World's Fair appropriation was perfectly constitutional, and because of the persist-ency of the religious element back of this movement, both senators and representa-tives voted for the appropriation against their expressed convictions to the con-trary, simply as a matter of " wise states-manship," and because their "action would be sustained by their constituency." The Mail and Express, the great champion of enforced Sunday observance, is very much stirred over the protests that are raised to this movement to " disgrace the Nation and outrage the religious sen-timent of millions of our best citizens, by publicly desecrating the Sabbath and de-fying and defeating the law of the land," and calls on all lovers of the " American Sabbath" to "resist to the end by every  possible means, this attempt to defy the sentiment of a Christian nation and the law of the divine Ruler." It further gives expression in a late editorial as follows:Š It is full time that these advocates of irreligion, who would erect upon the ruins of the American Sabbath the carnival feast day of continental Europe, should be taught, once for all, that the Sabbath is an American institution resting upon the fundamental law of the land, as well as a re-ligious institution resting upon the authority and command of its divine Founder. " Should be taught " and " taught once for all " !! How ? A " Rev." gentleman intimates his method of thus teaching what the Sunday Sabbath is, as follows:Š Those who oppose the opening of the Columbian Exposition on Sunday are no better than anarchists, and in Chicago they hang anarchists. The Rev. Dr. McAllister had this to say five years ago :Š Those who oppose this work now will discover, when the religious amendment is made to the Con-stitution, that if they do not see fit to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences or seek some more congenial clime. And now that the amendment to the Constitution, to which he refers, is to all practical intents and purposes made, we may expect that he will seek to carry out his threat against those who " do not see fit to fall in with the majority." Rev. M. A. Gault, whose name is famil- iar to THE SENTINEL readers as a zealous advocate of religious legislation, a few years ago expressed himself on this sub-ject as follows :Š Don't think we are advocating war; but if we are not faithful in the use of these other means, as it was with the anti-slavery question, after they had agitated and petitioned, and used the ballot, they drew the sword ; so shall we as a last resort be compelled to use the sword and the bullet. And the editor of the Mail and Express in a conversation with the writer in the city of Des Moines, Iowa, last winter, up-held the decision of Judge Hammond in the King case, with the significant remark that when people persistently violated the law of the land as Mr. King had, they must suffer the consequences. But the editor of the Mail and Express at the close of his editorial above quoted, assumes a puritanical aspect, draws down his face to its utmost, and after " de-ploring" the fact that the Board of Lady Manager's of New York, came within one vote of carrying the proposition to open the gates of the Exposition on Sunday, says:Š We deeply regret this obstinate resistance of fully and freely expressed and embodied public opinion. Yes, really, it is too bad that there is such an "obstinate resistance" to this move-ment ! The writer recalls a similar regret that was expressed some eighteen hundred years ago when there was an attempt on the part of the religious hierarchy to stifle religious investigation and suppress free-dom of speech in the early history of Christianity. And when they were not able to carry their point oven by threats of imprisonment, the record says that the priests and Sadducees were "grieved that they taught the people and preached through Jesus the resurrection from the dead." They felt very bad, and without doubt deeply regretted the " obstinate re-sistance" of the apostles; but how long they continued to be simply " grieved " is told a little further on, when it is stated that at about their next preaching service they "laid hands on them and put them in hold." Finding that this did not have the desired effect, they next " beat them," and finally for the purpose of teaching 