Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas 7eirerson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 30, 1889. NUMBER 40. -Tte An2eFiear2 3e0112e1. PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISNING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, B. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. _TONES. As appears from the program, which we pub-lish elsewhere, for the meeting of the Evangel-ical Alliance to be held in Boston early in De-cember, considerable time is to be given to the discussion of the question of. Sunday legislation. All of Thursday is, it seems, to be devoted to this subject, and if we mistake not, something will be said on the same subject on Wednes-day and Friday evenings. We shall watch the proceedings of the Alliance with interest. THE Catholics of New Mexico are very indig-nant because the new State constitution provides that public schools be maintained on a non-sectarian basis. In other words, they have got the American-Sabbath-Union ideas of religious despotism, and accordingly want their Roman creed taught in the State schools to Protestants and 'unbelievers alikeŠthey certainly don't mean by " sectarian " that Protestantism shall be taught. But why don't they wait until Blair's amendment to the U. S. Constitution carries. That will inaugurate the scheme on a legal basis, under which 'the children will be compelled to imbibe a corrupt State religion.ŠMoral and Sci-entific Companion. N Ł THE Christian Standard (Cincinnati) criticises the so-called American Sabbath Union thus:Š " It is unfortunate that so respectable an association, organized for the very laudable aim of securing proper Sunday observance, should have adopted a name suggestive of something both theologically and historically obsolete. It will be impossible to estab-lish proper Sunday observance in the name or inter-est of Sabbatarianism, and the Union starts out heav-ily handicapped by its very title. Outsiders will be opposed to any Sunday legislation which is suspected of being urged in the interest of religion; while thou-sands of sincere Christians know that calling Sunday `the holy Sabbath' has no warrant whatever from Christ or his apostles. " There is nothing in the letter or spirit of Christian-ity which makes any honorable labor or innocent recreation of any day a sin for a Christian, or im-proper for an outsider. But since custom and law have united to set apart the first day of the week as a day of rest from secular employments, and since a weekly rest of this sort is good for man and beastŠespecially for the poorŠboth Christians and philan thropists may and can, might and could, unite to secure 'legislation and organize a public sentiment which shall enforce such an observance of Sunday as will promote all good interests. It will never be  done, however, by a ' Sabbath' Union, or ' Sabbath' Association, or ' Sabbath ' anything else. It is too suggestive of church interference with matters of State, and all sorts of suspicions will scent something." It is somewhat significant that the Standard does not expresS the opinion that " Christians and philanthropists " should unite in a demand for Sunday laws. Nobody doubts that they " can, might, and could," but the question is, Is it right for them to do it? We think not. The American Sabbath Union and Human Rights. IN Dr. Herrick Johnson's address before the American Sabbath Union, on the Sunday news-paper, as published in the March Monthly Doc-ument of that association, there are four proposi-tions laid down concerning the Sunday newspaper, the last of which we, shall give special notice. Quoting from au Illinois Supreme Court Report, he says :Š " Every individual has the right to the enjoyment of the Christian Sabbath without liability to annoyance from the ordinary secular pursuits of life, except so far as they may be dictated by necessity or charity." This proposition is self-evident, and needs no discussion. No one would uphold it snore stren-uously than would the editors of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. But there are some questions that we would' like to ask, to find out the idea of the Sunday-law advocates upon the subject of human rights. Suppose a man does not wish to exercise his right to rest on the first day of the week; what then? Must he be forced to exercise it? Will he be compelled to rest, whether he wishes to or not? If he is to be, then it is demonstrated that the law does not contemplate the protection of Sunday observance as a man's right, but the enforcement of it as a duty. Governments are organized for the protection of people's rights, not for the purpose of compelling them to exercise their rights, for it is considered self-evident, as a law of nature, that no man will need to be com-pelled to assert his own rights. Another point that should not be passed lightly by is this: How extensive an idea of human right have these Sunday-law advocates? Do they mean to imply that every man has a right to the enjoyment of a Sabbath rest whenever he chooses to take it, and on whatever day he chooses to rest? or do they mean to limit that right to a certain day ? Do they mean that every man has a right to be protected in the enjoyment of rest only on Sunday? This we should infer from the propo-sition, which plainly implies that a person has no right to the undisturbed enjoyment of rest on any other day. If they say that a man has a right to the undisturbed enjoyment of rest on the sev-enth day of the week, then they deprive them-selves-of all argument for a Sunday law; and if  they say that a man has not a right to rest upon Saturday, they thereby confess that their proposed law is a law against the rights of conscience ; for it is well known that those people do conscien- tiously rest upon the seventh day. This is just what they mean. That their movement for a National Sunday law is a movement to the effect that no one has any rights except those who keep Sunday, is evi- dent from the following. It has been quoted many times before in the SENTINEL, and it doubt-less will be quoted many times again, unless National Reform Sunday-law advocates specific-ally repudiate it. It is from Dr. Edwards' speech at the New York National Reform Convention. He says:Š " What are the rights of the atheist? I would toler-ate him as I would a poor lunatic, for in my view he is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, I would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator." And later he exclaims, " Tolerate atheism, sir? there is nothing out of hell that I would not tol-erate as soon." And what is Dr. Edwards' idea of an atheist? Following is his own statement, in the same lecture:Š " The atheist is a man who denies the being of a God and a future life. To him mind and matter are the same, and time is the be-all and the end-all of consciousness and of character. " The deist admits God, but denies -that he has any such personal control over human affairs as we call providence, or that he manifests himself and his will in a revelation. " The Jew admits God, providence, and revelation, but rejects the entire scheme of gospel redemption by Jesus Christ as sheer imagination, orŠworseŠsheer imposture. "The seventh-day Baptists believe in God and Christianity, and are conjoined with the other mem-bers of this class by the accident of differing with the mass of Christians upon the question of what precise day of the week shall be observed as holy. " These all are, for the occasion, and so far. as our amendment is concerned, one class. They use the same arguments and the same tactics against us. They must be counted together, which we very much regret, but which we cannot help. The first-named is the -leader in the discontent and in the outcry,Šthe atheist, to whom nothing is higher or more sacred than roan, and nothing survives the tomb. It is his class. Its labors are almost wholly in his interest; its success would be almost wholly his triumph. The rest are adjuncts to him in this contest. They must be named from him ; they must be treated as, for this question, one party." That is, the man who differs with the majority as to the exact day to be observed, the man who conscientiously observes the seventh day, because the Bible says so, instead of the first, concerning which the Bible says nothing, is classed as an atheist; and it is plainly declared that an atheist is not to be tolerated, except as a lunatic would be tolerated. A lunatic is allowed to run at 