Fra... a:41MM USA..  Equal and exact justice to all rrien., of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, AUGUST 28, 1890. NUMBER 34. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., Naw YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLmAN, W. H. MCKEE. THE St. Paul Dispatch, notes the fact that a new Russian war vessel is called The Twelve Apostles, and says : " Its presumable mission is to go abroad into all the world and preach the gospel ofŠfiend-ish despotism." And that is about as near as any civil government can come to preaching the gospel. Civil government always smuts religion when it touches it. -4 Ł JusT as long as Protestants insist, against all their principles of separation of Church and State, that there shall be religious exercises in the public schools, they have no argument against the Cath-olics. The reading of the Bible, or prayer, in the public schools is a relic of a State church, such as we used to have; and the fear of dropping it lest religion should suffer, is the survival of the cow-ardice which used to make the Church think it would perish if it lost the sup-port of the State,ŠIndependent. A CALIFORNIA paper has the following note :Š The Executive Committee of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union has appointed the Rev. Edward Thomson, D. D., LL.D., the State secretary of the association for California, and district secretary for the Pacific Coast. Ile has appointed a district convention in San Francisco, for August 16, 17, 18. Bishop Fowler is expected to preside, and Bishop John P. Newman will assist. The California Christian Advocate says : " This will be the opening of what we trust may  prove a successful campaign in the inter-ests of Sunday reform. The American Sabbath Union has accomplished great things in other States, and we doubt not if the Christian people of every denomin-ation will give Dr. Thomson and his co-workers a hearty welcome, that much may be done here." We presume that this means the beginning of active work with reference to the coming State elec-tion, Ł Ł  Ł  A Problem for Solution. THERE has been a great deal said, in and out of Congress, upon the question of a national system of education. There is much still being said, and there is also much that is proposed to be done. Sen-ator Blair, and many other senators, worked diligently to secure the passage of an act by which the United States Government should assume a considerable part in the control of the public schools in all the States. Then, again, Mr. Blair proposes, and large organizations of people support, a resolution to amend the Constitution of the United States, so that thereby the national Government shall be empowered to assume complete and total charge of the education of all the children in the United States. Then, again, Senator Edmunds proposes a bill for the establishment of a national uni-versity, for the higher education of people in the United States. In view of all these things it is proper to inquire what facilities and what quali-fications the national Government has for educating the people of the United States, whether partially as proposed in the Blair bill, or totally as in the Blair amendment, or in a university course as proposed by the Edmunds bill ? And happily, there is a means of answering to some extent, this interesting question. In the discussion of the Indian Appro-priation bill, which we have mentioned in THE SENTINEL, of the past two weeks, some important items are given which throw light upon this question. There are,  it appears, somewhere about thirty or forty thousand Indian children in the United States. These have been adopted by the United States Government. They are not only considered, but are called, wards of the Government. The Government has assumed the responsibility of their educa-tion; and how has it discharged this re-sponsibility ? Why, it is found that so far is it from being able to educate these few 'Indians, itself, that it has found it neces-sary to let out the work by contract to about fifteen different churches; and in the debate in the Senate it was claimed that this was necessary, and the best thing the Government could do in dis-charging its responsibility in educating the Indians. Now if the United States Government finds itself unequal to the task of educating thirty or forty thousand Indian children, how will it be able to educate all the children of the sixty-five millions of people in the United States ? More than this, it was openly and so-berly argued on the floor of the Senate, that the Government could not properly educate these Indian children without the aid of the churches. It was claimed by these senators that religion was necessary to the education of these children, and it was proper for the Government to unite with the churches in giving to the Indians such an education as only the churches can give. And this is clearly the view of the United States Senate, as is proved by the fact, that the appropriations of the past year are renewed to all the churches, with the addition of four new schools, with thousands of dollars each, to the Roman Catholic Church. This, therefore, being the view of the United States Senate in regard to the education of Indians, if any one of these educational measures proposed by Senators Blair and Edmunds, and supported by thousands upon thou-sands of the people in the United StatesŠif any one of these measures should be adopted, how would it be possible to keep the national Government separate from the churches in carrying these educational enterprises into effect ? 