388 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sunday as a cause for any of the physical defects found among the people of the island. "Phallic worship, by the progenitors of the Indies, or native Borinquin, laid the foundation for a slight-built race, and the indiscretions which have followed account for all the rest, coupled with unsanitary condi-tions and improper food." Prophetic History. IT has become a proverb, that "history repeats it-self." And in that lies the truth that history is in itself prophecy which conveys to the careful and wise student instruction and admonition concerning important move-ments in his own day and nation. Of all the nations that have existed, whose history las been completed, Rome was the greatest and had most of the elements of instruction and admonition to future peoples. And of all people, the people of the United States are the ones to whom the history of Rome speaks most personally. Rome was a republic. The United States has been a republic. These only are the two great republics of his-tory. The republic of Rome was the professed and acknowl-edged exemplar of liberty among the ancient -nations. The republic. of the United States has been the professed and acknowledged exemplar of liberty among the mod-ern nations. The republic of Rome assumed that it devolved upon her to extend by her power the blessing of liberty to foreign peoples. The republic of the United States has assumed that it devolved upon her to extend by her power the blessing of liberty to foreign peoples. In order to do this the republic of Rome sent over the seas her fleets and armies, sacrificed treasure and the lives of Roman citizens, fought battles, gained victo-ries, and established peace, for other peoples in order that those other peoples might have the privilege of enjoying assured liberty. For the same purpose the re-public of the United States has done the like things pre-cisely. So far, the course of the modern great republic has been exactly that of the ancient great republic. So much of the history of the ancient great republic;  therefore, has been prophetic of that of the modern great republic. The history of the ancient great republic did not cease at that point. Did the history of that great republic, which up to that point was prophetic of that of this great republic, cease at that point to be prophetic when the history itself did not cease at that point? When the republic of Rome had by her power secured to foreign peoples freedom from other masters, she as-serted over them her own mastery. And whereas for-merly for those peoples there had been some hope of freedom, because of the weakness of those kings who  designed to rule over them; now that Rome had gained the position to claim and assert mastery over them, their prospect of liberty was rendered absolutely hope-less by reason of the strength of the new master. In this, open despotism was established and prac-ticed abroad by that ancient great republic. And this practice of despotism abroad soon reacted and brought about the practice of despotism at home. First it was a despotism of the majority, next it was a despotism of a few, then a despotism of three, and at last a despot-ism of one. And from a republic, a government of the people, and the exemplar of liberty, she was become a monarchy, a government of one, and the extreme of despotism. Nor did the history of the ancient great republic stop at that point. After reigning in the extreme of despotism for a season and a time, a union was formed between this monarchy and an apostate church. And the multiplied evils of increased despotism and of every other sort speedily brought irretrievable ruin of govern-ment and even of society itself. Such was the course, and such is the history, of that ancient great republic from the point unto which that history is plainly prophetic of the course of this modern great republic. And, viewing conditions and procedure as they actually are to-day, what single indication is there that from this point to the full end, the history of the ancient great republic is anything else than pro-phetic of the course and destiny of the modern great republic? It may be asked, Where could be found new peoples, whence could they come, to sweep away in ruin the mod-ern great republic at its culmination according to the prophetic course of the ancient great republic?ŠThe answer is, that they cannot be found on the earth. But they are found, and they are appointed unto that very work. And here they are, also whence they come, and the work that is before them:Š "Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the Lord cometh, for it is nigh at hand; a day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations. A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burn-eth: the land is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness; yea, and nothing shall escape them. The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses; and as horsemen, so shall they run. Like the noise of chariots on the tops of moun-tains shall they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a strong people set in battle array. Before their face the people shall be much pained: all faces shall gather blackness. They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men of war; 