AMERICAN SENTINEL. 675 take him into their homes; yes, while these and even min-isters of the gospel set the example in the use of the deadly weed? The trouble with the youth of the country is first of all with those to whom the youth must look for guidance. The trouble with the whole country is not primarily with the bad men, but with the "good" men who, in their am-bition to reform others, have become insensible to any needed reformation in themselves. THE present day theocrats continually ring the changes on the statement that "Jesus Christ is the Saviour of the state and the nation, as well as of the in-dividual." But not one of them spends any time in tell-ing the people just what and where the state and nation would be, if there were no individuals. Yet this is just the point upon which turns their whole contention. Without a plain and distinct exposition of this point, all their words are simply a darkening of counsel without knowledge. Ł -4 4 Activity in Time of Peace. Nom long since we received a communication from a personal friend, who in a kind manner took occasion to suggest that we were setting up men of strawŠthat as there was no actual persecution going on, why discuss the principles of religious liberty so earnestly as we do? Many years ago one with keen foresight declared that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." This is just what the SENTINEL believes. When this paper first made its appearance, a short life was predicted for it, because, it was said, the evils it contends against do not exist. True, they were not full grown, but they were in embryo; and almost before the people were aware of it, they had developed into full-grown giants, stalking through the land, showing themselves as living realities. And while there is just for the time being a lull in the di_ rection of active persecution, yet there is no real diminu-tion in the activity of the forces that are behind the movement. Indeed, they are continually gathering strength, and no intelligent, observant individual can affirm that the SENTINEL made its appearance any too soon. When it is known that a midnight smoldering fire threatens the inmates of a home, shall the alarm not be given for fear of disturbing their peaceful dreams? In-deed it should be given, and in no uncertain tones. True, there is a little lull just now, but pernicious in-fluences are at work blinding minds as to the true issues at stake; and the SENTINEL wants all the people to know It is for this reason that "in times of peace we pre-pare for war"Šnot with carnal weapons, but with the dissemination of the principles of civil and religious lib-erty before the world. It is for this reason, too, that now we are preparing for more aggressive action than  ever before; and whenever the opportunity presents, we shall expect our friends everywhere to help along the good work by putting their shoulders to the wheel. We shall be heard from further along this line. Jeffersonian. Principles of Government. ONE of the four leading candidates for election to the office of mayor of "Greater New York" is conducting his campaign upon the platform of the principles of Jefferso-nian democracy. In a recent newspaper interview he gave to a reporter the following forcible statement, con-trasting the government of Jefferson's time with that of to-day, as regards its relation to the needs and rights of the people:Š "They [Jeffersonian principles] can be summed up in the statement that a man has the right to do everything he pleases excepting to injure others; that the right use of government is to insure him this liberty, to defend him from injustice, and protect him in enjoying and using all advantages and opportunitie'S which nature has pro-vided. "The government we have now is a long way from being a government of that kind. "Jefferson believed that all just government rests on the consent of the governedŠthat the freest government is the best and most stable. "We are going astray after the insane and criminal delusion that the best government is a government by forceŠthe greater the force the better. "If Jefferson were to come to New York to-day, the first thing which would strike him would be the presence here of a class of people who are doing their best to make our armories more impressive and more costly than our public schools. "Jefferson taught that it is not necessary to kill peo-ple in order to govern them. He denied that any gov-ernment had any right whatsoever to commit such whole-sale, systematic, and persistent homicide as had been made the basis of all government up to his day. He as serted that the money which was being put into standing armies, navies, armories, and cannon, should be taken out and,  put into schools, churches, and colleges. "When the Tories of his day cried out that this would result in anarchy and denounced him as a Jacobin and a dangerous character, he replied : 'Trust the people!' "His whole system rests on those four immortal syl-lables, `Trust the people.' "A government which trusts the people will not take it for granted in advance that it will be necessary to,  shoot large numbers of them in order to maintain prop-erty rights. It will reason rather that property rightsŠthe right to earn, to use all natural opportunities to the best advantage, and to enjoy each man the fruits of his own labor and skillŠare the most sacred rights of the people, and that only the people themselves, are the fit guardians of rights so inestimable. "A Hazleton massacre would be impossible under a Jeffersonian government. In the first place, the monopo. listic and fraudulent abuse of capital responsible for it would be impossible. In the second, honest capital, hon-estly employed, would no longer have that fear, of theŁ 