210 Aium,nbAN sioNTTNE,q,. Vol- 10, No. 27. . spirit of broad, and liberal interpretation, that would set at naught bad precedents and estab-lish a landmark of common sense and justice. A nuisance to whom? Has one individual rights over another in matters of freedom of conscience and action that do not violate well-established. custom, propriety and good taste? A nuisance instinctively puts one in mind of something repugnant to good taste, obnoxious to the morals, shocking to the sensibilitiek, in-jurious to the well-being of society. We might say much more but space forbids. We ask the reader to think over this matter as something that vitally interests him, and hope that he will array his influence in favor of the broadest possible amount of spiritual and secular liberty consistent with good cit-izenship and the best interests of society. ŁŁŁ THE IMMORALITY OF SUNDAY LAWS VS. THE "IMMORALITY" OF SUNDAY WORK. THE charge against the Seventh-day Advent-ists on trial this week at Dayton, Tenn., for Sunday work, is that they are guilty of nui-sance, because Sunday work is " immoral and of pernicious effect." But is Sunday work immoral? The word immoral is defined by the best dictionaries, as follows:Š Not moral; inconsistent with rectitude, purity, or good morals; contrary to conscience or the divine law; wicked; unjust; dishonest; vicious; licentious; as, an immoral man; an immoral deed.ŠWebster's Interna-tional Dictionary. Not moral; wanting in principle or morality; un-principled; dishonest; depraved.ŠEncyclopedic Dic-tionary. Not moral; not conforming to or consistent with moral law; unprincipled; dissolute; vicious; licen-tious.---Century Dictionary. It is evident from these definitions that the moral or immoral character of an act rests upon a more substantial basis than the mere whim or even the deliberate judgment of men; it is inherent in the act itself. An im-moral act must be violative either of - one's duty to God or to his fellow-men. Nothing can be made either moral or immoral by hu-man law. For instance, marriage, which is a proper, natural and perfectly moral relation, would not become immoral even if prohibited by civil statute; nor would prostitution be-come moral even if legalized in every country in the world. The divine law alone, whether revealed in nature or by inspiration of God, gives moral character to human actions. " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalien-able rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights governments are instituted among men," and that for this purpose and within this sphere " the powers that be are ordained of God," and ought to be obeyed. Outside this sphere all pretended civil authority is usurpation and is itself immoral. Sunday Work Not An Offense Against Cod. That Sunday work is not an offense against God is evident from the fact that it is for-bidden by no divine law revealed either in nature or by inspiration. The divine law of the Sabbath declares: " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." To violate this law is to be guilty of immorality; but the Ten-nessee Adventists do not violate this law. It is admitted on all hands that they obey this divine Sabbath law. They must therefore be acquitted of immorality from Ł the standpoint of duty toward God. The Divine Being does not require Sunday rest. But even if this  were not true; if Sunday were the divinely-appointed Sabbath, and everybody admitted the fact, secular government would have no right to enforce its observance. Sunday Work Does Not Interfere With The Natural Rights Of Others. It is argued by some, however, that the prohibition of Sunday labor in Tennessee does not rest upon the religious idea, but upon a purely civil basis; and that the immorality of Sunday work lies not in the idea that it offends God, but in the fact that it is a violation of civil law. But such forget, or never knew, that " no man has a natural right to commit aggressions on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him; "* and that " every man is under the natural duty of contributing to the necessities of the society; and this is all the laws should enforce on him." * It is not pretended that private Sunday work by one man or by one family interferes with any natural right of another man or fam-ily, or that it prevents others from resting upon that day. No such charge is made against the Tennessee Adventists. Indeed, the universal testimony even of their enemies is that they have not disturbed others by their Sunday work; and the courts of the State have held that " it is not necessary to show that anybody was disturbed." In Georgia it was expressly stated by Judge Janes, in the Allison case: " You are not on trial for dis-turbing anybody." It follows as certainly as effect follows cause, that Sunday work is not immoral from the standpoint of natural human rights; and again and finally, the Adventists must be acquitted of the charge of doing that which is " immoral and of pernicious effect.", Sunday Workers Not Immoral. If Sunday work were " immoral and of pernicious effect," as is charged by the courts of Tennessee, its evil effects ought certainly to be most clearly seen upon those who engage in it habitually; but instead of being noted for immorality, the Seventh-day Adventists are everywhere acknowledged to be most ex-emplary people, honest and of good report. Even their enemies being the witnesses there is no fault to be found with them except con-cerning their Sunday work; in all else they are admittedly the best of citizens. The Immorality of Sunday Statutes. But what shall we say of the morality of Sun-day laws, so-called? They, as we have seen,,con-travene the divine law of the Sabbath. They command rest when the law of God enjoins activity; and they, indirectly at least, enjoin work when the law of God commands rest. The inevitable effect of such " laws" must be to destroy respect for the law of God, and to exalt the creature to the place which belongs of right to the Creator. When the State forbids honest labor on Sun-day it forces men into idleness. When Qod enjoins rest from labor, it is that the time may be employed in spiritual worship. God re-quires man to cease from his labor on the Sabbath, but he gives to man a spiritual na-ture, by means of which the cessation from labor is profitably employed. On the other hand the State compels idleness, but does not and cannot give to the idler that spiritual na-ture which enables him to properly employ the enforced idleness; and therefore, as Satan finds some mischief for idle hands to do, the State, in enforcing idleness on Sunday instead of promoting morality, is in reality fostering immorality. It is generally admitted that * Thomas Jefferson, " American State Papers," p. 69. more crimes are committed on Sunday than on any other day of the week. Again, Sunday statutes are immoral, because they demand for the State that which belongs to God. A weekly day of rest is the badge of God's authority, a sign of loyalty to him as the Creator and of faith in his power to save. By its Sunday laws, so-called, the State. robs God of the honor due him, destroys reverence for his law, and stifles the conscientious con-victions of many who might otherwise be won to the service of the true God and to the keeping of his divinely-ordained Sabbath. Again, when the State exempts certain oc-cupations such as barbering, railroading, steamboating, and certain trafficking such as selling drugs, meats, and groceries during certain hours,Šby these exemptions the State undertakes to amend the law of God and to decide for the individual what necessary or charitable labor is permitted on the Sabbath and what is not. In other words, the State presumes to act as conscience for the individ-ual and to decide questions which belong to the domain of individual conscience. From the reasons thus briefly given it must be clearly seen that Sunday legislation and not Sunday work " is immoral and of pernicious effect."  THE " CANADIAN BAPTIST " AND SUNDAY LAWS. A CORRESPONDENT has sent HS editorial clippings from the Canadian Baptist, Toronto, relative to the question of compulsory Sunday observance. He underlines some of the incon-sistencies in the editorials, and then writes at the bottom of the matter the words, " probe tenderly." The advice is good; and, at no time isŁ it more needed than when examining a Baptist's attempt to justify enforced Sun-day observance. After all that Baptists have suffered for their refusal to obey State-enforced church dogmas, and while proclaiming to the world that one reason for their existence is to teach the world the great principle of " soul-liberty " and separation of Church and State, to find them now defending the prosecution of seventh-day observers for refusing to bow to the laws enforcing the traditional church dogma of Sunday sacredness, it requires the exercise of more than human charity to pre-vent one from probing deep and energetically. But remembering our own mistakes, and how patient the Lord has been with us, and how slow we have been, and still are, to see and faithfully obey the unfolding light of truth, we are admonished to " probe tenderly." The Canadian Baptist is led to notice the question of Sunday laws, by learning of the conviction of the Seventh-day Adventists, J. Q. Allison and R. T. Nash, of Georgia and Mississippi, for doing farm labor on Sunday, and of the resolution passed by the American Baptist Publication Society, at its recent an-nual meeting at Saratoga, condemning these persecutions. After criticising the severity of the Georgia Sunday laws, the Canadian Baptist says:Š But, on the other hand, what are the State authori-ties, entrusted with the enforcement of the laws, to do with men who openly and, possibly, ostentatiously, persist in working on Sunday in the open fields, when their fellow-citizens are not permitted to do so ? Is it clear that such persons have any claim on our sympa-thies when the laws of the land are put in force against them? It may press hardly, and no doubt does f$0, on many, to lose the second day from the week. But, is it not the duty of a good citizen to obey the laws of his country? He may, of course, meanwhile do all in his power to obtain a modification or repeal of the law which he believes to be unjust. To show that this is the language of the persecutor, we will put it, slightly altered, into 