AMERICAN SENTINEL. 19 lifeless form? Suppose it were possible to petition Christ. to return to earth to rule us. How many of the people of New York would sign the petition? Would business men sign it? They would have to change their methods first. Would stock-brokers sign it? It would smash up their business pretty quick. Would saloon-keepers sign it? They would find their occupation gone should they do so. "I'll bring the question closer home to you. How about the churches? Do they want Him? Pride and form and dignity in the church would have to step down. " But we can bring the question even closer to us. How many ladies here would vote to have Him come? I think but few hands would be raised should the vote be taken this afternoon. "There is hardly a name so unpopular in the world to-day as that of Jesus Christ. Thank God there are a few who have stepped out of the world who.would welome Him!' Mr. Moody knows, and knows so well that he does not hesitate to state it to his congregations, that the "Christian nations" of to-day do not want Christ any more than did the Jewish nation of old. Even the church-going people, he says, do not constitute an excep-tion in this matter. And what Mr. Moody knows, thou-sands of others in the Church know as well. What meaning, then, is there in the movement, in which the churches and religions societies are now all en-gaged, to make this a "Christian nation" by the exer-cise of their political power. If the churches themselves are not Christian enough to want Christ with them as Mr. Moody described, how can they make anything else Christian? And if they cannot make the nation Chris-tian by the religious stamp which they propose to put upon it, what else can they do, but to make it antichris-tian? What else was ever done to a nation by giving it a religious stamp? This is the plain meaning of the movement to make the United States Government profess religion.  10--0--4 Fighting About Prayer. 31: H. F. PHELPS. UNDER the above heading, the papers of the North-west are giving an account of a disturbance in a certain school district in Minnesota, the root of which, it seems, is praying in the school. It is said that the "school row has just fairly begun." The clerk, who refused to issue an order,. notwithstanding the teacher was qualified for the position, has been fined $10. A prominent county official, who was present at the trial, made a statement that the practice of praying in the school would be con-tinued, while the majority of the school board declare that there shall be no praying in the school. This illustrates the folly of attempting to foist reli-gion on religious exercises upon a people against their  will; or to maintain religious ceremonies, even that of prayer, where it would be better religion to follow the example of the Saviour in withdrawing from the public gaze into the mountains for prayer. How Will They Conduct the Government ? IN the Forum for December, Rev. William Bayard Hale, of Middleboro, Mass., presents a striking review of the " Church Entertainments" of the year 1896. In this. Dr. Hale is doing a good work. In view of the fact that the combined churches of the land have taken it upon themselves to reform the country and especially the Gov-ernment upon their own ideas of propriety and morals, it is important that the country should know beforehand, so far as possible, about how those ideas run. As they propose to conduct the Government, it is well that the- people should know first how they conduct themselves. From a record "including more than five hundred. occasions," Dr. Hale is enabled authentically to report " such religious intelligence" as the following:Š " St. John's Church; Lowell, Massachusetts, in its. Easter festivities, prOduced Violet in Fairyland,' and A Comedy of Errors up to date.' The Unity Church, Brockton, the Porter Church, Brockton, and various. other congregations in surrounding towns, have de-lighted Southeastern Massachusetts with a laughable performance entitled 'Aunt Jemima's Album.' Another Brockton church ,has given a Wish-bone Party. TheEndeavorers of Menlo, Iowa, have engaged in a New Woman Social.' " St. Paul's, Rahway, New Jersey, and several other-religious societies, have presented that awakening and gladdening exhibition, The Mystic Midgets.' St. Paul's, Newburyport, Massachusetts, offered 'Mrs. Jarley's Wax-works,' rejuvenescent with Tiilby characters (without whom no well-ordered modern church performance complete) and The Mari who Tickled his Wives to Death. Grace Church, Salem, Massachusetts, scored heavily with its Masque of Culture.' St. Francis de Sales, Charles-town, Boston, entertained a thousand people at a Pro- gressive Whist Party. . "Members of the New Church, Bath, Maine, came for-ward with 'Woodcock's Little Game,' said to be a clever thing in the comedy vein, a brilliant series of Living Pic-tures, and,  that screaming farce, 'Poor Pillicoddy.' St. Paul's, Pawtucket, Rhode Island, held a Shakesperian Carnival; a reverend cleric, as Hamlet, did effective work in the ghost scene, and selected members of the choir, with others, rendered the lullaby from Midsummer Night's Dream:' Dancing furnished a fitting conclusion of the evening, the Grand March being led by Julius Cesar and the one hundred and twenty-five costumed actors. "Unusually successful was the last annual Fair of Highland Congregational Society, Larch Street, Provi-dence, whose place of worship was skilfully transformed into a market-place, where macaroni and suspendersŠspecially mentioned among other articlesŠwere sold. The First Parish, Groton, Massachusetts, danced the New Year in, and realized about twelve dollars. The Asbury M. E. Church, Providence, has given a Hay-seed Party, 