"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JULY 12, 1894. NUMBER 28.,  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. P. BALLENGER, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. As shown last week, there had come as early as the latter part of the third century of the Christian era, a falling away from the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, so that the way was fully prepared for the setting up of the papacy; but the perfect development of that power was not yet complete. IN order to its perfect development the papacy must have the aid of the State. Before the bishop of Rome could be ex-alted to the place he was to occupy and be recognized by all the world as the head of the Church, other bishops must be forced into submission to him by the strong arm of civil power, and the forces were at work that were to accomplish this. ONE very important factor in the setting up of the papacy was the Emperor Con-stantine. Coming to the throne, Constan-tine found Christianity a growing religious power in the empire, and after a time he conceived the idea of turning this new religion which seemed to be displacing paganism, to his own account; likewise the bishops, as we have seen, were grasp-ing for civil power. . As Draper says: " It was the aim of Constantine to make theology a branch of politics; it was the aim of the bishops to make politics a branch of theology." Both were in a measure successful. OF the state of the Church at that time, Eusebius bears this testimony :Š When by reason of excessive liberty, we sunk into negligence and sloth, one envying and reviling another in different ways, and we were almost, as it were, on the point of taking up arms against each other, and were assailing each other with words as with darts and spears, prelates inveighing against prelates, and people,  rising up against people, and hypocrisy and dissimulation had arisen to the greatest height of malignity, then the divine judgment, which usually proceeds with a lenient hand, whilst the multitudes were yet crowding into the church, with gentle and  mild visitations began to afflict its episcopacy; the persecution having begun with those brethren that were in the army. But, as if destitute of all sensibil-ity, we were not prompt in measures to appease and propitiate the Deity ; some, indeed, like atheists, re-garding our situation as unheeded and unobserved by a providence, we added one wickedness and misery to another. But some that appeared to be our pastors, deserting the law of piety, were inflamed against each other with mutual strifes, only accumulating quarrels and threats, rivalship, hostility, and hatred to each other, only anxious to assert the government as a kind of sovereignty for themselves. The persecution had caused all these divisions and disputes to be laid aside. Every other interest was forgotten in the one all-absorbing question of the rights of conscience against pagan despotism. Thus there was created at least an out-ward unity among all the sects of what-ever name, professing the Christian reli-gion in any form. Thus was molded a compact power which permeated every part of the empire, and which was at the same time estranged from every material interest of the empire as it then stood, Here was power which if it could be se-cured and used, would assure success to him who would gain it, as certainly as he could make the alliance, This condition of affairs was clearly discerned at the time. Constantine "understood the signs of the times, and acted accordingly," "To Constantine, who had lied from the treacherous custody of Oalerius, it natu-rally occurred that if he should Ally him-self to the Christian party, conspicuous advantages must forthwith accrue to him. It would give him in every corner of the empire men and women ready to encoun-ter fire and sword; it would give him partisans not only animated by the tradi-tions of their fathers, butŠfor human nature will even in the religious assert itselfŠdemanding retribution for the hot-, rible barbarities and injustice that had been inflicted on themselves; it would give him, and this was the most important of all, unwavering adherents in every legion in the army. He took his course. The events of war crowned him with suc-cess. He could not be otherwise than outwardly true to those who had given him power, and who continued to main-tain him on the throne." * "Ecclesiastical History," book viii, chap. i. t Draper's "Intellectual Development of Europe," chap. ix, par. 22. CONSTANTINE was not the only one who saw this opportunity, but he being an ac-complished politician, succeeded, while others failed. In addition to the advan-tages which offered themselves in this asserted unity of the churches, there was a movement among the bishops, which: made it an additional incentive to Con-stantine to form the alliance which he did with the Church. Although it is true that all the differences and, disputes and strifes among the bishops and sects had been forgotten in the supreme conflict between paganism and freedom of thought, there is one thing mentioned by Eusebius that still remained. That was the ambi-tion of the bishops "to assert the govern= ment as a kind of sovereignty for them-selves," Nor was it alone government in the Church which they were anxious to assert; but government in the State as well, to he used in the interests of the Church. For, as Neander testifies, " There had in fact arisen in the Church . . , a false theocratical theory, originating, not in the essence of the gospel, but in the confusion of the religious constitutions of the Q14 and New Testaments." t This theocratical theory of the bishops is the key to the whole history of Oon, stantine and the Chureh of his time, and through all the dreary period that lowed. It led the bishops into the wildest extravagance in their worship of the perial influence, and coincided precisely with Constantine's idea, of an absolute monarchy. THE idea of the theocracy that the bishops hoped to establish appears nwr9 clearly and fully in Euseloius's "Life of Constantine " than in any other one pro:-duction of the time. There the whole scheme appears just as they had created j.t, And it was applied in the history of the time. The Church- was a second Israel in Egyptian bondage. Maxentins was A second Pharaoh, Constantine was a second Moses. As the original Moses had grown up in the palace of the Pharaohs, so like-wise this new Moses had grown up in the very society of the new Pharaohs. Thus runs the story as told by Eusebius :Š Ancient history relates that a cruel race of tyrants t " History of the Christian Religion and Church," Vol. 11, Section Second, part i, div. I, par. 2. - EDITORS. 