FEBRUARY 22, 1894. Advitiom C.A.N SIZNT EA. 63 Rome's New Policy. WHOSE freedom of speech would Rome defend at the point of the bayonet ? Her own, or yours ? What does the history to which Father Nugent's Des Moines letter (referred to by the writer in these columns last week) calls our attention to, reveal to us on this point ? Those who dare raise their voice against her doctrines are the special objects of her vengeance and wrath. She has no quarter for them. Their lib-erty is nothing. " Crucify them ! crucify them ! " is her verdict if she has the power, and to-day she is ready to repeat the dark scenes of the past. She is only biding her time; she molds public opinion; she edu-cates, by intrigue and deception, till all opponents are won over to believe that after all the Catholic Church is really much better than it has been represented to be. Then, when everything is in her power, the majority in submission to her will, then the few who dare to think for themselves shall feel her power and know her wrath against the Daniels of the world. Another point worthy of note in that letter of the Des Moines priest, referred to last week, is in relation to the revelations Mrs. Slattery would make to ladies only, concerning the evils of Catholicism toward the women who come within its power. He does not deny anything, but with quiet keen shrewdness turns the edge of the question of importance in these words :Š We don't know anything about the story Mrs. Slat-tery has to tell the ladies. All we can gather is that it is not fit for the ears of horrid men. It is only fit to drip silently into the chaste ear of the gentle fair sex. Well, all we can say on that point, in the words of Artemus Ward, is "Let her drip." It is not likely that Mrs. Slattery can drip anything into the modern woman's ears that has not been dripped there before. This is especially true of the class of women who patronize the religious variety shows. And so, through fear of hearing some-thing that would defile them, something that would shock their refinement, the wo-men of our country should never know anything about the treatment their sisters receive who are within the confines of the convents and nunneries of the Catholic Church. Neither should they know any-thing about the confessional, or its possi-bilities for evil, unless they first by sol-emn vow join heart and soul to the church while yet ignorant of everything, and then learn after it is too late of the terrible things of which they might have been told by those who dare, at the risk of their lives, show what they have experienced and seen. In the following words he tells every-body what he wants :Š We want the Catholics of this city to compel Mr. and Mrs. Slattery to give their lectures and sell their books in a perfect tempest of peace. Father Nugent thinks that violence and mobbing of these exposers of Romish de-signs only tends to advertise them and their work, and he says it gives them all the success they have. And so the best policy is to ask the people everywhere to go and hear all they want to of the vile stuff they have to offer; and so on this he turns these words :Š I want them to hear how men talk who leave our church, and I want them to ask themselves if they feel morally better for what they have heard. Now we would not say that the matter is presented just as it should be by these ex-priests and others; but this we do know the nation ought to know, and be aroused mightily too, by truths which these men are able to tell the people. But by such  side thrusts as the above, thousands will be turned away without giving the matter one serious thought. However, eternal destinies hinge on a knowledge and action based on the facts in the case. The condition of such countries as Mexico, Spain, Portugal, Italy, and other countries under the influence of Rome is well-known, and it is a fact that these countries stand low in the educational scale; even the simple arts of reading and writing are unknown to a very large per cent. of their inhabitants. Yet the Cath-olic Church would pose before the more advanced portion of the civilized world as the special defender of liberty, the teacher of all knowledge, the source of all prog-ress. The last few years have been no-tably significant in this direction. During the year 1893, the Catholic Church has appeared to advantage in the world-wide gatherings in connection with the World's Fair, and the World's Congress of Reli-gions, as well as in several other lines of less importance. The writer of this Des Moines letter follows in the same line, and his utterances on this point are well worth careful consideration. He says :Š If there is any one thing more than another that we plume ourselves on, it is the matter of intelligence. We endeavor to make the world and ourselves believe that we are readers and thinkers. If this were a fact of the entire church as a whole, and so in its individual mem-bers, why is it necessary to " endeavor " to make the world and themselves believe it ? Why is it not apparent to all careful observers of the condition of mankind ? Why are not the countries I have al- ready named as being generally unable to read and write, rising to the higher branches of education which are consid-ered as entirely indispensable in Protestant countries ? If the church plumes itself on intelligence, why does it not assume the neglected responsibility of educating the masses in these countries, instead of try-ing to tear down the best educational sys-tem on earth, or subverting it from its designed good to all people ? Why has she stood deliberately against all free and liberal education, until she has seen that enlightenment was destined to come to the minds of all, in spite of her bitterest opposition ? Why has she all at once championed the rising sentiment, and turned squarely from her course of centu- ries ? Why does she unblushingly tell the world that she is the cause of all the good that is seen ? Protestants, beware ! there is a deeply hidden purpose in this movement. Again I quote:Š The Catholic Church of Rome, just as she stands to-day, is the greatest fact or the greatest humbug in the world's history. . . . It is the moral and civil duty of every intelligent, thinking person to examine the question and see whether she is a fact or a humbug. Truly every Protestant ought to exam-ine this question, and ought to especially when Rome invites him to. Every Prot-estant ought to know just what kind of a fact the Catholic Church is in history. He ought to study until he has an intelli-gent knowledge of what the church has been in the past, and just what she is to-day. " Rome never changes." But in the significant words of another the truth is stated thus :Š A day of great intellectual darkness has been shown to be favorable to the success of popery. It will yet be demonstrated that a day of great intellectual light is equally favorable for its success. In no country on earth has she made such progress as here in America; and in no country on earth has knowledge been  so generally diffused. Rome has never favored this, but instead has opposed till it was apparent that it was a losing game and then she turns around and says coolly, that it is her effort and labor that have given the present greatness to this nation, and that she is really the very head of all intellectual progress. Are Protestants ready to accept this as a fact ? or can they discern a purpose in it ? The real condi-tion of affairs is well illustrated in the work of the secret service detective. He spies out his man, but wants positive evi-dence against him. And how does he get it ? He simply assumes any character, or follows any course of action, that will lead his man to act out just what he is. He will often invite him where an opportu-nity is given him to do the very things of which he wishes to have positive evidence against him, and then all at once throws off his assumed character and confronts his prisoner as an officer of the law, ready to execute justice and punish him for his crimes. He only acted the part of the criminal to get the other man in his power, then he throws off his cloak and takes his man. Just so the Catholic Church is doing to-day with Protestants. She stands as the defender of the Consti-tution, as the educator of the people, as the champion of liberty, and as the high-est type of all that is good among mortals. Protestants will know and feel her power when it is too late; they are playing into her hands in every direction; and the only rescue even now is for the individual through true Protestantism as revealed in Jesus Christ and his righteousness. This is wholly of faith; while the Catholic idea of salvation is wholly of works. After it is too late, Protestants will know how great a fact the Catholic Church is in the present, even if they do not investigate her history. And then, too, they will learn how great a humbug she is as a dependence for salvation for which men seek. C. F. WILCOX. SOME VALUABLE BOOKS FOR YOUNG MEN. We have secured the following books which we can recommend, not only as unobjectionable but as highly beneficial reading for young men:Š Moral Muscle and How to Use It, by FRED-ERICK ATKINS. A Brotherly Chat with Young Men. " This is positively the best book for young MOT that we have seen. It looks the facts of young men's lives full in the face, and proclaims the gospel of industry, perseverance, self-con-trol, and manly Christianity, We can certify that no one will find it stupid."ŠSt. Andrews Cross. First Battles and How to Fight Them, by F. A. ATKINS. Friendly Chats with Young Men. " It is true in substance, attractive in its style, and admira-ble in its spirit. I heartily commend this little volume."ŠRev. John Halt, D.D. The Spiritual Athlete and How Ho Trains, by W. A. BODELL. Introduction by REV. B. FAY MILLS A work for young men, pithy, pointed and practical. " Its power and value lie in time consistent carrying out of the comparison between physical and spiritual training."ŠThe Independent. Brave and True', by J. TRAIN DAVIDSON. Talks to Young Men. "This is one of the books the wide distribution of which cannot be too greatly desired."ŠPresbyterian Journal. Each of these books is complete in itself, and so can be sold separately at fifty cents each; but as they are all about equally good, and desiring to encourage the dissemination of such literature, we offer the four for $1.75. They are all bound alike, and put up in a neat box present a very at-tractive appearance. They will form a valuable addition to any young man's or youth's library. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 