If the :State would confine itself to the principles and system which properly be-long to it, and conduct the course of edu-cation in public schools according thereto; and if the . Church would confine herself to that which properly belongs to her, if there were indeed in our system of public educatiom a positive and total separation of religion and the State, then there would be much less difficulty with the question of public education, and far better results would come to .both religion and the State, to both morality and good citizenship. But in the present condition of things, instead of there being a prospect of im-provement, we see no hope of anything but a closer union of Church and State principles, and through that of still greater degeneracy. A. T. -J. .  The Plea Is a Fraud. THE following is from the " piece " which Mr. Crafts is reciting to audiences in various parts of the country, from Maine to California :Š The right arm of the American Sabbath Union is the promotion of the religious Sabbath; its left arm the preservation of the civil Sabbath. These two thingsŠthe Christian Sabbath on the one hand, and the American Sabbath on the other handŠare as distinct as my two arms, that resemble and co-operate, and yet not the same. This distinction is itself an answer to most of the objections to Sunday laws, which rest chiefly on the false assumption that Sunday laws are enforcements of a: duty to God. Let us examine a little the claim that Sunday laws are religious, not civil, and see if it is indeed a false assumption as Mr. Crafts asserts that it is. How have the courts regarded this matter ? In the case of Bramhall vs. Van Campen (8 Minnesota Reports, '13), Judge Flan-drau, of the Supreme Court of Minnesota, gave the opinion that " the Sabbath laws of that State can have no other object than the enforcement of the fourth, of God's commandments." In the Supreme Court of Texas, Judge Caldwell held that " the object of the Legislature was to forbid all secular employments on the Sabbath, not excepted in the act. The disregard of the Sabbath, the refusal to recognize it as a day sanctified to holy purposes, consti-tutes the offense." (Elsner vs. the State, 30 Texas Reports, 524.) In deciding one of these Sunday eases the Supreme Court of Alabama also said : " We do not think the design of the Legislature in the pas-sage of the act can be doubted. It was evidently to promote morality and ad-vance the interests of religion, by pro-hibiting all persons from engaging in their common and ordinary vocations." (O'Donnel vs. Sweeney, 5 Alabama Re-ports, 467. See also Wright vs. Geer, 1 Root, 474; Fox vs. Able, 2 Connecticut Reports, 548 ; George vs. George, 47 New Reports, 27.) this and takes up different forms of politi-cal agitation to,  secure legislation by which she can coMpel men by law to be good. 378 THE AIVIERICA.N SENTINEL. article. One passage, which is worthy of much Study, we quote:Š The separation of Church and State implies the separation of the Church and School. The Church and State are separated in the interest of the per-fection of both. The Church regards the disposition of the individual man, considering it in respect to sin and holiness ; the State regards the individual man, in respect to his overt act, whether law-abiding or crim-inal. Crime is a matter of overt act. Sin is a matter of dispositionŠof thought and feeling, as well as of volition. If the State goes behind the overt act and punishes the disposition of the individual, civil government will be destroyed. If, on the other hand, the Church considers the overt act instead of the disposition of the soul, religion will cease. Crime can be measured, the deed can be returned on the individual; but sin can not be measured, its conse-quences can be escaped only by repentance. Sin is infinite and no finite punishment can wash it away; but repentance without punishment will do this just as well as repentance with punishment. The exer-cise of ecclesiastical power by the State tends to confuse its standards of punishment and to make its penalties too severe at one time, and too lax at another, and thus renders the whole course of justice uncertain by considering the disposition of the crim-inal rather than his overt act. Religious persecu-tions have arisen by the State assuming ecclesiastical functions, and the Church has had to bear the obloquy of them. On the other hand, the exercise of civil power on the part of the Church tends to intro-duce finite standards, thus allowing expiation for sin and permitting the substitution of penance for repentance. This makes the expiation of sin an external matter. The Government acting on an ecclesiastical basis, would say to the criminal: You have committed murder. Well, are you sorry for it 4 Do you repent of it 2 Very well, go and sin no more. Or it might say: You have been angry with your brother and, wish to kill him. You have not planned to carry this into execution, it is true, and have done no overt act, but you have wished this in your heart. Then your punishment is death. Only disposition can judge of disposition. When the State undertakes to judge, of disposition a reign of terror follows. Another point, which is well made by Professor Harris, is that where the State attempts to teach religion, infidelity is the result. He says :Š Careful observers of the effects of the religious lessons placed on the programmes of schools in Ger-many and Austria and other nations, tell us that where the secular studies are taught according to the true method, the pupils are prone to hold in a sorb of contempt the contents of their religious lessons. They are apt to bring their critical intellects to bear on dogmas and become skeptical of religious truth altogether. It is well known that the people of Germany are much given to skepticism. Its edu-cated class is famous for its "free-thinking," so-called. The French educated class, all of which was in its youth under parochial school influences, is atheistic. Another point worthy of serious reflec-tion, a point to which we have called attention in-THE SENTINEL several times, is made by Mr. E. P. Powell, of Clinton, New York, and that is, that education is no surety for the prevention of crime. He endorses the statement of Mr. Reece in a recent paper in the Popular Science Monthly, that " we are confronted by facts which leave a condition of decreasing illiteracy and increasing crime." He says : " Illiteracy is on the increase in our older States, and crime is not decreased by our present system of education. I find on every hand graduates of our district schools utterly ignorant .of any facts or truths bearing on life, citizenship, or character. The young Men will sell their . votes, and are not afraid to deny truth." "It is a learful fact," says-Mr; Bowker, at the National Prison Congress, that a large proportion of our prison population is of the educated class.' Yet this fault can not be laid to the pub-lic school system, at least to the theory, while it may be in a measure to the practice of it. Practically an effort is made, to have the public school system do what it is impossible for it to do, while it neglects to do that which it may and can, properly do. The public school can rightly give only a secular education, in other words, give an education which aims at good citizenship and whose object is to make good citizens. This, however, is almost wholly neglected in the public school system, and the attempt is made to make good men rather than good citizens, with the result that neither object is accomplished. The office and obj.ect of the teaching of the Church is to make good men, while the office and the object of the teaching of the State is to make good citizens, and the failure of the Church so to carry on the instruction as to make good men will never justify the State in going beyond its sphere to attempt that itself. The only means that the State has with which to accomplish its purposes are the principles of government on which the State is founded and according to which it continues. But these things are not taught to any effective purpose whatever in the public school system of the United States. Mr. Powell says : I can find you a dozen lawyers in a single township who "never read the Constitution of the United States." And this is probably true of many, if not a majority, of the townships in the United States. From considerable personal observation, we should not be at all surprised to find that there are men in State Legislatures, and even in Congress, who never read through the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. Neither the principles of the Declaration of Independence nor the provisions of the United States Constitution are generally taught in the public schools of the country. In higher grades in some city schools something is taught in regard to these documents, but even that is very poorly done. These things which are essential in the work of the public school system, and which may be properly taught in the public school, are almost totally neglected, and instead, an attempt is made to incul-cate goodness by the cold formal reading of a portion of Scripture or repeating the Lord's Prayer. On the other hand, the professed Church, instead of strictly confining her efforts to the inculcation of principles of goodness by the poWer which belongs to her and which can be used by her alone, neglects 