AMERICAN SENTINEL. 51 which has Seventh-day Baptists and Adventists as a ma-jority enforce Saturday as a legal holiday, with all pen-alties attached to maintain its observance? The Monarchical Spirit in America. IT is interesting to note, the monarchical tendencies among the would-be " higher classes " in the United States. The manifestations of this monarchical spirit and ambition are not by any means few. It is most marked, of course, among 'the idle rich; but it is by no means confined to that circle. The ambition of American girls and women, to give themselves and vast fortunes for European titles and misery, is so notorious as to call for nothing more than mere mention in this connection. Besides these there are thousands who, having no chance to secure titles, spend fortunes to secure the rec-ognition of the titled ones of Europe. People will spend years and thousands of dollars to gain entre to "the Prince of Wales's set," or to a "drawing room" of the Queen of England; this "dignity" to be used in America in holding themselves as far as possible above other people. And thousands of the people Who stay at home, or who, if they go abroad, have not the fortune to attain to such "dignity," are themselves so imbued with the same spirit that they look upon those who have attained to it, as being thereby so far superior to what they ever were before as to be entitled to some sort of worship-. ful reverence, and they proceed to pay it like any other toadies. Then those who have in fact attained to such great "dignity" form themselves into exclusive "sets" in their several localities and ape the ways of royalty. And the others who would like to, but can't, will gaze and admire and ape the ways of those who ape the ways of royalty. Ł It is a fact that there are people who have gone to Europe and spent fortunes in securing a title or the rec-ognition of royalty, in order to obtain entrance to the exclusive sets on this side of the water. And now there is one of these "sets" that has formed a society, which, instead of having a president, is to have a. queen. In presiding she is to sit upon a throne, and have heralds and maids and laCkeys and all the other toggery that becomes queens. She is not obliged to wear a crown, but it is specified that she "may or may not," as she pleasesŠand who will doubt for a moment that she will please to wear one? Now we are not casting any sort of reflection upon the people of Europe who have dignities, titles and roy- alties. These things all belong to them, and have be-longed to them for more than a thousand years. These dignities fit them and they can wear them becomingly; and in doing so they are entitled to respect. And indeed  as so many Americans, buy these things and pay immense prices for them, it may be said that these titles, dignities, and royal airs belong to them too. Yet for all this they never can wear them becomingly in America; and not one. in a thousand can wear them becomingly in Europe. They simply do not fit. And Americans' only make them-. selves ridiculous even in the eyes of Europeans in their efforts to secure them, or to wear them after they have secured them. Any American who will be simply what he is, just his plain everyday self, can  travel all over Europe and be respected everywhere; but those who think they must put on European style and ape European ways, will be endured, if they are not despised, everywhere they go. How could it be otherwise? When people do not respect themselves, how can it be expected that other people will respect them? When people at every turn manifest only littleness and insincerity, how can others do any more than endure them? It will not do to pass off all this running after foreign, titles and dignities and recognitions, as but a little thing. In one sense it is of course a little thing, exceedingly little; but it is not by any means insignificant, especially when an ambassador from the United States becomes so carried away by this spirit, as to compromise his own, position and, in the presence of foreigners in a foreign land, criticise his own people as "a people hard to rule" and that "must be held with a steady hand." This frin  an ambassador of a Government that is "of the people, by the people, and for the people" ! All these things, though appearing very little in them-selves, when taken together, are plainly the manifesta-tions of another element working steadily and insidiously onward to the time when "our country shall repudi-ate every principle of its Constitution as a Republican Go vernment. " Ł 1- -IF -4 -4 Bishop Satterlee on Sunday Laws. A "MASS MEETING" in the interests of "national re-form" was held in the Metropolitan Methodist Church, Washington, D. C., January 17. Dr. Lyman, president,  of the "Reform Bureau" at Washington, presided. The principal speaker was Bishop Satterlee, of the.  Episcopal Church, who addressed the meeting on the subject of "Sunday laws." Some introductory remarks were made by the chairman, in which he said; "What we desire for the capital of this nation, a Christian nation, is that it shall be a Christian city." This was to say that at present Washington is not a Christian city, and this opinion found ample support in the speeches fol-lowing. How it is that the nation can be Christian, with its capital and seat of government unchristian, he did not explain. Bishop Satterlee began by saying that he was a Christian, and believed that "no man Łcan call himself a 