484 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. " Well, what does the poetry mean by it?' " I think it means that we must forgive a great many unpleasant things about our country, and say we like them just out of politeness.' " What are " temper pills "? ' " Pills for temper, don't you think?' Did you ever see any such pills? ' " No. Did you? But I'd like to have some.' " 'Why?' " No answer to this except a half-shy, half-wicked little smile toward her parents. " What is " ratcher "? ' " I really don't know.' " Haven't you any idea?' " Yes, it sounds like a disease.' " How so?' " It says, " Like that above"Šand there are chills a few lines above; and thrills are a sort of chills any-how. I looked it up in my dictionary.' " This is truly wonderful!' we gasped; and as a reward for the tribute we were invited to attend her school on the morrow, because it would be patriotic Friday,' and we could hear them speak pieces, sing war songs, salute the flag, and talk patriotic things.' " Her invitation was too rich in suggestion to re-sist entirely, and we did visit a school on the pa-triotic ' morrow; but deciding that our little friend's school had already spoken for itself, we visited an-other. " A class of about fifty clean, bright-eyed, wrig-gling boys and girls appeared perfectly charmed at being asked to perform their patriotic exercises, and executed them with a vim and thoroughness very creditable to themselves and to their teacher. They sang asŁ many as a dozen patriotic songs; they knew more about Dewey, Sampson, Schley, and Hobson than those heroes know themselves; they recited more historical facts about George Washington than could be beguiled out of an ordinary man at the point of a pistol (one little girl essayed the life of Theodore Roosevelt, but being unable to keep the lightning-rod and electricity and a kite out of her narrative, sat down bathed in tears); they gave quo-tations in prose and poetry inculcating love of country; and, with especial ardor, they united in a pretty ceremony which they called Slutin' the flag.' The teacher conducted this salute by successive taps of her hand-bell. Tap one, and a curly-haired lassie mounted the platform and unfurled Old Glory; tap two, and the entire class sprang to their feet as one child; tap three, and every hand made a military alute to the accompaniment of the rousing words, We give our heads and our hearts to our country. One country, one language, one flag! ' At the final word every little right hand was raised, the forefinger pointing to the Stars and Stripes. This statuesque  pose was sustained until a last tgp relaxed the tense muscles and gave signal for the little ones to drop back into their seats. It brought a choke into the throat to see it. " But the demon of investigation was abroad and refused to be throttld by sentiment Children, this has been very interesting; so interesting that I want to ask you some questions about it. For instance, you say that you give your heads to your'country. Now, will one of you tell me how you do that?' " Not immediately. Smiles faded, and a pall set-tled over, the community. At last one grimy paw waved tentatively. " Well? ' " We could cut our heads off and give them that way.' " The gloom, deepened When this answer turned out to be amiss, and all thought desperately. An-other paw waved What is.your answer, little Man? ' " We must keep our heads inside of a car win-dow.' " This answer seemed so to satisfy the class that it was cruelty to disabuse them, but it had to be done. Another period of horrified reflection ensued, out of which ventured two guesses: "`I could give my head to my country by letting some one put a bullet into it.' " I give my head, to my country by putting my hand to my head in 'the s'lute.' " The rejection of these advances created such a weakness among the children that total dissolution was threatened, but a big, handsome boy in the rear saved the day. He was a very big, boy, the class dunce probably; one of those chaps who promote themselves in the course of years simply by outgrow-ing their desks, and who in manhood make fine strides toward success untrammeled by learning. This long, lazy youth * * * had been enjoying the exercises thus far as matters gotten up for his sole entertaiment; but now, wishing a change of topic, he put an end to the present foolishness by rising suddenly. unbidden and stating, with similing decision, We can't give our, heads to our country. We only say so.' "The children settled back in their seats with im-mense breaths of relief, and we felt to refuse an ex-planation so patently incontrovertible-would be to lower our dignity; we therefore succumbed. "The'heart being a more mysterious organ than the head, which is apt to flourish in memory by be-ing unlawfully tapped by rulers, the second clause in the slute' was passed over by the examiner. So, picking out a dainty damsel, he made on her these easy demands: " " One country "-what country, little maid?' "`America, sir. ' 