THE AMERICAN SEN'TIN_EL,. 19 expressions of surprise and disgust from the workingman's self-constituted guar-dians that workingmen refuse to dance when the Sunday-law advocates so studi-ously fiddle. But laboring men are wide-wake and have, discovered, they think, that this " antagonism to Sunday labor is more theological than humanitarian," and that this mourning for the " slaves of the nineteenth century" partakes largely of the nature of " crocodile tears." That the laboring man is not without reasons for his conclusions is becoming more and more apparent. All are familiar with the Sunday-closing arguments that the labor-ing man should have an opportunity to "improve his mind," cultivate his spirit-ual nature, "get acquainted with his family," etc. With this in mind note the following answer of the leading Sunday-law advocate of the country, as published in the Christian Statesman, of December 11, to the question of a labor leader, " I suppose the churches are not yet with us on the eight-hour law?" Said the Sunday-law champion in reply, " Many of us be-lieve all the work that needs to be done could be done in the eight-hour day, but we fear that a majority of the, working men can not wisely use eight hours a day of leisure." (Meaning the time remaining of the day after eight hours work and eight hours sleep.) When arguing for Sunday closing the workingmen are told that they ha v n't sufficient leisure to get acquainted with their families, but when it is proposed to give them one hour more leisure morning and evening of each working, day the grave fear is expressed that they "can not yet wisely use eight hours a day of leisure." A. F. BALLENGER. Ł-ŁŁ  A Large "If." THE Christian Patriot, a Tennessee paper, publishes a communication on " Sunday laws," in which occur these words :Š In this grasping, greedy age, we need the Sabbath laws to stand between those who " would sell the needy for a pair of shoes," and the day laborer. The body, mind,, and soul of the toiler demands the Sabbath rest. In Tennessee they have a law which fines and imprisons men for common farm labor on Sunday, even after they have kept the previous day, according to the fourth commandment. Can any honest man even attempt to justify such a law by platitudes about the necessity of Sabbath rest ? When the "body, mind, and soul" of man demands anything, civil law is not necessary to enable him to obtain it. Those who want to rest upon Sunday will find means to do so; as a good many thou-sands of people in this and other countries find it very possible to rest regularly upon the seventh day, the Sabbath of the Lord; and this even whenŁ trammeled and op-pressed by iniquitous Sunday laws, such as the Tennessee statute. Again, the Patriot writer says :Š If law is for the weak as well as the strong, if the object of law is to make it easy to do right and difficult to do wrong, then we need better Sabbath laws and men who have conscience for their oaths to enforce them. There is a very large " if " in this para-graph. The true object of civil law is not "to make it easy to do right and difficult to do wrong." This definition of the ob-ject of law comes to us from one of the Church and State countries of the Old World, and is entirely un-American. The only legitimate object of civil law is to make every man secure in his person, property, and reputation. It deals only with rights and wrongs, which are civil; and has nothing to do with right and wrong, which are moral. " Better Sab-bath laws, and men who have conscience for their oath to enforce them," simply means laws that will better enable some men to compel other men to conform to their ideas of religious duty under pains and penalties, in other words, laws author-izing persecution for conscience' sake. C. P. B. Abstract Principle Not Personal Interest. IT seems that the lately elected Corres-ponding Secretary of the American Secu-lar Union has accepted and published the false ideas in reference to the principles of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, the National Religious Liberty Association, and the Seventh-day Adventists, as regards reli-gious legislation, which Sunday-law work-ers have so industriously circulated. The inability of those Who favor legislation upon religious subjects to understand that they who oppose them do so from love of the ab-stract principles of religious and civil right and duty, and from no selfish thought or purpose whatever, is phenomenal. So persistent is this misconstruction that it would seem a mental impossibility for them to conceive of any one acting from impersonal motives of abstract right. If they had stood by and heard Christ say, "Father forgive them for they know not what they do," they would have asked what possible advantage he could have expected to gain from such a speech as that. The Corresponding Secretary of the American Secular Union, in an article in the Boston Investigator, gives credence to this mistaken idea as to the ground of opposition to religious laws and makes an unconscious quotation from some Sunday-law advocate in this paragraph:Š Said one to a prominent Adventist who was work-ing against the Sunday law, " But if it were the observance of the old Jewish Sabbath that was to be enforced,Šwhat then ?" " Then," he said, " I should feel compelled to work for its enforcement." The palpable error of any such state-ment as this is so fully and satisfactorily set forth in the Investigator of December 30, by C. B. Reynolds, Secretary, Wash- ington Secular Union, that the article is here quoted almost entire :Š " This is a gross perversion of things. Every prominent Seventh-day Adventist working against the Sunday law is most thoroughly posted upon the subject. It would, therefore, be utterly impossible for such an one to have made such reply. The connecting paragraphs give evidence that this unprovoked attack upon our most efficient and influential co-workers was a mistake and a misrepresentation of the position of the Adventists. " The Seventh-day Adventists are, with-out exception, the opponents of any union between. Church and State, and earnest, persistent workers for civil and religious liberty. Their National Religious Liberty Association is a large and powerful or-ganization, with offices in New York City, Washington, D. C., Chicago, Illinois, Oakland, California, and Battle Creek, :Michigan. Its mottoes are, `Equal and exact justice to all' ; `Keep the State and Church forever separate.' Among its published and avowed principles I find : `We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of hie own conscience,' and, ' we deny the right of any civil government to legislate on reli-gious questions.' " Its organ is THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, a most fearless, able and consistent op-ponent of Sunday laws, religious exercises in our public schools, and the exemption of Church property from taxation. The Seventh-day Adventists have writ-ten, printed. and distributed more pages of literature advocating the abolition of all Sunday laws, and giving the facts and arguments in favor of‚the entire and com-plete divorce of Church and State, in any one week during the past three years, than the American Secular Union, and all its auxiliaries have ever distributed from the day of its first inception up to the present hour. "So far from 'suppressing free thought,' or 'strangling free speech,' the Seventh-day Adventists are honest, zealous de-fenders of free speech. Their leading ministers have attended our conventions, and from our rostrum most ably and elo; quently advocated and defended the jus-tice of the nine demands. " The. Seventh-day Adventists have a record, upon the Sabbath and Sunday ob-servance question that is plain and un-mistakable. Their position is a matter of public and national record. The record of the Senate of the United States (see 50th Congress, second session, message and documents, No. 43, pages 75-102). " On December 13, 1888, the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor held a hearing upon the bill for a national Sunday law, introduced by Senator Blair, who was chairman of that committee. At that hearing the Seventh-day Adventists were officially represented 