728 AMERICAN SENTINEL. ASTRONOMERS and others interested in phenomena of the heavens made great preparations to observe a marvelous meteoric display which it was predicted would occur on or about the 17th of this month; and, of course, they have been disappointed. The expecta-tion was based upon the theory that every thirty-three years the earth in its course through space encounters a great mass of "meteoric dust" which also is journey-ing through space, and the particles of which, rushing at enormous speed through the earth's atmosphere, are ignited by the friction and so present a trail of fire across the sky. It is remembered that on the night of November 13, 1833, there was a, meteoric "shower" wit-nessed in this hemisphere, of such awful magnitude and grandeur as to impress observers with the idea that they were beholding the end of the world. Thirty-three years later, in 1866, an unusual display of meteors was observed by astronomers and others, which however bore no comparison with the great "shower" of 1833. The two displays, however, were classed together by exponents of astronomical science, and accordingly an-other display was predicted for the year 1899. And this time not as much has been observed by the star gazer as was seen in 1866. * * VARIOUS reasons, of course, are put forth to account for the failure. One astronomer says the meteors have been in some way deflected from the earth's path; an-other says the shower is not due yet for another year. But no explanation is forthcoming that appears to be anything more substantial than guess-work. The ex-pected display has failed, and that is all that can be said of it, from the standpoint of "science." THERE is, however, another way of accounting for this failure, which takes into consideration the extraor-dinary character of the display of 1833, upon which all calculations in the matter are based. That great dis-play was a fulfillment of Scripture--a sign of the ap-proaching end of the world (Matt. 24:29; Mark 13:25; Luke 21:25; Rev. 6:13). This explanation of the phe-nomenon of November, 1833, has been, of course, scof-fingly received by the world, and the worldly-wise have had an interest ever since in proving that the "falling stars" of 1833 were not a sign of the end, but only a  phenomenon fixed by natural laws, in obedience toŁ which it would recur at certain intervals. And had any such display been observed since that time, atheists and others who do not relish the idea,  of the end of the world,  would certainly have seized upon it as an event confirm-ing their own views and demonstrating the falsity or Scripture and the folly of the "prophets." Such an event, to constitute a sign, must stand out alone as something of whfch never before or since was there the like. And He who gave that-great display for a sign, does not mean that its evidence, as such, shall be de-stroyed. Ł * IT is a fact that the star "shower" of 1833 did im-press people most forcibly with the idea of the end of the world. To the awe-struck beholder this came naturally as the first thought, and everywhere among eyewit-nesses there was general fright and consternation. That great event, undoubtedly one of the grandest sights-ever witnessed since time began, has been treasured by Bible students as a prophetic waywark which they have passed upon the stream of Time,telling of the approach-ing end of the long journey. And unless they are mis_ taken, it may safely be said that astronomers and all others will look in vain for any meteoric display recall-ing the great one of 1833, or which will warrant the taking of any unusual pains to behold. CHRISTIAN Endeavorers of Mount Vernon, N. Y., have begun a crusade against the illegal selling of liquor. Much liquor, it appears, has been sold on Sundays, and the Endeavor societies are determined that such sales must stop. Their antagonism to liquor selling is cer-tainly proper and laudable; but in a statement of the methods by which they are proceeding, we note this:Š "It is said that members of the societies took snap shots of prominent men who slipped in the side doors of saloons on Sunday." * * WHILE the statement follows that this report could not be verified, it is not doubted that the Endeavorers are doing detective work to discover violations of the law, which work must of course be done on Sundays. * BUT where is the proper place for an Endeavorer, be-lieving-in the sacredness of Sunday as being the "Chris-tian Sabbath," to be on that day? Is it consistent for any such to be out with their cameras taking snap shots around the corner of the saloon, or in other ways doing detective work to run down law-breakers? Is that a proper way to observe the Christian Sabbath? Is it proper for them to transgress the divine law, in order to apprehend transgressors of the laws of man? Is this proper from the standpoint of their religious belief? 