AMERICAN SENTINEL. 683 Why Are Rights Unalienable? NATURAL rights are unalienable because they are bestowed upon mankind by the Creator. If some earthly power had created us, if we had made ourselves, or been made by others like us, or by the state, we would have no unalienable rights at all; for the same earthly power that created us would have the right to dispose of us as it saw fit. The state sometimes acts as though it were the crea-tor of its people, and could dispose of their rights as it saw fit; but the state was itself created by the people, and it rests with the people to make such changes in the gov-ernment as they see fit. The state is created to serve the rights of the people; these rights do not lie at the disposal of the state. Our rights are unalienable because they are necessary to serve the purpose God had in creating us. That pur-pose isŠin this lifeŠthe formation of right character. A right character can be developed only by the exer-cise of free choice. The basis of right character is loveŠthe love of good, true, and just principles. And all these find their embod-iment and personification in God. In the administration of God's government these principles find their highest exemplification. God does not compel us to love him or any principle of his government. We cannot be compelled to love any-thing. We love whatever we do love from the exercise of our free choice. Your parents do not punish you to force you to love what is good. And the state does not send men to prison to force them to love what is right and just. But the things that are good, and right, and pure, and just must be set before us, and exemplified over and over in words and acts; and by seeing their beauty and excellence, we learn to desire and love them. We choose to do this; and in this choosing we exercise an unalienable right. If we were not allowed to choose whether we would serve God or not, the love of right principles could never become a part of our nature. Nothing can become a part of our natures which we do not put into them voluntarily. We must consent to let it into our hearts, before it can ever get there. And if right principles were not a part of our very natures, we would not be fitted for an existence that would continue through eternity,Šwhich is what the Creator designed for us. If we are not permitted to choose whether we will keep the Sabbath or not, Sabbath-keeping cannot be-come a part of our natures; and without it we would never be admitted into the kingdom of God. And so with everything which pertains to the service of God. Why They Didn't Like Him. Ł "WELL, my little boy, did you have a nice time this afternoon?" "No, mother," answered Mrs. Price's little boy, "not very." "Why not," she asked in surprise. "Why, mother, the boys won't play with me; they don't treat me right." "Do you treat them right, Harry?" "IŠI don't treat them at all," he said, hesitatingly. The mother didn't say any more about the matter then, but she felt troubled at Harry's account of his place among his playmates. The next time he took his ball and went to the park, she put on her bonnet and fol-lowed. There were a good many people in the park, and Mrs. Price stood back. Presently she saw her little boy go off alone. "Who is that little boy?" she asked some children near her. "That? Oh, that is Harry Price," they answered, but they had no idea they were talking to his mother. "Why doesn't he play with the rest of you, instead of going off by himself ?" asked the lady. "Oh, I don't know; he doesn't play nice, somehow." "What's the matter?" "Why, he always wants to have his own way." "Don't you all want to have your own way?" "Yes' m," answered the little girl, buttoning up her coat and getting ready to start off; "yes'm, but you see we all give up sometimes; one day I give up to Susie, and the next day Susie gives up to me, and so we get along; but Harry never wants to give up at allŠnever; and that won't do." "No," said Harry's mother, "I see that wouldn't do at all." That evening Mrs. Price told her little boy about her visit to the park. "I wanted to let you look at yourself with their eyes, Harry," she said; "and now that you know what is the matter with Harry Price, and why the boys and girls don't like him, I am sure you can mend matters." Harry looked very solemn and downcast, and the mother said gently:Š "When my little boy remembers that that must have been the way it looked to the heavenly Father, too, I am sure he will try to do differently." And he did, with successful and happy results.ŠGreat Thoughts. 