238 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. NATIONAL Religious Liberty Association. THE Mayor of Cheyenne, Wyoming, has notified the saloon keepers of that place that hereafter the Sunday-closing law will be rigidly enforced against them. Why not enforce the law impartially ? If the saloons are properly open during the remainder of the week, why especially discriminate against them on the first day ? THE playing of baseball on the grounds of the Athletic Club at Kearney, New Jersey, has been stopped by the authori-ties and notice given that no Sunday base-ball will be allowed in the township. Sunday baseball and the Sunday closing of the World's Fair seem to be the two objects which occupy the minds of Na-tional Reformers at present. JAMES A. BRADLEY, President of the Board of Commissioners of Asbury Park, is in a quandary; he has issued orders for all business to be suspended on Sunday, and given explicit directions to the police to arrest all offenders. It has been pointed out to him that he rented his bath houses on that day, and has rendered himself liable to arrest under his own order. The Commissioner is now busily engaged in trying to dodge his own boomerang. Ł AT Asbury Park suits have been insti-tuted against W. W. Ward, Frederick Coleman, and Henry Williams, for selling cigars on Sunday, and the police acting under orders from the Board of Commis-sioners are keeping close watch upon all business places suspected of doing any Sunday selling. However much New Jer-sey may covet the distinction it can not hold first place in the attempted enforce-ment of religious laws; Arkansas, Ten-nessee, and Georgia are still in advance. " HE that diligently seeketh good seek-eth favor; but he that seeketh after mis- chief, it shall come unto him," is the Bib-lical text set at the head of the editorial column of the Mail and Express for July 14. In his anxiety to follow the lead thus given him the baseball reporter seeks after mischief and thinks he finds the follow- ing :Š The crusade against Sunday ball playing is ex-tending to the West. In Kansas City a well or-ganized movement has been started with a view to compelling the authorities to take cognizance of the law breaking that is indulged in every Sunday. A committee of citizens has been appointed who will devise ways and means whereby the desecra-tion of Sunday, might be brought to a speedy and permanent end. The churches have been inter-ested in the movement and money has been pledged to carry on the work and pursue a vigorous prose-cution. The committee proposes to employ able counsel and fight the local baseball club for Sun-day playing, and the players and the management will be arrested every Sunday afternoon that they appear on the grounds. This is as it should be.  If concerted action were taken by the owners of property contiguous to the Ridgewood, Long Is-land, grounds it wouldn't be long before the clubs that infest that spot, and the loafers and rowdies that follow them, would have to find some less con-spicuous rendezvous. IN an editorial comment on the Sunday crusade which the American Sabbath Union has lately been making in Roches-ter, Syracuse, and Utica, the Syracuse Sunday Times says :Š Such men do more toward driving thinking men from within the fold of the Church than a regiment of Satan's allies, because of their outrageously incorrect statements. Mr. McCartney says the Sunday newspaper is an unmitigated evil, and Dr. George asserts that the Sunday newspaper is demoralizing the people. Mr. McCartney holds that all persons who buy and read Sunday newspapers are breaking the rule, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." If Mr. McCartney will take the tronble to study the subject he will find that he has no 'authority to observe any day but the seventh as the Salbath day of the Lord his God, if the ten commandments are observed as they read. He and all other bigoted members of the American Sabbath Union propose to compel Tom, Dick and Harry to observe as a day of rest and worship the first day of the week, when Tom, Dick and Harry have good rea-son, following the mandates of the Decalogue, to observe the seventh day. The members of this Union are not friends of the American Republic and a free country. They believe in such freedom of worship as may suit themselves, and they want laws passed which will compel those who don't agree with them to swallow their dogmas and doc-trines and become of their household of faith. THE " Pearl of Days " publishes the following in regard to California :Š In the eighteen months which closed with the adjournment of the Legislature, Dr. Edward Thompson, District-Secretary, has spoken four hundred times in California on Sabbath observance. Archbishop Riordan and other eminent clergy-men of various denominations assisted to bring this movement before the people. The guns have opened fire all along the line. Nearly all the towns of the State and many rural localities have been reached either by single night meetings or conven-tions lasting a whole day or more. Tens of thou. sands of copies of printed documents have been circulated. About one-third of this State has been well aroused and organized. Los Angeles, the second city of the State, Santa Barbara and Santa Ana, the third and fourth cities of Southern California, and the whole county of San Bernardino, are un-der Sunday laws, enacted by local authorities and because the people demanded it. San Diego and several other towns will soon fall into line. A good bill was introduced into both houses of the last California Legislature. A joint hearing was granted by the committee of the two houses in the Senate chamber, in the presence of an im-mense audience. The strongest enemies of Sun-day legislation joined arguments with its friends. A great battle was fought, and the verdict of the audience was for the enactment of the bill. But the Legislature adjourned without action on the bill, leaving it on the files. "Lack. of time " was the common excuse. Some of the best men of that body, however, thought that it would not be wise to enact the law because in their judgment, public sentiment would not generally sustain it. They said " work up this sentiment through the State at large, like it is at Los Angeles and other towns, and we will be ready to pass the law." The plan is to give two years more to the agita-tion. The balance of 1891 will be devoted to dis-tributing literature in every town and county. The year of 1892 will be the year of local campaigns and careful effective organization. Sunday-Law Inconsistencies. THE following is an editorial article from the Boston Daily Globe, of July 1 :Š " When governments purporting to be wholly secular attempt to legislate in be-half of morality those who are appointed to execute the law are frequently all at sea. The Legislature of Ohio has passed a law prohibiting the playing of baseball on Sundays, but as it requires nine in-nings to constitute such a game, one of the courts has decided that the game can not be interfered with until the last inning is completed. The law therefore proves to be a farce. " Rhode Island has no special law pre-scribing particular games which are for-bidden on Sunday, but many people' have supposed that baseball must certainly fall within the scope of general Sunday laws. As soon, therefore, as the great games opened at Rocky Point this summer, the law and order organizations went to the sheriff of Kent County and demanded that he should suppress these Sunday games. He positively refused to do so, affirming that as between one athletic di-version and another it was not his prov-ince to decide which was the more or less immoral, and that he had nothing to do whatever with the manner in which peo-ple should develop their health and mus-cles, provided the games were considered to be moral on any other day. His sole and only province within these limits was to keep the peace and preserve good order. " The position of Sheriff Sprague is that there are no logical standards upon which to base the exercise of authority, as seen in the various athletic diversions which are freely permitted, as against those which certain good people would have suppressed. He, therefore, argues that if baseball is not immoral on Monday it is not on Sunday. Until it can be shown, therefore, that it disturbs the peace of other citizens, not sentimentally, but actually and physically, he declines to interfere. " As Sunday is a day set apart for rest, people have a right to demand that they should not be disturbed by noisy and boisterous games. But as between diver-sions that are equally noiseless and equally moral on week days the logic of prohibit-ing one and freely permitting the other on Sundays is not quite apparent. " The amount of noise that people are willing to stand on Sundays will take care of itself. But to chain up the flying wooden horses upon which the children gaze so wishfully out at Franklin Park, for example, while the park roads and public streets are covered with adult riders, and while the iron horse goes thundering over the country carrying crowds of pleasure seekers, seems to be ludicrously illogical. And there are many other equally inconsistent features in the catalogue of our Sunday permissions and prohibitions." 