AMERICAN SENTINEL. 791 church, in spite of them. Ought not, then, the work of reformation to begin in the church itself, for upon the -divine authority of the Bible depend all the arguments used by this association? If it falls the Sabbath must fall with it and its observance become nothing more than a purely human institution of the Jews; and mar-riage and divorce must be relegated to the category of purely human conventions. It seems to us, therefore, that the "National Reform Association" ran away from the true source of the trouble when, on Thursday, it went outside of the church to search for it and in its vain quest passed a resolution attributing the cause to the publication of newspapers -on Sunday. The Sunday newspaper, asserted one of the speakers, is the foe of "the church, the Sabbath school, and religious services." "I charge upon the Sunday newspaper," said another, "the crime of being Łone of the greatest agencies in evercoming the fear of the living God." Now, aleithis might be true of a news-paper of evil purpose and influence, but, surely, the harm done by such a journal is not confined to the sev-enth day only. Every unprincipled paper is the foe of its readers on all days; its lies, its perversions, its vul-garity, its low morality are constantly harmful, and the mischief it does, the degradation it encourages, is in cultivating during the week a taste for the debased which craves more of its stuff on Sunday. Our own correspondents and many other ministers and lay students of society have discussed lately the cause of the decline in church attendance at the present time; but how can there be any doubt on the subject? No coincident decline in the intellectual ability of the ministry is discoverable and there is no decrease in the attractions offered by the churches in the way of music and their services generally. Rather has there been an -unexampled effort to increase their popularity by the invention and adoption of many devices, some of them repulsive to good taste and grossly offensive to genuine religious sentiment. Sermons are made as distinctly secular and sensational as the most catch-penny news-papers are, and not less offensive and mischievous by reason of loose and superficial and fallacious reasoning. Now, the competitor of such pulpits is not the self-respecting newspaper, which appeals to the intelligent people, but the debased newspaper of kindred cheap and tawdry and sensational methods. Naturally, such devices fail as a permanent attrac-tion of church attendance; they simply lower popular respect for the church. Nothing can induce men to go to divine service as an imperative religious duty except a hearty and profound faith in God, in their need of sal-vation, and in the teaching of the church as an authori-tative exposition of divine truth. If they regard the services and sermons simply as they look on the theater or the opera, or as inviting only so far as they appeal to their fancy, they are likely to seek other means of entertainment, for, apart from faith in it, a church is a  dull pace for the run of people. Men who will sit out a play for two or three hours or tire themselves out with a day's golfing or bicycling are wearied beyond endur-ance by an hour in church, unless they enter it in a wor-shipful spirit and with unquestioning faith that in it alone the way to salvation can be pointed out to them. But if they are told by even their own ministers and theologians that the Bible is only fallible human litera-ture, how can they be expected to go on believing in a church which preaches it as a guide to salvation? That, reverend reformers, is the cause of the trouble which vexes your souls; the Sunday newspaper has nothing to do with it. Believe yourselves deeply and genuinely and create such belief in men, and neither the newspaper nor any other outside influence will distract people from going to you to learn the way to everlast-ing life. That faith is a magnet whose attraction no other can overcome or even lessen. No church having it and inspiring it has ever any reason to fear competi-tion. But if the faith departs and grows cold and doubt begins to displace it the vital force goes from the church, and there is no possibility of its revival except by re-kindling that fire. SINCE The Outlook has been defending the tolera-tion of slavery in the Sulus in plain defiance of the 13th Amendment its attention should be directed to that part of the President's message which relates to the Bates compact with the honored sultan. The President announces that "this agreement is not to be deemed in any way to authorize or give the consent of the United States to the existence of slavery in the Sulu archipel-ago." The President, therefore, isn't so much of a law-breaker as The Outlook, since he cannot ignore the 13th Amendment. It follows that The Outlook must now disapprove of the President because he pays some heed to the fundamental law of the land. As for the Presi-dent's statement that the Bates agreement will not au-thorize or recognize slavery, it should be said, further-more, that according to such an interpretation of it, Article X becomes a nullity. That article, to quote the message, "provides that any slave in the archipelago of Jolo shall have the right to purchase freedom by pay-ing to the master the usual market value." For, if slavery is not recognized in the islands, every slave is free and cannot be made to pay a "market price" for his liberty. It would certainly be unlawful and wrong to make any slave buy a freedom that is already his. It is to be hoped that this aspect of the situation will be fully explained to the sultan.ŠSpringfield Republican. ONE of our subscribers in Iowa writes:Š "I received the 'Post' in due time, and am much pleased with it; think it all that you claim for it. I am using it now, and like it very much." See )ad" on page 799. 