240 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, APRIL 12, Iwo. THE latest issue of the Christian Statesman reports unusual activity in National Reform work in the South. But the South does not stand apart from other sections of the country in this respect. A GUN just completed at the Wa-tervliet Arsenal, in this State, for the Government, will hurl a projec-tile weighing 2,870 pounds, 5 feet 4 inches in length, a distance of twenty-one miles; will require 1,060 pounds of powder for each discharge, at a cost for powder and projectile of $865. How many dollars' worth of damage it is capable of doing to the property of the enemy at each discharge, is not stated. This is said to be the most powerful gun in the world. THE Christian Statesman accounts for the lack of growth in the Meth-odist and other prominent churches the past year, by pointing out that these churches have not done their duty in the matter of "Christianiz-ing society." This is an important duty for the church, says the States-man, because without it there will not be "an environment in which the Christian character can come to perfection." "It is hard if not im-possible to be a consistent Christian-in society as we now find society." So the churches must destroy the evils that flourish in society, and so remove temptation and furnish an environment in which it will be easy to do right. This conception of the mission of Christianity contains two fatal de-fects. In the first place the church cannot renovate this world so that the evils flourishing in society will be eliminated. If the Scriptures teach anything at all, they teach that the world itself will be de-stroyed by fire, with all the wicked upon it, and that thus the evils that afflict society will be finally removed. Christians will not save the world, but will be saved out of the world. And secondly, Christian character is not brought to perfection by re-moving obstacles from the Christian pathway, but by a vigorous sur-mounting of these obstacles by the faith which lays hold upon infinite power. Christian character repre-sents not a work done outside the Christian, but a work done within him. God's plan is not to take men and women to heaven by smoothing the way so that they can slide along easily, but by filling them with power to overcome the world and to rise above every possible obstruc-tion. The only smooth way in this world is the way that leads down-ward. A JOINT demand by Great Britain, France, Germany, and the United States has been made on the Chinese government for the suppression of the Chinese anti-foreigner society known as the "Boxers," within two months' time. Unless this is done, the governments represented in the demand will land troops and march them to the provinces of Shan-Tung and Pe-Chi-li, "to protect foreign residents." There being no strong central government in China, and govern.. mental affairs in that vast country being in a very unsettled state, af-fording opportunity for secret polit-ical and revolutionary societies to flourish almost unopposed, it is quite likely that the Chinese govern-ment will be unable to suppress the "Boxers" within the space of time allotted; and then the forces of the "Christian" governments will feel themselves absolved from any fur-ther obligation to respect Chinese territory, and will enter and forcibly take possession of the country. And then, if this report be true, the United States will be in armed pos- session of territory upon the main-land of Asia. " EASTER" is observed by the churches because of the resurrec- tion of Christ. The day is celebrated as the anniversary of the day of the resurrection. As the anniversary day, it would, like Christmas or one's birthday, occur in different years upon different days of the week. Hence the churches would find themselves celebrating Monday, Tuesday, etc., as the day of the res-urrection of Christ, when they had celebrated the previous Sunday for the same reason! In the interests of Sunday observance this would never do. So it was decreed that the anni-versary must always fall on Sunday, and we have an anniversary day which not only always falls on Sun-day, but spreads out in the course of years over a period of four or five weeks between the beginning of March and the end of April! It does't matter whether it falls in March or April, just so that it falls on Sunday. All this celebration of Easter is of course a confession that Sunday is not the day of Christ's resurrection. A weekly event cannot be an anni-versary, and an anniversary cannot be celebrated weekly. The logic of the weekly observance demands that there be no Easter, and Easter in turn disposes entirely of the claim made for Sunday as the weekly Sabbath. Why will intelligent sensible people be guilty of such inconsistency? Why do not the churches either drop Sunday as the Sabbath, or drop Easter? If there is any good reason for holding to both as commemo-rative of the same event, we really wish some one would tell us what it is. A , ALL reports from Japan agree that there is in that country a gen-eral expectation of war with Russia at no distant date, for which prep-arations are now being energetically made on both sides. 