48 ANEEnrcANT VoL. 8, No. 6. attempt to enforce the law of God, or that of Christ, for the government of his church, than it has to do the same thing by the laws of Great Britain, France, or Russia; nor as much, for God and Christ are su-perior to this Government in the exercise of their divine jurisprudence, while the nations of the earth are only equals. This Nation is not a Christian nation, and never will be, even though a majority of the people were to become Christian. It is one of the nations that the devil promised to give the Son of God in ex-change for one act of worship. See Matt. 4 : 8-10. But, lo! National. Reformers have undertaken to bring about a state of things in this Nation that was rejected by the Son of God with a scathing rebuke. Let lovers of liberty rebuke it too. A. SMITH. Wisconsin's Position. ON January 17, Representative M. E. Burke, of Wisconsin, introduced into the Assembly of that,State the following reso- lution :Š Joint Resolution in relation to the management of the World's Columbiah Exposition on Sundays. WHEREAS, By the provision of a statute recently enacted by the Congress of the United States, the American people and visitors from abroad are de-nied the right, and prevented from exercising the choice of visiting the World's Columbian Exposi-tion, to be held at Chicago in 1893, on Sundays, and, WHEREAS, said provision, in the opinion of a large and influential portion of the citizens of the State of Wisconsin, and surrounding States, does not serve, promote, or attain any public, private or individual purpose whatsoever, but on the con-trary, is an unjust and unnecessary and unwar-rantable interference with, and infringement upon, the personal right and privileges of free and law-abiding citizens, and that its enforcement will re-sult in the exclusion of hundreds of thousands of laboring and business people in the northwest from the pleasures, instruction, and other benefits to be derived from an inspection of the many magnifi-cent and instructive works of God and man, which will be displayed at said Exposition, and will also result in a financial loss thereto. Therefore, be it Resolved by the Assembly, the Senate concurring, that it is the sense and desire of the legislature of the State of Wisconsin, that said World's Colum-bian Exposition, to be held in Chicago this year, be open for the admission of the public all days of the week, from its commencement until its close, under such regulation concerning the opera-tion of machinery therein, on Sundays, as will not interfere with religious observance on Sunday by people living or worshiping in the immediate vicin-ity of said. Exposition, and that our senators and representatives in Congress from this State are hereby requested and instructed to use every hon-orable means to secure the repeal of the Sunday-closing clause of said act of Congress, and be it further Resolved, That the Governor and Secretary of State be, and they are hereby authorized and re-quested to, at once, transmit under their official signatures and the seal of the State one copy of these, resolutions to each of our senators and rep-resentatives in Congress. The resolution was adopte" by the Assembly, thus making Wisco: sin one of the first States to put itself on record as declaring in favor of Sunday opening. Liberality stands out prominently as a characteristic throughout the resolution. The grounds taken for this action are not based upon religious reasons, but, rightly, because Sunday closing is an "infringe-ment upon the personal rights and priv-ileges of free and law-abiding citizens." It is to be hoped that all the State leg-islatures will, on these grounds, express themselves in favor of Sunday opening. B. G. WILKINSON. Madison, Wis. Do the religious Jaws of to-day fore-shadow the persecutions of to-morrow? 2ref.A.TICS1NT.Z.A.ILe R611010115 Libutil ilssoGiation DEGLIIIIIITION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the Civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our f ]low-citizens may enjoy the InesŁ timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICR. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. 28 College Place, Chicago, Ill., Jan. 23, 1893. MR. D. W. MILLER, Editor Carriage World, Cincinnati, Ohio. Dear Sir : Your letter of November 9 was duly received, and should have been answered ere this, and would have been but for the lack of time. The following quotation from your letter so frankly states your position, the dilemma into which it leads you, and your proposed remedy, that I will notice it briefly You have overlooked the fact that the com-mandment simply enjoins six days of labor and one rest day to follow, but does not indicate what day of the week that rest day or sabbath, shall fall on. True, it is the seventh day following the six days of labor, but who shall determine what day of the week this Sabbath shall fall on ? Manifestly the only way to secure the general observance of one day was to enact civil laws. You claim this interferes with religious liberty. In other words, you would have every man choose his own day to suit his own religious views, and thus every man would have the divine appointing of his own sabbath. The utter impracticability of such a plan and the entire destruction of any sab-bath at all is apparent to the feeblest intellect. I have read many attempts to evade the plain requirements of the fourth commandment and at the same time establish a basis for Sunday laws, but I never before saw a statement of the case which so truthfully represented the position of the Sunday law advocate, and therefore so manifestly blind, weak, and wicked. I can not see how you can read these two paragraphs and fail to discover the fearful errors they contain. However, you may be honest in holding these views, and I shall therefore, kindly, yet With great plainness of speech, endeavor to convert you from the error of your way. To this end I will first quote the fourth commandment, as follows:Š Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work: But the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the sev-enth day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it. This commandment, spoken with the voice of God, which shook the earth, and written with God's own finger on tables of stone, you declare to be utterly useless except to make confusion unless amended by " civil laws." This commandment, which is as definite as to  which day is the Sabbath as words can make it, you declare " does not indicate which day of the week this rest day or Sabbath shall fall on." Having accomplished, in your mind, the destruction of God's commandment, you very naturally cast about for material to make a sabbath of your own. In the utter confusion which follows, you cry out, " Who shall determine which day of the week the Sabbath shall fall on ? " At length that hoary church weapon of the Dark Ages, " civil laws" so often employed to settle unknowable, unreasonable and un-Christian theological mysteries, resultant from a disregard of the plain command of God, appears in view, and with the air of a satisfied man, you exclaim, "manifestly the only way to secure the general observance of one day was to enact civil laws." Do you not see that in this you charge God with commanding thetobservance of a Sabbath, under penalty of death, and then leaving men to guess which day of the week the Sabbath falls on? When thus left to themselves, you admit that utter con-fusion will follow, so much so that " the only way to secure the general observance of any day was to enact civil laws." You charge God with being the author of confusion, but Paul says " God is not the author of confusion." You say the fourth commandment leaves every man free to choose his own sabbath, and then you immediately state that "the utter impracticability of such a plan and the entire destruction of any sabbath at all, is apparent to the feeblest intellect." In this you charge God with "utter impractica-bility," "the entire destruction of any sabbath," and with possessing an intellect feebler than the "feeblest intellect." You say for " every man to choose his own day to suit his own religious views," would be to leave every man the divine appointing of his own sab-bath," which course you declare would result in " the entire destruction of any sabbath." Since God, according to your views of his Sabbath com-mandment, has not decided which day of the week he desires observed as the Sabbath, who, I ask, shall decide? You answer, Not the individual, for that would leave every man free to "choose his own day to suit his own religious views." This you refuse to tolerate for a moment, since it would leave every man "the divine appointing of his own sabbath." If God has not divinely appointed any day as the Sabbath and the individual is not allowed to choose his own day to suit his own religious views, who shall do it for him? You answer, the civil government must have the "divine appoint-ing " of the Sabbath. This makes the State divine and is the view held by pagan Rome eighteen hundred years ago, against which Christ sent forth his disciples to battle, with the words, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." :But the old pagan idea of government is not the American idea. The Amer- ican idea is that the State, instead of being invested with divinity, by virtue of which it can interpret the divine will, create sabbaths, make and unmake gods for the people, is, itself, a creation " of the people, by the people, and for the people." The civil government has no more right to " divinely appoint" sabbath days and the manner of their observance, than to compel the people to be bap-tized. That every man has a right to "choose his own day to suit his own religious views" is one of the pillars upon which the American Government rests. The historian, Bancroft, bears testimony to this truth in the following words: "No one thought of vindicating religion for the conscience of the in- dividual until a 'voice in Judea . . . enjoined to render unto Caesar only that which is Caesar's. Ł . Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its rela-tions to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea." No, friend Miller, your ideas of the relation of the individual to the State are es- R. O. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 