276 AMERICAN whether cooperation may be expected. The secretary of the committee has already received many replies, nearly all favoring the national federation, and in every case promising active cooperation if one is organized." The Constitution of American Imperialism.ŠNo. 3. BY JOHN D. BRADLEY. THE Constitution of American Republicanism was an instrument of delegated and limited powers. It was the instrument by which the people established the three departments of government and in which they granted to these three departments,  certain defined, specified, and limited powers. It was a limit upon power, because its object was to protect the weak against the strong. The organization of the Government into three departments was for the express purpose of making it hard to escape that limitation. Each department was to be a check upon the other should it be inclined to go beyond those limitations and violate the Constitution. It was neces-sary that it should mean exactly what it said, nothing more and nothing less. Every word, every phrase, was selected with the utmost care, for there must be in it no ambiguous expression to be construed as a warrant for unlawful power. Had its language or its principles been capable of anything else but a literal application the very object of its existence would have been frustrated and it might as well have never been written. The constitution of American imperialism is an in-strument of sovereign and unlimited powers. It exists to "consecrate" and to "stamp legality" upon the acts of arbitrary power. It is therefore an "elastic" docu-ment, "the most expansive document ever written by the hand of man." "It is like the tent that Saladin gave to tichard." When justice and human rights are concerned it can fold so small that it can rest in a nut-shell! When warrant for unlawful power is desired it can expand so that "whole armies [imperial armies] can recline under its shade. . . . Expansive! Why, it is expansive enough to cover the world, if necessary [in the interests of expansion and imperialism]; and it can con-tract when the time and the occasion demand contrac-tion" [when the rights of the people are concerned].* "within the last few weeks a very plain and practical illustration has been given of how such a constitution will operate. At the very time that the Filipinos were being driven from Malolos, their capital, great trusts were being formed in this country at the rate of sometimes a dozen a day, for the purpose of "strangling competition in order to raise prices to the consumer"Šin order to prey upon the people, both competitors and con-sumers. These combinations are known to be dangerous to the public wel-fare. They are known by everybody to be so many gigantic and irrespon-sible organizations existing for the purpose of robbing the people in the mass. The routing and slaughtering of the Filipinos on the other side of the earth by authority of the American Government is declared to be con-stitutional by the exponents of imperialism, because the Constitution "is expansive enough to cover the world, if necessary." But it is not expansive enough to cover trusts. The attorney-general, who said some time ago, that "if we can govern ourselves, by that token we can govern others," declares that the Federal Government has no power under the Constitution to deal with "any combination constituting a restraint and monopoly of trade unless such trade is what is known as interstate or international The Constitution of American Republicanism de-clared that "the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution nor prohibited by it . to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." The people withheld all power not expressly and affirmatively delegated in the Constitution. The expounders of the constitution of American imperialism declare that "as to every matter the United States as a nation possesses sovereign power, except only where sovereignty has been reserved to the States and the peo-ple," and that "as a nation it possesses every sovereign power not reserved in the Constitution to the States and to the people," and that these powers are the "sovereign rights of the nation upon which there is no limitation, and in regard to which there is no qualification." t The Constitution of American Republicanism declared that "the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, unless when, in cases of rebellion or invasion, the public safety may require it," and that "the trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment, shall be by jury." We are coolly informed by a leading trade and commerce." Thus, under an "elastic" constitution, the robbers of America may proceed without hindrance while the so-called rebels of the Philippines must be shot. If the sacredness of the Constitution protects robbery upon American soil, why cannot that sacredness protect even the "robbers," "rebels," and "bandits" of the Philippines? Possible the Con-stitution does not warrant interference with trusts except in the cases men-tioned, but it ill becomes those who say so to stretch the Constittition around the world in order to interfere with people who desire to be left alone. If the authorities must keep their hands oft the robbers on Ameri-can soil, why should they not keep their hands off people on the other side of the earth? t For a full exposition of this doctrine see the speech of Senator Platt, of Connecticut, delivered in the United States Senate Dec. 19, 1898, and re-ported in the Congressional Record of same date, pp. 321-331. The people have not enumerated in the Constitution all their rights. They have ex-pressly reserved to themselves the right to choose or not to choose a reli-gion, but they have not in express terms reserved the right to choose an occupation in life. They have reserved the right of freedom from slavery or involuntary servitude, but they have not reserved in express terms the right to labor of their own accord. Are they then not sovereign in these things, and does the genera] government possess "inherent sovereign power" in these matters? Is it true that every right which the people have not named is among the "sovereign rights of the nation upon which there is no limitation, and in regard to which there is no qualification?" Does the Federal Government have the right to enact and enforce every absurd, unjust, and abominable statute that has ever disgraced the laws of any nation ancient or modern, because it has not been prohibited from doing so in definite and express language? The exponents of imperialism say that it has. But the people have spoken differently. They have declared that "the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to 'the people," and that- "the enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people." Neither State sovereignty nor national sovereignty is the doc-trine of American government. The Doctrine of the Declaration and the Constitution is the sovereignty of the people, and the Government has no powers whatever, but those affirmatively delegated by the people. And the people do not possess absolute sovereignty. There are some things in which they are not sovereign; some powers which they can not delegate. The power (we mean, of course, just power, not physical power) to interfere with the inalienable rights of men, they cannot delegate, because they do not possess it. James Madison, in writing on sovereignty, said: "The sov-ereignty of society as vested in and exercisable by the majority, may do anything that could be rightfully done by the unanimous concurrence of the members; the reserved rights of individuals (conscience, for example) in becoming parties to the original compact being beyond the legitimate reach of sovereignty, wherever vested or however viewed." John Quincy Adams said in 1837: "In assuming the attributes of sovereign power, the colonists appealed to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of their intentions, and neither claimed nor conferred authority to do any-thing but for right. . . . The people who assumed their equal and sep-arate station among the powers of the earth, by the laws of nature's God. by that very act acknowledged themselves bound to the observance of those laws, and could neither exercise nor confer any power inconsistent with them." Charles Sumner said: "This dogma [of illimitable sovereignty] is distinctly discarded in the Declaration, and it is frankly proclaimed that all sovereignty is subordinate to the rule of right." [Italics supplied in these quotations.] 