THE, AMERICAN-  SENTIN.E1,. J03 ilization to go even farther than the fourth in this barbarism. Sunday laws are being everywhere pro-posed; and very recently Judge Ham-mond, of the Federal Court, declared, in a decision confirming the decision of the Tennessee Court in the case of R. M. King, a Seventh-day Adventist, who was fined and imprisoned for pursuing his " ordi-nary avocations " on Sunday, that " if one ostentatiously labors for the purpose of emphasizing his distaste for and his dis-belief in the custom, he may be made to suffer for his defiance by persecutions, if you call them so, on the part of the great majority, who will compel him to rest when they rest." Poor Mr. King was sim-ply plowing in his own field, in the per-formance of what he sincerely believed to be his duty, and was injuring no one. He had, according to his belief, the com-mand of God to justify him, the example of the Saviour to uphold him, and, he might well have thought, the Constitu-tion of his State to protect him; and yet this Judge, this creature, sweeps away in this decision all the' protectionaccorded by the Constitution to free exercise of religious belief, sets at naught the exam-ple of Jesus Christ who also kept the seventh day as his Sabbath, and holds as an act of criminality, and fit for persecu-tions, that obedience to his God which was to Mr. King his highest duty. Broken in means and in health by fine and imprisonment, he has been called to his final rest . by a higher power than his iniquitous judges, who will surely be called to account if there be any retribution in the futureŠjudges who regarded the conscience of the majority as the only conscience to be considered. God save the mark ! what is the conscience of the majority ? In the Congress of the United States, laws are being proposed by members from various States all looking to controlling the Christian Sabbath, Sunday, by law. Christians fondly imagine that by these laws they are, as the old preacher said, " fighting the devil." On the contrary they are preparing the way for a legion of devils to spring upon them as soon as any one of their various sects shall pre-dominate over the rest and become most powerful among them. When the Sunday rest bill, offered by Hon. W. C. P. Breckinridge, was defeated some two years since, one of its advocates stated that it would be brought up again at the next session ; " not," he said, " that we care so much for this bill, for there is but little in it, but we want it as a prec-edent; once, admit the principle and Con-gress can not refuse to make other laws in accordance." A PRECEDENT! TO WHAT? The Constitutions are the only protec-tion to the minority. Jesus Christ suf-fered martyrdom at the hands of a major-ity for expressing his religious belief. He believed he was the son of God, and said so. The Jews did not agree with him in his belief; and, religion being a "part of the law of the land," and subject to the law, and the Jews being the majority who made the laws, they crucified him. Under our Constitution he would have had, though a minority of only one, the perfect right to say lie was the son of God and to convert as many as he could to his own faith so long as he injured no one in any way, and would have been protected in this right unless he should have fallen  into the hands of those who would vio-late the Constitution by making religious belief subject to law, and law subject to whatever religious party might happen to be in power at the time. For your freedom's sake, Americans, cling to your Constitutions ! They are wise, let them be dearer to you than life itself. Cling to them, for once you throw them aside, you indeed " bare your breast to the shaft and your brow to the storm" of whatever odious restrictions a trium-phant and tyrannical majority may choose to impose upon you. But some will say " Sunday laws are not unconstitutional." How can this be so when Congress is expressly forbidden to make any law respecting the establish-ment of religion, and the States are ex-pressly forbidden to make any law that shall give preference to any religious society or mode of worship. Is not the observance of Sunday, by Christians, as their Sabbath, a part of their mode of worship and are not the Christians a re-ligious society ? though subdivided into many sects ? and does not the enforce-ment by law of even one religious observ-ance give preference by law to the mode of worship of which that observance is part ? and is not such a law, so far as it goes, a law made to establish that religion to which such observance may belong ? How then can it be anything but uncon-stitutional ? how can either Congress or any Legislature make any such law with-out a direct and positive violation of Con-stitutions both State and Federal? But some will say the Sunday laws are not religious in any sense of the word, but only for the benefit of the working classes to insure them rest, whilst others advocate them as a " police regulation." Now, if the law can decide that a man must rest one day, can it not decide that he must rest two days, or any number of days ? Or, that he shall rest only one day in ten, as was decreed in France after the revolution there ? But, to be equal, the rest law ought to apply to all men equally and to all sorts of labor. If only works of charity and necessity are to be allowed, and men are forbidden by law to receive pay for Sunday work, then the minister of the gospel could not receive pay for his Sunday preachingŠthe choristers and the organ-player, the sexton and the boy who blows the bellows would all be debarred from emolument for their Sunday workŠand all mast do it as a matter of charity. It would be interesting to know how many would continue to preach under this state of the case. As a police regulation. Under Consti-tutions that declare " no preference shall be given by law to any religious society or mode of worship," how can an act, solely in deference to the Christian religion, be made a crime that is not a crime per se an act be made a crime that injures no one ? an act that is a virtue on Monday, be made a crime on Sunday ? and yet the law, so creating a crime for the sole pur-pose of punishing it in deference to a cer-tain mode of worship, not be unconstitu-tional ? and in defiance of the Constitu-tions of the States and of the United States ? No such laws can stand the test of constitutional integrity. It may be said it is in the interest of public order to close saloons on Sundays on the ground that idleness begets mis-chief, and all the working classes being at leisure Sunday, there may be more dan-ger to the peace than on week days. But  if so, the law should be applied not to Sunday alone, or to it as the Sabbath, but every legal Loliday as well, since the work-ing classes are equally as idle on those days as on Sundays. No, gentlemen, make no Sunday laws, repeal all that are now on the statute books. Repeal all school laws relating to religion. Let religion be taught in the homes and the churches where it belongs, and infidelity and atheism can never " hold the reins " as is feared by some, so long as religion is left free. Let all reli-gion be free as the air of heaven. Have no compulsion about it, and like the air its various currents are life-giving and purifying. But once confine it, deprive it of its native freedom, and like the air so confined, it becomes a very engine of de-struction and of death itself.Š"Kain-tuckee," in Henderson ( Ky.) Reporter. What the Fourth Commandment Requires. EVERY person has a right to work six days in every week, for the language of the commandment is, " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work." These words God spake with his own voice, and the right which they confer upon mankind is a God-given right, confirmed by an au-thority beside which all opposing human authority becomes an absolute nullity. But the language of the commandment imparts something more than a mere per-mission to labor upon six days of the week. It imparts something in the nature of an obligation. The propriety of its doing so can be readily seen. Six days of the week are left to be devoted to man and his temporal interests, but the seventh day is the Lord's, Šthe day upon which he rested, and which he blessed and sanctified. This day must therefore be kept distinct and sepa-rate from all other days, and of course the means for doing this must not be likewise employed in behalf of other days, or the distinction would be lost. If mankind should regularly refrain from work upon two days of the weekŠthe seventh day and some other dayŠin the manner pre-scribed by the commandment for the seventh day, there would be nothing in it to show which day it was that God rested upon, and which he sanctified and blessed, Šnothing to signify that God created the heavens and the earth in six days, and rested upon the seventh,Šand thus the purpose of the institution would entirely fail. The observance of the command-ment by rest upon the seventh day would be nullified by the like rest upon the other day. It is absolutely essential, therefore, that the six working days should be kept distinct in character from that day which God has set apart for himself. But the impropriety of resting upon both the seventh and first days of the week does not stop here; for the first day is a rival Sabbath. Peculiarly offensive to God, therefore, must any act be which is an acknowledgment of the claims of this false Sabbath to the sanctity and reverence due his own day. In what other way could such observance of the first day, by one who knew its claims to be false, be taken, but as an insult to the Creator ? In what other way could the Creator himself regard it ? The person who refrains from labor upon the first day of the week, thereby ac-knowledges either the claims of the day, 