APRIL 13, 1893. A IVIMEt ICA l‚r s   1H;NrriN   faLA. 117 town known as the New Brighton Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and I am unable to say what action has been taken by its mem-bers. I am a teacher of a Sunday-school class in the Presbyterian Church, and my children tell me that they can buy all the candy they want on Sunday afternoons at the restaurants. I told them that it was a violation of the law and the constables must enforce the law, but they replied the constables buy too, so they consider them-selves secure from that source. But we will com-pel them to enforce the law." When asked if the Sunday newspapers would be included in the list of illegal acts she replied: "Cer-tainly. We propose to enforce the whole law." She further explained that no arrests would be made until notices had been served to merchants to cease their illegal proceedings. Mrs. Thomas McKinney, superintendent of both the county and New Brighton organizations, and president of the Committee on Sabbath observance, was then seen. She stated that it was the intention of the organ-ization to proceed with the work as soon as fully equipped for it. She said that the only action yet taken was a discussion amonoŁ6  the members and a sending for copies of the law to be enforced, When these arrived copies would be sent to the keepers of restaurants and notice served that they must be observed. She said that they must be fully informed before acting so that no mistakes would be made. The copies of these laws were sent for some time ago and action is expected im-mediately. Mrs. McKinney was very emphatic in her condemnation of the Sunday paper but hoped that it would not be necessary for the local organiz-ation to act on that matter. Mrs. McKinney was a delegate to the Sabbath Observance Convention which met at Harrisburg recently, and praised Governor Pattison highly for his action. This " earnest " and " intellectual " Sunday-school teacher certainly gave an exhibition of much zeal and force in the management of her pupils, but is it a zeal well directed, and force properly applied, to threaten a class of children with the constable and the court for the infraction of a supposed moral precept ? Ł Opposed to the Gospel. WHEN there is legislation in regard to matters of religion, there must of neces-sity be the use of force, for a law without a penalty is no law at all. Now, legisla-tion upon matters of religion is sinful, not only because force is utterly foreign to the spirit of the gospel, but because it tends directly to lower the standard of religion. Thus : When men are brought to think that the State has a right to legislate upon matters of religion;  to enforce its observance, and to punish for acts of dis-obedience, then religion is brought down to a merely human level. The State then teaches that there is nothing more to religion than it can enforce. But it can not read a man's heart, and there-fore the idea is spread that religion con-sists merely in outward forms. " What-soever is not of faith is sin." Rom. 14: 23. Now there is no power either on earth or in heaven that can compel a man to believe. Faith works by love; but that which is of force is not of love; therefore that which is not of love is sin. And therefore that service which is forced is sin. So then, when Govern-ment enacts and enforces laws pertain-ing to matters of religion it is simply using its power to compel people to sin. Religious legislation is therefore directly opposed to the gospel. The Apostle Paul writes of those in the last days who have "a form of god-liness, but deny the power thereof." 2 Tim. 3: 5. The gospel is the power of God. But when professed Christians appeal to the Government to enforce cer-tain things which are wholly religious; when ministers plead for Sunday laws, so that they can have "fair play one day  in the week," they thereby admit that the gospel which they preach has not the power of God. The form is there, but by their appeal to human power they deny the power of God : for no one who is conscious of the power of God to back his message, and who knows in his own person what that power is, would insult God by asking for human power to sup-plement the power of God. Again : we have read that there is one lawgiver and one judge, namely, God, and that whosoever judges another is really sitting in judgment on the law, and judging the law. But religious legis-lation calls for human judgment upon the law of God. For men to incorporate the laws of God into human codes, is to usurp the place of God as lawgiver, and therefore his place as judge. But this is the characteristic of " the man of sin." It is the acme of apostasy, for the apostle said that the apostasy that was working in his day would culminate in the man of sin, " the son of perdition, he that op-poseth and exalteth himself against all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he sitteth in the temple of God, setting himself forth as God." 2 Thess. 2:4, 5. This man of sin is the same as the " little horn " of the fourth beast of Daniel's prophecy, which is thus de-scribed : " And he shall speak great words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High, and think to change times and laws." Dan 7: 25. The Roman Catholic Church is the re-sult of the attempt to build up Christian-ity by means of the State. Religious legislation asked for and received by the church, made the Papacy. Therefore whenever any men, professed Protestants though they be, ask for legislation in be-half of religion, no matter to what degree, they are simply following the steps of the Papacy. Nay, they are doing more than simply following in the steps of the Papacy; they are joining it, and becoming a part of it; because religious legislation is the very essence of the Papacy. And this is still further emphasized by the fact that it was legislation upon the Sunday that made the Roman Catholic Church. It is that which is the Catholic Church's boast, as showing its power. In " Plain Talk about the Protestantism of To-day," from the French of Mgr. Segur, we find the following :Š It is worth while to remember that this observ-ance of the Sabbath,Šin which, after all, the only Protestant worship consistsŠnot only has no foundation in the Bible, but it is in flagrant con-tradiction with its letter, which commands rest on the Sabbath, which is Saturday. It was the Catholic Church which, by the authority of Jesus Christ, has transferred this rest to the Sunday in remembrance of the resurrection of our Lord. Thus the observance of Sunday by the Protestants, is an homage they pay, in spite of themselves, to the au-thority of the church. Any amount of history might be quoted, if we had space, to show that the adop-tion of Sunday instead of the seventh day as the Sabbath, is the distinguishing mark of the Roman Catholic Church. Therefore when professed Protestants not only follow the practice personally, but fall into line and enforce its observance by law, they are identifying themselves with the Papacy. And now read the warning against do-ing such a thing, and against in any way recognizing such laws when they are made. He who will read the whole of the fourteenth chapter of Revelation will  see that it deals with the time reaching down to the coming of the Lord. It pre-sents the last proclamation of the gospel in these words :Š And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, say-ing with a loud voice, Fear God, and give glory to him ; for the hour of his judgment is come; and worship him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters. And there fol-lowed another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication. And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mix-ture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the pres-ence of the holy angels, and of the Lamb; and the smoke of their torment ascendeth up forever and ever; and they have no rest day nor night, whe worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name. Rev. 14: 6-12. Thin warning against the worship of the boast, or of his image, which is the union of any professed Protestants with the civil power, is the proclamation of the gospel, because as we have shown, religious legislation is the deadly enemy of the gospel. It is the denial of Christ as the power of God. It is the denial of God as the Creator of the heavens and the earth, and as the Creator, by that same power, of men in Christ to do his will. Therefore wherever there is any movement towards getting the State to help the Church along in its work, the voices of all who would have the gospel of Christ preserved in its purity must be raised in protest and warning. This is the message for these days. It is to pre-sent Christ as the power of God, and the righteousness of God by faith of Jesus Christ as the only righteousness which will cover men from the wrath of God. Who will heed it, and say, " In the Lord have I righteousness and strength." " In the Lord shall all the seed of Israel be justified, and shall glory " ? E. J. WAGGONER. Traitorous Legislation. THERE seems to be a widespread feeling among the toiling millions of this coun-try that they have been cheated out of the opportunity for them to visit, on the only day available for most of the indus-trial classes, the most stupendous and magnificent exposition of the wonders of human genius that have ever been col- lected in the history of the world. . . There is absolutely no valid reason for such a measure of tyranny. Every Chris-tian scholar and every well-posted layman knows that Sunday is not any more holy than Monday; they know that it was es-tablished as a day of rest to meet the requirements of fashion; they know that there is no command to keep it holier than any other day in the Bible; they know that all that refers to the Sabbath in the Scriptures refers to Saturday. . . . But the most frightful thing about the matter is, that the Sunday-closing law for the World's Fair, practically inaugurates a fusion of Church and State in this coun-try. There is no reason now, taking that legislative enactment as a precedent, why the Government should not pass laws making it a misdemeanor to neglect church service; or to make it a crime to be a freethinker. But the most painful thing of all is the 