410 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Did any body ever read where the clergy were sitting at the elbow of a prosecuting barrister, seeking to convict for playing ball on Wednesday or Thursday, or any day but Sunday? Baseball is played every day in the week. Is it right six days in the week, and wrong on Sunday? If so, why so? If it is uncivil on Sunday, is it not equally uncivil the other six days? Any why do preachers make such a hue and cry about Sunday ball and say nothing against it the other six days? Why let a thing they deem wrong run unmolested for six days in the week, and suddenly make an ado on Sunday, and spend time during the week sitting at the elbow of some lawyer seeking to convict a fellow-citizen for doing on one day what they them-selves favor the other six? It is quite evident that the opposition is not to baseball, but to the time when it is played; so the effort is to secure religious legislation in favor of Sunday. During the fourth century the clergy made a fuss about _various amusements being held on Sunday, assigning as a reason that the people congregated more to the places of entertainment than to church. They, therefore, re-quested that the amusements be tranferred to some other day. It is the same now. The exaltation of Sun-day is the thing sought, and this is the state enforcing a religious institutionŠa union of church and state. G. B. THOMPSON. "The Righteous Nation." Baltimore Sun. As AN illustration of the perversion of what the world has been accustomed to consider the spirit of Christianity it may be worth while to call attention to the religious services at Adams, Mass., on Sunday in which President McKinley and his party participated. The pastor preached on the theme "War for Righteous-ness and Peace," while for the Sunday schoolexercises there was a special programme, entitled, "The Right-eous Nation," containing a number of "patriotic songs" in which Mr. McKinley, we are told, joined heartily. "War for Peace and Righteousness" was the doctrine of Mahomet, and with this motto the blood-stained cres-cent of the Mussulman swept over many lands. The cross of Christ went forth in the earlier ages conquering and to conquer in the power of love, not of the sword. If Christianity now rests simply on the principle of the "unspeakable Turk," and depends upon its propagation on physical force, the sooner the New Testament and the teachings of Christ are amended to conform with that idea the better. Logic and consistency are both outraged by the conflict between the new gospel and the old. The Sun-day-school programme of "The Righteous Nation," prepared for the special delectation of the President, while not suggesting Christian humility, does recall a  familiar figure in New Testament historyŠthat of our old friend the Pharisee, who, when he went up to the temple to pray, thanked God that he was not as other men. The Blindest Blind. By E. S. BROOKS. THE blindest blind are those who will not see, Who shun the light and into darkness flee. And oh! how deaf are those who will not hear, Who error love, but truth both hate and fear. The light of truth on many sheds no ray, Who in.the shadows of their idols stay; Who blindly walk the road the pagans trod, And love and worship church instead of God. Though much may hydra-headed Error— rage At Truth's plain words upon the sacred page, Each futile effort only serves to show That man cannot the truth of God o'erthrow. Deceptions many 'gainst the truth are brought, But failing, new deceptions then are sought; But strange the foes of truth should fail to see How much among themselves they disagree. The Bible truth is much like Gideon's light; It shines, and then its foes each other fight. How strange they do not pause to count the cost And know that they'll be loser all that's lost. Dear friend, throw off tradition's blinding sway, And "seek" and "find" truth's plain and heaven-ward way; Be ever by God's Holy Word constrained, Assured that you'll be gainer all that's gained. 4,  A QuIstion of "Rights." New York "World." GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT strenuously insists on the duty of all citizens to uphold the President in "enforcing our rights in the Philippines." But what are our "rights" there? It is said that we succeeded to the sovereignty of Spain and to all the rights appertaining thereto. But did not, the United States deny the right of Spain to govern people against their will and to kill them if they resisted? Was it not in protest against this alleged right that Congress notified Spain to get out of Cuba, and proceeded to force her out when she refused to quit peaceably? If Spain had not the right to tax, to oppress, to -shoot and to starve the Cubans, no more had she the right to do the same things to the Filipinos. Judged by our own standard of right as applied to Spain in Cuba, Spain had no rights in the Philippines which justify us in 