FEB. 23, 1893. A.Mtk.JEC,11.C_A.N. IHANWINIbAr4. 63 impossible scheme under this law to com-pel the world to take the higher position so as to make it easy for the Church to come up to it, but for Christians them-selves to occupy the higher ground. It is legitimate for them to require of them-selves the obligation to obey God. It is not legitimate for them to pass over their own derelictions to force the religious conformity upon others. The persistent tendency among them to be diverted from what they should do in this matter is augmented by the presence of this law. The law stands as an accomplice to the mischievous infatuation that possesses men to seek to promote Sabbath observ-ance by it. ANOTHER REASON ADVANCED. I ask for the repeal of this law for an-other reason. It is an infringement of an inalienable right. God, who gave the Sabbath, appointed it upon the seventh day. He set it to be a memorial. From that monument of time the weeks were to be counted. The words "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," were not spoken until the command first indicated the Sabbath; but they were spoken and they have a meaning to us as significant as those which preceded them. These days were given us by the Creator in which to labor and do all our work. Not-withstanding this, the law of this State as well as in many other States, has pre-sumed to say concerning the first of these days that we shall not labor. God says, " Thou shalt." This act says you shall not. In behalf of every man, I protest against this infringement of his right. If —any man says, " We do not know which is the seventh day or which is the first day," then by what claim may he assume to dictate? If he has lost his reckoning so that he cannot identify his place, he is not the one to come and usurp a place. But whether he doubts the continuity of the weeks with which all the world agree or does not doubt it, in either case the State is not the arbiter of the Sabbath. THE LORD OF THE SABBATH. Our Lord was charged more than in all things else with, doing what men said it was not lawful to do on the Sabbath. If. men might dictate the Sabbath He would have conformed to their laws concerning it. Instead of this, he repudiated them and declared himself to be the Lord of the Sabbath. He commissioned no one to go and seek enactment of civil laws for its observance. He did command, " Render unto Caesar the things which are Csar's and unto God the things that are God's." The Sabbath is our tribute to the Lord, and Caesar may not require it of us. Paul said : " Let no man judge you of the Sab-bath." Paul had no authority to say to any one, " You need not keep the Sab-bath," but the doctrine of religious liberty is proclaimed that man is not to be our judge of it. The civil law is not to deter-mine this. God is our judge and to him alone must we answer. When the civil law concerning Sunday is annulled, it is not removing safeguards of the Sabbath. It is a clearing away of what has been a hindrance to the discern-ment and observance of the day we have been commanded of God to keep holy. It is remanding it to the use which God de-signed for it saying, " It shall be a sign between me and you." If a man observes the, Sabbath, we know it is because it is unto the tRrci. he observes it because  of the requirement of the civil law, the significance is lost. COMPULSION WORKS EVIL. I ask for the repeal of this law for an-other reason. The compulsory observance of the day works evil instead of good. When the Sabbath is observed unto the Lord it is voluntarily rendered. By the instruction in the home and in public wor-ship men gain a knowledge of God and are made better. Of those who have been restrained from their work, not from re-gard for God, but by the external require-ment of this law, the old adage holds true, "Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." G. H. LYON. Calamities and the Sunday Question. AT one of the four mass-meetings held under the auspices of the American Sab-bath Union in Chicago on the evening of December 13, 1892, Rev. Dr. Thompson, of Columbus, Ohio, said:Š If the cholera does not come next year sixty-nine nations will visit Chicago. They will come, ex-pecting to see the American Sabbath observed as an American institution. If the gates are open they will not see the American Sabbath, and if the cholera comes they will not visit us. Of two evils, Sunday opening and cholera, I am in favor of choosing the lesser, the cholera.ŠChristian States-man, December 81, 1892. In proposing a choice upon such matters as these,who can not see that these Sunday-law advocates are getting ready to pro-nounce every epidemic, flood, fire and calamity as a scourge from the Almighty for Sunday " desecration " ? Thus it was predicted they would, in a work published in 1884, in the following words :Š Satan works through the elements also to garner his harvest of unprepared souls. He has studied the secrets of the laboratories of nature, and he uses all his power to control the elements as far as God allows. . . . While appearing to the children of men as a great physician who can heal all their maladies, he will bring disease and disaster until populous cities are reduced to ruin and desolation. Even now he is at work. In accidents and calam-ities by sea and by land, in great conflagrations, in fierce tornadoes and terrific hail storms, in tempests, floods, cyclones, tidal waves, and earthquakes, in every place and in a thousand forms, is Satan exer-cising his power. He sweeps away the ripening harvest, and famine and distress follow. He im-parts to the air a deadly taint, and thousands perish by the pestilence. These visitations are to become more and more frequent and disastrous. Destruc-tion will be upon the inhabitants of the world. The beasts of the field will groan, and the earth will languish. And then the great deceiver will persuade men that those who serve God are causing these evils. The class that have provoked the displeasure of Heaven will charge all their troubles upon the faithful few whom the Lord has sent to them with messages of warning and reproof. It will be de-clared that the Nation is offending God by the vio-lation of the Sunday-Sabbath, that this sin has brought calamities which will not cease until Sun-day observance shall be strictly enforced, and that those who present the claims of the fourth com-mandment, thus destroying reverence for Sunday, are troublers of the Nation, preventing its restora-tion to divine favor and temporal prosperity. Thus the accusation urged of old against the servant of God will be repeated, and upon grounds equally well established. "And it came to pass when Ahab saw Elijah, that Ahab said unto him, Art thou he that troubleth Israel ? And he answered, I have not troubled Israel, but thou and thy father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of the Lord, and thou hast followed Baalim." 1 Kings 18: 17, 18. As the wrath of the people shall be excited by false charges, they will pursue a course towards God's ambassadors very similar to that which apos-tate Israel pursued toward Elijah. The miracle-working power manifested through Spiritualism will exert its influence against those who choose to obey God rather than men. Mes-sages will come from the spirits declaring that God has sent them to inform the rejecters of Sunday that they are in error, and that the laws of the land should be obeyed as the law of God. They will lament the great wickedness in the world, and second the testimony of religious teachers, that the  degraded state of morals is caused by the desecra-tion of Sunclay. Great will be the indignation excited against all who refuse to accept their testi-mony. ŠGreat Controversy, pp. 407-409 (small edi-tion. ) TO LEARN BOOK-KEEPING when you can learn it at home, within 100 hours' study, with-out the aid of a teacher, from Goodwin's Improved Book - keeping and Business Manual (guar-anteed). "I learned the science of book-keeping from your work in less than three weeks, and am now keeping three different sets of books. What I learned from your work in so short a time cost a friend of mine $600 and over a year's time."ŠTHOMAS TANTISH. Skowhegan, Me., March 29, 1890. Size of book, 7f/4x101/4 inches; pages, 293; printed in red and black; richly bound; 36.872 copies sold and 3,-477 testimonials received up to Feb. 16,1893. P rice, $3.00. Fifteenth Edition published January, 1893: CUT THIS OUT AND SAVE IT, as it will not appear again. You will surely.  have to have this book some day, if notat once. It is not a luxury, but a necessity, partic-ularly to the progressive! Send for descriptive pam- phlet. Address orders exactly as follows: J. H. GOODWIN, R. 487, 1 2) 5 Broadway, New York. The One Consistent Basis. ON the subject of Church union, the Patriot, of Lamoni, Iowa, presents these pertinent views:Š " The announced object of this move-ment for Church union, is the salvation of souls. It is evidently taken for granted that this salvation can only be obtained by means of the Christian religion. It is hence evident that any union of churches which either destroys or mutilates the Christian religion, will defeat the object sought. But how are the churches which now receive and hold exactly opposite views, each claiming to be at least a branch of the Church of Christ, to unite without entirely destroying the theories of some or greatly mutilating those of nearly all? If salvation is secured by compliance with each of the requirements now made by the several churches, can it be secured by a failure to comply with these conditions? Suppose a union of all the churches results hi an organization quite different from any that now exist, will it be the Church of Christ? If so, are the present dissimilar organizations churches of Christ also? Is Christ divided up in that sort of fashion at the bidding and caprice of men? " Evidently there is but one reasonable and consistent basis on which all men can unite in the service of God, and that is the will of God. If Christ is to have all men united in his service, it will only be by all men rendering obedience to Him. If a Church union is to be effected, He must name the conditions, appoint the bonds of union, declare what shall be given up as nonessential and what shall be retained as essential." AMERICAN WATCH $IIN ney back. Description: Cut is 2-3 ewe ; weight 4 ez ; American Lever Move-ment, Lantern Pinion, 240 beats to minute ; Patent winding & Setting attach-ment requiring lc'e; 1-a Escape- ment and Regulator ; Strong case of compo-sition met-al. Gold Plated & elegantly dnished ; Hour. Minute .43 Sec on d-Hands; Men than paper and we will send free gold plated CHAIN Ai CHARM. PRICE, This watch nethC7Snoll TaarlIN=ttUna:0a1IN:: DEALERS sell these POST pA5100.  W1195tijg,figu? gele'. Sendfor special B.- 4 C an St.,N City. $ 1  IMMO 11315 and ,;)N6u5roei;otrRatircitolf.lo8,0 specialties..y 0 We have at last ¢ CeiVO me demonstrated that a good watch can be made in this country for a low price. In lots of 100,000 we make this watch sur-prisinglycheap and can sell it for $1.50. Every part is made and put together in our New Eng-land factory & every watch is timed and guaranteed by us. The publish-ers of this paper will tell you that our guarantee is good. It is Just as shown in cut and de-scription, and anyone not perfectly satisfied will re. 