314 AMERICAN SENTINEL. source of knowledge on the subject, cannot know what it is, no matter how much he may be told of what some-body says it is. The Bible teaches that Christianity is itself an applied thing,Šthat it is manifested in no other form. For ac-cording to the Word of God, Christianity is not a creed, or a round of forms and ceremonies, but a manifestation of the life of Christ. It is the application of the wisdom, the power, the righteousness of God Himself, to the indiv-idual, through faith in Christ. It is the application of Divinity to humanity. This will of course be seen and felt in the community which environs it. This is "applied Christianity," by the agency of the Holy Spirit. It is impossible for man to apply Christian-ity to anything. Nor is any application of Christianity needed further than that which it is the office of the Spirit to make. THE Rev. Rev. Blustering Boanerges, who beats more dust out of the pulpit cushion than he does sin out of the hearts of his hearers, should bethink himself of the fisher-man's adage that "when there is thunder the fish go to the bottom of the sea."--New York Observer. National Christianity. BY M. E. KELLOGG. A WRITER in the Christian Advocate, lamenting the destruction of the Armenians by the Kurds and Turks, and suggesting as the only possible way for the preven-tion of further atrocities the union Of Great Britain and the United States against Turkey and Russia, says: " Of course, Christian America is horrified to think of the weary tramp of myriad feet over the blood-stained track to far-away Siberia, fearful dungeons, dismal mines, the lash, the sword, the torture; but, notwithstanding all this, Russia has done much good in Central Asia, and it certainly is not just to call her a little better than Tur_ key." This was an allusion to what some other writer had said of Russia in the same paper. After reading the above true description of Russian barbarism which this writer has portrayed, we can but wonder at his own conclusion that it is not just to call Russia "little better than Turkey." What does he want to call her? No better? No ; he conveys the idea that Russia is a good deal better than Turkey. The probabilities are that should this same writer desire to go on a Christian mission to either of these countries, he, would prefer to go to Turkey, knowing that he could preach Christ freer from interruption in Turkey than in Russia. Religion is free in Turkey. And any man is free to preach his religion, provided he does not make his religion the means of stirring up rebellion against the government. In Russia any religion besides the Established Church is not allowed. Every other reli- gion than the Greek Russian church is itself under the ban. What, then, makes Russia so much better than Tur-key? Nothing but the supposition that Russia, unlike Turkey, is a Christian nation 1 The good she has done in Central Asia is that she has conquered certain weak Mohammedan States and annexed them to her empire. But why go to Asia? What good has Russia done in Europe? How does she treat those who preach the gos-pel there? For them the road to Siberia is always open and always thronged. Russian cruelties, banishments and persecutions are made in the name of Christ, and not in the name of Mohammed. Should Russia gain posses-sion of Turkey, the American missionaries now laboring in that country would have to leave immediately; and should the Armenians or Mohammedan Turks rise in re- . bellion when under the Russian government, the Russian Cossack would, under the orders of his "little father," the White Czar, show himself equal to the Bashi Bazouk and the Kurd. National Christianity means but little, whether in Russia or the United States. To write it on paper looks well; but to be appropriately written, it should be written with blood,Šnot ink,--for it always has meant and al-ways will mean persecution and death to dissenters. When Christian America is horrified at Russian persecu_ tions, and Christian Russia is delighted with them, it is time that this national Christianity be analyzed to see of what it is composed. A close inspection will reveal in national Christianity a large amount of pride, priest-craft, bigotry, and love of power, and only the thinnest tinsel of Christianity to cover itŠin fact, nothing but the name. If the national Christianity of the United States is not as bad as that of Russia, it is because it is not yet so firmly established. Let national Christianity once be firmly fixed here. and this land will be a dreary place to the dissenter, who, perhaps, will be glad to seek an asylum under the government of some generous Mohammedan such as have ruled in the past. Yet, strange to say, the desire for a national religion, by law duly recognized and established, is very pleasing to many Americans. Ł The Chinaman was Right. "bible Echo,' Melbourne, Aus. A CHINESE grocer in Sydney, says the Sydney Daily Telegraph, of March 18, when asked by a "city mission-ary" to sign the Churches' Sunday-closing petition, care-fully inquired what the petition meant. "To enforce the closing of all shops on Sunday." "Oh, me close every Sunday and all holidays." "Then sign, and make those close who do not." "No, me no sign ; me close myself, not trouble about anybody else." The Chinaman was right. There was evidently more religious freedom slum-bering in his bosom than was manifested by the %mis-sionary" who asked him to sign the petition, or the San_ hedrimitish "Council" that sent this "missionary" out with its gospel of compulsion. 