178 THE A_MERICA.N SENTINEL. ously, cries of " Vote ! " " Vote !" and Mr. Holman, of Indiana, in the course of a strenuous attempt to shut off further debate on this question, said :Š Everybody understands this question. Every gentleman has considered it, and has made up his mind how to vote. I have made up my mind how I shall vote in regard to it, and I presume every other gentleman has his mind made up. If it is true, as Mr. Holman says, that all congressmen understand this question, it is surprising how many must have voted contrary to their convictions. BUT Mr. Holman found that the ques-tion would not down, and Mr. Hooker, of Mississippi, offered an amendment, in these words:Š Provided, That in no event shall the exhibit made by the Government be opened to the public on Sunday. Mr. Johnstone objected to this because as he said the point that he desired to em-phasize was,Š that this appropriation of money of the American people should not be expended at all unless the in-stitution upon which, or in connection with which, this fund is to be expended shall be closed on Sun-day. Mr. Hooker expressed himself as con-curring fully with Mr. Johnstone in the sentiment of his amendment, but considered that it should be modified so as to beŠ an expression of the legislative sentiment of the country, on the part of the Congress of the United States, and in respect to the Christian sentiment of the civilized world. and saying further,Š I am in favor of accomplishing the object, and of giving a legislative construction to the sentiment of the people of this country, as the representatives of the people, that the Exposition should be closed on the Sabbath day. It was agreed between Mr. Hooker and Mr. Johnstone that the two amendments should be joined, so as to read :Š Provided, That no part of the amount of this appropriation shall be available unless the doors of the Exhibition shall be closed on Sunday; Pro-vided further, That in no event shall the exhibit to be made by the Government be open to the public on Sunday. Mr. Johnstone continued to urge the adoption of his amendment and was inter- rupted by Mr. Bland, who said Ł Suppose that we should declare that this Expo-sition shall be open on Sunday, and suppose on the other hand the laws of Illinois say that it shall not. The State of Illinois not having granted jurisdic-tion to Congress, what right have we to interfere with the laws of that State upon the subject ? MR. JOHNSTONE, of South Carolina. I had given the gentleman credit for more acumen than his question indicates. MR. BLAND. I am after your acumen, and not mine.Laughter.] MR. JOHNSTONE, of South Carolina. I do not for a moment contemplateŠ[Cries of " Vote! " " Vote!"] MR. JOHNSTONE, of South Carolina. Gentlemen, you shall not howl me down ! Then followed a scene of great disorder and intense excitement which was not quelled until the Committee rose for the purpose of limiting debate; the Speaker resumed the Chair and called upon the Sergeant-at-Arms to request members to be seated and maintain order. AFTER a motion to adjourn was lost, the House again resolved itself into a Com-mitte of the whole House on the State of the Union, and again took up the consid-eration of the same question with a limi-tation of debate to two minutes, Mr. Les-ter of Georgia still in the Chair. Mr. William A. Stone, of Pennsylvania, offered a substitute,' which read That before any money appropriated by the Gov- ernment is paid, the managers of the Columbian Exposition shall pass and file with the Secretary of the Treasury a resolution or agreement to close the Exposition on Sunday. Mr. Pattison, of Ohio, then obtained the floor, and said :Š It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that there has not been a more important question before the House this session than the one now before the Commit-tee. . . . The United States is a peculiar coun-try. The Sabbath of our country is a peculiar Sabbath. It is known as the American Sabbath all over the wide world. . . . The Sabbath day is recognized in some way by every civilized nation of the world, but the Sab-bath, as we understand it, is peculiar to the United States alone, and hence we can very properly call it the American Sabbath. To us the Sabbath day was a part of our very being. It came with the Mayflower; it came with almost every band of Pil-grims;.  it was the corner stone of every State. It was in the web and woof of every State Consti-tution, its spirit permeates every article of the Con-federation of States, and when the Constitution was adopted the American Sabbath was as firmly estab-lished in the hearts of the American people as was the spirit of liberty itself, and we but voice the sentiment of the many millions of Christian people in all sections of the country, when we declare in favor of the American Sabbath, and by our votes say that the World's Fair shall not be open on the Sabbath day. [Cries of " Vote!" " Vote !"] MR. HOPKINS, of Illinois. What would the gen-tleman do with those people who have Saturday for their Sabbath ? MR. PATTISON, of Ohio. There are very few of those, and while they venerate the religious ideas of their own people, they respect American insti-tutions. MR. HOPKINS, of Illinois. But their conscien-tious scruples are as sacred to them as those who desire the doors to be closed on Sunday. MR. PATTISON, of Ohio. Certainly, and as such they are entitled to consideration. Thus cavalierly are the different objec-tions treated, objections that are founded in reason and a just conception of the lim-itations of congressional action ; and yet Mr. Holman says these men all under-stand this question, and are fully deter-mined upon it in their own minds. Cer-tainly the last part of his assertion is ap-parent. MR. PAYNTER, of Kentucky, then offers as an amendment to the substitute of Mr. Stone, the following:Š Provided, That the building, or buildings, con-taining the Government exhibit, shall not be open to visitors on Sunday. This amendment was voted upon and rejected. Without having accomplished anything further, the Committee arose and reported that no conclusion had been reached. Thus closed, for that day, the most re-markable scene ever witnessed in the Congress of the United States, but to be reopened the following day. The report of this day's proceedings on this question occupy more than eight full columns of the Congressional Record. OM the next day, May 26, the House, being again in the Committee of the Whole, with Mr. Lester, of Georgia, in the Chair, a long and unsuccessful effort was made to postpone the decision of the Sunday-closing question until the remainder of the bill had been considered and passed upon. There was a repetition of the wild and disorderly scene of the previous day. Mr. Stout offered an amendment to the substitute for the original amendment which was before the House, reading as follows :Š All buildings containing the exhibits under the control of the United States shall remain closed on Sunday, and no intoxicating liquors shall at any time be sold therein. This was rejected. Great confusion en-sued, in the course of which Mr. Williams  moved that each member " be allowed an hour to read the Illinois statute on this subject." This, it was impossible to grant, probably because, outside of parliament-ary reasons, it would have necessitated a full course in civil government and reli-gion for a majority of the members in order to their comprehension of the anomalous place which the statutes of this character hold in our law. The confusion and disorder increased until the Chairman was obliged to suspend business until order was restored. The clerk then read the full text of the substi-tute and amendment before the House, as follows :Š That before any money appropriated by the Gov-ernment is paid, the Managers of the Columbian Exposition shall pass and file with the Secretary of the Treasury a resolution and agreement to close the Exposition on Sunday. Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be available until the Board of Managers of the World's Columbian Exposition shall give satis-factory assurances that no intoxicating liquors will be sold on the grounds of said Exposition. This being put to vote, was lost, on the first vote, 37 to 122, on a second vote, tellers being ordered, 43 to 124. Mr. Dockery, of Missouri, then offered, as a substitute for the original proposition, offered by Mr, Johnstone, this proviso:Š Provided, That the Government exhibits at the World's Columbian Exposition shall not be opened to the public on Sundays. this was carried, ayes 131, noes 36. Thus the House of Representatives, by a vote of almost four to one, committed itself to this acknowledged religious legis-lation, and, if Mr. Holman can be be-lieved, did so deliberately, and after due consideration. A NOTABLE incident immediately fol-lowed this decision of the Sunday-closing question. As the quickest way of sug-gesting to the House, evidently, the utter impropriety of the action it had just taken, Mr. Bowers, of California, offered an amendment to this action, and made the accompanying remarks as follows :Š Resolved, That the Government exhibits at the World's Fair shall not be opened to the public or the Sabbath day; which is Saturday. MR. BOWERS. This is a religious question, and Saturday is the only Sabbath day. It was the Sabbath day when Christ was on earth, and it is the Sabbath day now. [Cries of " Vote ! " " Vote ! "] The question being taken, THE CHAIRMAN said. The noes seem to have it. MR. BOWERS. I call for a division. The question again being taken, the amendment of Mr. Bowers was rejected; there being ayes 11, noes 149. A private letter from Washington says of the reception which this nobly out-spoken expression of truth and fact re-ceived in the House : " It was met with derision, laughter, and contempt, by every member in the House. Ł I suppose the proposition is that Christ is dead, but there are a great many living men who have votesŠhence the derision." Notice was given by Mr. Lynch, of Wisconsin, that he would call for the yeas and nays in the House on the proposition to close the Government exhibit on Sun-day, which had just been passed. Mr. Bergen, of New Jersey, then offered a further amendment, as follows :Š And provided further, The employes in the service of the Fair during the week shall be relieved from service and others employed in their places on Sunday. This was rejected, and nothing further was offered in reference to the Sunday closing of the Fair, other business being then resumed. The report of the second day's proceed- 