204 AMERICAN SENTINEL. by the Protestant papers generally and by many of the Protestant missionary societies.. The latter signed and presented to Congress a counter petition, in which they said among other things;Š "We respectfully request Congress to adhere to the following announced policy, appearing in two recent ap-propriation bills, concerning appropriations both for Indian education and for charities in the District of Columbia: "`And it is hereby declared to be the settled policy of the Government to hereafter make no appropriation whatever for education in any sectarian school. "`And it is hereby declared to be the policy of the Government of the United States to make no appropria-tion of money or property for the purpose of founding, maintaining, or aiding, by payment for services, ex-penses, or otherwise, any church or religious denomina-tion, or any institution or society which is under secta-rian or ecclesiastical control; and it is hereby enacted that from and after the 30th day of June, 1898, no money appropriated for charitable purposes in the Dis-trict of Columbia shall be paid to any church or religious denomination, or to an institution or society which is under sectarian or ecclesiastical control.'" Archbishop Ireland Confirms It. THE Roman Catholic Church in the United States does not differ in anything, as concerns its character and aims, from the Catholic Church in Spain or Ecuador. So said the pope in his recent letter on Americanism, and in reply Archbishop Ireland takes pains to reaffirm the fact:Š "Most holy father, it is the enemies of the church in America and the faithless interpreters of the faith who `imagine' that there exists, or who desire to establish, in the United States a church differing in one iota from the holy and universal church which other nations rec-ognizeŠthe only one which Rome itself, infallible guard-ian of the revelation of Jesus Christ, recognizes or can recognize." Is it not perfectly fair, then, to judge the Catholic Church in the United States by the church as it is in "other nations"ŠSpain, Ecuador, Peru, etc.Šsince the church in this country does not differ "in one iota" from the church elsewhere? We have always said that it was, and now we have the highest Catholic authority to bear out the statement. Victory for Sunday Opening. A VICTORY for Sunday opening has been won in this city by certain delicatessen shops whose proprietors were recently indicted by the West Side Sunday-Closing Asso-ciation. A press item says:Š " The Grand Jury this afternoon [March 23] threw out the cases brought against Frederick Blaser, of No.  733 Amsterdam Avenue, and Abraham P. Krakauer, of No. 590 Columbus Avenue, the delecatessen dealers, charged with selling their wares on Sunday. "Their cases were taken to the Special Sessions, and then taken to the Grand Jury as a test matter by the law firm of Black, Olcott, and Gruber. "The Delicatessen Men's Association will hereafter keep their stores open on Sunday." Jesuitism in the Church of England. THE Church Union, organ of the Romish party in the Church of England, defines its attitude to wards state control by declaring, " We have denied and we deny the right of the Crown of England or the Parliament to determine the doctrine, the discipline and the ceremonial of the Church of England." To which Sir William Harcourt, speaking for the state, declares:Š "What is the use of `We' denying anything of the sort? 'We' might as well deny the right of the Crown and Parliament to tax the people. The only reply to this nonsense which it is necessary to give is that the Crown and Parliament when they enacted the Prayer Book in the teeth of the bishops and the clergy did de-termine all the conditions of the Church of England as established by law, and have continued to do so for more than three centuries. This is the kind of title which the law abiding English people have the habit of respecting, and it is not going to be set aside by a set of mutinous priests who have combined together to re-store the mass and the confessional." The Church of England having acquiesced in state establishment, cannot refuse to acquiesce in the price agreed upon in the bargain with the state for its support and protection, which is stated in Sir William's reply. The "high church" party want the "doctrine, discipline, and ceremonial of the Church of England" to be de-termined by the pope; all this party wants from the state is its support. The present controversy without doubt represents the final fruits of Jesuitism, in Protestant guise, in the English church. The Jesuits have taken a large part of the church over to Rome and are now fighting to retain for it the support of the Protestant English state. The Higher Egotism. THE Rev. S. P. Cadman, prominent in Methodist circles in this city, says that "the inerrancy and the infallibility of the Bible are no longer possible of belief among reasoning men." The best answer to which is that it is an actual fact that "the inerrancy and infalli-bility of the Bible" are believed by reasoning men, in this country and all others. The statement amounts to saying that "all who do not believe as we do are not reasoning men." This is the egotism of the "higher criticism." 