598 A_MERICAN SENTINEL. The True Recognition of God. " Southern Sentinel," Melbourne, Aus. Gon is worthy of the grateful recognition of every in-telligence in the universe. We believe, too, that there are proper lines on which we should seek to express and se-cure such recognition. But we do not, believe that the formal recognition of God in civil and political com-pacts is the proper means for the expression of such rec-ognition. That is not the kind of recognition God asks. It is not the kind that will honor him. Nor is it the kind that will benefit the nation. The recognition that God asks of men is personal faith in him and obedience to his just requirements. To recognize God truly means to recognize the sacred rights he has conferred upon men. The only true gov-frnmental recognition of God that can be made is for the government to recognize the teachings of Christ regard-ing the total separation of Church and State, and to frame such laws as will safeguard the rights and liberties of all its citizens. Saturday vs. Monday in the Public Schools. THE policy of the Public School Board of Litchfield, Minn., recently came in conflict with the religious views of some of the residents in that vicinitl , in what appears to be a rather curious case. It seems that a portion of the community became of the opinion that it would be well to make Monday a holiday in the schools in the place of Saturday, and just before the opening of the schools the Board voted that this should be done. As a reason for this action it was said that the pupils rarely had good lessons on Monday, as Sunday was devoted to recreation and religion rather than to study ; and that when pupils did study on Sunday, they were scolded for it by the teachers whenever the fact came to the latters' knowledge. Hence it was concluded to try the experi-ment of transferring the usual Saturday holiday to Monday. This action by the Board called out the following pe-tition, which was circulated and received numerous sig-natures in the vicinity:Š " To the Litchfield School Board of EducationŠ "WHEREAS, Your honorable body propose to change from the established custom of holding school on Mon-day, and holding it on Saturday instead, andŠ "WHEREAS, We would prefer the old plan, believing it to be the better for various reasons, andŠ "WHEREAS, It works injustice to some of our citizens who conscientiously observe Saturday as the Sabbath, thus depriving them of one day of school and also of the privilege of teaching in the public schools, andŠ "WHEREAS, We believe that a law that works an in-justice to even a few, depriving them of their rights and liberties, is wrong and should be abolished; we humbly petition your honorable bodV to discontinue the proposed plan and bold school as formerly." The result was that at their next meeting the school board reconsidered their previous action in the Matter, and the Monday holiday innovation was dropped. Divine and Human. BY E. J. WAGGONER. THE demand for Sunday laws illustrates just the dif-ference between the Sabbath and Sunday. Sunday was made a rest day by human authority, and human au-thority is resorted to in order to make men keep it. The Sabbath of the Lord is the Lord's day, made the day of Sabbath rest by divine authority. The Word maintains the Sabbath, and all the powers of earth cannot overthrow it. Of Sunday it is freely said that it is endangered if not protected by human law. Religious people testify in court that they are dis-turbed if they see some one working on Sunday, especially if he keeps the Sabbath; while one who keeps the Sab-bath may enjoy perfect Sabbath rest in the Lord with all the world at work. The difference is that between purely human religion and divine religion. One day is God's appointed rest, and the power of the gospel is sufficient to establish it in the hearts of all who desire it. The other day belongs to the papacy by best right, and has to be enforced by papal methods. One is the sign of God's power to save, the other of man's assumed power to save himself. The Sab-bath stands for justification by faith,-the Sunday for jus-tification by works. All Nations Idolatrous. BY A. SMITH. THE four great leading nations of the world that have come in touch with the interests of the people of God (Babylon, Medo-Persia, Grecia, and Rome), in their unity and in their divisions, are represented in the Bible by a great image. See Daniel 2. This image symbolizes the idolatrous element that runs down through them all to the end of time, or until Christ will have destroyed them at his second coming. It is usual to class those only as idolators who ren-der formal worship to images or objects in nature. according to the tenor of Bible testimony, any interest in social or private life that is of greater importance to any one than God's will in the matter, thereby becomes an , idol; and such interest expressed in deeds becomes idol-atry. Jesus said, "No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other. Ye cannot serve God and mammon." Matt. 6:24. 