34 A.mm_EtICA.N VOL. 8, No. 5. 1888, Prof. Charles A. Briggs, D.D., of Union Theological Seminary, said :Š In all matters of worship we are in essential concord with Roman Catholics, and we ought not to hesitate to make an alliance with them so far as possible to maintain the sanctity of the Sabbath [Sunday] as a day of worship. The response to these utterances was made by the Congress of Catholic Lay-men, held in Baltimore, Md., November 12, 1889, as follows :Š There are many Christian issues in which Cath-olics could come together with non-Catholics and shape legislation for the public weal. In spite of rebuff and injustice, and overlooking zealotry, we should seek an alliance with non-Catholics for proper &Imlay observance. This was adopted, declares Rev. W. F. Crafts, in his " Addresses on the Civil Sabbath" (page 7), " after correspondence and conference with the American Sab-bath Union." Do we not well say that freedom of con-science has nothing to hope for in this country from the differences between Roman Catholics and so-called Protest-ants ? And may there not be a deeper sig-nificance in the attitude of this Govern-ment toward Rome than appears on the surface ? C. P. B. Facts vs. Ridicule. A GOOD deal of ridicule has by the re-ligious press been heaped upon the con-stitutional argument made at the recent hearing in Washington in favor of the re-peal of the Sunday-closing proviso in the World's Fair bill; but why not answer the argument rather than ridicule it, if it can be answered ? It has been said that the Supreme Court decision of last February is a sufficient answer. But is it ? Of course that de-cision gives color to the claim that the Supreme Court would sustain Sunday leg-islation; but it by no means proves that such legislation is constitutional in the sense of being in harmony with the pur-pose and intent of the Federal Constitu-tion. To understand the real purpose and in-tent of the Constitution, we must, as Chief Justice Waite remarked in 1878, go, not to recent decisions, but to the his-tory of the times in which the Constitu-tion was adopted, and give to the lan-guage of the Constitution the meaning that it had at that time. By this rule we shall find that the First Amendment was designed not only to make impossible the setting up of a State Church, but to for-bid religious legislation, i. e., legislation upon religious questions. The term " religion " is not defined in the Constitution, but the Virginia Declar-ation of Rights, adopted in 1776, furnishes us a definition as follows : " Religion, or the duty we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction," etc. This, then, is what the men who were in-strumental in securing the adoption of the First Amendment to the Constitution meant by "religion," and in the light of this definition that amendment would mean just what it was intended to mean, if it read, " Congress shall make no law regarding the duty which we owe to our Creator, or the manner of discharging it." That this is the meaning of the First Amendment is evident also from the fact that the exact language of the Virginia Bill of Rights was used in the form of the amendment, proposed by three of the six States which proposed an amendment  on this subject, namely, Virginia, North Carolina, and Rhode Island ; while New Hampshire used equally unmistakable language, namely, " Congress shall make no law touching religion, or to infringe the rights of conscience." It was evi-dently the purpose of the several States to utterly prohibit to Congress all legis-lation upon religious questions, and no number of decisions, even by the Supreme Court can make it otherwise. This is not so much a question of law as of fact. That the First Amendment to the Con-stitution was designed not only to keep Church and State separate in the sense of preventing an ecclesiastical establishment, but in the sense also of separating reli-gion and the StateŠmaking the Govern-ment absolutely secular, is evident not only from the facts cited, but also from other considerations. In fact this seems to have been the universal opinion until in recent years degenerate sons of noble fa-thers have sought to subvert the grand ch ar-ter which they gave to their posterity. In 1797 Washington and his cabinet and the United States Senate declared in the treaty with Tripoli, "The Government of the United States is not in any sense founded upon the Christian religion." It is, per-haps, not saying too much to assert that President Washington and his advisers were in a position, at least as to point of time, to understand the intent of the Constitution better than the Supreme Court of to-day. They knew what it meant for they helped to make it and were familiar with the reasons for its adoption and for the adoption of the First Amendment. C. P. B. - - "The End is Not Yet." NOTWITHSTANDING the persistence with which the advocates of Sunday closing of the World's Fair by congressional legisla-tion have kept this matter, and their views upon it, before both Congress and the people,Šand in spite of the fact that the legislation which they asked they have secured,Šit would seem that the real contest over the matter is, after all, yet to come. The interest which the public press is taking in the question is greater than at any previous time. Every organization is expected to array itself either on one side or the other, and the mass of reso-lutions and individual petitions presented to Congress on the subject is increasing daily. At the Woman's Suffrage convention, which lately convened at Washington, D. C., these resolutions were offered:Š WHEREAS, the Constitution of the United States promises non-interference with the religious liberty of the people, and WHEREAS, Congress is now threatening to abridge the liberty of all in response to ecclesiastical dic-tation from a portion of the people, Resolved, That this association enters a protest against any national attempt to control the inno-cent inclinations of the people, either on the Jewish Sabbath or the Christian Sunday, and this we do quite irrespective of our individual opinions as to the sanctity of Sunday. Resolved, That we especially protest against this present attempt to force all the people to follow the religious dictates of a part of the people as estab-lishing a precedent for the entrance of a most dangerous complicity between Church and State thereby subtly undermining the foundation of lib-erty so carefully laid by the wisdom of our fathers, These resolutions received both hearty support and vigorous opposition. It seemed likely that they would be adopted by a small majority, but they were finally tabled indefinitely, on the plea that it was  an individual question and outside the province of the convention as representing the Woman Suffrage Association. It will be seen that these resolutions, while referring to the present threatened abridgment of popular liberty, do not in so many words designate the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, unless the movement for legislation to close the Fair on Sunday is at ecclesiastical dictation, and does interfere with the constitutional provision protecting religious liberty, and is an attack upon the liberties of the people, and does force all the people to follow the religious dictates of a portion, thereby establishing a complicity between Church and State; unless all this is true the resolutions do not apply to the con-gressional Sunday closing of the World's Fair. No more striking confirmation of the fact that this Sunday-closing proviso of Congress does do all this need be asked for than the fact that no one in the con-vention even thought for an instant of any other application of the resolutions than to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. The petition clerks of the congressional document rooms are swamped among the thousands of petitions from all parts of the country on the opening or closing of the World's Fair. The Congressional Record, of the dates January 20, 21, 22, 24, and 25, contain thirty-five columns of petitions on this subject. The Record, of January 22, 24, and 25, has twenty-seven solid columns of petitions either for Sunday opening or an unconditional repeal of existing legislation on the subject. More than a month ago a gentleman, resident in New York City, addressed a letter to the President, personally, pro-testing "against the delivery of any of the souvenir half dollars to the represent-atives of the Columbian Exposition until the provisions of the law making the gift are complied with, namely, that the Expo-sition shall be closed on Sunday," and contending that " in the eyes of the law the Exposition was formally opened in October, and, therefore, that the law re-quiring its closing on Sunday is now in full force, and is being violated by Sunday opening." This letter was referred to the Solicitor of the Treasury, and upon it he rendered his opinion "that the Exposition has not been formally opened and the statute has not been violated by the de-livery of said souvenir coins. The statute presupposes that the souvenir coins will be used for the purposes intended before the Exposition is formally opened." The next step was the presentation and adoption in the Senate of a resolution requesting the Secretary of the Treasury to transmit to the Senate a copy of this legal opinion in consonance with which the delivery of the souvenir coins was going on, and also a copy of the regula-tions for the delivery of the coins which he had made in accordance with that opinion. Upon this, there soon followed the intro-duction in the Senate, by Mr. Pettigrew, of South Dakota, Chairman of the Senate Committee on the World's Fair, of a bill instructing the Secretary of the Treasury not to deliver any of the souvenir coins until the World's Columbian Exposition presents a good and sufficient bond that if the World's Fair is opened on Sunday the corporation shall repay to the United States the sum of money it shall have received from the sale of souvenir coins, not less than $2,500,000. Notice was also 