"DICE AMERIC'AN SEN`riNM,. 19 tell the truth, and must always deal hon-estly with their fellow-men, and the ques-tion immediately arises in their minds, Why must we do this ? To answer this question as it should be answered, is to ap-peal to the law of God, and consequently teach religion. - But this is not contem-plated in Mr. Hoffman's scheme; neither would it be proper for the State to do this. It has been repeatedly shown in these columns, and it is admitted by very many, that the State cannot teach religion. It has never been commissioned to teach re-ligion, and it is impossible for it to do so. But on the other hand, to teach children that they must be truthful, and that they must be honest, involves the giving of some reason for these precepts; but as the true reason cannot be given, there re-mains but one thing to do, that is to quote the familiar maxim that " honesty is the best policy." But this is to abandon prin-ciple and to appeal to selfishness. Every-body would probably admit that as a gen-eral rule 'honesty is the best policy;" but unless the individual is taught that there is some principle involved, that he is account-able to some superior being, to some au-thority out of and above himself, higher than his fellow-men, he will be constantly finding what he will deem exceptions to this general rule, and will depart from it whenever in his judgement one of these exceptions will apply, and consequently, for the time being, dishonesty become the best policy. To undertake to teach morals, while eliminating from them all divine authority, is to teach that policy is the criterion, the standard of rightfulness; not only that it is a standard, but that it is emphatically the standard; and it matters not by how many examples of good men these pre-cepts may be supported, every man is likely to feel that he is as good as his fel-lows, as well able to judge of rightfulness, as well able to shape a standard of right-doing; and this standard is sure to be warped and biased by his own selfish in-terests. Every man can find a thousand excuses for departing from the straight path of rectitude, of right dealing, in order to ad-vance his own interests. And this is just what men do when they forget God and turn away from him. We have abundant evidence of this in the testimony of the Apostle Paul in his letter to the Romans. There he tells how men forget God, and exalt themselves in his stead. And that must always be the effect of teaching the utilitarianism suggested by our correspond- ent. All these things of which Mr. Hoffman speaks should be taught; but they should be taught in the home, in the church, and in the denominational school, and not in the public school. For when they are taught they should be supported by the moral law; and an appeal to that law can-not properly be made in the public school. Again, Mr. Hoffman says, that the  children should be taught to abhor mean-ness, and moral and physical pollution. It is easy enough to teach children to ab-hor physical pollution for sanitary reasons, but without religion how can they know what moral pollution is ? How shall they understand moral obligation unless it be de-fined by religion,? Our Saviour taught something of the nature of moral pollution in the Sermon on the Mount, but that is entirely outside of, and beyond, anything which the State can properly teach. It involves an examination of the motives of the heart, and that is beyond the jurisdic-tion of the State. The Saviour showed that hatred is a violation of the sixth command-ment, and that lust is a violation of the seventh; but how shall the teacher in the public school illustrate and emphasize the precept which enjoins the abhorrence of moral pollution ? to what shall he appeal to impress upon the mind of the child the fact that he must not entertain evil thoughts ? There is absolutely nothing to which he can appeal, without teaching re-ligion. And as before remarked, to attempt anything of the kind must result in one of two things : either the teacher in the public school will teach religion and will appeal to the Scripture to sustain this teaching, or he will establish a human standard, which in the mind of the child, will be the highest authority, and will consequently not only fail in elevating the child and purifying his soul and heart, but will place him in a position that it will be impossible for the teachings of the gospel to reach and elevate him at any subsequent time, because he will be un-able to comprehend that there is anything higher or more desirable than his own conceptions of right. We wish that in some way every child could be taught the true principles of right and wrong, that every child could be taught his accountability to God, not only for his actions, but for his words and thoughts. But it is clear that the State cannot undertake to give this instruction; because it cannot give it without teaching religion, and it cannot teach religion with-out having a religion, and it can have re- ligion only in the sense of having a creed which it fosters. It matters not how lim-ited that creed might be; it might contain a dozen articles of faith, or it might con-tain only one ; it would be none the less a creed; and in time a church would cer- tainly crystallize around that creed. Such was the origin of the Papal church. State churches have universally grown out of a desire upon the part of religionists to exalt what they deemed to be the truth. Constantine in the fourth century did not make any denomination the State church; he simply made Christianity the State religion and everything else followed as a logical consequence. The only consistent and safe position for either Christians or non-Christians to as-sume is that the State shall confine its in- struction to the exact sciences, leaving the Church, through its ministers, and through parents, and through church schools, to give religious instruction. The greatest service that the State can render the Church is to let it entirely alone. Never have churches grown and pros pered as they have in this country, and never have they been so entirely separated from the State as here. True, this separa-tion has not been as complete as it should have been, but it has been sufficient to convince the world of the beneficial effects of the divorce of Church and State. It has demonstrated the fact, that a church left to itself, to rely entirely upon its own resources, to provide its own funds, to support its own ministry, has a much greater influence for good, and accom-plishes more for the elevation of the race, than it is possibls for it to do when con-nected with civil government. We trust that every reader of THE SEN-TINEL, will use his influence, not only to have the separation of Church and State continue in this country, but to make it as complete and perfect as it ought to be everywhere. But to do this we must avoid the adoption of any scheme for the teach-ing of morals in the public schools. The most we can do is to insist upon correct deportment, and trust to the agencies, so abundant on every hand for giving the necessary moral training to the rising gen- eration. C. P. B. The American Political System Purely Secular. DR. PHILIP SCHAFF, in " Church and State in the United States," under the head, " The Connecting Links Between Church and State," says : " A total separation of Church and State is an impossibility, un-less we cease to be a Christian people." But this is a mere dictum of a theologian whose ideas may have been largely modi-fied by the study of American principles, but who cannot fully give up the old idea. Dr Schaff evidently belongs to the class to whom Madison referred in his letter to Ed-ward Livingston, when he said : " Not-withstanding the general progress made during the last two centuries in favor of this branch [the religious branch] of lib-erty, and the full establishment of it in some parts of our country, there remains in others a strong bias toward the old error, that without some sort of alliance or coali-tion between Government and religion, neither can be duly supported. Such, in-deed is the tendency to such' a coalition, and such its corrupting influence on both the parties that the danger cannot be too carefully guarded against." What Dr. Schaff terms a necessity, Madison, the principal framer of the Constitution which is the embodiment of our political system, says is a danger which " cannot be too carefully guarded against." This shows how diametrically opposite to American 