36 AMERICAN SENTINEL. chaplains do accomplish outside of meeting the senti-ment that calls for their presence with every body o troops." Were it not for this "church sentiment" the office of army chaplain would be relegated to oblivion where it belongs. It is to be hoped that the efforts of Chaplain Small to have the "whole system revised" may prove successful, even though a "howl" should be heard in the church department. Religion in the House of Commons. "Morning Herald." VISITORS to the House of Commons are not a little puzzled by the fact that before a great debate the first two benches are empty at prayer time, though the rest of the house is invariably well filled. A writer in the Nineteenth Century explains that this peculiar circum-stance does not argue that the party leaders stand less in need of devotions than their followers; it is due to an unwritten law of the House, which cannot accommodate more than half the members. Here is the explanation in full:Š "On the table, in a little box, is a supply of small, white cards with the words, 'It Prayers,' in large old English letters. Obtaining one of these cards, and writ-ing his name on it under the words 'At Prayers,' the member slips it into a receptacle in the bench at the back of the seat, and thus secures the place for the night against all comers. He may immediately leave the House, and remain away as long as he pleases; the place may be occupied by another member in the meantime; but whenever the master of the seatŠthe gentleman whoseautograph is written on the card in the little brass slitŠreturns to the chamber, the temporary occupant of the seat must give place to him. Thus does piety in the House of Commons meet immediately with the substan-tial reward of a seat in which to listen in comfort to a long debate. The consequence is that at times of great excitement in the House there is a most edifying display of devotion on the part of members; but in the dull seasons the attendance at prayers is deplorably lax. And as the occupants of the front benches have their seats secured to them by customŠa custom which now possesses all the force of a lawŠthey never lend the eclat of their presence to the daily devotions of the House." This curious custom is a pretty good illustration of the way in which religion is regarded by 'the average pot_ itician; it isn't a bad thing when it helps him to a seat in the halls of legislation. ENGLISH clergymen have decided on an international demonstration in behalf of the czar's proposal for peace. The clergy could do more to promote peace by ceasing to quarrel among themselves, than by any other means that could be devised. The discord and strife which exists in the religious world, are only the counterpart of that which appears in politics. Both are prompted by the same spirit, and are equally contrary to the gospel. A Mad Marriage. BY FRANCES E. BOLTON. "No," said the Church to her suitor, the State, "A union with you would but ruin my fate. Your proposals are vain, for my pledge and my love Have both been bestowed on my Suitor above." Sir State half-disheartened turned back to his throne. "Now have you no fear," said a demon's soft tone; "For I will in person beseech her to hear, And bring the persuasions that please the fair ear; Wait on, sir, in hope, she shall yet be thine own And thou'lt have a mistress to brighten thy throne." The evil one surely exerted his power; And slowly he tempted her hour by hour, Presenting the kingdoms of earth, till at last The hand of the Church and the State were made fast But bitterly, bitterly, did she repine, Till she came once again to her lover divine. Sir State, ill-requited, would never return; For he dreaded the fire he once had felt burn, And knew that the Church was no mate for his heart, That the world was blest most when they kept most apart, The demon's proposals the State would not hear. Nor seek ere again to the fair lady's ear. But the demon determined to wound her dear King, And place on her finger the State's wedding ring; So he wooed her away from her dear Lord again, And showed her earth's throne, where as queen she might reign. Through the power of the law she might make sure her claim, And force men to bow to her in the State's name. Then bold grew the Church; for SHE now came to woo, And said to the State, "I would wed, sir, with you." She pleaded, and tempted, and teased him, until, She tarnished his reason, and weakened his will; And 10, once again in an uncanny hour The State gave the Church the control of his power. Woe to the world; for how sad was the day When a false-hearted Church through the State had her way! False to high heaven, with a dream of high fate She lived to unman, and undo the grand State. Tool for her jealousy, fool for her whim, A most evil mistress she made unto him; Jezebel never was given to more evil, Nor lent swifter ear to the schemes of the devil, And men and high angels bewailed for the hour That gave to the hands of the Church the State's power. But oh, shall the Lord she had left be alone With no one to love, or to share his high throne? No; for he chooseth a church that is white, Robed in fair purity, crowned with love's light, Loving him loyally, true to her vow, He placeth his seal of high power on her brow. Bitterly scorned by the false Church to-day, She waiteth the hour that shall bear her away. Doomed now to death by the Church and the State She looketh to heaven to alter her fate; And He who beholdeth, now moveth all heaven, To save her the fate that their hatred hath given. Thousands of chariots speed from the throne. The King of all kings comes to rescue his own. Angels of splendor shall bear her above, To crown her with glory, and robe her in love, Fair as a queen she shall sit by his side, The high elect lady, the heavenly bride. But the false Church shall fall by the sword of her fate, And sink in oblivion's depth with the State, But he who seeks love in the high worlds above, Shall go in to feast at the marriage of love. 