482 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. 'Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postofftee.) What Eminent Men Have Said. EVERY man is accountable to God alone for his re-ligious faith.ŠGeorge Washington. RELIGION is not within the purview of human gov-ernment. Religion is essentially distinct from govern-ment, and exempt from its cognizance. A connection between them is injurious to both.ŠJames Madison. KEEP the church and state forever separate.ŠU. S. Grant. THE impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who being themselves but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed domination over the faith of others, setting their own opinions and modes of thinking as only true and infallible, and as such endeavoring to impose them upon others; hath es-tablished and maintained false religions over the great-est part of the world, and through all time.ŠThomas Jefferson. IT was with a kiss that Judas betrayed his divine Master; and we should all be admonished, no matter what our faith may be, that the rights of conscience cannot be so successfully assailed as under the pretext of holiness. The Christian religion made its way into the world in opposition to all human governments. Banishment, tortures, and death were inflicted in vain to stop its progress. But many of its professors, as soon as clothed with political power, lost the meek spirit which their creed inculcated and began to inflict on other religions, and on disenting sects of their own religion, persecutions more aggravated than those which their own opostles had endured.ŠHon. Richard M. Johnson, Kentucky. "IT is proper to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties. We hold this prudent jealousy to be the first duty of citizens, and one of the noblest char-acteristics of the late Revolution. The freemen of Amer-ca did not wait till usurped power had strengthened itself by exercise, and entangled the question in prece- dents. They saw all the consequences in the principle, and they avoided the consequences by denying the prin-ciple. We revere this lesson too much soon to forget it. Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity in exclusion of all other religions may establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians, in exclusion of all other sects?" "The proposed establishment is a departure from that generous policy which, offering an asylum to the persecuted and oppressed of every nation and religion, promised a luster to our country, and an accession to the number of its citizens. What a melancholy mark is this bill, of sudden degeneracy! Instead of holdingforth an asylum to the persecuted, it is itself a signal of perse-cution. It degrades from the equal rank of citizens all those whose opinions in religion do not bend to those of the legislative authority. Distant as it may be in its present form from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last in the career of intolerance."ŠJames Madison. "IN this enlightened age, and in a land where all of every denomination are united in the most strenuous efforts to be free, we hope and expect that our represen-tatives will cheerfully concur in removing every species of religious as well as-  civil bondage. Certain it is that every argument for civil liberty gains additional strength when applied to liberty in the concerns of relig-ion; and there is no argument in favor of establishing the Christian religion but may be pleaded with equal propriety for the tenets of Mohammed by those who believe the Alcoran; or, if this be not true, it is at least impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that pro-fess the Cfiristian' faith WITHOUT ERECTING A CLAIM TO INFALLIBILITY, WHICH WOULD LEAD US BACK' TO THE CHURCH OF ROME. . . . "Neither can it be made to appear that the gospel needs any such civil aid. We rather conceive that when our blessed Saviour declares his kingdom is not of this world, he renounces all dependence -upon State power, and as his weapons are spiritual, and were only designed to have influence on the judgment and heart of man, we are persuaded that if mankind were left in quiet posses-sion of their inalienable religious privileges, Christian-ity, as in the days of the apostles, would continue to prevail andiflourish in the greatest purity by its own native excellence, and under the all-disposing providence of God. "We would also humbly represent that the only proper objects of civil government are the happiness and protection of men in the present state of existence, the security of the life, liberty, and property of the citizens, _ and to restrain the vicious and encourage the virtuous by wholesome laws, equally extending to every individ-ual; but that the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can only be directed by 