426 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the masses. History bears no record of such persons as individuals. And not only do they fail of true success in this life, but they lack the faith to lay hold upon the,  greater life to gain which all sacrifice in this life is but cheaply made. DANIEL WEBSTER gave utterance to these forcible words: "If clergymen in our day would return to the simplicity of gospel truth and preach more to individuals and less to the crowd, there would not be so much com-plaint of the decline of true religion. Many of the minis-ters of the present day take their text from St. Paul and preach from the newspapers. When they do so, I prefer to enjoy my own thoughts rather than listen. I want my pastor to come to me in the spirit of the gospel, say-ing : 'You are mortal. Your probation is brief. Your work must be done speedily. . . . You are hastening to the bar of God. The Judge standeth before the door.' SENTIMENT against the new policy of imperialism upon which the nation is entering was voiced in a recent mass-meeting in Fanueil Hall, Boston, at which a large number were present. Mr. Moorfield Story was the prin-cipal speaker, and presented the following among other reasons against the annexation of Hawaii and the Phil-ippines:Š "We are here to insist that a war begun in the cause of humanity shall not be turned into a war for empire, that an attempt to win for Cubans the right to govern themselves shall not be made an excuse for extending our sway over alien people without their consent. It is said that the people are unfit for self-government. Not such the spirit of our fathers. There was no exception in their generous statement that all men are equal before the law and have equal political rights. "Nothing can wipe from our flag the disgrace if it floats over any but a free people. It should be enough that if we adopt this policy of conquest we are false to our principles and false to our express promises. "But this case does not end here. We not only dis-regard that wise policy of non-intervention in European troubles which Washington preached and which until now we have followed. We become a military power, burdened with a standing army and an enormous navy, threatened with complications thousands of miles away, and exposed to constant apprehension. We take up the burden which is crushing Europe. Our domestic difficult-ies will be neglected, for our attention must be divided. "When we undertake to govern subject peoples separ-ated from us by half the world, let us remember how we despoiled the Indians at our doors, and how impossible it has been to keep that service pure. Let us not forget the carpetbag governments of our Southern brothers, whose complaints fell on deaf ears, though they spoke our language and we heard them everyday. What, think you, shall we hear of wrong in Manila or the Ladrones, and how can we reform abuses there? Such a system means great increase of wealth and fresh fields for cor-ruption. It means a growth of a class little accustomed  to respect the rights of their inferiors. It means the spoils system enormously extended." There are some people who see the injustice and the danger to the nation involved in the new policy, but they are in a hopeless minority. The sentiment of the major-ity will prevail, and the ship of state will set sail upon the untried seas where so many nations before her hay° followed after glory and met shipwreck. THE Constitution of the United States provides that no slavery nor involuntary servitude, save as a punish-ment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the territory or under the jurisdiction of the United States. This is in harmony with and demanded by the idea of "government of the people, by the people and for the people." It means that no people shall be governed by the United States without their consent. But it is now proposed to annex the Hawaiian and Phillippine Islands and to extend over the inhabitants of the same the jurisdiction of the Government, independ-ently of their consent. The case of Hawaii is especially prominent at this time. The question of annexation has long been before the peoples of both countries, and the Hawaiians have never signified that they desired it. Their attitude, on the contrary, has been distinctly against it. By annexation, therefore, they will be brought involuntarily into subjection to the American Govern-ment. But the experiment of involuntary subjection has al-ready been tried by this Government, and the result was such as should never be forgotten by the American people. For many years after the establishment of the Constitu-tion involuntary servitude was maintained in many of the States, and was sanctioned by the Federal authority. And the final result was the terrible civil war. With that warning lesson before their eyes, the Amer-ican people may well hesitate to approve that which will again violate the spirit if not the letter of the Constitu-tion, and set up the ensign of liberty and 'union over a people held in subjugation. This nation was established to proclaim to the world liberty in government; and when it ceases to do this, by annexing to itself a conquered territory and people, it becomes useless for the purpose for which it was divinely ordained and may no longer count upon a favoring Providence. "YE cannot hear my word," said Jesus to the angry Pharisees. The voice of prejudice and the clamor of self made it impossible for them to hear the simple truths which the common people heard gladly. He was speak-ing of life and righteousness, and simple souls who wanted help and strength for right living hung upon his words. The proud and worldly leaders of the church, to 