 292 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      "Wait, let me read. Their names are on their crutches. 'The Fear of Man,' The Dread of Pain,' The Love of Power,' The Greed.of Gain,' Majority,"Diplo-macy,"SycoPhancy,' and 'Sell the Truth.'" "They have strange crutches. How came they lame?" "We made them go on crutches till they could not walk without. It is their crutches that have made them lame. Once they walked forth as men. Now we'll go out and view the town and tombs. Here is our river, Death Doom. It goes down by the valley of Despair, and empties to the sea of Death. Come, watch. See yonder pleasure boats." "Then there is pleasure in the town of bondage?" "Yes, such as demons know." "But, see, men fall from yonder narrow bridge. A score or more are struggling in the tide. 0 will the boats not help them?" "Watch close, and see." I watched. I saw the drowning souls come up, gasp-ing for breath, and clutch the boat's side, and then I saw the pleasure lovers there undo their feeble fingers, and push them off. I saw them sink again to rise no more. I heard the mocking laughter from the boats. "What means it? 0 what means it?" I cried in agony. "It means that yonder bridge is named by us 'Stern Duty's Path,' o'er which all souls must go. The bridge is thick with spikes; and but one swaying plank. One misstep and they fall. Our demon hands who must make pleasure so, see that the miss is made, and down they go. For one misstep planned by our demon minds, men go to doom, and if they seek men's help, their fin-gers are undone, and as men laugh, their brothers sink to death." "0 cruel, cruel, cruel !" "Why say you so? Have you not seen it done? May-hap yourself have done it." "Not knowingly as you." "Come, let's go on. Here is our cemetery. We place men here who trouble us too much, and when we please, we bury them alive." "Look, sir. Some of these men are never dead at all. They turn their eyes. They seem to plead with you. Yet they are bound with grave clothes." , "Yes. This man we buried some three years ago. He struggled from his grave, but not from bondage. We trouble not to bury him again. He does no harm, and gives us chance to laugh." "But he is bound in grave clothes, hand and foot." "True, but what matters? No one has ordered here to loose and let him go." "But he will die if he be not let loose." "True, but what matters? This is Bondage town.  Death makes some pretty writhings, we shall see. "Come, you shall see our school, a pretty place." We entered in and on the door we read, "Abandon hope all ye who enter here," yet we passed in. The ob-ject of the school was marked in bloodŠTo Make Souls Slaves? and then beneath was traced what must be done to shape fit subjects to a tyrant's will. "Will power sub-dued and blotted out," "aspiration killed," "love de-stroyed," "faith obliterated," "hope slain," "individual-ity crushed." Beneath was written the qualities essential for a slave. "For will, subjection," "for aspiration, degradation," "for love, passion and cruelty," "for faith, dark doubt," "for hope, despair," "for individuality, the demon's stamp." Then as I read there came a sound of chains, and pupils marching. The teachers were the priests and officers of law. The priests held up a Book but it was chained, and they interpreted the Word of God, and bade men live by creed, and by tradition, and by the word of man. The officers rehearsed the stern priest's word, and drew the sword of state to make it sure. Then one by one the pupils were led out, and placed within the iron dummy of a man. A spring was touched, and at the touch the arms flew back, the robe spread wide. The form was spiked with nails as in the iron vir-gin, and though the pupil shrieked, the priests and offi-cers had power to force him in. We heard the sound of crushing flesh and bone, of breaking heart, of ruined brain and soul, and when the victim stood forth once again, he reeked with gore. So passed the Łpupils in. Some short, some tall, some stout, some bright of face, but 'all came forth in one dark mold of hell. Some cried, "they never would take on the mold, and chose to die instead." They thrust them in; but though they came forth dead, they wore a heavenly look, and smiled for peace. Sickened I turned, and said, "Let's get us hence." And when I looked above the heaven was dark, and sword-like lightning flashed, and thunder rolled, and e'en my guide turned pale. He led me next into the synagogue, and shewed me priests who wore a chain of creeds, enforced tradition, and a man's degree. Then came the dinging of an awful bell, and crowds poured in; but all were bound. Clank, clank, the chains went as they walked with bleeding, weary feet. I saw the women with the hungry arms, I saw the maidens with their blood red hands, the multi-tudes with broken hearts, and sad despairing eyes. I saw the pupils with their stamp of hell. The priests preached on of sacrifice for heaven, and showed a god whose face was stern and hard, who called on all to tread a rigorous path, and asked the giving up of all men's will to meek submission to the will of one, his own vice-gerent of the face of earth. The people then were driven as were sheep into their small confessionals, and there told out their hearts, and took their penances, to so win heaven. Some went Łwith looks divine to meet their death; for lo, beneath the church were torture rooms, and those who would not give their wills to man, were there examined, yet I heard a shout of one delivered as I 