AMERICAN SENTINEL. 765 home, taking care of their father's sheep, the father sent this boy to see how they were getting along. The poor boy became bewildered on the road, and got in the wrong path. and spent quite a while wandering round and round in a field. Finally, a man found the lad and directed him on his journey. At last he found his brothers, but in-stead of going to meet him, and being glad to see him, they began to wonder how they could get him out of their way. I should have thought they would have been glad to see their brother; for they hadn't seen him in some time." "So should I," said Charlie, "when Jack was gone only a week, last summer, I was so lonesome that I was glad enough to get him back again." "Well, they were not; and they made up their minds to put him in a deep hole in the ground, and leave him there." "Why, Uncle Will! till he died?" "Yes, of course; you see he didn't act to suit them, and there were ten times as many of them as there were of him, so of course they decided that they had a perfect right to make him come to their terms." "The mean fellows !" said Charlie. "They ought to be hung !" exclaimed Jack excitedly. "But, my boys, don't be too sure. Don't you see? they were older and larger than he was, and there were so many more of them, of course" Charlie glanced uneasily at Jack, and said nothing. "Come, Uncle Will, go on," said Jennie. "Well, they didn't put him in the hole, but they sold him to some merchants who came along, and then they thought sure they would have no more trouble. But really, their trouble was just beginning. When Satan leads any one to do a wrong act, he doesn't care how much trouble they have on account of it. These brothers told a wicked lie to their poor old father when he asked them where the boy was." "0, I guess I know who that boy was," said Jack; "it was Joseph." "Well, can you think now why I have told you this true story?'' "0, I 'spose you heard us boys try to make Jennie play what we wanted her to," said Charlie. Ł "But we didn't put her in a hole, nor we didn't sell her to wicked men, nor tell a lie to papa," said Jack, looking very self-righteous and virtuous. "No," said Uncle Will, seriously; "but, my children, the very same spirit which prompts you to use force in any way to bring those who are weaker than yourselves under your power, is the same as that which caused these wicked brothers to do so bad a deed. Never forget, my dear children, that this is the spirit of murder, although it does not always lead directly to it." "Was that what made Cain kill Abel, Uncle Will?" "Yes; It was the same wicked spirit. He was older than Abel, and I presume he reasoned that he ought to know best; and so when he talked with his brother 'in the  field,' and couldn't make him believe as he did, nor see things as he did, he became so angry that he killed him. "Here is a little prayer that I want you to learn and repeat every day:- 0 Saviour, make me more like thee. Peaceful and good and mild, And may I daily grow to be A harmless, gentle child. Lord, may my deeds be kind and true, And though I may be strong, Ł 0 may I never seek to do My weaker brother wrong." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. Sentinel Clubbing List. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing 0o., not to the editor or any other ir.dividual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin in sent, register the letter. ER1CAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious 'liberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, Three " .50 .25 ADDRESS, ATIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York, SENTINEL and Chicago Inter Ocean  $1.50 SENTINEL and New York Tribune  1.75 SENTINEL and Cosmopolitan  1.85 SENTINEL and Iowa Homestead  1.75 SENTINEL and Rural New Yorker  1.75 SENTINEL and Signs of the Times (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Youth's Instructor (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Good Health (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Missionary Magazine  1.25 SENTINEL and Dumb Animals  1.25 