566 AMERICAN SENTINEL. mined not to tread under foot their liberties, as the black horse tramples upon the valueless things beneath his feet. "There were in those timesŠamong the intelligent -and enlightened patriotsŠa live sentiment of the danger which confronted the republic, since -our fellow country-men were running the risk of being carried away by se-ductive orations and eloquent phrases. Thus France escaped an ignominious dictatorship, and hoped to tri-umph definitely over the imprudent presumption and vanity of her pretended saviours. "The actual crisis presents us the occasion when we may be permitted to ask, Is the cure complete? We be-hold the reappearance of the alliance between militarism -and clericalism, or as it is put by our people in an ap-propriate language, the union of the sword and the hyssop. Jesuitism has been able to put its hands onthe highest positions of the navy, and with much reason the sensible public fear that the-superior officers, naval and military, have been contaminated by the astute in-fluence of the Jesuit fathers, and consequently have now but a very relative adhesion to our republican institu-tions. "The strange capitulations of conscience that have revealed recent events, are the index of the same moral perversion which caused Blas Paschal to reproach the -Jesuits more than two hundred years ago; to day, as then, the motto of the 'fathers of the company of Jesus and their disciples,' is, 'the end justifies the means.' It is not only upon the military commanders that they exercise their pernicious influence; but also by their in-numerable 'crosses,' which they distribute by hundreds of thousands, even in the most isolated villages where they sowŠwith full handsŠcalumny and abhorrence. "TheŁ antisemitism in France is but the shameful manifestation of the intervention of Jesuitism in our internal affairs. A great journal which cannot be sus-pected of moderationŠLes TempsŠwrites in an accent of indignation, what we should like to see published more often in its columns. It says 'It is permitted to ask ourselves the question, if the spirit of antisemitism is not a more fearful and horrible epidemic than even the cholera, and should not all lovers of truth and lib-erty subordinate such a monstrous germ and restore lib-erty, that esteemed prize of modern humanity.' "It is the hatred to the JewŠfomented and kept alive by the Libre Parole and by clerical pamphletsŠwhich is responsible for the alarming proportions taken in the Dreyfus case. It appears unfortunately evident that it is the fact that Dreyfus is a Jew, that explains the de-plorable celerity with which he was judged and con-demned; and the cruelty with which a part of the public opinion was opposed, and is opposed even yet, to the re-vision of a process manifestly marred by illegality and fraud, from beginning to end. "If there yet remained in Catholicism the least rem-nant of pure evangelical moral, the least atom of right-eousness or pity for the weak and oppressed, we would have heard from her pulpits the grandiloquent clamor in favor of justice, even though it may benefit a Jew. "But no, not even once have the Catholic clergy raised their voice in such a righteous cause. The official organs of the Romish Church have entered the lists with the L'Intransigente and the Libre Parole, uniting their furious clamors to detain the work of justice, and impel  the unprincipled multitudes to commit debasing excesses. This is the abominable scandal, which will drive away from Catholicism the souls who have conserved the least sense of integrity or eternal justice. "IfŠby misfortuneŠthat work of strangling right and equity should triumph, the conscience of the nation will have received a shock from which it would be unable to recover; and France would rapidly decrease until it would soon find itself in the degraded position in which we find poor Spain to day. "Shall we recommence to study the history of 1851 or of 1870? Shall we again place ourselves beneath the yoke of a richly dressed master, inspired by Father Dulac? Shall weŠto glee from our internal difficultiesŠlook for a diversion as we did in 1870 in an exterior war? The criminals who are leading France on in this path, have already advised us, that once they begin ac-tion, they would make mince meat of the Jews, and who knows? . . . perhaps also of the Huguenots. We are shy to admit such views. We hope that public opin-ion, directed in the path of truth, by the discovery of the fraud committed by Colonel Henry, may regain its self-possession, and refuse with disgust the counsels of the eternal enemies of all justice and liberty. "This is a solemn hour. And it is the time for all true Christians to pray as of yore the prayer which is engraved on our national coins, 'God protect France."' This, from a French journal, reveals to us the awful consequences of the Jesuitic intervention in French po-litical life, and show how the French republic is being slowly carried towards the dreadful rocks upon which she must finally be shipwrecked. Jesuitism is but aggressive Romanism. Other Cath-olic orders have the same object in view, but they are much more careful in revealing their purpose. The pa-pacy is a political system in all its bearings. It has a diplomatic experience of 1600 years. Rome has played many a game, and is perfectly familiar with each card in the political pack. Sometimes she receives an appar-ent check, but this only stimulates her to make still greater efforts to gain her ends. The echo of the centuries are warning us, telling us to "beware of the papacy;" vile oppressions, ferocious crusades, intolerant edicts, martyrs' blood, all appeal to us to "beware of popery." Shall we then, fellow-citi-zens, barter away, knowingly, our rights and privileges, by not entering a protest against every approximation to a union of church and state in any form, when such a union is so full of evil? History repeats itself. Let us therefore learn by the past to avoid the shoals and rocks upon which other mighty nations in the past have foundered, lost for ever. Argentine Republic. SUNDAY laws cannot bring about a Christian Sab-bath. I think it will have to come through a great rev-olution among the preachers and the congregations.ŠChristian Intelligencer. 