go IMIL,RI A.NT S.haNT Void. 11, No. 4. of fact; the enforcement of the only command regarding the observance of the Sabbath day bearing any semblance of divine authority would compel the punishment of nine out of every ten inhabitants in any given commun-ity in this republic. And it is hardly less true that a strict administration of the laws of the province of Ontario, or of a dozen or more States in this Union; would touch the pocket books or curtail the liberty of the great majority of church members and attend-ants upon church services, to say nothing of the much greater army of non-attendants. It is' no more a work of charity or necessity to indulge' in riding or walking for pleasure, in preparing a hot dinner, visiting friends, or the thousand and one occupations carried on by nearly every man and woman in every corrimunity, than to slack lime for preparing the foundations of a church edifice. The "arrest and punishment of these three clergymen of Darrel, Ontario, was not insti-gated or prosecuted by the slightest spirit of true religion. It finds no warrant in any word spoken by the founder of the Christian faith. It was born and nurtured in that spirit of intolerance which has lighted the fires of perseeution in the past, has blotted the recordsof the Christian church with the blood and tears of good men, pure and noble women, and 'innocent children. It is perse-cution pure and simple, cowardly, unmanly, unchristian. -4- Ł  WHY SUNDAY " LAWS " ARE UNCONSTITU- TIONAL [By' Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] IT must be remembered," says the Supreme Court of New York, " that all prohibitions of ordinary business on Sunday, with us, come from the statute. At the common law judi-cial proceedings only were prohibited on Sun-day, which is said in the books to be dies non juridicus. Even this is not strictly on grounds of morality or of the Christian religion as rec-ognized, by the common law; nor was it the original practice of the Christian Church. It was introduced, like very many other doc-trines and practices, some of which are per-haps less commendable, into popular Chris-tianity, and thence into common law and usage, by, the influence of the clergy. It is well known to lawyers, at least," continues the court, "that until the year 500 the Chris-tian courts were open. and legal business trans-acted in the ordinary way on. Sundays as on other days. In the year 517 a canon was made forbidding this practice; which canon was subsequently confirmed by an imperial constitution. It was received with other parts of the canon law by the Saxon kings of Eng-land, and afterward ratified. by William the Conqueror and Henry the Second. Thus it comes that judicial proceedings, on Sunday are void at common law. But all other transac- tions are valid, except so far as prohibited by statute, however unbecoming or wrong in morals they may be considered." ' This history of Sunday legislation accepted by the courts, is very carefully and thoroughly gone into in the " Critical History of Sunday Legislation," by Dr. Lewis, from which are gatherd several points of value to the reader:Š The first Sunday legislation was the product of that pagan conception, so fully developed by the Romans, 1  Merritt vs. Earle, 31 Barbour's Supreme Court Reports, 40, 41. which made religion a department of the State. This was diametrically opposed to the genius of the New Testament Christianity. It did not find favor in the Church until Christianity had been deeply corrupted through the influence of Gnosticism and kindred pagan errors. The Emperor Constantine, while still a hea-then,Šif, indeed he ever was otherwise,Šissued the first Sunday edict by virtue of his power as Pontifex Maximus in all matters of religion, especially in the appointment of sacred days. This law was pagan in every particular. Sunday legislation between the time of Constantine and the fall of the empire, was a combination of the pagan, Christian, and Jewish cults. Many other holi-daysŠmostly pagan festivals baptized with new names and slightly modifiedŠwere associated, in the same laws, with the Sunday. During the. Middle Ages, Sunday legislation took on a more Judaistic type,,  under the plea of analogy, whereby civil authorities' claimed the right to legislate in religious matters, after the manner of the Jewish theocracy. The continental Reformation made very little change in the civil legislation concerning Sunday. The Eng-lish Reformation introduced a new theory, and devel-oped a distinct type of legislation. Here we meet, for the first time, the doctrine of the transfer of the fourth commandment to the first day of the week, and the consequent legislation growing out of that theory. The reader will find the laws of that period to be ex-tended theological treatises, as well as civil enact-ments. The Sunday laws of the United States are the direct outgrowth of the Puritan legislation, notably, of the Cromwellian period. These have been much modified since the colonial, times, and the latest ten-dency, in the few cases which come to direct trial under these laws, is to set forth laws of a wholly different character, through the decisions of the courts. In the Sunday legislation of the Roman Empire the,  religious element was subordinate to the civil. In the Middle Ages, under Cromwell, and during our colo.  nial period, the Church was practically supreMe. Some now claim that Sunday legislation is' not based on religious grounds. This claim is contradicted by the facts of all the centuries. Every Sunday law sprang from a religious sentiment. Under the' pagan conception, the day was to be " venerated " as 'a re. ligious duty owed to the god' of the sun. As the res-urrection-festival idea was gradually combined with the pagan conception, religious regard for the day was also demanded in honor of Christ's resurrection. In the Middle-age period, sacredness was claimed for Sunday because the Sabbath had been sacred under the legislation of the Jewish theocracy. Sunday was held supremely sacred by the Puritans, under the ob-ligations imposed by the fourth commandment which were transferred to it. There is no meaning in the statutes prohibiting " worldly labor," and permitting ' works of, necessity, and mercy " except from a religious standpoint. There can be no " worldly business," if it be not in contrast with religious obligation. Every prohibition which appears in Sunday legislation is based' upon the idea that it is wrong to do on Sunday the things pro-hibited. Whatever theories men may invent for the observance of Sunday on non-religious grounds, and whatever value any of these may have from A scien-tific standpoint, we do not here discuss; but the fact remains that such considerations have never been made the basis of legislation. To say that the present Sunday laws do not deal with the day as a religious institution, is to deny every fact in the history of such legislation. The claim is shallow sub-terfuge. The original character of laws and institutions is not easily .lost. History is a process of evolution, whereby original germs, good or bad, are developed. In the process of development modifications take place, and methods of application change; but the properties of the original germ continue to appear. Neither legislation nor the influence of the Church have been able to prevent the development of holi-dayism and its associate evils in connection with Sunday., There was nothing new in the legislation by Con-stantine concerning Sunday. It was as much a part of the pagan cultus, as the similar legislation con-cerning other days which had preceded it. Such leg- islation could not spring from apostolic Christianity. Every element of that Christianity forbade such inter-ference by the State. The pagan character of this first Sunday legislation is clearly shown, not only by the facts above stated, but by the nature and spirit of the law itself. Sunday is mentioned only by its pagan name, "venerable clay of the sun." Nothing is said of any relation to Christianity. No trace of the res-urrection-festival idea appears. No reference is made to the fourth command or the Sabbath, or anything connected with it. The law was made for all the em-pire. It applied to every subject alike. The fact that on the day following the publication of the edict con-cerning the Sunday, another was issued, ordering that the haruspices 2  be consulted in case of public calam-ity, which was thoroughly pagan in every particular, shows the attitude of the emperor and the influences which controlled 'him. The following is the complete text of the laws just referred to. It will repay the reader for prolonged and careful study :Š FIRST SUNDAY EDICT. Let all the judges and all city people and all trades-men rest upon the venerable day of the sun. But let those dwelling in the country freely and with full liberty attend to the culture of their fields; since it frequently happens that no other day is so fit for the sowing of grain or the planting of vines; hence, the favorable time should not be allowed to pass, lest the provisions of heaven be lost. Given the seventh day of March, Crispus and Constantine being consuls, each for the second time (321). Codex Justin, lib. iii, tit. xii, 1. 3. EDICT CONCERNING HARUSPICES. The August Emperor Constantine to Maximus:Š If any part of the palace or other public works shall be struck by lightning, let the soothsayers, following old usages, inquire into the meaning of the portent, and let their written words, very carefully collected, be reported to our knowledge; and also let the liberty of making use of this custom be accorded to others, provided they abstain from private sacrifices, which are especially prohibited. Moreover, that declaration and exposition, written in respect to the amphitheater being struck by light-ning, concerning which you had written to Heraclia-mus, the tribune, and master of offices, you may know has been reported to us. Dated the sixteenth,' before the calends of January, at Serdica (320). Ace. the eighth, before the Ides of March, in the consulship of Crispus II and Constan-tine III, Caesars Coss. (321) Codex Theo., lib. xvi, tit. x, 1. i. It will be difficult for those who are accustomed to consider Constantine a " Christian emperor," to un-derstand how he could have put forth the above edicts. The facts which crowd the preceding century will fully answer the inquiry.. The sun-worship cult bad grown steadily in the Roman empire for a long time. In the century which preceded Constantine's time, specific efforts had been made to give it prominence over all, other systems of religion. The efforts made under Heliogabalus (218-222 A. n.) marked the ripen-ing influence of that cult, both as a power to control and an influence to degrade Roman life.' All Sunday legislation is the product of pagan Rome. The Saxon laws were the product of the Middle-age 2  The "Encyclopedia Britannica," Vol. XI, p. 500, says: " Ilaruspices, a class of soothsayers in Rome.. Their art consisted especially in deducing from the appearance presented by the entrails of the slain victim the will of the gods. . . . In later times the art fell into disrepute, and. the saying of Cato, the censor, is well known, that he wondered one haruspex could look another in the face with-out laughing (Cic. De Div. ii, 29)." Sun-worship has ever been the most extensive and de-grading of all heathen idolatry. In the " Encyclopedia Brit-annica," article " Baal," is the following: " As the Sun-god, he is conceived as the male principle of life and reproduction in nature, and thus in some forms of his worship is the pa-tron of the grossest sensuality, and even of systematic pros-titution." In an article in the " Old Testament Student," January, 1886, Dr. Talbot W. Chambers said that the worship of the sun is "the oldest, the most wide-spread, and the most enduring of all forms of idolatry known to man. The univers-ality of this form of idolatry is something remarkable. It seems to have prevailed everywhere." 