338 THE AMERICAN : SENTINEL. agine themselves to be grateful to him, simply because they had subscribed to a constitution which said that they were grateful. So the con-stitution, instead of making people better, would have a tendency to confirm them in their ungod-liness. One of the speakers in favor of the substitution was a Mr. Cosgrove. He started out by saying that the effort to have such a preamble was not an attempt to connect the Church and the State. He said: "It does not in any way associate the Church and State because of this recognition of God. It is not necessarily recognizing the Church in any sense." And then he went on to disprove this statement, by saying: "We expect to get a large amount of immigration into this country before many years, and I do not care what the committee intended by leaving it out of this pre-amble, the masses of the United States will take it as an indirect attack upon the church, and as an indirect pandering to infidelity hy leaving out this word." This statement of his shows conclu-sively that the substitution would in a way con-nect Church and State, although it is not true that the omitting of the substitution would be an attack upon the church. Anyone can see that to, adopt a constitution which says nothing about the Deity or the church, could not be considered an attack upon the church any more than a bank corporation could be said to be making an attack upon the church if it adopted articles of corpo-ration without making any reference to the Deity. Mr. Cosgrove said further: "Let me say, gen-tlemen, that this territory would have been built up long ago had it not 'been that the people of the East believed that Washington Territory was a heathen land, peopled with heathens, with-out government." That statement shows the hol-lownesss of the whole thing; the recognition of God in the constitution was designed simply as an advertising scheme, to induce immigration. But what nonsense to suppose that people would settle in the Territory any quicker because its constitution contained the name of God. Did the speaker suppose that the people of the East are so ignorant that they could be duped into supposing that the insertion of the name of God in the constitution would make the people any better? Would they imagine that the inhabit-ants of the State were all pious, simply because of a few words in the constitution? The idea is absurd. Mr. Warner, chairman of the Preamble Com-mittee, said that he would yield to no one in reverence for God, but likened the placing of his name in the constitution to the action of the Pharisee in "the Scriptures. He did not believe it was needed any more than the Lord's prayer. This is true, as we have already shown. The adoption of such a preamble would simply be a piece of Phariseeism, and that in reality is all that was expected. Mr. Cosgrove's argument showed that it was designed simply to advertise to the people of the world that the people of Washington were religious, although the statement would not represent the truth. Mr. Sullivan, of Tacoma, showed the sophistry of Mr. Cosgrove's statement, that to leave out the recognition of God would check immigration. He pointed to the Constitution of the United. States, which contains no recognition of God, and said that there was no trouble about immigration to this country. One speaker said : "If I remember right, the Bi-ble says ' there is a time and _place for everything.' it also says, `Thou shalt not take the name,of the  Lord thy God in vain.' The convention there-fore should not place the name anywhere, simply to tickle the ear of any individual or set of indi-viduals." This, again, touches the very heart of the matter. We have already shown that such a recognition as is proposed would be falsehood upon its face ; and because of this, it would be a taking of the name of the Deity in vain. God's name is taken in vain every time it is spoken lightly, every time it is mentioned in any way by those who have not at heart real reverence for God. Mr. Warner stated that he was a member of a church which had the most reverent devotion to God; but he did not believe it necessary to ad-vertise that fact in their business transactions. Mr. Sturdevant showed the folly of the pro-posed recognition, by saying:Š " As well acknowledge the existence of the Su-preme Being and an overruling Providence in the making of a promissory note, as in this consti-tution; yet who would not say it was ridiculous if you saw a promissory note something like this : For value received, I promise to pay to John Doe, or or-der, $100.00, recognizing the overruling providence of the Supreme Court, and the credit business and the great privileges which have been conferred upon me by the Supreme Being by reason of this promis-sory note.' Then again : What would be said in court of the lawyer commencing his complaint in this way : ' John Doe vs. Richard Roe ; the plaintiff in the above entitled action, recognizing the overruling power and constant care of the Supreme Being, com-plains of Richard Roe, and alleges,' etc. Now that is just as sensible, in my opinion, as placing it in the preamble of the constitution. Let us ask God to guide us and teach us common sense in the business which we are trying to transact in this convention." We have devoted this much space to the con-sideration of the discussion in the Washington convention, because the principles involved are the same as those involved in the attempt to rec-ognize God in the national Constitution. We are anxious in this'whole National Reform busi-ness to get the people -to see that opposition to it does not imply irreverence, or infidelity on the part of the opposers, but that the one who has the most intelligent reverence for God, and love for truth and pure Christianity, is the one who will be most zealously opposed to the schemes of the National Reformers. E. J. W. Only Enforcing the Law. THE Catholic Review publishes a sad story of how Roman Catholics are whipped and mal-treated in Russia to compel them to apply for membership in the " Orthodox" or established church of the empire. This the _Review calls "persecution." But how is it persecution ? We are told that the ChUrch of Rome never perse-cuted, that she only adjudged certain persons to be " heretics," and then simply allowed the law to take its course. Those who were tortured and put to death brought all their troubles upon themselves by refusing to obey the law. Then how comes it that the same thing is persecution in Russia? Is that which was only enforcing the law in Spain persecutiom in Russia simply be-cause in the latter country Romanists are the sufferers, while in the former only Protestants felt the rack and the stake? But we do not justify such enforcement of the law, nor even such laws themselves. And we need not go to Russia, nor yet to Spain, for ex-amples to show the wickedness of laws which make persecution- for conscience' sake possible. In more than one State in our owl. country, honest, God-fearing men have been, and are still  liable to be, cast into foul prisons, reduced to poverty by fines and hosts, dragged from the bed-side of dying wives and children, for no other offense than that of daring' to keep as the Sab-bath a _day other than the one observed by their neighbors, and then exercising their God-given privilege to work for the support of their families on the other six days of the week. The spirit of persecution is latent iii many countries, but it is not dead, and it needs only the touch of religious legislation to revive it in all its old-time fury and devilishness. Bigots are as ready to " enforce the law " as they ever were, and climate makes no difference in human disposition in this respect. Sectarian malice and hate are as bitter in our own sunny South as in the frozen regions ruled over by the czar of all the Russias. Would that Rome might learn from the persecu-tion of her own people in Russia, a lesson of toler-ance for others, and that degenerate Protestants might read aright the history of what their fore-fathers have suffered in, the past. But it is too much to hope. What Is the Matter with the Church? IN answer to. the fact that the teaching of re-ligion belongs only to the church and the family, Joseph Cook, in -his 204th Boston. Monday lect-ure, says: "The church and the family are effi-cient but not sufficient to meet the moral wants of the educational system;" because "one-quarter or one-third of the children of the republic of school age never see the inside of a church, and must be taught a religi6usly grounded morality in the public schools or nowhere." Then he says : " How is the church to be ex-pected to reach all the children of school age? Has it the financial strength to do so, even if it could be brought to take the time?" These statements open up an interesting sub-ject on several points. First : " Has, the church the financial strength to reach all the children of school age ?"ŠShe has. It has been published quite broadly, and apparently upon good author-ity, that Dr. John Hall alone preaches to 200,-000,000 dollars every Sunday. This is doubtless the wealthiest congregation to which any man preaches in the United States, but it is an exception only in the amount. All the leading ministers of every city in the Union preach every Sunday to men who own vast amounts of money. Take the churches Of all de-nominations in this country, and it is safe to say that in them is comprised the greater part of the wealth of the country, and it is certain that the church has,  the financial strength 'to reach every child of school .age in the United States. The difficulty is not that the church has not finan-cial strength in that direction. The difficulty with the church members that own the money is , not that they have not the money, but instead of using it for that purpose they use it only to make more money. There is entirely too much truth in the statement, as published, that Dr. John Hall preaches to 200,000,000 dollars. The latter clause in Mr. Cook's question is worthy of-  consideration. He inquires, Has the church the strength to do so, "even if she could be brought to take the time " ? Well, is it so that the church has got into that place where she can-not be brought 'to engage in the work of teaching religion to the youth of the country? What is she doing? Why cannot she-be brought to take the time to engage in the work for Which she is set in the world, and to which she herself pro- 