632 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ing love was lost out of the church organization and only lingered in the hearts of the faithful, persecuted few. In the multituide of professed Christians this spirit was succeeded by the spirit of proud and ar-bitrary dominion. Speaking of this time Draper well says: "To the reign of Constantine the Great must be referred the commencement of those dark and dismal times which oppressed Europe for a thousand years." Powerful Voices Heard in Protest. It must not be thought, however, that all this change took place without a protest. D'Aubigne truly says: "There is always a protest in the human heart against evil." Neander says: " It is true powerful voices were heard protesting against this confusion of political and spiritual interests, as, for example, Hilary of Poitiers, who remarked well and beautifully to the Emperor Constantius: It is for this purpose that you govern and watch that all may enjoy sweet liberty. The peace of tht church can no otherwise be restored, its distractions can in 'no other way be healed than by permitting every man to live wholly according to his own convictions, free from all slavery of opinion. Even though such force should be employed for the support of the true faith, yet the bishops would come before you and say: God is the Lord of the universe; he requires not an obe-dience which is constrained, a profession which is forced. He does not want hypocrisy, but sincere worship.'" .(Torrey's Neander, vol. II, p. 134Ł) It was the council of Nicea which laid the foun-dation for all this superstructure of tyranny, oppres-sion, and darkness. This council condemned Arius as the arch heretic. There is reason to believe that this man, whose history has come to us only through the hands of his bitterest enemies, whose teachings, like the teachings of Jesus, were afterward per-verted by his professed followers, was not ' only not a heretic, but that he was the one who in that'  council made the mighty stand for primitive Chris-tian truth which made the council tremble. The very fact that that council which subverted the, truth condemned him as the greatest heretic is evidence that he was the one man who made the greatest and most telling protest against the iniquity of their pro-ceeding. There were other warning voices besides those of Arius and Hilary, but Neander says: " These isolated  voices could accomplish nothing in opposition to'the great mass, and they proceeded mainly from those who, had been made sore by oppression." The Protest Continues. THE SENTINEL to-day has to make just such an apparently hopeless 'protest. It is said also to-day that those who make this protest are only the few "sore heads," who, being in the minority, are op, pressed by the enforced will of the triumphant, ma-jority. It is easy to see that, should the system of intolerance now forming in this country control his-tory for a thousand years, as it might if Christ did not come to cut it short, those who are making this protest would go down in such history as the greatest heretics of the age. But still the worshiper of truth and right must not flinch or draw back. He knows, too, that his honest protest against the evil will not be lost, but that it will be made powerful by the divine Spirit to the salvation of the honest in heart. The protest in the fourth century was not lost. It was that faithful protest, that noble stand-ing by the crucified truth, that kept the truth alive in the hearts of the honest, faithful ones through all those centuries of darkness and oppression, await-ing the time when it again found expression in the fearless, burning words of Luther, who said: " Chris-tians fight not with sword and musket, but with suf-ferings and the cross." " If truth was of the nature to triumph by force God would never have com-mitted it to fishermen." The fact is 'no honest word spoken for the truth is ever lost, no life crucified with the crucified truth is without its glorious vic-tory. Truth Triumphs in Apparent Defeat. No life in all earth's history ever went out in more utter and hopeless apparent defeat than did the life of Jesus. After all his speaking " as never man spake," only a few fishermen believed on him, and these all forsook him and fled in the hout of his trial. It was the very people for whom he had labored most who mocked him at the foot of the cross. Yet that life was a victory which is to prove the salva-tion of the world. It is not always a disgrace to die on the scaffold or in jail. in Mt. Aubiirn cemetery, near Boston*, lies buried a young man on whose simple tombstone is recorded the fact that " He died in jail." At first the writer wondered at this inscription. Could not hatred or vengeance be satis-fied without following their victim thus openly be- 