AMERICAN SENTINEL. 603 one social class the apparently settled inequalities of fortune call loudly for a new 'deal,' and for the other social class a demonstration in force to fasten the fetters all the tighter, and when in consequence there is s tem-porary reversion toward the original state of society. But meantime may it not well be asked whether the civ-ilization we have been fostering has been rooting up or smothering the chivalrous instincts of men? How otherwise account for the enthusiasm of the strong and powerful in the crushing of the unoffending poor and weak?" And this only points to the world's need of Chris-tianity as the one uplifting power in the world, the true opposite of barbarism and the one thing which can put down the fighting tendency in the human heart. Europe Would Support a South American Alliance. A PROMINENT New England journal, noting that there are "evidences of uneasiness in Latin America be-cause of the 'forward policy' of the United States, and that in view of this feeling in Latin America there is much "fidgeting" in official or semi-official circles in the United States, says:Š "The most solemn assurances to Central and South America are being uttered. It is 'very far from the truth,' say the imperialistic editors, that the great re-public has aggressive designs. 'We do not covet terri-tory;' no, indeed. Meanwhile, the whole of Latin Amer-ica has been listening to the argument of our imperial-ists in favor of 'expansion.' Now, if the argument for `expansion' holds good in Asia, it must be tenfold stronger when applied in our own hemisphere, as the imperialist editors and orators cannot withdraw all their fine reasoning about the vital national necessity for constant territorial growth and new 'responsibili-ties.' "Latin America will very likely put two and two togetherŠthat is, the expansion argument and McKin-ley's deedsŠand form its own conclusions. That this is being done needs no further proof. Attention, however, should be called to the following extract from the per-sonal newspaper organ of the president of Brazil, which is taken from an editorial article on 'South American Alliances':Š "`Either we must suffer the effect of the ambitions of American expansion, or we must turn to Europe and beg aid against them. As a rule, we are not optimists, but in the present case we do not feel ourselves in the least embarrassed by the above dilemma. Without de-nying that the United States will attempt, with all the energy and tenacity peculiar to them, to assume in America, not alone the hegemony which they undoubt-edly already possess and no one denies, but also politi-cal and commercial predominance, we firmly believe that in order to thwart them in such designs it is suffi-cient for the American nations to have a reasonable sentiment of their own rights and independence, and for their statesmen to be able to give expression in a syste-matic way to such a feeling.' "What was the occasion of that article?ŠAdvices  from Europe, received in Brazil, that Germany, France, Italy and Austria would welcome and morally support a South American alliance against the United States." Catholic Training Destructive of Manhood. MR. F. C. CONYBEARE, an English Protestant, has published a book on "The Dreyfus Case," in which he traces to its source one great cause of the evil which that case represents. "The Dreyfus case has been possi-ble," he says, "because of the general want of backbone and private judgment" among the citizens of France, and he proceeds to account for this lack as follows:Š "This want of initiative and of moral courage is the result of Roman Catholic training, more especially of the confessional, which in Latin countries is so worked by the priests as to extinguish all faculty of private judgment, and even of independent moral criticism. Thousands of Frenchmen emancipate themselves on reaching manhood from the dogmas of their church, but not from the mental and moral habits which its disci-pline has impressed upon them. French Freemasonry, the religion of the anti-clericals, is in itself a symptom of these habits. Why need a secret society in order to combat the usurpations, of the priests? Why not fight them in the open, as we would in England? The French Protestants and the Jews seem to be the only people in France who have a moral courage of their own, and the reason is that they have escaped Catholic methods of training. Indeed, to remain a professing Protestant at all in a country where the dominant religious traditions run the other way, demands considerable strength of character. These considerations explain why the Huguenots have almost to a man come forward from the first to protest against the iniquities of the War Office. To them belong such name as Wyllie and De Pressense, and, I might almost add, M. Loyson." Mr. Conybeare goes on to say that the conspiracy against Dreyfus has not provoked a single protest in "the great and dignified Gallican Church," and that an appeal made by Madame Dreyfus to the pope'some time ago "was ignored and treated with contempt," while the entire weight of the Vatican was cast against her. The old Royalist families "have captured the French army," and these families "are entirely swayed by the Jesuits." Ł WE have reached the point where we are discovering that wild-beast ethics are not enough upon which to base a permanent and enduring republic. The ethics of the wild beastŠthe survival of the strongest, shrewdest and the meanestŠhave been the inspiration of our ma-terialistic lives during the last quarter of a century. This has brought us to-day face to face with the in-evitable result. We have a nation in which a few are wealthy, a few are in what may be called comfortable circumstances, vast numbers are propertyless and mill-ions are in pauperism and crime. 