136 ..4.1%4I1Elall CAN SIEW`PINIOIL,., VoL. 9, No. 17. NEW YORK, APRIL 26, 1894. gar" ANY One receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Farmer's Voice, of Chicago, is ask-ing in behalf of the clerks in that city, that the city council of Chicago enforce the Sunday closing laws against the stores and other places of business. THE case of Edgar Price, of Millington, Md., Seventh-day Adventist, under arrest for Sunday labor, has been tried at Ches-tertown. No information as to the result of the trial has reached the SENTINEL be-fore the hour of going to press. A LARGE number of Evangelical Lu-theran churches throughout the country have petitioned Congress in opposition to the proposed " Christian amendment to the Constitution of the United States," which the House judiciary committee has tabled. C. E. MOORE, the editor of the Blue Grass Blade, of Lexington, Ky., has been indicted for blasphemy. Mr. Moore's offending seems to have been in stating the Unitarian views of the human origin of Christ in such positive terms as to have aroused the religious feeling of Congress-man Breckinridge's town, which is at this time, no doubt, particularly tender. This is said to be the first case brought under the ancient statute which Kentucky in-herits, through the Carolina laws, from Church and State, England. SENATOR KYLE has introduced in the Senate a national bill for Sunday rest, and the measure has been referred again to Ex-Senator Blair's old committee,Šthe Committee on Education and Labor. This bill appears to be identical with that introduced by Mr. Blair in the Fiftieth Congress, with the exception of the title, which is simplified to read merely, "A Bill For Sunday Rest." A thorough dis-cussion of this bill, in all its different phases and applications, can be found in No. 27 of the Sentinel LibraryŠ" The National Sunday Law," also in the files of the SENTINEL. IN the Iowa legislature not long ago a resolution was offered prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors on the " Sabbath." Immediately a member offered as an amendment that the word " Sunday " be inserted instead of the " Sabbath," saying that Sunday was not the Sabbath, but Saturday, the seventh day, was the Sab-bath, and consequently if the original res-olution should prevail it would, if sub- jected to accurate interpretation, fail of its intended purpose, and involve a trouble-some controversy. The amendment was adopted, and thus the members of the legislature of Iowa showed their knowl-edge and recognition of the fact that the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath and the first day is not. THE New England Methodist Confer-ence, in session on April 16, after a warm discussion adopted resolutions " viewing with alarm the oft-repeated attempts of the Roman Catholic priesthood to make our public schools sectarian," declaring also that " the members of the New Eng-land Conference will by voice, pen, and ballot, in private and public, in press, pul-pit, and on the platform, utter no uncer-tain sound on the subject of these aggres-sions." Having adopted these resolutions the conference proceeded with all serious-ness and gravity to adopt another set condemning Sunday newspapers, etc.ŠWhat a genius for blowing both hot and cold in the same breath, those who imag-ine themselves Protestants have developed in these last days. A MISSIONARY of the American Board, writing on the progress of the gospel in Spain, says :Š During the year the editor of a Protestant periodical in Malaga, replying in moderate terms to a violent attack in the public press by a priest, on evangelicals and evangelical doctrine, was summoned by the State's attorney to answer to the charge of holding up to con-tempt the religion of the State. He asked for the editor a fine of fifty dollars and costs, and imprison-ment for "two years, four months and one day." Bail was set at $600. The case was ably and elo-quently defended by ono of the most prominent law-yers of the district. The judge charged the jury with evident sympathy for the accused, and in a few min-utes the jury brought in a verdict of acquittal. The agitation of the case did the cause of the gospel un-questionable good. If it is God's truth that is at stake it is always certain that nothing can ever be done against it, but for it; and that, in-variably, the wrath of man will be made to praise Him. The prosecution of the Seventh-day Adventist publishing house in Basle, Switzerland, is a case in point; that also will do " the cause of the gospel unquestionable good." All who know the circumstances will look to see the Lord work in this. THE District of Columbia Sunday bill, which the House Committee on the Dis-trict referred to the District Commission-ers, has been by them sent to the attorney for the District, and he has reported upon it at some length. The attorney reviews the origin of Sunday laws and says that the Sunday legislation of this country, in most of the States, has followed generally the model of the English act of 29 Chas. II. The opinion appended to the historical effort of the attorney is as follows :Š Sunday laws are not based on the idea that it is im-moral or irreligious to labor on the Sabbath day, but on grounds of public charity, in order to protect all persons from the physical and moral debasement Which comes from uninterrupted labor. Such laws are mer-ciful and beneficial, especially to the poor and de-pendent, to laborers and mechanics in factories, work- shops, and the heated rooms and close quarters of great cities. The keeping one day in seven as a time of relaxation and reflection, as well as for public worship, is deemed to be of admirable service to the State. It enables the industrious workman to pursue his occupation in the ensuing week with renewed vigor and cheerfulness. From the examination I have been able to give the subject, I do not conceive the necessity for the enact-ment of the bill in question. All laws should be founded on necessity. If, however, the commissioners on mature reflection should be of opinion that this District stands in need of further moral legislation, the present bill appears to be in good form and they might favorably recommend it to Congress for enactment. From this it does not positively appear that the attorney for the District is ear-nestly desirous that the commissioners should recommend to the committee that they ask Congress to pass this unconstitu-tional measure, neither does he openly oppose the bill on its demerits. Why does he not ? THE May Arena closes the ninth volume of this leader among the progressive and reformative reviews of the English-speak-ing world. The table of contents is very strong and inviting to those interested in live questions and advanced thought. Among the important social and economic problems discussed and ably handled in a brave and fundamental manner, charac-teristic of this review, are, " The First Steps in the Land Question," by Louis F. Post, the eminent single-tax leader; " The Philosophy of Mutualism," by Professor Frank Parsons of the Boston University Law School; "Emergency Measures for Maintaining Self-respected Manhood," by the editor of the Arena. The saloon evil is also discussed in a symposium. One of the strongest papers on heredity that has appeared in recent years is found in this issue from the pen of Helen H. Gardener. Rev. M. J. Savage appears in a very thoughtful paper on " The Religion of Lowell's Poems ; " a fine portrait of Lowell appears as a frontispiece. Dr. James R. Cooke contributes a striking paper on "The Power of the Mind in the Cure of Diseases." A strong feature of this num-ber is a brief character sketch by Stephen Crane, entitled, " An Ominous Baby." Stinson Jarvis' series of brilliant papers on " The Ascent of Life " closes with this issue. The Arena has made steady progress; its circulation Ł having increased during the panic, and it has necessarily been en-larged to one hundred and forty-four pages. There is, also, in addition to this, the book reviews, which covers over twenty pages, making in all a magazine of over one hundred and sixty pages. The steady in-crease in circulation of this $5 magazine during a period of unprecedented financial depression shows how deep rooted and far reaching is the unrest and social discon-tent; for this review has steadfastly given audience to the views of the social reform-ers of the various schools of thought. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " o - - 75c if 250 to 499 " " " " li - - .. 70c if 500 to 999 " " " " e - - 650 if 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 