THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 387 case, relying upon the guarantee of the Constitution and the intelligence of the judge and jury for acquittal. The follow- ing is the statement made by Mr. W. S. Lowry, whose case came first :Š I would like to say to the jury that, as has been stated, I am a Seventh-day Adventist. I observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. I read my Bible, and my convictions on the Bible are that the seventh day of the week is the Sabbath, which comes on Saturday. I observe that day the best I know how. Then I claim the God-given right to six days of labor. I have a wife and four children, and it takes my labor six days to make a living. I go about my work quietly, do not make any un-necessary noise, but do my work as quietly as pos-sible. It has been proved by the testimony of Mr. Fitch and Mr. Cox, who live around me, that they were not disturbed. Here I am before the court to answer for this right that I claim as a Christian. I am a law-abiding citizen, believing that we should obey the laws of the State ; but whenever they con-flict with my religious convictions and the Bible, I stand and choose to serve the law of my God rather than the laws of the State. I do not desire to cast any reflections upon the State, nor the officers and authorities executing the law. I leave the case with you. This simple, eloquent, and noble state-ment of a high-minded Christian gentle-man would have made an impression on any mind not blinded by bigotry, and would have rendered just any heart not dwarfed and shrivelled by religious fan-aticism. But like the ill-fated Huguenots of the sixteenth century, these victims of religious prejudice lacked broad-minded, liberty-loving, and Constitution-revering patriots for judge and jurors. The pros-ecuting attorney struck the key-note of the true animus of the prosecution when in closing his speech he made use of the following significant expression :Š I can not conceive that a man who claims to be a peaceable, law-abiding citizen can go on disregard-ing the day openly in the face of the law, openly in the face of the protections that are thrown around the holy Sabbath, as we believe it and hold it, and protected by the laws of this State; and this is a question that I presume you gentlemen will not have any difficulty in coming to a decision upon. The accused were promptly found guilty by the jury, and on refusing to pay the unjust fine were remanded to jail on June 3, where they remained for over forty days. The sheriff had a higher concep-tion of justice than the judge. He re-marked to the latter that the convicted were " sincere in their belief." " Let them educate their consciences by the laws of Tennessee," exclaimed this judge, who had sworn to uphold that Constitution which declares thatŠ " No human authority can in any case whatever control or interfere with the rights of conscience," and that " no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of wor-ship." After lying in jail for over forty days, three of these conscientious, upright citi-zens were taken out, chained* to three negro criminals who had been sentenced for drunkenness, shooting in the street, and fighting the city marshal, and set to work on the public highway. What A HUMILIATING SPECTACLE to a justice and liberty-loving American ! Three upright, noble-souled men, who, like the early Christians and the children of the Reformation, were loyal to the voice of conscience, were chained to de-praved and brutalized criminals. The outrage might not call for such ex-tended notice, were it not for the fact that in recent years in Tennessee and Arkan- * Mr. Flower has fallen into an error in supposing that these men were chained. The humanity of the sheriff saved them that indignity. They worked in the chain-gang but were not themselves chained.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL. sas these conscientious, Christian people, known as Adventists have been systemat-ically persecuted. The case above noted is only one of a number of similar in-stances where pure-hearted, Christian people have been cruelly persecuted for conscience' sake; and it would seem evi-dent, from the systematic prosecutions and the heartless ferocity with which just and upright persons have been pur-sued, that they are victims of an organ-ized effort, which has for its ultimate aim the securing of a series of judicial rulings calculated to further aid the determined effort being made to unite Church and State and abridge the rights of American citizens. Against the infamy of these persecutions I wish to raise my voice in indignant protest. My whole soul revolts at the barbarism and ferocious savagery which seeks by resurrecting obsolete laws to re-enact in a measure the tragedies of the past and which through legal techni-calities ignore the constitutional guaran-tee of Tennessee. IT IS A SHAME, a crying shame, that such insane fanati-cism, such anti-Christian intolerance, should flourish at this late day; and doubly shameful is it that our sense of justice and love of liberty are so be-numbed by conventional hypocrisy that we do not as a nation rise up against such liberty-destroying inhumanity. To me there is nothing so terrible as the spec-tacle of just and upright men suffering as criminals. Think of that sixty-two-year old, silver-haired father, who had harmed no one, who had committed no crime, who had striven to follow the Golden Rule as a line of conduct for life, being driven in a chain-gang with hardened, brutalized negro criminals simply because of his sublime loyalty to what he con-ceived to be right. Think of this high-handed infamy, and remember that this crime against liberty, this crime against human rights, was perpetrated in the name of law, and instigated by persons who impiously claim to be Christians. The persecution of Jesus by the Phari-sees of his day finds its parallel in the persecution of the Seventh-day Adventists by those who masquerade under his name to-day. And yet these same sleuth-hounds of bigotry call themselves Christians! Let us see how their actions square by the Golden Rule, which Jesus gave as the great basic principle of moral govern-ment. Let us suppose that in Louisiana, for example, the Catholics, being numerically in the majority, should enact a statute that on certain days made holy by their church, all men must abstain from work " other than acts of real necessity." Let us suppose that Protestants refuse to keep these days, first, because they denied the right of the church to canonize men or make holy days, and secondly, because the fierce struggle for bread made it im-perative that they work. Now let us fur-ther suppose that a number of the most upright citizens openly disregarded this unjust statute, and for this violation were dragged to prison, doomed to lie in jail, and finally put to work in New Orleans in the chain-gang with morally debased criminals. Would not there be a mighty uprising over the length and breadth of the land at such an un-American and iniquitous enactment, which so clearly trampled on the right of conscience and disregarded the spirit of free government ? " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Jesus taught this as a cardinal truth, the sum of laws and precepts. ARE PERSECUTORS OF THESE SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS CHRISTIANS ? No, a thousand times, no ! They are es-sentially pagan. Apollo-loving Constan-tine, and not the tolerant and ever-com-passionate Jesus, is their model. But let us pursue this thought one, step further. Suppose that in Michigan, where the Sev-enth-day Adventists have some strength, that they should be able to combine with the Hebrews, and were so disposed, and that through such a combination they were enabled to enact a law compelling all citizens of Michigan to rest on the seventh day. Would our Protestant and Catholic citizens peaceably acquiesce in such a statute ? Would not our people call upon the Constitution to nullify such a wrong? Would we not hear on every hand that to compel people to keep Satur-day would be equal to forcing a large per cent. of them to do violence to their con-sciences by breaking Sunday, as a com-paratively few could rest one hundred days in the year and yet earn a livelihood ? And yet such a case would be exactly analagous to the persecutions now being carried on by persons who insult Jesus by calling themselves Christians. No, gentlemen, I grant you are the legitimate children of the holy (?) Inquisition, but your action will not square by the Golden Rule. Poor Mr. King, of whom I have writ-ten before, was pursued with.the relent-less ferocity supposed to be characteristic of demons until death came to his relief. He and these new victims of religious in-tolerance belong to the chosen band of royal souls who in all ages have been per-secuted for conscience' sake. Of that band Jesus was a conspicuous member. He broke the Sabbatht and was pursued by the Sabbath Union of his day, even to the cross. The early Christians in the days of Nero followed the dictates of their consciences and for this were burned and torn to pieces. The noble spirits, yea, the chosen souls, of the Dark Ages like-wise followed the dictates of conscience, and for their splendid and sublime loyalty to what they conceived to be the truth were burned, racked, and destroyed in a thousand different ways. Roger Wil-liams followed the same guiding star of conscience in matters of religion, and as a result was banished from the Massachu-setts Colony. All of these persons are now popularly regarded as martyrs for truth, liberty, and right. The spirit man-ifested by their persecutor is abhorrent to all broad-minded and intellectually devel-oped men and women. These last vic-tims to the age-long spirit of intolerance hold the same position as was formerly occupied by the martyrs and heroes for conscience' sake, whose privations and he-roic deaths form luminous examples of high thinking and noble acting amid the gloom of the past. APATHY OF THE PRESS. The secular press of the land, with many notable exceptions, has paid little heed to these persecutions. Indeed, a general lethargy seems to t Strictly speaking Je-us did not break the Sabbaak.. The Jews accused him of violation of the divine law, but he hiinself repelled the charge by showing that it was "laWful," that is according to law, "to do good on the Sabbath day,'? SENTINEL. —  