a_IVIERICAN SENTINEL. 789 Persecutions the Work of a Few. BY WILLIAM BIRNEY. PERSECUTIONS for religion's sake are usually con-ducted by a small number of persons, while the masses of the people sympathize with the victims. The seeming exceptions are when, superadded to religious differences, there are hatreds, either racial or caused by war; or tyrannical feelings generated under despotic govern-ments. In England, for the two centuries before the death of Elizabeth, there were only 400 heretics burned ,at the stake; and 300 of these perished in the last three years of the reign of "bloody Mary" Tudor. During the same period the number of those burned in the Netherlands was about 75,000, and in Spain nearly as many. The greater slaughter under SpaniSh rule was due principally to the passions fomented by the long wars in Spain against the Moors, Moriscoes, and Jews, and fostered by the despotic character of the royal government. In Scotland, about 1684, James II began to perse-cute Protestants. He used "thumbkins" and "boots" for the torture of his victims. These instruments crushed the bones and marrow. James took delight in personally witnessing their operation and hearing the screams and entreaties of the sufferers. He was supported and lauded by a few clergymen, but he was abhorred by the people. They called him "monster." When he fled the country, he left few friends in the Scottish lowlands. In New England, in the 17th century, the persecu-tions of the Baptists and Quakers, the scourgings, soli-tary confinements, ear clippings, tongue borings, and hangings, were favored by zealous preachers and by lead-ing church members high in office; but public opinion was outraged and the rescues of victims became so numerous and popular opposition so pronounced that the persecu_ Lions were gradually abandoned. What is true of religious persecutions in other times and lands is true of those now waged in the States of this Union under "Sunday laws." The people generally do not favor them. These laws, obtained mostly by the lobbying importunities of paid agents of clergy-led socie-ties, cannot be enforced as other laws are. Nobody is in-jured by the violation of them and nobody will appear as prosecuting witness. If enforced at all, it must be by paid spies and informers, wretches who, in the large cities, earn a scant livelihood by making trouble for honest men, their neighbors. No decent citizen will engage in such work. If a church member should do it once through zeal in excess, the contempt of the community prevents him from repeating it. In rural districts, such laws are not often enforced; though they exist in all the States, it is believed that they have never been enforced in one third of the counties in any State. In some of the largest States they have not been enforced in more than from three to six counties. In some cases the sentences have not been  executed; and in others the fines have been paid by sym-pathetic bystanders. In others again the oppression and distress have, been fearful. In the District of Columbia it is probable that nine tenths of the adult population are opposed to the pend-ing Sunday bill. It will be advocated, however, by two or three clergymen and a paid agent of the Reform soci-ety. These gentlemen are anxious to get power to add to the chain-gang all persons who do not observe SundaŁy after the Puritan fashion. Washington, D. C. What Part Should a Minister of Christ Take in Politics? BY LEWIS C. SHEAFE. THE above was the subject before the city ministers' meeting at Lexington, Ky., a short time ago. The writer was present and noted a few of the many state-ments, which are very significant as straws that tell the way the wind is blowing. One speaker said, The White House needs in it a man who can and will supply all the needs of the people of this country; who will be interested in all their affairs, both temporal and spiritual; and, said he, who could do this better than a minister of the gos-pel? Another said that he that rules the church ought to govern the country; that the minister should go into polities to purify them, and give them dignity; that the trouble with the country to-day is that the ministers have had too little to do with politics, and that they should "come to the rescue at once." Another said, If the ministers would take hold of the politics of this country more firmly, putting a stop to lawlessness, close all saloons and such places, stop the Sunday desecration, this would make the people attend church. "It is our duty," he said "to make people stop doing wrong, and teach them what is right in politics as well as in religion." "The minister that does not lead his people to the polls, and see that they vote right is not fit to lead them to the kingdom of God." There were ten ministers present, representing several branches of Methodism, Disciple, and Baptist churches; only one Methodist protested against the general senti-ment. Finally, the writer was asked to speak on the subject. He said in part: We are in a critical period of our country's history. Its friends will prove its foes; for they are getting control of the ship of state, and ara,  heading her for the sand-bar of church and state. At the present rate we will strike before long. Brethren, you have ignored the fact that each of the many denomina-tions would want to run the gove'rnment on its own church plan, and there would be a worse muddle than we now have. The writer spoke of the past history of church and state, its evils and cruelties, and of the present attitude of the papal power toward this government, and them 