THE AIVIERICAN SENTINEL. 219 immoral intent, and put into the hands of feeble man; and thus was the king- dom of Israel transformed into a false theocracy, the worst kind of a despotism. The Israelites also rejected the gospel, the only means of changing the heart, and depended wholly upon the law, which could only enforce outward observances. See Heb, 4: 3, and Rom, 9 : 30 to 10 : 3. Thus they made clean the outside of the cup and platter, and were like whited sepulchres. They multiplied outward observances, and forgot the weightier mat-ters of the lawŠjustice, mercy, and truth. In their greed of gain, they devoured widows' houses, and for a pretense made long prayers. All this is the logical and unavoidable result of trying to make men righteous simply by law. Phariseeism was but a false theocracy gone to seed. Because they had thus abused the theo-cratic form of government, God destroyed the Israelitish nation, and declared there should never be another true theocracy till the everlasting kingdom of Christ was set up on the redeemed world, as foretold by all the prophets, Eze. 21: 25-27. Every theocracy that can exist prior to that time, must therefore be a false theocracyŠsome man er men ruling in the place of God. Such was the Papacy and such the gov-ernment of Calvin in Geneva, and of the Puritans in Massachusetts; and such be the result when the National Reformers and their allies, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, and the American Sabbath Union, shall have accomplished their object. The same cause will pro-duce the same effect. As every false theoc-racy has produced a hypocritical Phar-iseeism of outward forms, so will this. Just as every other man-made theocracy has persecuted those who have walked in the light of God, and by their holy lives, have condemned the prevailing hypocrisy, so will this. No wonder the Bible speaks of perilous times in the last days, because men have a form of godliness but deny the power thereof. Every appeal to the State to make men moral by law, and to teach them Christianity, is a public denial of the power of the Christian Church to do what God commissioned it to do; and yet almost all these appeals are made by those who have a form of godliness. The Church of God, clothed with the power of God is the only thing that can really do the work of changing the hearts of men to make them truly moral. The State at best can only touch the outward act. The whole religio-political movement of the day, is not in the interest of Christianity but in the interest of a Phariseeism which, builds whited sepulchres, and makes clean the outside of the cup and platter. It does not need a. prophet's eye to discern already this result. The literature of every organization connected with the movement is full of the idea that if men but keep Sunday strictly, and go to church  regularly, they are really religious. Such outward observances, in their eyes cover a multitude of sins. Even the saloon-keeper, if he shuts up on Sunday and goes to church, is respectable to say the least; and he may carry on his iniquitous busi- ness six days in the week without losing that respectability. In fact, if he gives a little of his ill-gotten gain now and then to support some church, or some mission-ary enterprise, he is almost religious. By the combined efforts of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, and the Massachusetts Sabbath Association, a Sunday-law con-vention was held at Lowell, Massachusetts, June 2. Delegates were present from some twenty different cities. As usual, nearly all of them were ministers. After the opening exercises, and the address of welcome, the first speech on the pro-gramme was by Rev. W. W. Evarts, of Haverhill, Massachusetts, on the subject of "Sabbath Desecration." Mr. Evarts spoke of the Pharisaical idea of the Sabbath as a false idea, allud-ing to their various traditions concerning it. They taught that it was breaking the Sabbath to eat an egg that was laid on that day. They taught that it was wrong to travel beyond a certain distance on the Sabbath, and wrong to carry a handker-chief if it was not pinned to the other gar-ments, because it was bearing a burden on the Sabbath day. All schools agreed that it was wrong to walk on the grass, on the Sabbath day, for fear you might thrash out some of the seed, and that would be work. After the speaker had finished, the ad-dress was discussed in a number of five minute speeches by the delegates, they being instructed by the presiding officer, to especially mention the various forms of Sabbath desecration most prevalent in their respective districts. One of these ministers, with a distressed look on his face, said that in his town, the fathers and mothers would get up on Sunday morning, and put on their good clothes, and take the children, baby and all, and go out in the front yard in a cool place, and sit down on the grass, and chat and read with no thought of their duty to attend church. "Such Sabbath desecra-tion as this ought to be stopped." The ministers seemed unconscious of the re-semblance between this and the Pharisee-ism which in the very paper under discus-sion, had been represented as false. Per-haps even the Pharisees would have al-lowed them to sit oh the grass, if not to walk on it. Another minister said that he and his wife sat on the front porch the other Sunday, in a cool place, and such numbers of bicycles and carriages came by, that they felt they were breaking the Sabbath to look at them, and so had to go into the house, and shut themselves in. He said a good lady in Lynn, whose house was near the beach, said she had to do that every Sunday, else she felt guilty. Of course such traveling on Sunday, be-yond the usual Sabbath day's journey to church and back, ought to be stopped by law, so that these poor people need not be compelled to thus shut themselves up. Specimens of this modern Phariseeism might be multiplied, but it is inevitable, as both reason and history show, that such must be the result of all religious laws, and these are sufficient to prove that even now, such result is apparent. G. E. FIFIELD. Sunday Selling in New York. THE SENTINEL, though opposed to the liquor traffic and to intemperance in every form, has always insisted that Sunday closing laws were of little or no .value as a temperance measure. This has been demonstrated in almost every place where Sunday closing has been attempted. The situation in this city is well described in the following editorial from the Sun, of July 7:Š " The Grand Jury, in the Court of Gen-eral Sessions, recently made a present-ment on the subject of the excise laws, in which it criticised the methods adopted by the police for their enforcement. ' Nearly all of the excise cases investi-gated by the Grand Jury during the past month were dismissed,' says the present-ment, because ' the officers who made the arrests offered no evidence of the violation of the law;' and very many of the cases showed ' a spirit of persecution rather than a desire to fully discharge duty.' " That has a familiar sound. For years past presentments by the Grand Jury have dealt with the same subject in very much the same way. Most of the time of the inquest is occupied with the consideration of these excise cases, the great majority being charges of violation of the Sunday closing law, and sensible men on the Grand Jury must be tired of going through the farce of investigating them. "Everybody knows that the saloons and bar-rooms generally are open on Sun-day as a matter of course. The jurymen have only to walk the streets to see for themselves that the sale of liquor goes on with little obstruction. Beer saloons are crowded on Sunday night with Germans and other citizens of respectability. The corner liquor saloons admit thirsty cus-tomers through side doors, and the bus- iness proceeds throughout the town. Yet a large number of arrests are made for the violation of the Sunday closing law, as if it were actually and vigorously en- forced, and these cases come before the Grand Jury to consume its time. If in- dictments are found convictions under them rarely follow, and as this present-ment says, most of the cases are dismissed in the Grand July room because of the lack of evidence. Meantime the sale of 