JULY 11, 1895. A.M1Wirti CA NT SiEgivriaNAH_ALio 221 Saturday as religiously as priests and minis-ters of other denominations do Sunday. He quoted :Š Exodus 20: 8-11: Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in, it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it. Mr. Nash then read from the constitution of Mississippi, which says:Š Section 18. No preference shall be given by the law to any religious sect or mode of worship; but the free enjoyment of all religious sentiments and different modes of worship shall be held sacred. Notwithstanding Mr. Nash fortified his po-sition. by the above quotations from the Bible and the constitution of Mississippi, he was fined $10 by the justice of the peace, 'who subsequently reduced the fine to $1 and costs, amounting to $7.75. This amount was promptly paid by the people attending court, and Mr. Nash was discharged. As he con-scientiously believes in keeping the seventh or Sabbath day, and cannot afford to remain idle two days in each week, it' is probable that he will again be arrested and fined the full amount allowed by lawŠtwenty dollars for each of-fense. In Georgia the laws are more severe against Sunday-breakers than in Mississippi, and the penalty may be $1;000 fine or six months im-prisonment for each offense, and Tennessee is but little behind Georgia. Several persons have been arrested and fined in those States as well as in Mississippi for violation of Sun-day laws, and respectable men have been sub-jected to the indignity of working in chain-gangs with the vilest criminals for simply following the dictates of conscience and com-plying with the command given by Jehovah to Moses amid the thunders of Mount Sinai. And this, too, not in despotic Russia, nor in pagan China, but in the free and enlightened United States of America, whose Constittition expressly states that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." TEN GREAT COMMANDMENTS. [From, the Chicago Inter-Ocean, June 3.1 THERE are what David calls " secret sins," and he who knows much of the life of cities knows that they flourish in the shade of puritanic observance. The spiritual life is not of necessity most vigorous where the street cars cease to run and the newspapers to be published on Sunday, and where the day is miscalled the sabbath. The plain fact is that in Chicago, more, we believe, than in any other city of the first magnitude, a teacher whose message is from God to man, as distinct from a sect to man, is sure of a hearing. He who teaches the "ten great commandments," and who expounds their in-finite applicability to every act and deed of man, is sure of a following in Chicago. AFRAID OF THE SIMPLE BIBLE. Tux Christian Statesman is publishing a series of editorials intended to show how the several Protestant churches may and ought to unite or rather federate into one " united church." The creed of this " united church," which is also to be the United States church, is to be " the acceptance of the divine law and of the headship of Christ." But has the Christian Statesman suddenly become ortho-dox, and is it going to advocate the " com-mandments of God and the faith of Jesus," the biblical creed of the remnant Church? Not by any means, for it hastens to add:Š It is not wise to attempt to make the Bible itself, uninterpreted and in its simple letter the sole funda-mental creed of the church. As seen in a former ar-ticle the inspired and infallible Word of God is to be acknowledged as supreme, authoritative law. The final appeal must be to that in all moral :questions in both Church and State. But the State `and'Church must for themselves determine what the teachings of this divine Word are by the best interpretation which each in its own sphere of duty can reach. In this case, as is usual with State-Church systems, the Statesman is afraid of the Bible. Though professing to desire that it shall be the basis of union, it hastens to explain that it does not mean to state that the commandment, "The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord" is to be obeyed as it reads, but as interpreted by the majority in Church and State,Šthat is that " the first day is the sabbath of the Lord." And since the creed of the Church is the creed of the State, the dissenter from this "interpretation" is to be handed over to the State for punishment as of old. All this which the Statesman proposes to do is now being done in a degree.' Doubtless if the program planned by the Statesman shall materialize it will result in an increase of the amount of heresy hunting and correcting of heretics. CHRIST " THE END OF THE LAW." MARY who attempt to set at naught the claims of the Sabbath command in the great moral code, quote Rom. 10: 4 to prove that since Christ came the fourth commandment is at an end. The scripture reads: "For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to every one that believeth." A few plain facts drawn from the Scriptures and reason will enable the reader to compre-hend just what the Spirit intended to convey by the foregoing language. There are but two ways in which we can understand the word " end." It either means that the law ceased, ended, stopped; or it means ultimate object, aim, or design (see Webster). If it has the first meaning inŁthis text, and the law ceased at the advent of Christ, then not " one jot or one tittle" of the law has been in force since the cross. To say that Christ nailed the whole law to the cross and then reenacted nine of the commandments to get rid of the fourth, would be like a surgeon cutting off all ten of a man's fingers and thumbs to get rid of one on which there was a felon and then attempting to graft on the nine healthy  fingers. Such a position is too absurd for a moment's consideration. The reader will notice that the text says that Christ is the end of the law only to the believer, not to the unbeliever. If the word " end " means to cease to bind, or release from obligation to obey (and that is just what the advocates of this theory use the text to prove in the case of the fourth commandment), then none but believers are released from obligation to obey any of the ten commandments, while unbelievers are bound to keep them all. Think of it reader, Christians can have other gods, worship images, swear, kill, lie, steal, and commit adultery, in fact, break every one of the ten commandments, including the fourth, because with them " Christ is the end of the law," therefore they are under no obli-gation to keep the Sabbath or any other one Ł of the ten commandments; while if the unbe-liever breaks any of them he will be held to ' pay the penalty. Many outside the pale of the churches begin to think this is about the true condition of things. And why shouldn't they ? When professed ministers and church leaders teach the people that the ten com-mandments are abolished to the believer and not to the unbeliever, may we not look for a worse state of things in the church- than out of it ? If not, why not ? If we understand the text to mean that Christ is the object or purpose of the law for righteousness, then all is plain and it estab-lishes every jot and tittle of the law to be as enduring as the heavens and the earth. That the word "end" has the above meaning see the following texts: " Considering the end [or object] of their conversation." Heb. 13: 7,  " Ye have seen the end [object] of the Lord." James 5:11. No one need mistake the mean-ing of the word " end " in these texts. Just so with Rom. 10: 4: " Christ is the end [object] of the law for righteousness." The law is a transcript of the Divine mind and contains all the moral attributes of its author. "My righteousness shall not be abolished. Hearken unto me, ye that know righteousness, the people in whose heart is my law." Isa. 51: 6, 7. This shows that God's law and his righteousness are the same. Says David, " All thy commandments are right-eousness." Ps. 119: 172. " The law is holy, and the commandment holy, and just, and good." Rom. 7: 12. It "is spiritual." Verse 14. Had man always obeyed the law he would have reflected the glory of God. Paul speaking of the tenth commandment says it was " ordained unto life." Rom. 7: 10. Had our first parents never coveted the forbidden fruit, but remained obedient, they could have had life. But through their disobedience,  many were made sinners. Rom. 5 : 19. There-fore on account of the weakness of the flesh entailed upon the race by Adam's transgres-sion, " all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God." Rom. 3: 23. " Therefore by the deeds of the law there shall no flesh be justified in his sight" (verse '20), because "by the law is the knowledge of sin." A law that shows man that he is unrighteous cannot give,  him righteousness; that must come through 