THE AIVIRRICALN is -'still used- at the. beginning, and it is ex-pressly stated that "Sunday "is used only as a matter of custom. It is understood that it is a,,s a religious day, indicated by the term " Lord's day " that they want the observance of the first day of the week enforced ; but if the term " Sunday " is quite generally used, it will no doubt "take " better. 2. In asking for the "protection of the relig-ious observance of the day," instead of the pro-motion of its observance as a day, of religious worship, the committee threw a sop to those who are " on the fence " in regard to religious legislation. As it stands, it amounts to noth-ing; for :there is not a State or Territory in the Union where any religious service held on Sunday would not be protected. 3. The most important change of all, how-ever, is the substitution of the words " in pub-lic" instead of "to the disturbance of others," ifr section 1. This will certainly make the law more effective. It is obvious ' that if a Man were to engage in work a: mile from a divelling-house, it would be, quite a task for the owner of the house to convince even an ordinary, jury that such labor disturbed him;.  but by the terms of the amended, bill, the Man may be convicted if he is working in a public place, provided anybody can get near enough to him, to see him. 4. Notice the radical change made in sec-tion 2. As amended, it is Most sweeping, al-loWing of no exception. The mail is not to be carried at all on Sunday, even in case 'of sickness and death, lest some "unscrupulous " person should mention business on that day. If the mail is not carried, of coil. that will make him a good man! It is no concern of ours how they propose to carry out this law, but we can't help wondering what they will do when Sunday comes, and a train carrying the mail is on the way, say from Chicago to New Orleans. The train is owned by a cor-poration; and is not in a part of the country subject to, the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States," and therefore could not be fOrced tO lie over. The only way out of the difficulty, under the provision of this bill, would be to dump all the mail out at the nearest station, and let it lie there till Sunday was past. This, however, would not be done. What would be done would be the passing of laws by the several States, forbidding all labor within their jurisdiction, sand it is this for 'which these zealous people are scheming. This United States law is designed as a precedent, and as a lever with which to secure the relig-ious observance of Sunday by all the people in the United States, whether they are relig-ious or not. 5. We wish to call special attention, also, to the last sentence of the "reason for the Ohanges asked?' It says: " So many of the State Sunday laws have proved almost useless in protecting the rights of the people to Sun-day rest, and undisturbed worship, by the smallness of their penalties and the largeness of their exceptions, that we covet from Con-gress a Jaw that shall make itself effective by emall-exeeptions and large penalties." There the real spirit of the dragon exhibits itself. .In -that simPle statement is compressed a world of bigotry and animosity. History has abun-dantly shown that the bitterness and hate Which bigoted,men feel toward those who dif-fer with them in religious opinion, are the  worst of all. It is very natural for a bigoted man to imagine that when his' views are not respected it is a direct insult to the Lord, and that he is the divinely appointed agent to pun-ish all such offenses. The spirit of the state-ment which we ave just quoted is this: " We want things fixe so that those who do, not believe as we do came fully within our power, so that we can wreak on them all the hatred which we feel for them." We speak strongly, because the case de-mands it. We do not speak thus in order to arouse a feeling against those who are engi-neering  this thing, but that all who read it may be led to examine the matter for themselves more closely, that they may see the wicked-ness of the whole business, and may protest. Petitions against tampering with the Constitu-tion, and dabbling in religious legislation, have been sent far and wide, and we believe that it will be seen that there are many thou-sands of people in the United States who are not willing to forge chains with which to bind themselves, nor to lend themselves to the work of binding others. No scheme more iniqui-tous, nor more opposed to the spirit of the gospel of Christ, was ever set on foot in this country. E. J. W. 1.-Ł  4. Our Position Again Stated. THERE has just come to our notice a circu-lar letter designed to arouse those whom it reaches, to oppose Sunday legislation. It has evidently been used by the one who got it up, to introduce the AMERICAN SENTINEL; but the SENTINEL feels constrained to utter its most em-phatic disapproval of the argument used. After mentioning the National Reform Asso-ciation, and its allies, the Prohibition party and the Woman's (Political) Christian Tem-perance Union, the writer says :Š " The above statements clearly show how these three bodies of active workers are rap-idly making their cause one, and while we are made glad to see the cause of temperance advancing, it saddens us to see this Sunday movement brought into it. If Sunday sanc-tity were established by divine authority, it would be different. But since it is a usurper, and has only the authority of man for its es-tablishment, we must raise our voice against it, and call the attention of all to the fact that God asks no one to-do such a work as is pro-posed for Sunday." We wish to say for the SENTINEL that it would make no difference if the Sunday were sanctioned by divine authority in the plainest terms. The SENTINEL is opposed to legisla-. 'tion upon matters of religion, no matter how well established those matters may be by divine authority. Such legislation is wrong, it is wicked. It is directly opposed to the spirit, of the gospel, and to that rule which says, " Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." We know full well that Sunday observance has no sanction in the Bible, but our opposition to Sunday laws does not rest upon that basis. We believe in one God, the Creator of the heavens and the earth. We believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, the divine Word that was made flesh and dwelt among us, " who was delivered for our offenses, and was raised again for our justification." We believe in baptism" for the remission of sins," and in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, by which believers may "show the Lord's death till he come." We hold these truths in common  with the great body of professed Christians, and they are most clearly revealed in the inspired Scriptures; but we would resist with all our might any attem pt to enforce the be-lief or practice of these truths upon unwilling men. The more we love these truths, the more strenuously would we oppose hny legis-lation in regard to them, because we do riot desire to see them profaned, and because we do not like to see men made hypocrites. There is no professed Christian who would for a moment sanction such a thing as the dragging of an infidel into the church, and compelling him to join in the celebration of the communion. Some churches' admit only those of their own belief, and none think of asking any who do not love the Lord Jesus Christ. But it is just as proper to legislate in behalf of one religious custom as for an-other. Indeed, if the principle of religious legislation be admitted at all, it must be ap-plied to everything; so that, if the religious observance of Sunday should be enforced, the observance of the Lord's Supper ought like-wise to be enforced. Mr. Cook says that "the privilege of rest for each is the law of rest for all." Just as consistently might it be said, "The privilege of communion for each is the law of communion for all," and so make a law requiring everybody to join in the cele-bration of the Lord's Supper. It seems as though anybody could see that if civil Governments have a duty in respect to one religious institution, they, have the same duty in regard to all; and it seems, also, that all might see the inconsistency and the wickddness of such legislation. It always has, and always will, lead to endless perse-cution and the manufacture of hypoorites. The Lord does not ask men to help him in the administration of his laws. He says, "'Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God' the things that are God's." The Spirit of the Lord is the only power that can make men truly. relig-ious. The civil power can only make them (in some instances) act as if they were re-ligious. But when men are truly religious they will act so; and when they are not,, it is no credit to them, and is not desired by the Lord, that they should act as, if they were. E. J. W. VIEWS OF NATIONAL REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. Tins package contains thirteen tracts treating upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as follorNAvosE:Š; NO. 1. Religious Legislation,  2. Religious Liberty,  S. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience, ..... 16 4. The American Papacy,.  16 5. Bold and Base Avowal   16 6. National Reform is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,  8. The Salem Witchcraft,  8 9. what Think Ye of Christ?  10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,  24 11. The Republic of Israel,  8 12., National Reformed Presbyterianisni,  82 13. The National Reform Movement an Absurdity,  16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. rIEDEMER AND REDEMED; ŠORŠ The Plan of Redemption through Christ. BY ELDER JAMES WHITE. The plan of salvation, concisely presented as revealed by the Scriptures. Paper covers, forty-eight pates, sent post-paid for ten cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal 