MARCH 12, 1896. SIE,INTUNC_N  1[1,1_4 87 in that it both proposes a religious establish-ment and prohibits the free exercise of relig-ion. It proposes to establish a day of rest and divine worship for one class, and prohibits to all who dissent from this establishment, the free exercise of the God-given right to worship according to their conscientious con-victions. If this bill is enacted into law, the proscribed class will be completely at the mercy of the believers in the established Sun-day, and they may deal with them as they see fit. A Guarantee of Absolute Freedom in Matters of Religion. If the provisions of the Constitution and the First Amendment mean anything to the American people and the world, they are a guarantee of absolute freedom in matters of religion, so long as that freedom does not lead to incivility. The bill under considera-tion is essentially a violation of this principle. It proposes to place in the hands of one re-ligious party the power to determine just how much or how little labor may be performed by another religious party on a day regarded as sacred by the one and not by the other, although the labor or acts are not crimes in themselves. It proposes also to place it within the power of the favored class and the courts to judge of the religious character of the person to be exempted, thus giving to this favored class a complete monopoly in religious matters. A Difference Between Liberty and Toleration. Dr. Schaff, in his book, " Progress of Re-ligious Freedom," wisely says: " There is a wide difference between toleration and liberty. The one is a concession and the other is a right; the one is a matter of expediency and the other is a principle; the one is the gift of man the other the gift of God." In a free country nobody wants to be tolerated for his religious opinions, or sacred convictions. " Toleration is an intermediate state between religious persecution and religious liberty." Religious liberty is founded in the sacredness of conscience, which is the voice of God. Liberty of conscience requires liberty of wor-ship as its manifestation. Toleration Presupposes an Establishment of Religion. An act of toleration always presupposes an establishment of religion by law, and the right of the State to control public worship. Toleration may proceed from necessity or from policy, and may be withdrawn at the will of the State, or when the necessity for it ceases to exist. The American idea is that "all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." ThisŁ is infinitely above the sentiment that prevails in the Old World, and unfortunately finds supporters in the New, that liberty is only for the favored few, all others being proscribed or tolerated according to the liberality of the party in power. There never was a community in which uniformity of religious sentiment existed. False Zeal in Religion. has always led men to seek the power of the State to enforce their opinion upon those holding different views. The State should punish crime by whomsoever committed, but the State has no right to create crime out of that which is laudable in itself, because the act or thing is done on time by some regarded sacred. Since the United Sates declared for abso- lute religious freedom, it has exerted an in-fluence upon all the nations of the earth, and the tendency has been toward that high and exalted principle. But if this greatest of all nations shall relinquish that which above all has made her great, then she will lose her moral power over the nations, and like the states of South America will descend to the level of other Church and State governments. The American System is -a Free Church in a Free State. This is the American solution of the prob-lem of ages. Not one of the governments of the Old World ever rose higher than the the-ory of toleration. De Tocqueville, the French statesman, said of America, "There is no coun-try in the whole world in which the Christian religion retains a greater influence over the souls of men than in America." All this is the result of the fact that religion is free and not forced. " The church needs, and should ask nothing from the state; . . . she commends herself best to the world by at-tending to her proper spiritual duties, and keeping aloof from political and secular com-plications. " " She can only lose by force and violence, she can only gain and succeed by spiritual weapons of truth and love." He is no true friend of his country, who would wish to see the religious freedom guaranteed by the Constitution narrowed in its operations, or who would favor any measure tending to such result. Such were the arguments in substance urged before the committee, and it is believed that they were not without weight and that a ma-jority of the committee is not fayorable to the bill. *** SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safel: attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. PRICES. No. 1. Russia leather, for 2 pens 10c. No. 2. 3 ‚` 15c. No. 3. Sealskin, 2 '' 15c. No. 4. 3 Ci 25c. No. 5. Russia leather, for 4 4f 25c. No. 6. Sealskin, 4 it 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. IS THE PI PAC IN 1--1 0 I' 11-1E, C P By the Rev. Thomas W. Haskins, M. A., Rector Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal. The above is the title of a treatise written by the author, at the request of the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, California, It grew out of a discussion upon the present aspect and aims of The Roman Catholic Church in the United States, the author taking the ground that the rise, progress, present and future condition of the temporal power klown as the Papacy or Vaticanism, Is Outlined in the Prophecies of Holy Scriptures, with sufficient ac. uracy to determine what the " Papacy " is and what is to be its future development and ultimate end. Paper Covers, 25c. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will be Sent Post-paid for $1.00 His Glorious Appearing. An Exposition of Matthew 24. REVISED, ENLARGED, AND ILLUSTRATED. Contains ninety-six pages, with twenty full pageillustrations. The work takes up Christ's great prophecy of his own second coining, and the signs of the times are clearly pointed out in relation to that greatest of all events. JUST THE BOOK FOR THE TIMES. Interesting, Timely, and Instrnciive. Price, attractive board cover, Š . 2 5 With Sentinel, one year, Š $ 1 .1 C THE RIGHTS of the PEOPLE Or Civil Government and Religion 613y Alonzo T. Jones. An Up-to-Date Pamphlet on the Principles of Religious Liberty. This book cannot fail to be of great value to all in the study of the series of S. S. Lessons on Religious Liberty for the last three months of 1895. It was not written to go with these lessons, but it is fortunate and timely that it should be pub-lished at this time. "THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE" contains fifteen chap-ters, the following being a portion of the chapter headings :Š Christianity and the Roman EmpireŠWhat is due to God and What to CiesarŠThe Powers That :BeŠHow the United States Became a Christian NationŠWhat is the Nation 1ŠWho Made the Nation 1ŠReligious Right in the United StatesŠReligious Right InvadedŠThe People's Right of AppealŠNational Precedent on Right of Appeal ŠSunday-law Movement in the Fourth Century and Its Parallel in the NineteenthŠWill the People Assert and Maintain Their RightslŠReligious Rights in the States. In the four appendixes to the book are given the Declaration of IndependenceŠThe Constitution of the United StatesŠThe Dred Scott Decision, and the "Christian Nation" Decision. This is a book of permanent value for.reierence and study and one that all should possess. It contains 384 pages with several illustrations, is issued as No. 32 of the Religious Lib-erty Library, and is bound in paper covers. Price 40 cents. A Finer Edition on laid paper is also ready. It is neatly bound in cloth. Price One Dollar. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. YOUNG WOMAN CULTIVATE YOUR MEMORY.  Procure a set of BIBLE EXERCISE CARDS containing precious texts on the PROMISES OF Gm and RULES FOR THE CHRISTIAN that every Christian should memorize. INTERESTING, INSTRUCTIVE, 25c per set. Address, Wm. WARD SIMPSON, Battle Creek, Mich. PAAFT1110 S OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. 