312 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol,. 5, No. 39. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 2, 1890. NOTE.Š Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL Without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Mayor of Altoona, Pennsylvania, has caused the cigar stores and ice-cream saloons in that city to be closed on Sun-day, and expects to keep them closed. Persons who wish ice cream for Sunday, will have to eat it the day before. ON the 23d ult., the World's Fair Com-mission referred to a committee, a resolu-tion offered by Commissioner Rush Strong, of Tennessee, declaring that, "as a Sabbath-keeping nation, and being desirous of following in the channel of all great American Expositions, the Commission is opposed to opening, or keeping open, the Exposition on Sunday. " This is supposed to mean that definite action on the question will not be taken for two years, or just before the opening of the Fair. THE Truth Seeker thinks that clergy-men should not be disfranchised as they are under the new regime in Brazil. It says :Š It is not right, though it may be expedient con-sidering the character of the clergy and their prone-ness to maneuver for the aggrandizement of the Church. Ministers should be treated the same as other men. . . . Give them freedom and suffrage, treat them as though they were not dependents, and they will come out all right in time. Government should be purely secular, and should give itself not the least con-cern about the religion or religious calling of its subjects. REV. JAMES MCCOSH, D. D., LL. D., ex-President of Princeton College, in discuss- ing the question of the revision of the " Confession of Faith," says :Š There are some ministers and elders who have been speaking very unadvisedly as to revision, and leaving the impression that they are ready to abandon some of the essential truths of religion on which the hopes of Christians depend. They are persons who have not been trained in the severer truths of the Word (we are to " behold both the goodness and severity of God "). A few of them have come from other denominations, where they were not taught the sovereignty of God. The greater number have received their higher training in Germany under professors elected, not by the Church but by the State; in other words, by poli-ticians, and have no fixed faith in the inspiration of Scripture. This is not a very good testimonial to the benefits of State religion, nor to State teaching of religion; but it is fully justi-fied by the facts. Germany has long been  noted for its infidelity ; and, as Dr. McCosh intimates, it is unquestionably due to the fact that its ministers of religion are for the most part tradned in colleges supported by the ' State, and` presided over by men selected, not becAuse of their piety, but through political favoritism. A similar state of affairs would produce like results in this country. FELIX R. BRUNOT, President of the National Reform Association, has issued a Call for a conference on " the Christian principles of civil government," "to be held in Nashville, Tennessee, on, or about, the 15th of February next." The confer-ence should also ' consider the Christian principles of the Golden Rule. A con-scientious study of that matchless Rule, in Nashville, might lead to a repeal of the wicked and oppressive Sunday law which now disgraces the State of Tennessee. SOME time ago the whole plea for the closing of the proposed World's Fair was made on the ground of morals; now the spectacle is presented of ministers and churches uniting as one man to secure-Sunday closing in order that the employes may rest ! It seems just a little strange, however, that the religious element of this country is never concerned about the welfare of the workingman except in the matter of Sunday observance. Can it be that Sunday rest is the only thing to be desired by the toiling masses AT a meeting of the Executive Com-mittee of the National Reform Associa-tion, held in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, September 5, this, among other recom-mendations, ivas adopted :Š That we resume the circulation of petitions to Congress for the Christian amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, and that a hearing,  be secured, if possible, on this subject before the Judiciary Committees of the Senate and House. The Secretary was also instructed to prepare, and forward to both houses of Congress, a memorial praying for a consti-tutional amendment forbidding sectarian instruction in the public schools, but pro-viding that it shall not be so construed as to exclude the use of the Bible in such schools. THE Christian Statesman has an ed-itorial note, which says :Š We have never seen the Hebrew theocracy fully and correctly discussed. Foolish and incorrect ideas on the subject pervade our literature, and are heard continually on the platform, and even in the pulpit. This is quite an acknowledgment. We have long known that National Reform literature was pervaded by foolish and incorrect ideas of a theocracy, but we had scarcely looked for such a frank acknowl-edgment of this fact from the Christian Statesman. What is said of the platform  and pulpit is no doubt equally true; we are well aware that National Reform speakers are very prone to " foolish and incorrect ideas," and not only so, but they have a fondness for parading them before the public. THAT the present demand for Sunday laws is largely to supply a lack on the part of those who profess to revere that day, is shown by the following editorial note in the New York Observer:Š For all this breaking down of Sabbath sentiment the religious people of this country are to blame. It is not the reaction from Puritanism. It is the self-indulgence of nominal Christians that makes them powerless to support by their words and actions the national Sunday. Just so ; " nominal Christians " are so given to self-indulgence that they set a bad example; therefore an appeal is made to civil law to bolster up a tottering mo-rality which, at best, is only skin deep. DR. JOHN HALL, writing from England, to the New York Mail and Express, de-votes considerable space in his letter to the consideration of the agitation of the question of the relations of Church and State, now going on in the Old World, Dr. Hall says To an extraordinary degree the questions of the relations of the Church and State are now occupying the European mind. Not in Great Britain only, but in Germany and other sections in which intel-lectual activity is found, there is, on many grounds, deep dissent from the view of Milton that the Church of Christ is not strong enough to stand un-less buttressed by temporal power and civil resources. In some cases the stir is on the ground of taxation without benefit; in some it is on the ground of tax-ation without representation ; in some it is based on direct dislike to the cause of religion, and in some it is unhappily the outcome of religious discussion. "The Welsh Nonconformist ministers are becoming political preachers," say the clergy who are for establishment. " Well " they reply, " the bishops and rectors have always been political nominees; they have no right to criticise us." Dr. Hall continues for a third of a col-umn to describe the agitation and recrim-ination upon Church and State questions now going on in England. At the present rate of increase in the general attention paid to this subject, how long will it be before the relations of religion and gov-ernment will be the all-absorbing political issue of the world ? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preserva- tion of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights both civil and religious, It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending owards a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. SINGLE COPY, PER YEAR, POST-PAID, . . $1.00. In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, . . . . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. N. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. 