248 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 31. NEW YORK, AUGUST 6, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. To Go to the Supreme Court. THE famous King case, from Obion County, Tennessee, will now go to the Supreme Court of the United States, Judge Hammond, of the United States District Court, having dismissed the habeas corpus proceedings and remanded King to the custody of the sheriff of Obion County, thus sustaining the State Sunday law. King's offense was plowing corn on Sunday, after having observed the seventh day according to the fourth com-mandment. IT is stated that the officials in charge of the Barge Office, the place now used for the landing of immigrants, have de-cided to report favorably to Attorney-General Miller upon the proposition to close the place on Sunday. If this is done it will work quite a hardship upon thousands of steerage passengers. THE Church of England has recently, for the first time since 1832, made a report of its revenues to Parliament. The re-port shows the Established Church to be immensely wealthy. Its annual revenues amount in round numbers to $28,000,000, which, it is remarked, "goes far toward accounting for the great influence which it wields." " IF Nobody Sees You. How to Bathe Conscientiously on Sunday at Ocean Grove," is the heading given by the Sun to the following dispatch :Š Asbury Park, July 26. ŠThe Bible class of the Ocean Grove Camp Meeting Association meets every Sunday afternoon during the summer. It is conducted by the Rev. Dr. John Hanlon. A ques-tion box is one of the features of the meetings. Dr. Hanlon reads the questions and then answers.  them. Dr. Hanlon read and answered questions to-day as follows Question. ŠIs it wrong to bathe on Sunday, if you have no other time ? Dr. Hanlon.ŠTo bathe here, where it is against the rule, would be wrong ; but if you have no other time, and nobody will see you, it's no harm. Question. ŠHow can the ministers advocate Sab-bath observances calling it a day of rest, yet some who will speak to-morrow are now traveling by train and by boat to reach here ? Dr. Hanlon.ŠIf a man cannot preach without traveling on the Sabbath he had better not preach at all. I, for one, do not advocate Sunday travel-ing. Question.ŠIs James A. Bradley consistent when  he tries to stop the sale of cigars and soda by the storekeepers on Sunday, and yet rents lands to a man who sells mineral water on Sunday; also rents his bathing houses and does all he can to increase his profits ? Dr. Hanlon. ŠI am not James A. Bradley's judge; you must take him to a higher court. Another dispatch of the same date pub-lished in the World of July 27, says that notwithstanding Mr. Bradley's announce-ment that he would stop Sunday traffic, business was carried on as usual, and Mr. Bradley's employes rented bathing suits during the early morning hours to all applicants. AT the international session of the Con-gregationalists, recently held in London, Mr. Little, of Dorchester, Massachusetts, read a paper in which he argued that the religious observance of Sunday concerned the highest duties of the State. There seems to be a good deal of talk of late in regard to the benefits the State derives from Sunday observance.. It is all talk, however. There has not, nor can there be, any evidence produced that will show the assertion to be true. Is not the his-tory of the past sufficient to teach us the lesson, that the State can not legislate in favor of religious dogma without great evils resulting from it ? Ł THE proprietor proprietor of the only bath houses at Bay Shore, Long Island, has recently been converted, and has ordered all his bath houses closed all day Sunday. The hotel keepers are highly indignant at this action and threaten to build other bath houses and run the Sunday-keeper out of business. Of course it is their privilege to build other bath houses, but the threat to run any man out of business because he observes Sunday, or any other day, strictly, is unworthy of free men in a free country. The man has a perfect right to clOse his bath houses on Sunday if he sees fit to do so. The spirit of compelling peo-ple either to observe or not to observe Sunday is wholly un-American. THE Philadelphia Record says:Š Connecticut has had a severe attack of Sabba-tarianism, under the influence of which a few of the restless zealots in various cities of the State are making themselves ridiculous and rendering many other people very uncomfortable. In contem-plating these strange retrocessions to the evil days of intolerance the philosophical mind is sometimes led to question whether, after all, the knowledge of and regard for true liberty have increased in New England since the misty years when wicked witches were hanged, and unlucky Quakers' ears were nailed to the town pump. The truth is, this revival of intolerant religious legislation is not confined to Con-necticut. Pennsylvania and Philadelphia are not exempt from the same craze for a legal religion. In the convention of the Sabbath Union just held at Ocean Grove, New Jersey, Lewis K. Vail, a lawyer of Philadelphia, declared the Pennsylvania  Act of 1794 on Sunday observance to be "all right," and gloried in the failure of an attempt in the last Legislature to weaken its force. " The Sunday laws," said he, " must be kept on the statute books and men sent as legislators who will retain them and enact better and stricter if necessary." Dr. Fernley, also, Secretary of the Philadelphia Sabbath Association, wanted to fence in himself and the city of Phil-adelphia, the Record not exceptedŠ" with a ten board fenceŠeach board a com-mandment of the Lord." Such a fence would be a National Reform improve-ment on the chains which once closed Philadelphia streets on Sunday. "A GOOD idea," says the Christian at Work, " may be formed of the rapid growth of the great Protestant movement in Russia when we mention, on the best authority, that four hundred and fifty persons were admitted to church member-ship during 1890 in the two small prov-inces of Cherson and the Taurida. There are no accurate statistics from the other provinces in which the movement has taken root, but we are credibly informed that the total number of new members in 1890 exceeded fourteen hundred. In the first five months of this year, notwith-standing the terrible persecution raging against these brethren, the number of members who have joined exceeds seven hundred. Over two thousand in seven-teen months!" What an illustration have we here of the utter impotence of a State Church! The Orthodox Church, corrupt to the core because of its connection with the State, has lost its hold upon the people who are honestly trying to serve God, and they are leaving its communion in the face of bitter persecution. The only service that any human government can possibly ren-der true religion is to let it alone. MINISTERS and others interested in the Sunday movement at Racine, Wisconsin, are threatening to impeach the mayor of the city because he does not enforce the Sunday laws. The mayor has told them that he will not close the saloon on Sun-day nor stop Sunday baseball, and that they can commence impeachment proceed-ings as soon as they please. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WREIMY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions the preservation of the United States Con i stitution as it s, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75e. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Os. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 