1, Ł 4 IT is strange that professed ambassadors for the Prince of Peace should have so much to say about war. 324 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Twelve Reasons Against Union of Church and State. Marching to Zion.     BY MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. BY JOHN MCCARTHY. 1. BECAUSE Christ himself has drawn the line of de-markation between the two, by teaching us to "Render to Caesar the things which are Cmsar's, and to God the things which are God's." Matt. 22:21. 2. Because such a union proves how weak and pow-erless must be the religion professed by those who seek political power to sustain it by legislation, since they thus make man their stay instead of God. 3. Because when a church unites with the state, and receives governmental support, the church must preach only that which the government may decide, which must naturally be according to the ideas of the majority. 4. Because when the ideas of the majority are ac-cepted as the national religion, the natural-  result of such an illegitimate union must be the enactment of reli-gious laws to strengthen their unlawful position. 5. Because immediately a government discriminates between religions, and would favor one sect more than another, it by so doing poses as a judge of the consciences of the people, and thus would steal the prerogative that appertains to our Eternal Father. 6. Because the inevitable result of enacting religious laws must be religious persecution to those of different views from the majority. 7. Because in so doing the government forfeits the right to demand obedience, since God himself has laid down the line of action to be taken in such a case, record-ing in his holy Book that it is better to obey God than man. Acts 5:29. 8. Because there was never inaugurated a religious persecution, in the whole world's history, in a country where there was no union of church and state. 9. Because the union of church and state instead of promoting true religion, impedes its progress, and germi-nates more religious hypocrites and atheists, than any-thing else can do. 10. Because Christianity can never seek the aid of any earthly power, to advance its teachings, since the Author of the Christian religion when on earth, taught that his kingdom was not of this world. John 18:36. 11. Because the union of church and state is abso-lutely opposed to the fundamental principles advanced by the founders of Protestantism. 12. Because when I seek to enact laws that would intrude upon the religious rights of others, I at once prove that I do not love my neighbor as myself; and should I profess to love God while occupying that posi-tion, the Bible says I am a liar (1 John.4:20, 21); and liars can never enter the kingdom of God. Rev. 21:8. Buenos Aires, Argentina, TurreŠ"Marching Thro' Georgia." RAISE the banner of the Lord, unfurl it everywhere, Cry aloud, 0 watchman brave, His glorious truth declare; See the banner of the foe,Š'tis waving in the air,ŠWhile we are marching to Zion. CHORUS.-0 glory, glory! raise the banner high, We'll fight beneath this ensign till we die; Our weapons are not carnal, for we're marching to the sky,Š Yes, we are marching to Zion. Come, my brother, haste thee; for I hear the battle's din, Wield the Spirit's mighty sword, the Word of God will win; Take the shield of faith against the mighty hosts of sin, While we are marching to Zion. Jesus is our Leader, so our hearts are full of cheer; He will have a kingdom, but His kingdom is not here; Take the helmet of salvation, fight but never fear, While we are marching to Zion. We will win the victory by watching unto prayer; Let us never ask the State, Christ's uniform to wear; Let us conquer souls for Him, and bravely do and dare, While we are marching to Zion. Though through persecution dark and bloody we may wade, Though through dangers wild and fierce the Christian's path is laid, We can hear the Captain cry, "'Tis I, be not afraid," While we are marching to Zion. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. I MUST ask my readers to indulge me if I adopt the method which is often necessary in telling a story and "go back" from the point at which the last installment left us to the August of '74, when at the Chautauqua (N. Y.) Assembly a handful of women, with Mrs. Jennie F. Willing as president, and Mrs. Emily Huntington Miller as secretary of the meeting, organized the National W. C. T. U. and issued a call for a National Convention to be held in November. Miss Frances E. Willard had, for the sake of a princi-ple in government which she could not conscientiously yield, a short time previously resigned her position as Dean of the Woman's Branch of Northwestern Univer-sity at Evanston, Ill., and in so doing had sacrificed largely enough to reveal the heroic truthfulness of her nature. As soon as it became known that she was "foot free" other positions were open to her of sufficient influ-ence and salary to still further demonstrate these same qualities, when, in answer to what she recognized as the call of God, she declined every offer and entered the ranks 