104 AMERICAN SENTINEL. AMERICA has at last a real queen, with jeweled crown and scepter, and all the other appurtenances of royalty. A new royal dynasty has been launched into being, the head of which is to be known as "Queen of the Holland Dames of the New Netherlands." With much pomp and glitter, the coronation ceremonies were conducted on the evening of the 9th inst., in the grand ball room of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. Miss Lavinia Van Westervelt Dempsey is the name which has hitherto designated the new monarch. THE proceedings attending the coronation were very interesting, and were meant to be impressive. "Her Majesty" was seated upon a gilded throne, over which Was a canopy of ermine. Upon the upholstery of the throne was embroidered the coat of arms of Holland. Surrounding the queen were Sir Knights and noble dames and ladies of honor, and numerous pages waited in at-tendance to bear the trains of the royal dresses. Some of the Sir Knights wore costumes said to be fac-similes of those worn in the time of William the Conqueror; and others were dressed to represent the court of Louis XVI. of France. One of the ladies of honor was dressed like Mary Queen of Scots, and displayed a veil and prayer book which she affirmed once belonged to the wife of Oliver Cromwell. As regards uniformity of style, the court costumes were a failure; but much allowance must be made for slight discrepancies in conducting such an undertaking as that of founding a royal dynasty upon American soil; besides, they all represented royalty, and that was the important point. * So now we have a real American royalty; and Amer-ican heiresses need no longer be sent abroad to Acquire 'a royal title; for in the natural order of things there must be in this new dynasty real American princes and prin-cesses, dukes, marquises, counts and what not, and it will only remain for title-loving Americans with money to purchase their titles from the home market which will be available from this time forward. Of course, the highest order of "high society" in America will be the new roy-alty; and the "four hundred" must now step down into second place.  straw showing the direction of the wind, it joins with other things to show the existence and growth of a sen-timent among wealthy and prominent Americans which is directly the opposite of that under the inspiration of which this republic was established. It is one of many indications that with the rise of the money power, thereŁ.  has arisen in this country a sentiment which is contrary to the Declaration of Independence and to the principlesŁ. of free government, and which must be reckoned with as-. a dangerous foe of American liberty. THERE is quite a sentiment prevailing in this coun-try, if we may judge from newspaper statements, in sup-port of the idea that temperance does not mean total) abstinence from what is bad, but that it consists in aŁ  moderate use of such things; the use of them in so mod-erate a way as not to exhibit their harmful properties. For example, true temperance as regards the use of in-toxicants consists, according to this idea, in drinking them to an extent that will be just short of getting drunk. An individual who writes Łupon the subject, and in so doing no doubt voices the sentiments of others, says this; "When we are admonished to be temperate in all things, even in language, I presume it was never intended that we should abstain from talking; and so in our 'meats and drinks.' Pray relieve the mind of- one accustomed to drink wine at table who has heretofore believed that there was virtue in temperance, and still thinks there is but little in prohibition." * Im is true there is such a thing as intemperate speech; but speech is not inherently harmful, and intemperate -speech does not mean much speech, but improper speech. Intoxicants are harmful in and of themselves. The harm-ful property is in the smallest amount of them, no less truly than in the larger quantities; if this were not so, no harm could result from using them freely. It is a fact that moderate drinking does directly lead to "over-in-dulgence" and drunkenness; no one ever begins the use of intoxicants otherwise than "moderately." Must we then conclude that temperance leads to intemperance? The proposition is absurd. No; if "moderate" drinking -were true temperance, it would never lead to drunken-ness. The moderate use of the things which are proper in eating and drinking, never leads an individual to a dishonored grave. This so called "moderation" is a de-lusion and a snare. If people would be really temperate in life, they would never care for the "moderate" use of intoxicants. A taste for such things is a sure evidence that the seeds of intemperance are in the system, only waiting the opportunity to develop and do their deadly work. THERE is a serious significance in all this, however IT is the same with indulgence in any Other form of much one may be impressed with its absurdity. As a evil. The carnal heart continually longs to indulge in 