AMERICAN SENTINEL. 21 every sentinel to do. If what the SENTINEL has said has been in any way instrumental in awakening such an interest, we have our reward. Further, the denial so far made is no more authentic, nor of any more authority, than is the original report published in the Baltimore American. All the people have more reason to-day for believing the truth of the report originally made in the American, and fully dis-cussed in the SENTINEL, than they have for believing the denial that has been made. The original report in the Baltimore American tells what had occurred between Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Ireland and President McKinley. It tells this in such a circumstantial way as to bear in itself the evidence of truth. The denial so far published gives the word of other parties entirely, not one of whom was mentioned in the original report. Archbishop Ireland has not denied it; Cardinal Gibbons has not denied it; and the President has not denied it. When these three or any one of them shall publish a specific denial, it will be ample time for explanations. And even when the time comes for explanations, it will not be the AMERICAN SENTINEL that will have to explain; it will be the Washington Bureau of the Baltimore American. And we say plainly that we do not expect that there will ever be made room for any such explana-tion. With Congress to day there is lodged a long petition composed and signed by Cardinal Gibbons asking for governmental apprOpriations of money to the Catholic Church in the United StatesŠasking indeed for a reopen-ing of the whole question of governmental support of churches in Indian education. And when Cardinal Gib-bons will do this in the face of the whole people of the United States, in behalf of the Catholic Church in the United States; there is nothing at all extravagant in the report that a like arrangement had been considered and agreed upon in behalf of the Catholic Church in Cuba, where it can be done by the local machinery with-out any action of Congress. We shall not print in the SENTINEL the Cardinal's petition, as we did the report of the Baltimore American; but for the benefit of the skep-tics we will state that the Cardinal's petition is printed in full in the Catholic Mirror (also printed in Baltimore), of December 17, 1898. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is not an alarmist in these things. We know that there is an immense combination of the religious elements in the United States to get con-trol of governmental power and patronage. We know that there is an intense rivalry between the Protestant and Catholic elements of this combination, for the lead. It is our duty as lovers of the principles upon which this nation was fOunded, and as well wishers for the best interests both civil and religious of our fellowmen, to call attention to everything that occurs which is sug-gestive of governmental favor to churches, whether Protestant or Catholic, or both in combination, under the delusive phrase of "broad general Christianity." All this is why we did what we did in the matter; and in doing what we did, we did just right. And we are waiting for the next thing to occur to give us another chance. A. T. J. Unconstitutional Character of Sunday Legislation. Speech delivered by Judge .4.rthlir, late of the Supreme Court of 'Washing-ton, at a trial for violation of the Sunday law, at Centerville, Md. (Concluded.) In dealing with this subject the courts should keep steadily in mind as a limitation upon their authority,' that fundamental maxim of both the common and civil law, viz., that "That rule of conduct is to be deemed bind-ing which religion dictates." Mr. Broom in his work on Legal Maxims, citing from the classics of the law, says: "It May, however, safely be affirmed that, if ever the laws of God and man are at variance, the former are to be obeyed in derogation of the latter: that the law of God is under all circumstances superior in obligation to that of man: and that conse-quently, if any general custom were opposed to the divine law, or, if any statute were passed directly contrary thereto, such a custom or such an act would be void." Also, "Neither are positive laws, even in matters seem-ingly indifferent, any further binding than they are agree-able with the laws of God and Nature." This last quo-tation from Fonblangue's Equity is particularly appli-cable to this class of cases; for the claim is made and strenuously argued that it is a matter of indifference which day of the week is observed as the Sabbath, so it is one of the seven. We do not want to be understood as admitting this proposition, but on the contrary, insist that the seventh and last day of the week, and no other, is the Sabbath of the Bible beyond any possi-bility of successful contradiction. But for the sake of the argument, admitting that it is a matter of indiffer-ence, we have the high legal authority last cited to sus-tain the contention that even in that case positive laws. relating to that subject are binding only so far as they are agreeable to the law of God. What is the divine law in any given case is not wholly the province of the court to decide. Personal conscientious conviction being the chief essentials of religious faith and practice, it necessa-rily follows that each person for himself or herself must be largely and chiefly the judge of what is the divine law of binding force in each individual case, governed in the matter of practice by the principles heretofore laid down. But we find that this just and universally-recognized ,maxim of both the common and civil law and the princi-ples which underlie it did not originate with either of them, but antedates both by many centuries. It is always a safe rule to go to the sacred Scriptures for the verification of a principle whether in the domain of the law or any other field of human thought and ac-tion, for if true it will surely there be found exemplified-All true principles of law are of divine origin, and when 