Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisinstii opposed to anything  tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. no. 13,01c SNGmtY Library m—r., the firming  or the flattops G) The Significance of the Present Activity AMERICAN SENTINEL. 561 The firmament will be as bright as lightning from east to west. King Jesus will come to claim his own, to rout the usurper, and to scatter his armies. The black banner will go down. Satan will be cast into prison with his angels, while all the servants of Christ, held now in the dungeons of death, will come forth to shout an everlast-ing triumph. Glorious and immortal, saints and mar-tyrs will ascend with angels to the courts of God, to judge the wicked prisoners of earth, and decide their doom. "When they are brought forth at the end of the thousand years, it will be to meet the Face of love from which they fain would hide. In sight of the heavenly city, they will sink into nothingness before God, and sin and sinners be no more. 0, Charlie, the celebration of a nation over an earthly victory, cannot be compared to the celebration that will be held in God's universe over the fall of evil and the everlasting triumph of love. So, dear, let us gird on the armor of light, and go forth to fight for yet a little while under the banner of Prince Im- manuel." F. B. A SURE THING. IF everything else has failed to cure your CATARRH try a SIMPLICITY VAPORIZOR. Guaran-teed to relieve the worst case the first treatment. If it doesn't, money refunded. Sample sent to agents with medicine, postpaid, on receipt of $1.50. Alfred Mallett, 39 Bond St., New York. Send for circulars and directions. THE ORM OF THE ITIONS, The Prospectus for " The Desire of Ages " is Now Ready. " THE Desire of Ages " is the title of a forthcoming volume by Mrs. E. G. White. It is intensely interesting and beautifully illustrated, and is devoted to the con-sideration of the great truth that in Christ the love of the Father is revealedŠthat "God was in Christ recon-ciling the world unto himself." Although the complete book will not be ready until about October 15th, the Prospectus has been issued thus early to enable our agents to make a Fall delivery. Our Tract Societies will handle this book in their respective States, therefore all orders for Prospectuses, price of which is $1.25 postpaid, and correspondence concerning terms and territory, should be addressed to them. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., Publishers. ENE ENPIliES OF THE BIBLE PROM THE TIME OF THE FLOOD TO THE BABYLONIAN CAPTIVITY. By ALONZO T. JONES. Recent research in Babylon and Egypt has brought to light many valu-able historical records that were inscribed in stone by the very men living in those ancient times. These records and the Bible history of the same time are woven together in one connected story. Another important feature of the book is the tracing in a series of twenty-one maps, the course of those empires. The design of the book is unique, and every student either of Bible _or history will find it invaluable. 410 Pages. Cloth, Post-paid, $1.50. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York, Personal checks are not desired. a. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. t. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. H paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. An illustrated pamphlet, showing some of the mod-ern appliances for war which are now in actual service, with descriptions of the same. It gives a ta-ble showing the strength of the armies and navies of Europe. VERY INTERESTING. Second Edition. Eighteenth Thousand Now Ready, Price, 10 cts. each; $5.00 per hundred. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00 It Six months, .50 64 64 Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 