212 AMERICAN SENTINEL. these two that you have to choose, and my fear is, in the first place, that you will not get an accurate return of the boxes there are, because everybody who return's the existence of a box returns a confession that he has broken the law. You will not get people to do that; they will simply put your circular in the fire. And be-yond that you will be giving a vicious stimulus to a, cer-tain mistaken spirit of religious courage which will most undoubtedly, and I think unfortunately, induce a more extended practice of the evil which you so justly depre-cate. "I greatly fear that if men wish to confess to men orŠperhaps I should put it more accuratelyŠif women wish to confess to men, all the power this Parliament possesses will not avail seriously to arrest the process. The power of arresting it lies with the organization over which the xight reverend prelates preside. It is for them to teach their flocksŠthey cannot do it too earnestly and too oftenŠthe evils which may attend habitual and systematic secret confession. But let us be careful lest we hinder their work, and prevent them from doing that which it is their proper charge to carry out, by bringing in the arm of the flesh which never yet beat down a reli-gious error, and has often made the evil worse than before." Lord Salisbury recognizes that it is the work of the church to attend to matters of religion, and that the "arm of flesh" never yet mended matters. If the church is corrupt and powerless for good, it is only by reason of its unlawful connection with the world, and the first step in reform must be a separation from this entangling and corrupting alliance. If the church neglects its work, the State cannot take it up. It should not be necessary for a statesman to remind the church of this truth. A merely political disestablishment will not suffice to correct the evil. The forbidden connection with the State arises out of a lack of faith in the power of the Word, and a sinful yielding to worldly influences. The friendship of the world is enmity with God (James 4:4), and the duty of every believer in the church is to repent and do the first works, not trusting in the arm of flesh, but returning to his first love. Rev. 2:4, 5. Christ loved the church and gave himself for it, and the church which loyally recognizes its obligation to its Lord will, forsak- ing all other, cleave only to him, content with the riches and the power which he bestows. IT is stated on good authority that by laws recently passed in South Carolina, Mississippi, and Louisiana, "of seven hundred and fifty thousand voters the suffrage now extends to only about one hundred and seventy-five thousand. If their representatives in Congress were re-duced accordingly, South Carolina would have two, or at most three, instead of seven, Mississippi would fall from seven to two or three, and Louisiana to two." In Alabama and North Carolina similar restrictions have been passed and will soon be in operation. The object of these measures, of course, is the disfranchisement of negro voters. The Holding of the Winds. (RE-v. 7:1.) RELIGION, POLITICS, TRADE, PASSION. BY T. R. WILLIAMSON. FOUR potencies, in might, rule all our race, And furnish motives for each act and thought; While Heaven restrains they move in measured pace, And for man's service good by them is brought. They're servitors to grace. But when no more God's grace shall bind them fast, When holy Angels interpose no more To stay their raging, when love's day is past For all rebellion, then on every shore They'll rush in ruin, vast. Religion is God's service if 'tis pure; Its influence, mild, breathes o'er Earth's busy marts, Where Fame's loud trump and Fashion's gems allure, Or where, in gloom and squalor, burdened hearts Wish for a sunlit shore. It gives its benison of hope and cheer To criminals and lepers, all who cower 'Neath Satan's loathsome scepter. Visions clear Of manhood, social brotherhood, and power. Enrapture eye and ear. But if faith's just a name, its influence then, Like lying teaching, like a toxic drink, Unsettles more the inquiring minds of men, And leads them, stumbling, to the fateful brink Of error's quicksand fen. Then not God's love but power of Satan's will, That quarreling, scheming, smirking, lying force That is named politics, Earth's maze of ill, Twines with Religion, and in downward course Each leads the other still. With these two winds of strength that whirl and blow O'er hosts of battle, throngs at peaceful toil, There joins another gale, and alt below Bend to its sweep, on sea or fertile soil. The clouds its fire-hues show. Trade is it named; age long its hammers ring; Its printed scrolls fly thick as Autumn leaves; Its babel tongues, world-wide, are jargoning;.  From king to clown it claims mankind as slaves. All waves its tributes bring. There's yet one more that with the three conjoins, That upward sometimes, sometimes downward strives; That roars in fury, coos in Love's soft lines; That rends or weaves, or strikes or soothes all lives; That sunders all or binds. And this is Passion. All the fervent fire Of human souls, since human-kind began; It wields in lordliness, o'er son and sire, O'er babe and mother, o'er the mass or man, And to all hights aspires. These potents four are dominant and dire, And Satan uses them in projects dark, With zeal, and force, and speed, that never tire, Nor limit checks, save when a hindering mark God sets 'gainst Satan's ire. 