'FEB. 9, 1893. AmEn,x CAN' V,NrrIlINEre., 45 the Sabbath a religious. Can the State rightly pass laws compelling men to rest on the Sabbath ? Or can it be rightly argued that because the State can not exist without moral instruction, there- fore, laws must be passed to make men religious, and to compel them to rest on Sunday? Religion is a matter between man and his God, and not between man and the State. Jesus taught this when he was on earth, in the injunction, " Render unto Csesar the things which. are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Were not the apostles justified when they were brought before the rulers and refused to stop preaching Christ and him crucified when commanded to do so? Or the three Hebrews, years before that, when they refused to worship the image which Nebuchadnezzar had set up? If not, why did God deliver them from the burning fiery furnace? Would he have delivered them had they been doing wrong, something contrary to, his will? Has God changed since then? Because man has set up a day in opposition to His Sabbath, and made a law compelling men to worship on that day and rest upon that day, and some refuse to obey, does God say it is right now to forsake his com-mandments and obey man any more than he did years ago?ŠI think not, for he is unchangeable. It would be just as wrong to keep both the first and the seventh day, as it would have been for the three Hebrews to have formally worshiped- the image of Nebu-chadnezzar. The Adventists in Tennes-see, as well as elsewhere, have a perfect right to work on Sunday so long as it does not interfere with the peace of others, and they are justified in the sight of Gosl in doing so. Sunday is not the Sabbath, and there-fore if men choose to keep the seventh day and work on the first, they have a perfect right to do so. No man can, of right, compel them to rest on the first 'lay as well as the seventh. Or even if Sun-day were the Sabbath, the State would have no right to say that all must rest on that day because the Decalogue says so. As soon as the State interferes in such matters, persecution begins. It always has been so; it always will be so. It was that which brought about the persecution in the Dark Ages, when millions of mar-tyrs were slain in all the cruelest ways that could be invented. It was that which brought about the Inquisition; and that same thing will come again if the State interferes in such matters, because human nature is the same now as then. The Guide says: " It is better for a few Adventists to suffer than for the whole State to break to pieces by the complete desecration of the day." If this is true, then it was right for Caiaphas to say,when Christ was on the earth : It is expedient for us that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not. Ł But it is no wonder that the same thing should be said of the followers of Christ, for we find him saying in John 15: 20, " If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you." Has the Guide an appropriate name ? Apostolic! Did the apostles teach such things as this paper teaches? Would not a better, a more appropriate name, be " Pharisaic Guide ? ' The apostles en-treated men to turn to the Lord. They did not use force. If the whole Nation were compelled by civil law to serve God,  there would not be one more true Chris-tian than there is now. The State would have all its time taken up in punishing men, but it would make them no better; they would still do evil, for they could not help it. They are evil by nature and nothing short of the Spirit of God can change that nature. Why is it that men can not see this, and use the means that Christ and his apostles used, to bring men to God ? It would be better to have a few Christians, than to have a whole Nation of hypocrites, for that is what a State-bolstered religion would make. A. MALLETT. A Blow at the Freedom of the Press. UNDER the Constitution of the United States, as lately construed by the Supreme Court, Congress possesses the same des-potic power of the intellectual contents of all communications, written or printed, open or under seal, which pass through the mail, that was exercised at the and of the middle ages in Europe. In the judgment lately rendered in the freedom-of-the-press cases (In re Rapier, In re Dupre, 143 U. S., 110-135), the first in which the rights of the press under the Federal Constitution were ever presented for adjudication, it was held that the lim-itation in the First Amendment, which expressly provides that " Congress shall make no law . . . abridging the free-dom of speech or of the press," does not restrain the autocratic power of that body to look into the contents of all documents passing through the mail, and to exclude all, when the ideas which they seek to disseminate are "condemned by its judg-ment." The Federal Government has the right "to refuse the facilities for the dis-tribution of matter deemed injurious by Congress to public morals ;" it may decline "to become an agent in the circulation of printed matter which it regards as injuri-ous to the people." Congress may refuse "to assist in the dissemination of matters condemned by its judgment, through the governmental agencies which it controls." It is thus clearly and curtly declared that Congress may exclude from the mail every document, public or private, polit-ical, religious, or social, whenever the ideas or principles which it seeks to dis-seminate are " condemned by its judg-ment," "as injurious to the people." The only restriction that rests upon this new-born despotism is that Congress can not " prevent the transportation in other ways, as merchandise, of matter which it excludes from the mails." The court holds that the Constitution guarantees to the people no right whatever to dissem-inate their ideas through the only agency which Congress controls. It is one of the most remarkable episodes in our judicial history. In the Constitutional Convention of 1787 no special limitation for guarding freedom of speech and of the press was inserted in the Constitution, simply because it was by the majority deemed unnecessary. But as soon as it was settled that amendments embodying a bill of rights were to be added, five States proposed, in as many different forms, the suggestion out of which grew the clause of the First Amend-ment, which expressly forbids Congress, by name, from making any law "abridg-ing the freedom of speech or of the press." Thus was this vital provision set in the forefront of our national bill of rights. The meaning of this provision, was then  known to all men, even to the judges. It was understood as denying to Congress that kind of political censorship which had passed away from the Crown and the Parliament of England a century before; as denying to the judges that kind of judicial censorship which Mansfield had vainly struggled to uphold ; and as a guarantee to every American citizen, so far as the Federal Government was con-cerned, of the right to speak or write what he pleased, subject only to the censorial power which resides in juries alone. . . . If the decision lately made by the Su-preme CourtŠto the effect that all com-munications may be arbitrarily excluded from the mail when the ideas they em-brace are " deemed injurious by Congress to the public morals "Šbe a sound one, then at its next session Congress may amend the act against immoral literature by incorporating into it a black list of all the books and papers which have passed under the ban of its censorial judgment, and this may include the New Testament alongside of the works of Voltaire.ŠNorth American Review. Should This Nation Be Baptized? IT has been decided by the Supreme Court of the United States that " this is a Christian Nation." But the decision does not alter the facts in the case as to the religious status of the country. To be a Christian is to be Christ-likeŠ" If any man have not the Spirit of Christ he is none of his." Rom. 8:.9. If this Na-tion, then, is not led and controlled in its corporate capacity by the Spirit of Christ it is not Christian except by a hypocriti-cal profession. Christ thus commands his followers : " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. He that be-lieveth and is baptized shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be damned." Mark 16 :15,16. A theoretical belief is not what is here contemplated (even devils can exercise that, Jas. 2:19), but a belief that will ap-propriate Jesus as a Saviour from sin. See Matt. 1 : 21. Has this Nation done that? Then it ought to be baptized; for "he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." But how shall the rite be ad-ministered to the Nation, and by whom? and what shall constitute the baptismal font ? Suppose the Nation has only a theoretical belief, and refuses to be bap-tized? Then it would be a, hypocrite, and would suffer the fate of the unbeliever. What fitness would such a nation pos-sess to make religious laws; and enforce them by the lash of civil process ? It would be as Satan undertaking to govern the church of Christ. What right has any earthly nation to make and enforce religious laws ? God has framed all the laws, and established all the usages nec-essary to govern his people, even in this world, and he is able without human in-terference to enforce them. Millions of people in this country make no profession of Christianity at all; and, according to Christ's own teaching, only a small minority of those who do so pro-fess are recognized by him as his own. See Matt. 7: 13, 14; and Luke 13: 23-27. But the Supreme Court of the United States has, unwittingly perhaps, under-taken to reverse the decision of the Son of God. The Government has no more right to 