JANUAltY 25, 1804. trillVTINVAL, 29 worship. Under one name or another, and represented by different symbols, the sun was worshiped by all the heathen nations of antiquity; and as this worship took the lead, the day devoted to this worshipŠSun's day, or SundayŠwas a special day in the heathen calendar; and there is a reason for all this. It is said of God that he " only hath immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto." And again; " Bless the Lord, 0 my soul. 0 Lord my God, thou art very great; thou art clothed with honor and majesty. Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment." Ps. 104: 1-2. LightŠan outward repre-sentation as it were, of God in Jesus Christ Šlight was created on the first day of the week. "And God said, Let there be light; and there was light, . . . and the evening and the morning wore the first day." Gen. 1 : 3, 5. And so men's minds were turned away from God, who dwells in light and who covers himself with light as with a gar-ment, to the light, and the light bearer, and were led to worship the sun. We have traces of this all through the Scrip-tures. " If I beheld the sun when it shined, or the moon walking in bright-ness : and my heart bath been secretly enticed, or my mouth bath kissed my hand; this also were an iniquity to be punished by the Judge; for I should have denied the God that is above." Job. 31 : 26-28. The manner of worship was to salute the images of the sun by kissing the hand; and Job, as the proof of his loyalty to the true God, appeals to the fact that he never worshiped either the sun or the moon. When the children of Israel were deliv-ered from Egypt, and were on their way to the promised land, they were instructed, above all things, to have nothing to do with this form of idolatry. " Take heed to thyself, lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land whither thou goest, lest it be for a snare in the midst of thee; but ye shall destroy their altars, break their images, and cut down their groves; for thou shalt worship no other god ; for the Lord, whose name is Jealous, is a jealous God." Ex. 34:12-14. The " groves," or " Asherim," as they are called in the Revised Version, were sun images, lofty pillars of any material. So universal was this worship, that when the children of Israel were on their way to Jerusalem, to the annual feasts, as they passed by, they would see upon the hills these groves, indicating sun-worship, and they sang this psalm on the way : " Shall I lift up mine eyes to the hills ? whence should my help come ? " Then came the answer: " My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth." Ps. 121: 1, 2 (margin). How thoroughly this idea of sun-worship was in-wrought into every-thing ! And the reason is clear. Shall I lift up my eyes to the hills ? that is, shall I engage in idolatry, sun-worship ? From whence cometh my help ? My help does not come from any such source as that. Those are the false gods. My help cometh from the Lord who made the heaven and the earth, that is, the Creator; and the Sabbath all the time was the sign to them of that Creator and his power to save, as opposed to any power that might be claimed for the false gods which did not make the heaven and the earth. The sun was worshiped toward the east, and so worshiping toward the east was the greatest abomination. We have reference to this in the eighth chapter of Ezekiel.  After showing to the prophet a variety of abominations that had come into the wor-ship, on the part of the children of Israel who had departed from the true God, we read in the fifteenth and sixteenth verses: " Then said ho unto me, Hast thou seen this, 0 Son of man ? turn thee yet again, and thou shalt see greater abominations than these. And he brought me into the inner court of the Lord's house, and be-hold, at the door of the temple of the Lord, between the porch and the alter, were about five and twenty men, with their backs toward the temple of the Lord, and their faces toward the east; and they wor-shiped the sun toward the east." And that was the climax of all the abomina-tions that the prophet was shown. So particular was God to guard his people against even the semblance of sun-worship that he ordered his tabernacle to be pitched with the door toward the east; then, when they came into the temple of God, as the door was open toward the east, they turned their backs on the sun and turned their faces toward the true God. They turned their backs on the sun and sun-worship, and they looked to the Lord. That was his invitation : " Look unto me and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth, for I am God, and there is none else." But when they worshiped toward the east, they turned their backs upon the law of God in his temple, in his tabernacle; they then cast the law of God behind their backs. So, every time we turn away from the true Sabbath, we turn our backs upon the law of God, and our faces toward the false gods. (To be continued. ) Romanism in the Public Schools. WHILE others have been talking of di-viding the public school funds, the Roman Catholics of Subdistrict No. 1, Marion Township, Mercer County, Ohio, have seized the school and devoted it to the sectarian ends of that church. The fact that the law is dead against them seems to have been ignored for fifteen years, during which time Catholic Readers, Catholic Church History, and the Catholic Catechism have been taught by teachers paid by public money. For many years the local priest has had charge for a quarter of every Thursday, and exercised and reviewed the school exactly as though it had been Catholic. Moreover, it has been regularly dismissed on every Catholic holiday. All this, and more, has been brought out by the official report of In-spector D. F. Daniels to State School Commissioner Carson. The report con-cludes :Š After a careful investigation I believe the charges laid against the management of said district are true; that a considerable portion of the money expended for tuition has been misapplied as alleged; that abuses exist in said district that call for immediate correction ; that the real welfare of the children, irrespective of sectarian affiliation, requires a complete divorce of church and school, and a rigid enforcement of the same laws to which the people elsewhere accord a ready obedience. Isn't it a shame to interfere with them ? Of course. Methodists, or Baptists, or any Protestant or Jewish sect, would not be suffered to use the public schools to prop-agate their faith. But then their faith is heresy. Heretics have no rights. More-over, Satolli says that " the Catholic edu-cation is the surest safeguard .of the per-manence throughout the centuries of the  Constitution, and the best guide to the Republic in civil progress." Of course Satolli knows. Why not, then, turn over to him the whole system of public instruc-tion ? Otherwise the Constitution will not be " permanent throughout the cen-turies," and the Republic will lack " the best guide in civil progress." For does not Satolli also say : " The more public opinion and the Government will favor the Catholic schools, more and more will the welfare of the commonwealth be ad-vanced " ? Such being the case, we sub-mit that Subdistrict No. 1 should be ap-proved and not censured; and Inspector Daniels should be bastinadoed ! Incor-rigible heretic! Moreover, how unreason-able to compel Satolli, Cardinal Gibbons, and the Catholics generally, to resort to the slow process of circulating petitions throughout Maryland to secure from the reluctant legislature a division of the school funds, which process has already been extended to New York, and will be, it is said, to all the States! Rather should a spontaneous impulse seize the breasts of all in authority to make over the schools to Rome, and set the seal of ever-lasting and most loyal submission by kissing the pope's great toe !Š Western Christian Advocate. Civil Law Cannot Save Sunday. REv. DR. J. H. KNOWLES, in Mail and Express (New York), says:Š The present is an age of intense social agitation, a time when all divinely ordained institutions are tested even to their very foundations. The holy Sabbath, especially, is in imminent danger. Many who bear the Christian name have admitted the secular spirit into the home and church on the Lord's day; some have suffered habits of self-indulgence to impoverish their religious nature ; in some cases the excitements of worldly pleasure dissipate serious thought ; while in not a few God's blessed Word is no longer relished on the Sabbath on account of the preoccupancy of the modern Sunday paper. We may well ask, What is the right basis of action in attempting to remedy these evils ? Shall we fly to civil law and plead for protection against Sabbath evasion ? Shall we seize human weapons ? Do we hope to stein this mighty current by human skill and force ? The holy Sabbath rests upon moral, not upon mere positive, injunction. All moral injunctions are to be regarded by us as perpetually binding; as accompanied by penalties whenever disregarded; as accordant with reason, and as answering to that mental and physical constitution which God has given to man. We may, therefore, despair of finding relief in any method which overlooks the moral. Force is power-less. More than this. Human force, however, helpful and necessary in certain exigencies, may provoke needless hostility and precipitate evil results when-ever moral questions are denied their moral basis. The SabbathŠGod's designated day for holy rest and worshipŠis to be upheld by assigning moral reasons, by seeking through divinely wrought convictions to preserve its sanctity, and not by the authority of civil statutes. It is not enough to rely on " moral " forces unless the term.is made to include, as the only basis of success, religious con-science. It would seem as though men like Dr. Knowles would see the utter hopelessness of the efforts to secure re-form by law, however devoutly they may believe in Sunday. The Sabbath, the Sabbath idea and Sabbath-keeping must rest on God's Word and the divine law. Anything less is " sinking sand." Every effort to accomplish the observance of Sunday, or of any other day, as a Sab-bath by civil law, sinks it deeper in the mire of holidayism. If the Bible plainly upholds Sunday, the issue can be trusted by that standard. If it does notŠas it certainly does notŠall other efforts only cultivate disaster.ŠSabbath Outlook. 