484 AMERICAN SENTINEL. with the religious views of one person, it cannot be properly joined with the views of two or more persons. A non-religious state does not mean an anti-religious state; for as we have seen, it is always a religious state that employs its force against religion. The non-religious or purely secular state simply interferes with no religion, but leaves all religions free to stand on their own merits, to survive or perish as the case may be. All false religions ought to perish, and the true religion, being imbued with the life and the power of God, cannot fail. Religion and the state, therefore, must be kept wholly separated in order that both may fulfill their proper mission in the world. 11.  MY kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews; but now is my king-dom not from hence.ŠJesus Christ. Law as a Remedy for Bad Society. THERE are many good people who, as they note the indications that things are going to the bad in society and in politics, feel it their duty to raise a cry of alarm and call for vigorous legislation to stay the advancing tide of evil. And it is quite proper that they should sound an alarm; that much is perfectly scriptural. But what is to be gained by an appeal to legislation? How good can society be made by the power of human law? The fountain of all this evil is in the heart, where no human law can touch it. "An evil man out of the evil-treasure of his heart bringeth forth evil things." "From within, out of the heart of man, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders, thefts, cov-etousness, wickedness, deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, foolishness. All these things come from within, and defile the man." What would human society be with all these things,  or even a pArt of them, in the hearts of the people, unre-pressed by any power save that of the law of the land? Human society would simply be unendurable; it would be utterly bad. The society of the beasts of the forest would be far preferable. In antediluvian days the whole earth became so wicked that it had to be destroyed by a flood; and that wickedness is described by the statement that "every imagination of the thoughts of his [man's) heart was only evil continually." But how much can legislation do to suppress the imaginations of the heart? And if it can do nothing to root out these, how much .can it do -toward preventing the earth from becoming even as wicked as it was in the days of Noah? The only law that touches the thoughts of the heart is the law of GOd; the only power that cleanses the heart  is the power of divine grace, exercised through faith. When the tide of moral evil is rising in the land, good people should double their zeal in holding up and calling the people to the one great remedy. To spend time and strength in efforts to stop the flood by legislation, is worse than useless. "And behold, one of them which were with Jesus stretched out his hand, and drew his sword, and struck a servant of the high priest, and smote off his ear. Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword. Thinkest thou that I cannot now pray to my Father, and he shall presently give me more than twelve legions of angels?" Civil Government Enforcing God's Law. THE purpose of all human law is not to enforce what is right, but to enforce rights. God's law commands what is right; 'and it seems, at first thought, that the laws of men should do the same. It is often said that we must have laws which will en-force the laws of God. Many have the idea that unless the ten commandments were "backed up" by the laws of the land, society would lapse into chaos, and govern-ment would go to ruin. But as a matter of fact, the law of the land does not enforce the law of God in any case. In the first place, it cannot do so, for the divine law prohibits wicked thoughts as well as wicked acts. It prohibits covetous. ness as well as murder. It prohibits hatred of men, and the love of evil. It commands love to God and to man. And in the second place, it would be suicidal for the state to attempt to enforce God's law. Why?ŠBecause that law prohibits  sin, under the penalty of death. And as all men are sinners, there would remain only the death penalty to be enforced upon all by the state. The state would thus extermi-nate itself. There is a large religious party in this country which is laboring to "put God into the Constitution" and in-corporate his law into the law of the state. They are trying to get Congress and the legislatures to remodel the Government on this basis; and if they could succeed they would be ready to run the Government on this Christian (as they call it) plan. But where would they begin executing the penalty of violation of God's law? Would they begin on themselves? or on others? Evi_ dently, they would begin on the dissenters, and would never reach themselires. History tells us it has always been this way in the past, and there is no reason to sup_ pose it would be different now. Of course, it would be bad enough if they should be consistent enough to begin at home; for the purpose of the gospel is to save man 