700 THE SENT1N1.., OF LIT3ERTY. the spreading and popular reading of the Bible, makes much of the fact that there were in Germany, for example, versions of the Bible before Luther's translation. It has never occurred to any one to deny this historical fact. Between the years 1466 and 1522 there were printed in Germany as many, as seventeen translations of the Bible into the vernac-ular. But the circulation was very limited for various reasons, prominent among which were the facts that the work of translation was so bunglingly 'done as to make.the text well nigh unintelligible; and that the versions, made from the Vulgate, were replete with errors. Not until he was twenty years old, in 1507, did Luther, born of faithful church mem-bers, a diligent student and investigator, see a com-plete copy of the Bible. When, in 1522, he published his translation of the New Testament, the first edition of 3,000 was sold, at a comparatively high price, in the first three months. Afterwards edition after edition of the whole Bible was issued, and one hun-dred thousand copies, or more, were sold in forty years. Do these facts seem to bear out De Costa's statements about an " unchained " Bible, and that in " 1507 small and cheap pocket editions were in cir-culation "? That Luther's translation was largely plagiarized from, prior versions is one of those flings in the face of history and fact of which no one but a RomanistŠpreferably a newly converted oneŠcould make himself guilty, and is altogether in line with the statement that inŁ the " King James Version the Word of God was deliberately mutilitated." The translations of the Bible into the vernacular in the Middle Ages prior to the Reformation, were due largely, if not exclusively; to the dawning knowl-edge of the corruption and errors of the Papacy. Time and again men arose who saw more or less clearly the anti-Christian character of the Pope and his doctrine, and they sought for weapons in the Scriptures, as far as these were accessible. True, these translations fell far short of what they should have been, but they were far better than nothing and their effects were such as to rouse the murderous fury of the Romanists, who sought to root out these versions with fire and sword, and to offset them with translations from papistic sources. Since the Refor-mation the Romish Church has been largely on the defensive, and has been obliged to do, especially here in our country, what she would never think of doing in her day of uncontested-supremacy.. What-ever measure of encouragement and freedom for the  study of the is given to Romanists here or else- where, is due largely to the spirit of the Reformation and the power with which God crowned this His work. Even for the folloWers of the Pope the Bible has been loosed from chains by the hand of God working through Martin Luther. News, Notes . . . and Comment THE Defender, the organ of the " New England Sabbath Protective League," notes in its November number that." the Synod of New York, which em-braces all New England, took a decided position at its annual meeting with reference to Sunday closing at the Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo. The clergymen and laymen making up that influential body," says the Defender," were unanimous in their expression of opinion and their vote against Sunday opening." The Defender adds that " a committee of prominent business men of Buffalo was appointed by the Synod to further the movement for Sunday closing." " It will be a national disgrace," asserts the Defender," if this great exposition, which will receive help from the United States Government, shall disregard the fundamental principles and prac-tices of our national life." We would be pleased to be informed how long since Sunday observance be-came one of the " fundamental principles of our national life." ePt "'WE' shall be pleased," says the organ of the "New England Sabbath Protective League," "to come into contact with all friends of the Lord's day in New England who- believe that- there are abuses Which can be and should be remedied." We are not in New England, but we can point out one abuse that should be remedied; namely, the one very com-mon in many places of invoking the civil law to -compel all the people to keep Sunday simply be-cause some of the people believe that keeping that day is a religious duty. <Pt IT was openly charged at the time of the great railroad strike in this city in 1894 that the burning of freight cars Was not the work of the mob, but. that 