AMERICAN SENTINEL. 489 THE Law and Order League of Columbus, Ohio, have been making a fight to remove from office the director of public safety, because he would not close up a theater in one of the city parks on Sundays. Recently the League gave out a statement that should a successor in this office be appointed, they would not dictate to him, but that a "committee of prominent business men" would be ready to consult with the mayor regarding the choice that he shall make in the matter. If the League can dictate this choice, they will not need to do any dic-tating afterwards. A PROMINENT European journal, a representative of which had succeeded in getting an interview with Admiral Dewey in Vienna, published the following answer made by the admiral to the question as to what he expected would develop from the Peace Congress at The Hague:Š "Who is to disarm first? The experiment was tried in the United States, and look what it cost us to get ready in time, and how we had to fear the issue. We now think differently, and are building forty men-of-war. We shall not be taken by surprise and found un-prepared again; and it is hard to believe, in view of our terrific exertions, that the other Powers will abandon the advantage of their armaments and give them up." * "THERE is good reason for believing," says the Rome correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph, "that the pope will shortly make another solemn protest against the position of the Vatican in Italy." The pope feels that he was grossly slighted in being shut out from rep-resentation at the Peace Congress, and wants to con-vince the Powers and the world in general that his exclu-sion was a great mistake. If the pope is really, as he claims to be, the vicar of the Prince of Peace, he can have no possible use for an army; and to have been rep-resented at the Congress of armed potentates, would only have constituted a visible demonstration that the Prince of Peace and his alleged vicar are strangers to each other. THE following instructive item is from the Union Signal, of August 3: "The Filipinos, says Mr. F. R. Rob-erson, who has recently returned from the Philippines, have a horror of intoxicating beverages, and would not  allow the sale of them in their towns. Yet the United States Government permitted its soldiers to get credit at the canteens for an amount equal to one-half of their month's pay before it was due. And Manila was filled with rum shops soon after our men got possession. An American was asked by a cultured native, 'Is this the civilization you bring?' and he could only maintain a humiliated silence." "SOME time ago a Catholic priest of Chicago, "Father" Heldmann, announced that he would be a can-didate for Congress, provided he could get the consent of his bishop. The New York Journal said that if it was necessary for the priest to get some other person's con-sent to be a candidate for Congress, he ought not to "run" for the office at all. To this it was replied that the priest's attitude was according to the long standing rules of the church, which could not be altered by the Congress of the United States. * THE Journal's answer was conclusive in the matter, and makes a statement of principle which ought to pre-vail in American politics, though it seldom does. It said:Š "It is quite true that before the Congress of the United States was heard of a priest of the Roman Cath-olic Church was bound by certain rules. But it is also true that ever since the Congress of the United States has existed, a man, to be a member of it, must be gov-erned solely by the Constitution of the United States and his own conscience. Consequently, the Congress of the United States is a body of entirely free men, chosen to make laws for an entirely free nation. No man is fit to sit in that Congress who requires the consent of an-other man to his becoming a candidate." The "Jewish" and "American" Sabbaths. AN English exchange says that "In kmerica business interests have led many Jews to feel that they cannot lose a day every week, and there are many indications that the same sentiment is growing here." Then it quotes the following from the London Daily Mail:Š "Metropolitan Jewry is at present deeply interested in, and not a little disturbed by, a proposal which has been made to hold services on Sunday for those who can-not attend synagogue on the Sabbath. "The proposal emanates from West Hampstead, the abode of a large section of Jews of the middle and upper middle classes. Competition and the consequent neces-sity of constant attention to business, to say nothing of the Jewish interest in the Stock Exchange, it is ar-gued, prevent the majority of the wealthier Israelites from attending the usual-Sabbath morning service. "The organizers of the movement argue that any service is better than none; but that the matter is re- 