774 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Only within the past three years diocesan missionary -organizations have been introduced, and now there are ,over a score of priests who have been wholly set apart by their bishops for the conversion of Protestants. Think of it! Here are priests beingŁsent out for the sole purpose of capturing "non-Catholics," devotingtheir whole time to propagating their doctrines among Prot-estants. And what have been the results?ŠSimply that large numbers from the ranks of the Protestants have been brought into the fold of the Catholic Church. Not long ago in this cityŠNew YorkŠthere were received into the 'Catholic Church over two hundred candidates, of whom more than a hundred were formerly Protestants; and this was the result of only a few months' effort. But why is Protestantism so impotent, so weak? The answer is not difficult. It is because of forsaking the Bible, and standing upon genuine Catholic ground. With the Protestants generally, it is not, as in former times, "the Bible and the Bible only," but it is now really "the Bible and Tradition." That being so, it can mean noth-ing else than Catholic success. Even where there is opposition to Catholicism, it is chiefly not becausepeople are intelligentupon the subject, but because of bigotry and prejudice. But this is not ar-gumentŠit is not reason. It will generally be found that but very few Protestants are acquainted with the first principle of popery. It is true they know there is such a power as the papacy, but what makes the papacy they cannot tell. And that being so,,it is not to be wondered at, that, when they themselves, stand squarely upon 'Catholic ground, they do not know it. Fettered as the Protestants are with the Sunday in-stitution, purely a creation of the Catholic Chui-ch, with not a single scripture authorizing its observance, the 'Catholics certainly have no reason to be discouraged. With that one weapon they can silence all opposers, save the few who stand squarely on the Word of God. Ł fr Ł 4 4 Following Turkey. BY WILLIS Al. ADAMS. THE Farm, Field, and Fireside, November 13, gives the following :Š "General Miles recora mends that the new Chicago post-office be fortified. . . . The sight of the muzzles ,of rapid-firing and gatling guns sticking out of the win-dows of the post-office building is, necessary." Why is it necessary thus to fortify a post-office in this "Christian nation"? Ł A nation is made up of people; so in order to have a "'Christian nation," it must be made up of Christian peo-ple. Do the people who make up this so-called "Christian -nation" need "rapid-firing and gatling guns" to check the sins they are likely to commit? Christianity means "Christ in you, the hope of glory."  The fruit of Christ's Spirit is "love, joy, peace. . . gentleness." "The wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable." So if Christ is in a man, he will be a gentle and peaceable man. Of what use, then, are the gatling guns that will shoot six hundred times a minute? The Fireside continues:Š "The general confesses he got this inspiration from Constantinople, where, as everybody knows, the political, economic, and moral conditions are practically the same as those in the United States." This is a sad Commentary upon the condition of this "Christian nation." If our nation continues to follow the heathen nations, it will not be long until "Mene, Mene, Tekel, TJpharsin" will be written upon the banquet hall of the once grand Republic, and the so-called Christian-ity of this "Christian nation" will ripen into open an_ archy. Lacey, Iowa. The Weapons of the Church's Warfare. From "The Watchword OFTEN, in controversy, persons think that by saying sharp, smart, and insulting things they have gained their point. No mistake can be greater. Christ's victo-ries are not won by witticisms and taunts, but by solid truths and living testimonies. Dr. Scudder, the East In-dian missionary, relates the following:Š "A flindoo, on one occasion, said to a missionary, `Reviling our gods, criticising our Shastras, and ridfcul-ing our ritual will accomplish nothing; but the story which you tell of Him who lived and died and rose again Šthat story, Sir, will overthrow our temples, destroy our ritual, abolish our Shastras, and extinguish our gods.' "In this sign conquer. Overcome by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of your testimony. Leave Satan his weapons,Štake unto yourselves the whole armor of God. And remember that 'the sword of the Spirit' is the only offensive weapon found in the gospel armory. But 'there is no sword like that.' It has hewn the path of, victory before the war-worn church,Šand as yet has loA none of its edge or power. Let us use that weapon. Let us tell to the dying that message of eternal life. Let us proclaim the gospel, assured that our labor will not be in vain." THE Catholic Mirror, of November 6 denies the report that has been in circulation of late, that the bureau of Catholic Indian missions was to be abolished. "Upon the authority of the prelates.having charge of Catholic Indian school and mission affairs," says the Mirror, "we are enabled to state that there has been_ no thought' of discontinuing the services of the Catholic Bureau, but that, on the contrary, it will continue, as heretofore, to act as the representative of the Catholic Hierarchy before the government in matters pertaining to Indian affairs." 