550 AMERICAN SENTINEL,. " Far. be it from me to criticise the Christianity of this honored body or any member thereof. But it does seem that there is something lacking in such a picture of the heads of an avowedly Christian nation directing the affairs of its people with no open acknowledgment of or request from the professed Ruler and Governor of that nation Is not the ideal of every earnest Christian and may we not hope in the next century to have a Theoc-racy, where the chosen chiefs of the people will actually consider God as their Ruler and Head, and will accord-ingly openly invoke his presence in their midst and earn-estly plead for his help in their undertakings?" It is indeed extraordinary what false conceptions some honest and evidently intelligent persons will form of the duties of the cabinet and other governmental offi-cers. The cabinet officers, on entering office, are sworn to fulfill the duties of their respective positions in accord-ance with law. Now the Treaty with Tripoli, made in 1796, and which according to Article VI of the Constitu tion is the supreme law of the land, declares that this nation is in no sense founded on the Christian religion. Why then should these officers turn the business confer-ences of the nation into prayer-meetings and so violate the spirit of the supreme law of the land? True that the Supreme Court has declared this to be a "Christian na-tion," but the decisions of no court are infallible and those of the Supreme Court have frequently already been reversed both by itself and by the people, and it is possi-ble to do so again. Furthermore, if some of the cabinet officers should decide to hold a prayer-meeting, according to what form of worship ought they to pray? Should our Catholic Attorney-General or the Catholic Secretary of State de-ride to get a priest to perform mass with all the accom-panying Credos, Ave Marius, genuflexions and signs of the cross, what would the Ram's Horn think of it? And rice versa, would not our Catholic fellow citizens have a right to object to the Protestant-form of worship in the same case? We would like to suggest to the Ram's Horn that it might be more in accordance with God's plan i public servants, in seeking wisdom from above, would follow the example of Daniel and Solomon as regards the time and place of their supplications. See Dan. 2:17-23; 'l:10; 1:20; 1 Kings 3:5-12. The writer is also much mistaken in supposing that an American Theocracy is the "ideal of every earnest Christian." Doubtless many honest but misguided per-sons are grasping at this ignis fatuus, but Bible-studying Christians know that a Theocracy will never be inaugu-rated till "He comes whose right it is." Ezek. 21:25-27. Our Saviour disclaimed the present kingship of this world. John 18:36. It was offered to him (Luke 4:5, 6) by the prince of this world (John 14:30; 12:31; Jot 9:24; 2 Cor. 4:4), but refused under present conditions. On an-other occasion some good-intentioned but mistaken indi-viduals tried to elevate him to the throne by force, but he very effectually prevented it. John 6:15. If the writer of the above quoted article would seek the knowledge of God's plans of government for this world  and compare them with his own plans, he would readily see that the "something lacking" is in his own view and not in that of Secretary Long. The Ram's Horn would not then give such an "uncertain sound" and would do more effective work in preparing the readers for thegreat battle between truth and error, between aialse theocracy and God's system of government. What of the Night ? Watchman, what of the night? Watchman, what of the night? The morning corneth, and also the night !ŠIsaiah. I. Ł Some Signs of the Times. From "Are We Nearing Anarchy I" by Chas. W. Super, President of Ohio University. IT is sad to think that though Christianity has for eighteen centuries been proclaiming peace and good-will to men, no professedly Christian nation is yet ready to beat its swords into plowshares and its spears into prun-ing hooks. Turning now to our own country, what are some of the signs of the times? . . . What evidence, for exam-ple, do they furnish regarding security to life and prop-erty and the impartial administration of justice? One thing is plainly evidentŠthere is a growing disregard of human life. Fifteen years ago less than a thousand homicides and murders were committed in the United States. Within this time the record has been getting steadily darker. In 1888 the number was 2,884; in 1890, it was 4,290, and in 1895 it passed the 10,000 mark. That these figures are not an exaggeration will be clear to any one who takes note of the contents of the daily newspaper. There is no nation in Europe whose government collects statistics that has one-fourth as many homicides in proportion to the population. We have even passed Italy in this respect. This growth of savagery is attributed, and no doubt justly, to the increasing laxity in the administration of our criminal laws. On the one hand, the law abiding [?] portion of the people have lost confidence in the courts, and rather than take the risk of allowing vicious crim-inals to escape, they dispose of them when caught, red-handed. On the other hand, the criminally inclined ex-ercise less restraint upon themselves, and run the risk of acquittal after they have been arraigned. It is not prob- 