208 THE AlVIERIC_NN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 26. NEW YORK, JUNE 25, 1891. NOTE:ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. No Paper Next Week. ACCORDING to our usual custom we shall omit the publication of THE SENTI-NEL the first week in July; there will be therefore -no SENTINEL next week. Number 27 will bear date of July 9. Ł -4- Ł THE platform adopted by the Iowa Pro-hibitionists at their late convention con-tains a resolution in favor of the immedi-ate abolition of the internal revenue sys-tem on the ground that it tends to encour-age the liquor traffic by recognizing it nationally. Ł Ł  Ł  " IT is believed by most of those who are Ł interested in the Sunday question," says the New York Observer, " that to ob-serve the Sabbath is the only way to pre-serve the Sabbath." Then why do not those who regard Sunday, as the Sabbath observe it and so settle the question ? THE Christian at Work deprecates the opening of the Metropolitan Museum of Art on Sunday, and intimates that work-men and clerks have not sufficient intel-ligence to enjoy the privilege afforded them by Sunday opening. It would be well, however, for the Sunday aristocrats to know that all knowledge and refine-ment is not bound up in their craniums. COLONEL SHEPARD is credited with the statement that " the Sunday paper gets its chief patronage from Christian people." Then the Colonel's demand for laws for-bidding the publication of Sunday papers is simply a demand for civil laws to com-pel " Christian people " to be consistent. This reminds us of the demand made by the bishops in the fourth century for the prohibition of shows on Sunday because the people attended them to the neglect of the church. IT is stated that "the most holy gov-erning synod" of Russia has issued orders to the effect that students of all religious denonahAtions must attend lessons in the orthodox catechism, and that all indus-trial establishments must have an ortho-dox church within a distance of twenty kilometers. But this is not a matter of surprise since in the United States laws  are demanded that "would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel,"Šand this by, men who reckon as infidels, and even as atheists, all who' do not keep Sun-day. And we already, have in every State laws requiring the observance of the " Christian Sabbath." The difference be-tween Russia and some of the States of the American Union now as regards re-ligious laws is in degree and not in kind. For instance, it has been held by the Su-preme Court of Pennsylvania that Chris-tianity is the religion of the State; it is also the religion of Russia, only the gov-ernment of Russia gives a little narrower interpretation to the term "Christianity." Ł OF the demand for the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, the Mail and Ex-press says :Š It is significant that even the Seventh-day Bap-tists give up their claim for Saturday for the time being and unite in the request. Now, let our He-brew fellow-citizens also stand up for a seventh day of rest in the only form in which it is practicable in this Christian country. How do the Seventh-day Baptists like this way of putting it ? Ł  THE " Pearl of Days " notes the fact that " the War, Navy and Post Office de-partments have reduced Sunday labor, if not to a minimum, yet largely, so far as existing laws and the necessities of the public service will permit." But this is not satisfactory to the " Pearl " and so it follows that the American Sabbath-Union demands that "the necessities of the public service" shall be utterly ig-nored in the interests of Sunday. Some people are too modest (?) by half. THE report of the Committee on " Sab- bath Observance," appointed by the late General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, says :Š The Pan-Republican Congress Committee at a late session in Washington, D. C., received with marked favor the suggestion of the American Sab-bath Union to reserve a place on its programme at the World's Fair in 1893 for the discussion of the civil, economical, hygienic, industrial, social and moral aspects of the weekly rest-day for all classes. Arrangements will be made by that committee at the proper time for an international Sunday con-gress similar to the one held in Paris in 1889. THE " Pearl of Days" says, "the bill in-troduced in the Fifty-first Congress pro-viding for the changing of the beginning of the presidential term to the 30th day of April will be renewed early in the next Congress. It is possible that a provision may be inserted in this bill to fix the time on the last Wednesday in April, thus avoiding a repetition of the disgraceful Sabbath profanation in Washington that unfortunately accompanied the last in-auguration. " It is gratifying," says the " Pearl," " to be able to state that this bill, which is 'based upon historical, economic, sanitary, legislative and other important  reasonings, is favored by eminent men of both political parties." Possibly the other reasons might be dis-covered, but why it would be more " san-itary " to inaugurate a president upon the 30th of April than upon the 4th of March is not apparent, neither is it easy to see why men would be more liable to take cold upon Sunday than upon Wednesday. -Ł- Ł IN his late encyclical on the condition of labor, the Pope seeks to justify compul-sory cessation of secular work on Sun-days and certain festivals, and says:Š The rest from labor is not to be understood as mere idleness ; much less must it be an occasion of spending money and of vicious excess, as many would desire it to be; but it should be- rest from labor, consecrated by religion. This is only putting in other phrase the words of Mr. Crafts: " Take the re-ligion out and you take the rest out." However we do not accuse " his holiness " of plagiarism; probably he never even so much as heard of Mr. Crafts and his Sun-day-law propaganda; the similiarity of thought is only a family likeness; it in-heres in the very Sunday-law idea. The sole purpose of Sunday laws is to secure a rest consecrated to religion, and it is not strange that that thought crops out in both Protestant and Papal utterances. PARKER PILLSBURY, of Concord, New Hampshire, well known as one of the orig-inal anti-slavery agitators has rendered the country another valuable service in writing " Acts of the Anti-Slavery Apostles." Mr. Pillsbury's book is inter-esting and valuable now; it will be more so in years to come. Time ever adds to the value of accurate history. The author has not only grouped together in this book an imposing array of most interest-ing facts concerning the anti-slavery agita-tion, but he has thrown into his narrative the energy of the deep convictions which nerved him for the important part which he himself took in the struggle for the the freedom of an enslaved race, and which he now modestly but faithfully relates. Those especially who have grown up since the war which struck the shackles from four millions of their fellow-beings, should read this book as it will enable them to estimate more nearly the value of human freedom and the degrading in-fluence of serfdom. THE AMEJ3ICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. krwill ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $ 1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 20c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single, subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New Yo*, 