THE AMERICAN' SEN'T'INEL. 213 Such are the invariable uses of a Sunday law, if it is used at all. And these conclusions are not based upon theory alone, but upon actual ex-perience. This is the kind of a law of which Mrs. Bate-ham says, " we must persevere till we do get it," and which to her "will be cause for devout thanksgiving." A similar strain of enthusiasm and "devout thanksgiving" appeared a few months ago in the Catholic Banner, the organ of the Papacy in Barcelona, Spain. It said :Š " Thank God, we at last have turned towards the times when those who propagated heretical doctrines were punished with exemplary punishment. The re-establishment of the Holy Tribunal of the Inquisi-tion must soon take place. Its reign will be more glorious and fruitful in results than in the past. Our Catholic heart overflows with faith and enthusiasm ; and the immense joy we experience as we begin to reap the fruit of our present campaign exceeds all im-agination. What a day of pleasure will that be for us when we see anti-clericals writhing in the flames of the Inquisition ! " When we remember the cruel persecutions which have already occurred in some States of this Union by the simple enforcement of strict Sunday laws; when we remember that the ma-jority' of the so-called Protestant ministers and their followers in those States experienced such "immense joy" in these persecutions that they almost unanimously remonstrated against the re-peal of the laws; and when we remember that these same so-called Protestants are working with might and main to' make such persecution gen- eral all over this country, looking forward to the time as a " cause for devout 'thanksgiving," we confess our inability to discover any very great difference between the Protestant heart of Amer- ica and the Catholic heart of Spain. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Their Own Definition. Evnny prominent advocate of a religious amendment to the Constitution disclaims any de-sire to bring about a union of Church and State. They scout the idea that the establishment of the Christian religion by legal enactment would con-stitute such a union, and insist that such a result could only be accomplished by the legal adoption of some one denominational creed as the religion of the Nation. But even their own definition will sustain the assertion that the National Reform movement is a Church and State enterprise. They shrink from the name, because of its un-popularity, but not from the principle. Let us test the project, and the ultimate design of the originators by the construction of the term Church and State usually insisted upon by their adherents. The National Reform Association is the creature of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, and the association was organized for the express purpose of securing a recognition of the principles of that denomination in the Constitution of the United States. True, their plea is for "all Chris-tian laws and usages," but that expression had in view the broader purpose of securing the assist-ance of other denominations ; and the ruse is prov-ing quite successful. The leading organ of the denomination in ques-tion is a publication entitled the Reformed Presby-terian, and as long ago as 1870, through the medium of its columns, Rev. James Wallace set forth the aim of the pioneers of National Reform in the following unmistakable language " This important truth of the Lordship of Jesus Christ over the nations, was attained by our reformed  and martyred fathers in Scotland, . . and has been transmitted down to us sealed with their blood, and is the precious and peculiar inheritance of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, and distinguishes her from all the other evangelical churches in this and other lands. No other church professes to maintain this great principle in its practical applications. " The distinctive principles of the Reformed Pres-byterian Church are the principles, and the only prin-ciples, of National Reform. " The proposed Amendment of the Federal Consti-tution is an acknowledgement by the Government that God is the author and source of all authority and power in civil government ; that the Lord Jesus Christ is the ruler of nations, and that his revealed will con-tained in the Bible is the supreme law of nations. Now the Association for National Reform proposes to have these distinctive principles of the Reformed Presby-terian Church adopted into the Constitution of the United States, and annulling any parts of that Constitu-tion that may be inconsistent with these principles. The adoption of this amendment into the Constitu-tion would be the Government doing . . . the highest honor to the Lord Jesus Christ, and the great-est benefit to our church. " The principles of National Reform are our princi-ples, and its work is our work. National Reform is simply the practical application of the principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church for the reformation of the nation." These statements are confirmed by Rev. J. R. W. Sloane's account of the Reformed Presbyterian Church, in the " Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia," in which he says :Š " The more special and distinctive principle of this church, the one in which she differs from all others, is her practical protest against the secular character of the United States Constitution. Holding to the uni-versal headship of Christ, and that civil government is a divine ordinance, and one of the `all things' put under him as the mediatorial ruler of the universe, and that to him the allegiance of all nations is due, Reformed Presbyterians refuse close incorporation with any government which does not in some form recognize these principles, and give them effective ex-pression in its legislation. On examination of the United States Constitution, that remarkable docu-ment is found to contain no recognition of God as the source of all legitimate civil authority, nor of his law as supreme above all human laws, nor of his Son as governor among the nations. . . . The Constitu-tion does not recognize the Bible, the Christian sab-bath, Christian morality, Christian qualifications for civil officials, and gives no legal basis for any Chris-tian feature in the administration of Government. . . . They take the deepest interest in that reform movement which has for its object the amendment of the United States Constitution in those particulars in which they consider it defective. Indeed, they feel specially called to aid in its success, at whatever cost or personal sacrifice." The Reformed Presbyterian Synod of 1886, in its report on National Reform, said : " It is ours to hold up the ideals of God which have origin-ated the National Reform cause." And the Synod of 1885 said of National Reform, that " This is the tap-root of the Reformed Presbyterian Church. " Although the Woman's Christian Temperance Union has espoused the National Reform cause, and the Prohibition party is fast becoming its ally, there is no change of the original purpose. Although the American Sabbath Union--em-bracing nearly every denomination and various other elements, including" Christians and infidels, saints and sinners "Šhas been added to the array, there is still no perceptible change of principles. The recent quarter-centennial of the National Re-form Association reckoned all the progress of the combined forces as so much gain for the cause of National Beform. With all the auxiliaries that have been added to the original force, there has been nothing to indicate that the National Reform of to-day is in anything different from the National Reform of twenty years ago, when it was acknowledged to be  "simply the practical application of the principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church." Then the proof is clear, that no matter how many Christian denominations, or how many secular societies, or how many political parties may ally themselves to this movement', its success will be the placing in the Constitution, to be enforced by the Govern-ment, "the distinctive principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Church." And that, according to the definition insisted upon by those leaders who most emphatically deny such desire, will be to es-tablish a Church and State Government. W. N. GLENN. Putting Themselves on Record. WE published some two weeks since a con-tributed article which contained some account of the Minnesota Mass Convention of friends of the " Christian Sabbath," held in Minneapolis June 10, 11, 1889, but we again give some of the facts for the sake of additional comment. In the third session of the Convention, Tuesday afternoon, June 11, the report of the Committee on Permanent Organization was submitted. The first article of their report for a constitution reads as follows :Š " The object of this Association shall be to pre-serve the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day, as a day of rest and worship." They reported that the Association should be called the "Minnesota Sabbath Association," auxiliary to the "American Sabbath Union." The other articles of the report were the same as those adopted in similar conventions. After it had been read it was moved that it be adopted as read. This was seconded. The chairman then said " It is moved and seconded that the constitu-tion as submitted be adopted. Are you ready for the question ? " Elder R. C. Porter then addressed the chair-man, saying that he would like to offer an amend-ment to the first article of the constitution, as follows :Š " The object of this Association shall be to pre-serve the Sabbath as a day of rest and worship ; but in securing this object only education, moral influence, and persuasion shall be employed, and the religious rights of all shall be guarded against compulsory laws." Dr. W. F. CraftsŠ" I would like to know what denomination this brother represents." Elder PorterŠ" The Seventh-day Adventists." Dr. CraftsŠ(excitedly) " Yes; well, this con-vention is called as a State Convention of those who represent the Christian sabbath; and it is not in any sense for those who represent the Sat-urday Sabbath. They have no natural rights in a convention of this kind except as listeners and reporters." The chairman sustained the objection, and the report of the committee was adopted. From these facts we can see very plainly the spirit of the American Sabbath Union. We have nothing to say as to the propriety of the presentation of the resolution, or the refusal of the convention to listen to one wino was not in full sympathy with them; but the point to which we wish to call especial attention is, that the leaders of the convention utterly refused to recognize the principle presented in the resolution. By this they have placed themselves on record as in favor of compulsory laws, which shall contravene the religious rights of the people ; and they have shown that morality is not the object of their 