THE AIVIE RICAN SENTINEL. 317 Very Apparent. WORKING people in France are now en-titled' to rest one day in seven. But in-asmuch as the Legislature declined to designate ,%nday as the legally appointed rest-day, the law is not satisfactory to ultra Sunday-law advocates. It is indeed probable that the result of the law will be less SUndaylabor, and that that will be the day generally selected by employes, but that which is really desired by the Sunday people is not only Sunday rest from labor, but governmental recognition of Sunday sacredness. Commenting upon the French law, the Christian Advocate; of this city, says:Š Some of the. nations of Europe have long tried "the experiment of ignoring the divinely established law of a seventh-day's rest, and have found the rem* unsatisfactory, Gradually but surely steps are being taken toward restoring the Sabbath to its place among ,the national institutions of govern-Ment on the .Continent. What folly it would be for Us'.to rush into the same error which' is now being abandoned by other countries after sufficient trial. Yet this is the tendency in America. No nation. can defy or ignore the law of God and escape .disastrous results. " God is, pot mocked." The inconsistency in this 'is apparent when we come to consider that if the divine law means simply "a ,seventh-day's rest," the French law meets it fully'; and if it means a definite seventh day, as the Jews, and not a few Christians hold, it does not help the matter in the least, for Sunday is not the seventh day, but the first. As before remarked, they want laws which will recognize Sunday as the Sabbath, and they will be satisfied with nothing lesS. Who Shall Teach That Christian Theology? THE bill introduced by Senator Edmunds to establish'a national university, provides for the study and consideration of Chris-tain theology. If that bill should pass and the university be established, the instruct-ors would be holders of an " office or pub-lic trust," under the Government. Now the Constitution declares that " no relig-ious test shall ever be required as a qual-ification to any office or public trust under this Government." But if Christian the-ology be studied or considered in that university there will certainly have to be a teacher, and if a teacher be employed to conduct the study and consideration of Christian theology, that teacher should be a Christian; but to require that a man shall be a Christian in order to occupy that place is to require a religious test as a qualification to the office, and therefore is a violation of the Constitution. Conse-quently from this point of view, Senator Edriaunds's bill is as clearly unconstitu-tional as it would be possible for any bill to be. On the other hand, if no such require-ment is made as that the instructor in Christian theology shall be a Christian, and thus this clause of the Constitution be evaded, then it would follow that instruc-tion in Christian theology would be given in that university by a teacher who is not a Christian. But just as soon as that is done, then the teaching of Christian the-ology is put, upon the basis of sheer ration-alism. Therefore if this provision of the bill should be carried out from this point of view, it follows that that which would be taught in this university as Christian theology would be but an ungodly mix-ture, with no Christianity in it. From whatever point, therefore, this bill may be viewed it is certain that the people of the United States want no such thing as it proposes to establish. The people of the United States do not want to establish a thing which is clearly unconstitutional, nor do they want to establish a system of Christian instruction which shall have no Christianity in it; nor is it right to estab-lish at public expense a system of public instruction which has Christianity in it. As we view the bills, resolutions, etc., introduced by certain United States sen- ators, we are led to wonder whether these are not the very individuals the poet had in mind when he saidŠ But man, proud man Dressed in a little brief authority Ł Plays such fantastic tricks before High heaven as make the angels weep. A. T. J. -as A Specious Plea. A PROMINENT Chicago clergyman is credited with this statement :Š Any man with his eyes shut can testify to the violation of the Sunday-closing law. Are these violators of the raw to be untouched by penalty ? What is the refusal to obey law but anarchy ? This is the valueŠto the National Re-form Association, and the American Sab-bath UnionŠof the movement for the clos-ing of the saloons on Sunday only. It is really of much more weight in the fur-therance of their purpose that saloons should remain open the remaining six days of the week if they are but closed on the first. An honest and impartial effort to close the saloons entirely, and do away with the liquor traffic completely, would deprive the Sunday-law party of one of their strongest arguments and most efficient influences for the adoption and enforcement of strict Sunday laws. It gives them an op-portunity, which they otherwise would not have, to enlist the numberless " Law and Order Leagues " which are being estab-lished throughout the country, and bring to bear their tremendous and cold-blooded force for the enforcement of existing law, irrespective of what principle of civil or religious liberty that law may contravene. Who Can doubt but that so far as its effect upon the liquor business is con-cerned, Sunday closing is but a specious pretence. It is certain that the strictest closing upon any one day in the week could have no perceptible influence upon the traffic as a whole, or sober any drink- ing man to a perception of his condition, and save him from his doom. The truth is, the effort to obtain laws for the Sunday closing of the saloon, the store, the shop, the factory, and the office, all stand on precisely the same footing; that is, the enforcement of the religious observance of Sunday. The closing of the saloon is used as a specious plea because that is acknowledged to be a reform of vital necessity, and is the one most prominent before the public at the present time. A law to close saloons on Sundays le-gitimizes the business for the rest of the week; it is another form of license. All forms of business being established, with the saloon, on the same legal basis, he who opens his store or office on Sunday is equally under the ban of the law and pub-lic opinion, with the saloon, and, in the public mind will fall, similarly, under the ministerial question and denunciation,Š" Are these violators of the law to be un-touched by penalty What is the refusal to obey law but anarchy ? " W. H. M. Ł In the Minority. AN exchange remarks that " the Inde-pendent has been gathering statistics con-cerning church-membership in the United States; finding an aggregate of some-thing over twenty-one millions in a popu-lation of sixty-three millions. The Chicago Times calls attention to these statistics in view of the demand to close the Colum-bian Exposition on Sunday; two in three of the population not being church attend-ants at all, and nearly one half of the re-maining third being of some liberal faith and holding very tolerant views of the use of Sunday. It says : The attempt of the Sabbatarian to enforce his peculiar views on this country is the attempt of a a relatively small minority to coerce a mighty multitude.'" Some will no doubt think to break the force of these figures by the assertion that the twenty-one million church members are adults, while more than one-half of the other two-thirds are children. But this is not true; the Catholics number ten millions, nearly one-half of the total church membership of the United States, and that includes men, women, and chil-dren. The Lutherans, and possibly some other denominations reckon as members all who have been baptized; thus it is safe to say that nearly, or quite, one-third of the twenty-one millions of church mem-bers in the United States are children. Were the issue squarely made between voting church members and voting non-church members, the former would cer-tainly be hopelessly in the minority even in this " Christian " country. But even were it otherwise it would not justify the majority in forcing their religious views upon the country. The 