AMERICAN SENTINEL. 265 GOVERNMENTAL recognition is no recommendation for any religion. The only true religion is Christianity; but Jesus Christ was never recognized in his divine char-acter by the civil government, and how can it be ex-pected that his religion will have recognition from the same source? The civil government condemned Jesus as an imposter, and this is precisely the view civil govern-ments bave always taken of his religion. Roger Williams Invited Back to Massachusetts. THE legislature of Massachusetts has petitioned the General Court, says a press dispatch dated at Boston the 18th inst., "praying that the sentence of banishment for Massachusetts against Roger Williams be revoked." The petition for this relief, it is added, was drawn up at a Baptist conference in Boston. Roger Williams was banished from Massachusetts by the Puritans in 1635, because he held and taught "heret-ical" doctrines, one of the chief of which was that the civil magistrate could not rightfully punish a person for a breach of the law prescribing our duties to God. The sentence of banishment decreed that he should never return. Now, however, having served two hundred and sixty-four years of his sentence, it is thought the descend-ants of his banishers may be satisfied, and be willing to revoke the decree of exile. We do not see how this petition, if granted, is going to affect Roger Williams personally. He cannot return in person; but it would be a most excellent thing if Roger Williams' spiritŠthat is, the spirit of toleration, of respect for human rights, and of true piety, which he manifested, would return not only to Massachusetts but to every State in the land. A New Sunday Bill in Tennessee. THE Nashville Banner (Tenn.) of the 13thinst. makes note of a new Sunday-law` bill which has been introduced in the State Senate. It says:Š "Mr. Boyd to-day introduced in the Senate a bill 'to secure a more rigid observance of the Sabbath.' The bill provides 'that every person who shall either labor him-self or compel his servant, apprentice, or any other per-son under his charge or control to labor or perform any work other than the household offices of daily necessity, or other works of necessity or charity, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall be subject to a fine of not less than $10 nor more than $25, and imprisonment not less than thirty days nor more than three months, provided that this section shall not prohibit any ferryman from crossing passengers on any day in the week.' The second section provides 'that any person who shall expose to sale any goods, wares or merchandise, except such goods, wares or merchandise be sold for the sick or dead, on the first day of the week,  commonly called Sunday, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction, fined not less than $25 nor more than $100.'" Tennessee already has a Sunday law under which a number of people have been worked in the chain gang for doing ordinary work on Sunday, although they were good citizens and conscientious observers of the seventh day. What does the State want of a "more rigid" law than that by which good, conscientious people can be worked in the chain gang? If a more rigid observance of Sunday is really aimed at, some severer penalty than the chain gang should be provided, such as solitary con-finement or death. And by the way, where will the de-mand for a "more rigid" observance stop short of the most rigid observance of the day that the sev erest penal-ties of human law can secure? Governmental Fast-Day Proclamations. THE fast-day proclamation of Governor Rollins, of New Hampshire, has awakened comment and discussion in many quarters, and it appears that not all of those in "the rural communities" alluded to in the proclama-tion, view with approval the assumption of au ecclesias-tical role by the State's chief civil executive. The query is raised as to what proper place religious opinions and exhortations can have in a State document, in a land where church and state are not united. One individual of this class is the Hon. Thomas P. Cheney, of Ashland, an ex pension agent, who has taken pains to publish a reply to the governor's proclamation, in which he says:Š "The idea of the governor of a State, 'clothed in a little brief authority,' in a State paper discussing such theological and sectarian questions as the efficacy of prayer,' evidence of the fundamental truth of Christian-ity,' the problem of the condition of religion in the rural communities,' unchristened children,' marriages sol-emnized by justices of the peace,' and 'burial without the benison in the name of Christ.' "Have we ever seen in these modern days a more puerile and unmannerly piece of officious impertinence and usurpation? I think this belief has been quite gen-eral in the poor deluded 'rural communities.' We 'mis-erable sinners' in the rural communities had supposed that the provisions of Article 4 of the Constitution, which reads, 'Every person has the natural and inalien-able right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience and reason,' meant what it said, and that meant that if a person did not believe in 'the effi-cacy of prayer,' he should not be forced to pray, nor publicly advertised, criticised, and anathematized by the governor if he did not pray. "We unworthy, semi-civilized people in the back-woods of 'rural communities' have been green enough to suppose that we had a right either to join no church at all, or to be members of a church, or religious sect or denomination, which does not require or even permit in-fant baptism, or the christening of children, and still, for 