460 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Surely no one will risk their eternal destiny upon such evidence. Let him rather go to the Word of the Lord, and receiving it as the voice of the Almighty, and guided by the Holy Spirit, learn were lies the truth in this momentous question. IN this world filled with finite minds, two forces claim-ing each to be the avenue of knowledge from beyond the finite limits, contend for the mastery. One is faith, the other is superstition. PEOPLE who reject the Word of God say that faith and superstition are one and the same thing. But the truth is that they are opposites. Where the Word of God is least found, there superstition is most abundant. Any traveler in heathen or in papal lands can see this for himself * FAITH stands upon the Word of God; superstition, upon the word of man. Superstition is merely the result of the effort of the finite mind to grasp things that are beyond its reach. That the human mind is finite, all in-telligent persons know. The most learned of men have acknowledged that they had been able only to gather as it were a few pebbles of knowledge along the shore of the great sea of truth. YET the finite mind desires to know the things that lie in the realms beyond, and unless it accepts the revela-tions made by an infinite mind, it will reach out itself after the unattainable like a child reaching for the moon; and, of course, will grasp nothing more substantial than a delusion. And this delusion it will fondly hold in place of the truth. * THE world to day is full of superstition. The Word of God being but little known and still less believed, only this result could be expected. Whatever destroys faith in the Word of GodŠas for example, the "higher criti-cism"Šbuilds up belief in superstition. The Catholic Church has become the home of superstition in civilized lands by its suppression of the divine Word, and substi-tution therefor of the word of man, in the form of decrees of councils and of popes, the dictum of the priest, and the church traditions in general. The more implicitly  these traditions are accepted by an individual, the more ready is he to seek for superhuman aid to some "holy" bone or other relic, or to put faith in the stories circu-lated ever and anon of miraculous occurrences like that relating to the "sacred winding sheet" in Turin, Italy,. now heralded by the Catholic press. Such superstition blinds the eyes of men to a vital truth. * THERE is salvation only in the Word of God. God's Word is the truth, and those who love the truth will love that Word and will not turn from it to the word of man. And there is to be in the world in the last days, prophecy declares, two classes as regards the truth,Šthose who receive the love of the truth, and those who receive it not; and the latter class are to be overtaken by "strong delusion," and believe a lie, "that they all might be damned." This delusion will be upheld, of course, by the word of man, and if we have learned to put confidence in the word of man as concerning the things which pertain to salvation, we shall be unprepared to escape thisŁ  "strong" deception. What is the training we are receiv-ing now in this respect? Out of this question will come momentous results. * * A MEMBER of the Volksraad, the legislative body of the Orange Free State, is reported as having recently declared to his fellow-members that if stringent Sunday regulations were enforced, "rinderpest and all other plagues would banish." This was in the course of a de-bate on the propriety of new Sunday legislation. It il-lustrates how superstition connects itself with the cause of Sunday enforcement. ROMAN CATHOLICS in this country have, not unnatu-rally, taken umbrage at the assertions from a Protestant source that "God has given into the hands of American Christians" the regions taken by the army and navy in Cuba. Previously to this these regions have been in the,  hands of American Catholics; hence the statement plainly implies that the Catholics are not Christians. Thus in one way and another the question is coming up for set-tlement, as to what Class or classes of people constitute Christians, and what do not. * THE question of allowing church buildings upon the military reservation at West Point, has been settled, for the present, in favor of such buildings as the Secretary of War sees fit to allow to be erected. The matter is left to his "discretion." This being so, we may expect that a Roman Catholic chapel will be forthcoming shortly. * * * THE exemption of church property from taxation, is an injustice which is particularly manifested when a.  war tax is put upon the common necessities of life. 