296 THE SENTINEL OF: LIBERTY. regards the day he believes to be, the Sabbath, and the Government protects him in his worship from dis-turbance or interference ?" The reply, given by Dr. David McAllister, the lead-ing champion of the proposed amendment, was : "Not only must this be the case in regard to every man, but the state and nation must decide for them-selves whether they will keep one day or not." Then followed this question and answer : Mr. Connolly. "Suppose the Bible has already settled that question, how could any act of Congress interfere with it if that is to be in the constitution ?" Dr. McAllister. "Because we must interpret the Bible." Putting Dr. McAllister's replies together, we have the, essence of the National Reform theory of goverri-ment which millions of misguided people in this land are working to set up. While "each man" is to "regard the day he believes to be the Sabbath," "the state and the nation" must also "decide for themselves whether they will keep one day or not," and to do this the state "must interpret the Bible." But when the state in-terprets the Bible to discover its supposed duty upon any point, what is to become of the interpretation held on the same point by the individual subject to the state law? Upon this point Dr. McAllister said: "Here is the nation, which gives its decision ac-cording to its sense,  of right and wrong. That is the national conscience, and when the nation thus gives its decision, individuals whose conscientious views may conflict . . . in such' cases the individual con-science must yield to the conscience of the whole peo-ple, which is over him and should be over him in order to enforce what is right, but which can be over him only by recognizing the Lord's supreme authority over the nation." Thus, in case the individual holds a different in- terpretation of Scripture from that held by the state, the individual conscience must yield to the state con- science, and the individual must practice that which he believes to be wrong; or if he refuses this, he must suffer the pains and penalties of the civil law. The "state conscience" upon any point will of Course be the conscience of the majority in the state touching that point. The minority will constitute dis-senters, and all these must yield their conscientious convictions upon any point of duty toward God, as they yield in the matter of impoging a tariff upon imports, or other purely secular questions of state policy. And if the individual conscience must yield to the state conscience upon one point, it may just as proper-ly be made to yield upon every point, and can be dis-pensed with altogether, the individual being guided by the state conscience which "is over him," and is of so much greater authority, in the National Reform view, than the individual conscience can be. The individual would then need to exercise his conscience only when he became identified with the majority who were laying  down rules and enacting 'laws of religious conduct for the benefit of the minority. Such is the scheme of government which, as stated, the National Reform party and its allies are urging upon Congress and upon the country, as they have been for many years. It is easily perceived to be identical with the union of church and state which has "cursed the fairest portions of the Old World," and against which the first American statesmen took special care to guard this nation. Many will be naturally skeptical as to the probabil-ity of the success of this baneful scheme. WhyŠit may be askedŠshould millions of intelligent people be working for something so contrary to the founda-tion principles of this Government? The answer is, they are doing it unwittingly. They are blindly follow-ing their leaders in a course which appears to be right-eous, and they do not realize the nature of the results that will follow. They do not realize this because they have not taken time to study the subject of the rela-tion of their work to the principles of free government. They do not believe it possible that their leaders can be in t'he wrong, so they have never thought of con-sidering the nature of their work from the standpoint of such a possibility. But the people of this great countryŠthe many millions who are not concerned in the promotion of religio-political reformsŠwill not they rise up and pre-vent this National Reform scheme being carried into effect? Ah, the people are indifferent on the subject of their religious rights. Believing such rights secure in this free land, they are careless and unconcerned, and are in ignorance of the danger that is threatening. As Jefferson prophesied, they are all too intent upon projects for making money to have any time to give to the securing of their rights. Upon both sides the people are under the bane of ignorance and must be enlightened and aroused to discern the situation in which the rights and liberties of the people are now placed, if those liberties are to be longer preserved. This is a mighty fact, and the reason why the Sentinel of Liberty is published to-day. s. Human Rights. All human rights are God-given, and hence sacred. Every faculty and opportunity that any man has was given to him by the Creator to be used to His glory ; and he who infringes a single one of these rightsŠwho hinders the free, legitimate exercise of a single God-given facultyŠinvades not only the civil liberty, but the religious liberty of his fellow men. The rule of the Christian life is, "Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." He who obeys this divine rule is serving God equally whether following his plow or going to church. 