 482 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      and the Greek gnosis signifies "higher knowledge," "deeper wisdom." But is not God's knowledge of a high order? Is not he skilled in knowledge? Is not his wis-dom deep? There can be no higher knowledge than that of God. There can be no deeper wisdom than his. There-fore as science is higher knowledge; and as there can be no higher knowledge than that of God, it is certain that the knowledge of God is science, and that it is science of the highest kind. And as in the Bible the knowledge of God is revealed; and as the knowledge of God is highest science, it is certainly true that in the Bible is the highest science. It is written : "He that is perfect in knowledge is with thee." Science is knowledge. Perfect knowledge is per-fect science. The knowledge of God being perfect, is per-fect science. This knowledge of God is revealed in the Bible. It is therefore perfectly certain that in the Bible, and the Bible itself, is perfect science. Another definition of science is given as : "Accumu-lated and established knowledge, which has been system-atized and formulated with reference to the discovery of general truths, or the operation of general laws." The Bible meets this definition more fully and exactly than any other book in the world. The Bible is the knowledge of God. This, being perfect knowledge, is established knowledge; for He is "the same yesterday, and to day, and forever," and with him "is no variableness, neither shadow of turning." In the Bible this knowledge is accu_ mulated, "line upon line, and precept upon precept; line upon line and precept upon precept." In the Bible this perfect knowledge has been, and is, systematized and for-mulated with reference to the discovery of general truths, or the operation of general lawsŠin other words, of principles. According to this definition therefore, the Bible is strictly science. Yet another statement, by a scientific writer, is that "All sciences are the products of the mind." Very good. But shall it be said that the Bible is not the product of mind? Of course it will not be claimed that whatsoever is the product of,  mind is science. But shall it be claimed that the Bible is not sufficiently the product of mind to be worthy of recognition as science? or shall it be said that it is not the product of a mind that may be recog-nized as scientific? All of this must be said, all of it is said, when it is said that the Bible is not science, or is not scientific. The Bible is the word of God. Words express thoughts. The word of God, then, is the expression of the thought of God. It is therefore inevitably the pro-duct of the divine mind. And how can it possibly be said that the product of the divine mind is not science? How can it be thought that the divine mind is of such a low order that it cannot properly be considered scientific? With any recognition of God at all, no such thing can be said or thought. As certainly as God shall be recognized at all, he must be recognized as God. And He who cre-ated the mind, shall not He think? He who created minds whose product is expected to be accepted as sc- enceŠshall not the product of His mind be accepted as. science? Science, then, being the product of mind; and the Bible being the product of the divine mind, it is certainly true that the Bible is not only science, but it is divine science. And when the Bible meets fully and fairly every definition of science, it is not scientific for any scientist or anybody else to say that the Bible is not science. By all these considerations, and many more that can be given, therefore, it is perfectly plain that the phrase-" Science and the Bible," that is so much used nowadays, is altogether invalid. It is unsound from the beginning, and has not a particle of merit. It is one of those boast-ful, self-assertive, things that are set forth with great,  show of knowledge, but which, having no merit of their own, are obliged to beg their way. This one begins by begging everything. It is expected that by the very weight of its appearance of superior knowledge, everybody will at once fall prostrate and humbly pray it to acceptŁ all that it is forced to beg. Instead of this, however, the brazen thing should have its mask plucked off, and itself be made to stand upon merit only. It must not be allowed to receive anything to which it cannot present a strictly just and valid claim. Now, this phrase, "Science and the Bible," assumes, in itself, that the Bible is not science. To admit the cor-rectness of the phrase, as it is asserted, is to allow that the Bible is not science. But why should the phrase be admitted ? There, is not a single definition of science, that is not fully met by the Bible as science. Strictly and truly, yea supremely, the Bible is science. Why then, upon what principle of reason or propriety, should this phrase be admitted as valid when on its very face it de-nies that the Bible is science? If any one wants to deny that the Bible is science, let him do it. But let him do it by presenting what seem to him considerations that show that it is not science, in-stead of flaunting a phrase that begs all that it is bound to show. This however cannot be done: the very word, " science," itself is against, it. Every accepted definition of the word is against it. The root idea of the word, the very nature of the word itself, will have to be obliterated before it can be shown, or even fairly claimed, that the Bible is not science. There is therefore no place for any such expression as "Science and the Bible" or "The Bible and Science"; because the Bible is science, As the Bible is science,, what such expressions really say is, "Science and Science." This indeed might be well enough, if that were meant; but when the only thing intended is the,  begging sugges_ tion that the Bible is not science, theft can be no place for it in the world. No; the Bible, being strictly ad truly science, the only way in which there can ever he any contrast or " conflict " between science and the Bible, is between God's science and man's science, between divine science and human science, between perfect science and imperfect science. 