4 Mgr 11041E1—6—— NEW YORK, OCTOBER 20, 1892. 328 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 41. NomŠAny one receiving THE AnzatcAN Sitbrrnvxr, without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE Strrruum need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. A QUESTION has been asked concerning the editorial article, " What Constitutes a Union of Church and State," which ap-peared on the second page of THE SENTI-NEL of October 6. The inquiry is, Was it the action of the bishops in deciding what was the Christian religion that formed the Roman Papacy ? We answer, No. The next to the last phrase in the last sentence of the article referred to, should have been a separate sentence, or better yet, the beginning of a paragraph. It was designed to refer, not alone to the action of the bishops, but to those things also which led up to that action, and cul-minated in it. The editorial staff of THE SENTINEL is a unit on the, questions dis-cussed in its columns, and the paper will take no back step. Š0Š WE have no further news as yet from the Tennessee persecutions. But this is not strange inasmuch as the Tennessee In- quisition, like the Spanish Inquisition, is a star-chamber affair. Its work is done in secret, and the results are fully known only when warrants are served. It is not in its secret methods, however, that this Tennessee Grand Jury is peculiar, but in the fact that turning aside from its legit-imate work, it has become an engine of religious persecution. Without doubt some of the Springville Adventists have been indicted, and will in due time be ar- rested; and in due course convicted and imprisoned, for the horrible offense of working on a day that other people devote, to a limited extent, to church-going, and very largely to visiting and other forms of pleasure-seeking. Š0Š THE Christian Cynosure sees in the completion of a railroad from Jaffa (ancient Joppa) to Jerusalem an indica-tion of the fulfillment of the promise re-corded in Ezekiel 37:21-27 :Š Thus saith the Lord God; Behold, -I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land. . . . And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd; they Ł shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes ; and do them. . . . My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people. This is a divine promise and will cer-tainly be fulfilled; but just how a rail-road is going to help the matter is not  clear. David is dead, and has been for a very long time. It is evident, therefore, that the promise is not one to be fulfilled in this age nor in a temporal sense. It is evidently a promise of the reign of Christ, the Son of David, and is to be accom-plished by a resurrection of the dead in Christ. This done, the Lord will scarcely need a railroad to gather his people. For "he shall send his angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they shall gather together his elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other." Matt. 24:31. The promises of God are not to be fulfilled by railroads, nor yet by acts of Congress, the National Reformers to the contrary notwithstanding. Š0Š A NEW religio-political reform has been inaugurated in this country by " General " Maybell and wife, late of San Francisco, now located at 19 Clinton Place, this city. To a reporter of the Sun who recently interviewed him, the General said :-- Our methods are different from those of the Sal-vation Army. That organization redeems individ-uals for the next world. We believe in trying to redeem them for this world. We are here to per-suade them that the kingdom of heaven is at hand, and to make everybody happy. We do not deal in futures. We take care of the present. All through our religion are the symbols of the male and the female, and our trinity is the father, the mother, and the son, or the people. The motherhood is as necessary as the fatherhood, and we sing :Š Glory be to the fatherhood; that is wisdom; Glory be to the motherhood; that is love; Glory be to the people; that is the children; God in three persons, blessed trinity. Our creed is practical. We believe in politics. Politics is the expression of the male, and religion is the expression of the female. Both should co-operate. Religion is the architect and politics the builder. To reform the world we must see that politics does its work properly. We are political evangelists, and we are practical in our methods. If we can get 5,000 followers here as earnest a3 those of the Salvation Army we can turn this Gov-ernment upside down and reform it. It sounds like a wild theory, but it isn't, and I know it. There are many new things in our religion, and woman is one of them. The Trinity of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost does not mention woman. To have love we must have woman. In our army the woman's rank is equal to the man's. When the army becomes strong enough to control elections women shall have her share of offices. Religion is the first and great command-ment of our creed and politics is its law. It may be two weeks more before we can hold any meetings here, but I tell you that as soon as we open up, our influence will be felt. We have new ideas: they are simple and they are practical. The Church of to-day preaches for the future. That is good, but how about the present ? Let us take care of that first, and take the kingdom of heaven which is at hand. Let us take it by practical methods. The Re-publican Party appeals to the head and includes the thinking men. The Democratic Party appeals to the heart and includes those in whom sentiment predominates. Both must go. General Maybell may never be able to secure his 5,000 followers, but his idea of moral reform by means of political action is the popular one because it promises large results from very small effort. It is National Reform in Salvation Army  guise, and may be one of the forces to contribute to the complete and perfect setting up of the American papacy under the name of Protestantism. Š0-- MR. CRAFTS is sometimes unfortunate in his statements, but never more so, for his own cause, than when at Coin, Iowa, September 20, he stated that " by writing letters twenty ministers in Kentucky made the congressmen from that State believe that the whole State was in favor of Sunday closing." This is really a con-fession of fraudŠthat the twenty minis-ters deliberately deceived congressmen in the interests of the " American Sabbath." Š0Š BUT it is not alone when speaking that Mr. Crafts says things which a more care-ful man would not say, and which a more conscientious man never would have occa-sion to say concerning a cause in which he was enlisted. An example of this is found in Our Day for October. Of the Sunday closing proviso to the World's Fair appropriation, Mr. Crafts said:Š Professed friends of the Sabbath who have not helped to secure this victory by petition or letter or both may well hide their faces in shame. Fully 150,000 petitions were sent to pastors in the mails by great labor and at great cost, of which 100,000 should have come back from that number of reli-gious organizations of various kinds, but not ten,  thousand of these organizations have so petitioned. And yet, in the very same paragraph, indeed in the sentence just preceding this quotation, Mr. Crafts claims forty mil-lion people as desiring the closing of the Fair on Sunday. According to his own showing not ten thousand out of a pos-sible 100,000 religious organizations in this country petitioned for Sunday clos-ing even when the matter was brought home to their very doors and they were asked to do so. Then what authority has Mr. Crafts for claiming that these people who neglected, if they did not positively refuse, to petition, were in favor of some-thing they never asked for. As a matter of fact very many of the people who have been counted again and again, some of them several times over, as petitioners in favor of the Sunday clos-ing of the Fair, are entirely indifferent upon the subject; while many of them are, like Bishop Potter and the Christian Union, in favor of having the Fair open at least a portion of Sunday. It is a bad cause that compels resort to the methods employed by Mr. Crafts and his coadju-tors. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " - - - goc.  100 to 249 " " - - 75c. 250 to 499 " " " " - - 70c. 500 to 999 " " " " 050. " 1000 or more 4 4 44 60c. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings.  Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond street, New York City. 