148 A.IVIDOELJI C.A.,N SID Ntrismr.... VoL. ii, No. 19. to the realm of conscience and religion, ought we not to be left in the hands of a just and merciful God? Railroads and street-cars thunder past us at all hours on Sunday, much nearer our neighbors than is our work, and pleasure-seeking wheelmen speed along unmolested; why then are we, who having kept the Sabbath day according to the commandment, go quietly about our honest toil on Sunday, singled out and threatened with prosecution? There are hundreds of Seventh-day Adventists in Pennsylvania who believe and practice as we do, but none of them have ever been arrested for their labor on Sunday. We desire to impress upon all our neighbors that in pursuing the course we do, we are not attempting to needlessly offend them, and we sincerely hope that they will manifest the same kindly spirit toward us that we bear toward them, and not attempt to exact from us a tax of one-sixth of our income for the priv-ilege of worshiping according to the dictates of our consciences in the land of the free. W. M. KOENIG. JOHN H. KOENIG. A. H. KOENIG. THE JUDICIAL MENACE. THE Appellate Division of the New York Supreme Court has affirmed the constitution-ality of the Raines liquor law. This fact is not itself of great significance, but the lan-guage of the court in stating its conclusions has a significance which is highly ominous. Justice Patterson wrote the opinion of the court, which was concurred in by four other members. In it he said:Š The subject presented for our consideration is the constitutionality of the law. The law has been se-verely arraigned in argument as offending against justice and reason. It may be as unjust, unwise, oppressive and odious as the relator claims, but all that does not help in the solution of the question before us, and we have no opinion to express on that subject. The Court of Appeals has said: No law can be pronounced invalid for the reason simply that it violates our notions of justice, is op-pressive and unfair in its operation, or because, in the opinion of some or all of the citizens of the State it is not justified by public necessity or designed to promote the public welfare. If it violates no consti-tutional provision, it is valid and must be obeyed. The remedy for unjust or unwise legislation not ob-noxious to constitutional objections is to be found in a change by the people of their representatives ac-cording to the methods provided by the Constitution." Such language is calculated to raise in the reader's mind the query what courts and constitutions are for in the machinery of government. If, as the Declaration of Inde-pendence asserts, and as common sense af-firms, governments are instituted among men to preserve the inalienable rights given man by the Creator, how can it possibly be that a part of the machinery of government can legitimately operate to invade those rights ? For what purpose was the judicial department of government established if not to act at all times in the interests of justice and the rights of the people ? The same may be said with reference to the constitution. The constitution of the State of New York has this preamble: " We, the people of the State of New York, grateful to Almighty God for our freedom, in order to secure its blessings, do establish this Consti-tution." And yet the Appellate Division of the highest court in the State has gravely declared that a " law " may be oppressive and  unjust, and still be constitutional! If the constitution is established by the people of the State in order to secure to themselves the blessings of freedom, how can that which is oppressive be constitutional ? If the assumptions of this court are to be held by courts generally, we have arrived at a most dangerous position, and the people may well call a halt and take their bearings. If our " courts of justice" have become instru-ments of oppression, it may be proper to inquire what further use we have for them. Certainly no person in this country wants to be oppressed; no one wants to become a vic-tim of injustice. When appeal is honestly made to the court, it is that injustice may be averted, and the rights and liberties of the plaintiff secured to him; and it is to this end that all our courts were ordained to act. We seem to have reached that place as a nation which the Jewish nation reached in the time of Christ, when the Scribes and Pharisees gave tithes of mint, anise, and cum-min, and omitted the weightier matters of the lawŠjustice, mercy, and faith. Matt. 23: 23. More and more it becomes apparent that judicial decisions are taking less account of first principles, and exalting technicalities. The constitution is made superior to the peopleŠthe thing created, to its creator. Injustice is declared to be law, and the eter-nal law of justice is ignored. Let the worst injustice and oppression now be put by legislative enactment into the con-stitution ordained by the people for the pres-ervation of their liberties, and there, will be no help for them in the courts of law, accord-ing to this decision of the Appellate Court of New York. The only remedy will lie in the slow, uncertain, and difficult process of changing the legislature and thereby securing the repeal of oppressive laws, and the enact-ment of that which is just. Commenting on the situation, the New York World, of April 26, heads an editorial with the words, " Con-tempt for Law." Such decisions on the part of our courts of law can tend only in this direction. The clogging of the channels of justice can tend only to a popular outburst in the direction of anarchy and revolution. THE PAPACY'S GROWING POWER. [Present Truth, London.] THE Chronicle's special correspondent from' Rome continues to mingle with his eloquent description of the Papal pomp and circum-stance of events, at the Vatican and St. Peter's much that is of great political signifi-cance. He refers to the old contest between the Vatican and the Quirinal and dubs it " a controversy which goes down to the roots of the European situation, which troubles the peace of king and cardinals, and affects the alliances and estrangements of the great States of the world." After enumerating various local incidents which have caused friction between the repre-sentatives of the Papal court and the State, and have given some new prominence, within the very precincts of Rome itself, to the per-sistent seclusion of the " Prisoner of the Vatican," he says:Š And above all the crushing blow which the House of Savoy has received in Africa, the relations of Italy to the Triple Alliance, the Pope's leaning toward FranceŠall the pressing problems which, during the last few weeks, have centred in Rome and made her the " hub " of diplomatic Europe, the centre of the modern as she was of the ancient worldŠhave swept this " Roman question " to the front. And yet, he asks himself, why should there be any desire to see this question raised at  this time ?Šfor, "not for yearsŠI had almost said for centuriesŠhas the moral and political influence of the Vatican stood at so high a level." In his view, too, the very disabilities under which the Pope has chafed so im-patiently have been to the advantage of the Papacy, " and the Holy See has gained enor-mously by its dissociation from the responsi-bilities of secular power." So that now it is a fact " that the Papal chair is raised in the eyes of the Roman Catholic world above the throne of kaiser and czar and king, that it is in a sense protected and guaranteed by Eu-rope, that it has founded a new empire in the world, that it is sustained by an acute and active diplomacy, and yet is free from actual responsibility, and, like Hamlet's ghost, pos-sesses a certain majestical invulnerability of its own." Yes, all this is trueŠthe papal power is a creature of destiny and of prophecy. -Until that destiny and that prophecy are fulfilled, it does possess a certain invulnerability. But when that time has come when she shall feel no longer these disabilities and shall say, " I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow," then " shall her plagues come in one day, death and mourning, and famine: and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her." RELIGIOUS TEACHING IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. A SESSION of the American Society of Re-ligious Education was held in Washington, D. C., April 20-22, for the purpose of dis-cussing religious education in its relation to the welfare of society and of the Church. The discussion turned largely to the sub-ject of the religious training of children. This it was assumed would be conducted by those to whom the general education of chil-dren was most largely entrusted; in other words, to those holding positions in public institutions of instruction. Some of the assertions by which the dis-cussion was characterized, were, that the teaching of our relations to the future was of greater importance than the teaching of our relation to God ; that to know the reasons for belief was more important than belief itself; and that knowledge would be an effectual bar against all the isms which were leading the minds of many in the Christian world astray, and which could not be combatted by any-thing but an intelligent comprehension of the doctrines of the Christian religion. These and other statements made gave evidence that in the minds of prominent members of the association, the religious education required was not a mere knowledge of fundamental principles of Christian ethics, but a complete knowledge of the doctrines of Christianity. There is manifestly an increasing sentiment in this country in favor of combining religious instruction with secular teaching in our pub-lic educational institutions, and of making this religious instruction comprehensive of the doctrines of Christianity. In so far as this results in the introduction of religious teaching in schools supported by the State, it must tend to a union of Church and State. The various religious denominations will in-evitably be drawn into competition for the selection, through their influence, of instruc-tors in the public schools, and also for the determination of the doctrines which shall be taught as pertaining to the Christian religion. A wide field would inevitably be opened up for denominational controversy; and the most powerful, or prevailing, church would receive the support of the State in the public dissem-ination of its doctrines, and the training of Would it not be well for the State of Pennsylvania, or for any State, if all its citizens were as conscientious and as careful of human rights as are these men ? And yet it is proposed by certain zealous religion- Ł ists of their neighborhood to petition the borough council for authority to prosecute them in case they do not in the future ob-serve Sunday. It is always the best citizens who are made the victims of religious prose-cutions. 