710 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. gar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefoie those who have mot ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poet-otlee.) The Prosecutions in Maryland. ,THE cases of Messrs. John Curlett and John H. Rhodes, of Ford's Store, Maryland, charged with having violated the Sunday law of that State, were tried in the circuit court at Centreville, Nov. 9, 10, the result being a sentence against each of the defendants of thirty days in jail. A remarkable and very significant phase of legal opposition to observers of the seventh day Sabbath de-veloped at this trial. The circumstances leading up to this result are as follows. Ford's Store is a small town situated on Chesapeake Bay, the residents being almost exclusively oystermen. These oystermen generally own each a plot of a few acres of ground, on which they raise corn and garden products. By the law of the State oyster fishing is forbidden on Sunday, and in this respect the Sunday law is generally observed. During the oyster season, which begins early in the fall, the men are busy at their trade from early morning till night every day on which it can be legally followed, and Sunday being their one day of leisure, be-comes the natural time for attending to incidental work which may be necessary about their premises, mending their apparatus for fishing, etc. The men who are now in jail at Centreville were ar-rested for having worked on Sunday at cutting corn. This corn is cut for fodder, and must be cut at a certain time in order to save it from becoming useless. As such it falls, when the time for cutting it arrives, within the class of goods known as "perishable," which goods are allowed by the Sunday law to be handled on Sunday in any way necessary to prevent pecuniary loss. The men were at work on Mr. Curlett's premises, their position being such as to make it necessary to spy them out in order to know that any work was being done. The man who caused their arrest, Mr. Linwood Lane, had on the same Sunday been sailing for pleasure on the lefty, and was returning when he spied the men at work. Taking his horse and carriage he then drove first to one church and then to another to find the sheriff, and fi- nally to his house, where he found him, and then, with-the sheriff, to the field, where the men were working. It was necessary for the prosecution, at the trial, in,  order to sustain its case, to prove that the work doneŁ was not work of necessity; this work being permissible-under the law. As cutting corn for stock on Sunday is usually allowed to be a work of necessity, and as it could not be charged that the work had disturbed or interfered with any person, since no one claimed to have been dis-turbed or even to object to the work, in itself; and asŁ  the constitution of the State allowed them to freely fol-low the religious practices dictated by conscience, pro-vided only that such practices were not immoral or in violation of the rights of others, it did not seem that any case could possibly be made out against them. But this view did not count upon the position that was to be taken in these cases by the prosecuting attor-ney,Ša position that has never been taken before in any similar case in this country. Boldly stepping out from under the cover of such excuses or reasons as are usually alleged for the Sunday laws upon civil grounds, the State's attorney declared, and reiterated and empha-sized the statement, that the offense for which the men were being tried was that, of having violated the sanctity of the Christian Sabbath, which had become established by custom and by the law. It was not the work that these men had done on Sunday, or that others in the community usually did on that day, he said, that consti-tuted the offense. That was not what they were being tried for; but, he said, when men belong to a religious sect which hold to the disregard of Sunday as a principle of religious belief, and violate the Sunday law on that ground, it is necessary to interfere to prevent the spread of such moral contamination! The State wanted good citizens, he said, and these men were not good citizens. Mark what is contained in this position which has now been taken in the courts against observers of the seventh day. All civil grounds which have been alleged in support of Sunday observance were ignored, and the offense was charged flatly upon the ground of religion. It was not the Sunday work that the men had done that was objectionable. Others did work on that day; in fact the great majority were wholly careless of the law as regards such work as the defendants were charged with doing. But these men belonged to a religious body which did not believe in the sanctity claimed for Sunday, while others who worked on Sunday did believe in it, or at least professed to. Or if they did not profess to be-lieve in Sunday as the Sabbath, they did not express any opinion to the contrary. They simply did not care whether Sunday was or was not the "Christian Sabbath" or whether any day was the Christian Sabbath. There-fore they were to be exempt from prosecution, while the others were people to be arrested and punished. The one class were conscientious in the matter, and the other class were not; and the conscientious people were the ones to be punished, and they were to be pun-ished because they were conscientious; while the etkers 