,AMERICAN SENTINEL. 541 Our Special Offer Closed. WITH this issue closes our special offer on the SENTI-NEL. When we determined to make it, it was with some misgivings, fearing that the hot weather, the hard times and the busy condition of our friends would militate against its success. However, we had faith to believe that the principles for which the paper stands in defense where so strongly entrenched in their hearts that when an opportunity was offered to do missionary work in its behalf, it would be embraced. We are glad to say that we have not been disappointed. The time for work was only about one month, yet during this period we have received nearly 5000 new subscribers. Considering all the circumstances, we think this quite remarkable; indeed, in conversation with a newspaper man a few days since, when he was apprised of the results of the offer, he could hardly believe us, and declared that there was not an-other paper in the United States with an equal circula-tion that could accomplish the same results in the same time and with the same effort. We told him frankly that we agreed with him, from the fact that we did not believe there was another paper in the land that had the constituency back of it that the SENTINEL had, and that there was where the secret lay. Now, just a word to those who have so cordially re-sponded to this offer. We thank you most sincerely for the effort, and desire to assure you that it will be our earnest endeavor to make the paper more than ever reflect the spirit of the message it bears. We shall bring it into the closest possible relationship with all the peo-ple, and will try to make its teachings so clear, so lucid, so forcible and convincing that they cannot but arrest the attention of those into whose hands it falls. We have introduced into this issue some improve-ments which we trust will be appreciated. More are to follow. It is our ambition to make the SENTINEL so valuable a paper that anyone who has once been a sub- scriber will feel that in failing to read it, he will sustain a personal loss. We want its weekly visits to be warmly welcomed by every member of the SENTINEL family. And now, we sincerely hope that your kindly interest in the paper will not cease, but as opportunity presents cooper-ate with us in raising the circulation of the only paper of its kind in the United States till its influence shall be felt throughout the length and breadth of the land. MR. D. DICKIE, of Orchard Lake, Mich., writes: "I am becoming more and more interested in the SENTINEL, as it is a staunch advocate of equal rights for all and special privileges for none. Our present condition is of our own doing. The majorities have voted for it. Now we are in a bad fix, and how shall we extricate ourselves ? Expe-rience is generally a dear teacher, but the lessons learned are salutary if heeded. The crisis through which we are passing is a most striking example of man's inhumanity  and injustice to his fellow-man. May the SENTINEL raise its voice like a trumpet for the right." A Suggestion. WE have received several orders to discontinue copies of the SENTINEL sent to parties under our special offer, because of the impression that they would later be asked to pay for what they themselves had not ordered. We would again suggest the propriety of, those who send the papers in this manner, notifying the parties to whom the paper is mailed that it is sent them free of cost. MR. R. G. W. COLLINS, of Dodgeville, Wis., in remit-ting for twenty-four subscriptions, says: "I enclose you a list of subscribers I have secured for the SENTINEL, which includes some of the bestmen of the city. I have not been well or could have done much better. Success to the little giant." Card. To all interested in carrying thegospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ER1CAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious hiberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, ADDRESS, AFIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. Per Year, Six months, Three " - - $1.00. - 