y..046110;1..1 equal and &xact Justice to all Men, of' Whatever State or cersua$ion, religious or colitical.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 18, 1892. NUMBER 7. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY TEE PACIFIC _PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEAY YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE phrase " a Christian nation" is ab-surd. If every man, woman, and child in the State were a Christian, we should then not be a Christian Nation, but a Nation of Christians. Christianity is not a national characteristic; it does not run in the blood. No one is a Christian in virtue of his birth, of a certain race, or of citizenship in a certain State. Christianity is a personal and an acquired characteristic, and is not essential to nationality or to citizenship.ŠNational Baptist. THE State does not know religion. It does not know dependence on God, obliga-tion, responsibility, duty, love, or obedi-ence to God. These all are personal cog-nitions and experiences. Persons having them may, and frequently do, organize on them as a basis and for their cultivation. The Church is such an organization. But such a society the State is not. It is based on cognitions and experiences entirely dif-ferent and for entirely other purposes. Persons who do not have these cognitions and experiences, and who deny the possi-bility of having them, belong to the State, hence a religious character is impossible for a nation.ŠRev. Owen James. Own, liberty is the legitimate and neces-sary outgrowth of true religion. In just the proportion that false religion occupies the hearts and influences the minds of those who make and enforce the laws of a country, will legislative and judicial re-ligion infringe upon the right of the cit-izen to worship and hold such religious belief as he will. God exacts heart-service  of his followers, as little children,Šnot political support, as of party adherents. The failure to appreciate this fact and be governed accordingly is to give unmistak-able evidence of the fact that true religion, as expressed in the gospel of Jesus Christ, has failed to find lodgment in the heart. To those who appeal to the decree of the judge, the club of the policeman, or the sword of the soldier, to uphold and enforce their views of religion, that is a sealed book in which it is written, "Whatsoever ye would that others should do unto you do ye even so unto them." Another Tennessee Case. A CASE almost coincident with that of R. M. King, of Tennessee, is that of W. H. Parker vs. the State of Tennessee. Parker lived at Springville, Tennessee, and was convicted, in the Circuit Court of Henry County, of following his common avocation, that of blacksmith, publicly, upon Sunday, in the month of April 1885, and upon other Sundays previous to that,Šin fact that it was his usual habit to work in his shop on the first day of the week; and to this accusation no demur was made. Conviction followed in the lower courts and the case was taken to the Supreme Court of the State, on an appeal in error from the Circuit Court of Henry County. There, although the statute Of the State does not make Sunday labor an indictable offense, but only finable in the sum of three dollars, to be recovered be-fore a justice of the peace, it was held that the repetition of the acts of Sunday labor constituted a nuisance and thus became indictable. The decision of the lower court was sustained, and Parker subjected to fine and costs amounting to sixty-nine dollars and eighty-one cents. This fine he refused to pay, in the belief that the payment of the penal sum would be, on his part, a virtual acknowledgment of the justice of the conviction, and submission of his con-scientious religious belief to the decree of the court. The only alternative left him was to serve out the amount in the com- mon jail, to which he accordingly went under a sentence of two hundred and eighty days. After having served fifty-nine days he was taken with malarial fever and was released from confinement, on his bond to return upon his recovery ; after the lapse of two months he returned to the jail and worked out the remainder of his sentence. However, the malarial poison there absorbed remained in his system and he finally died, as has been claimed by some, from the lingering ef-fects of the imprisonment. The case of Parker was used as a precedent, under the ruling in which it was assumed that the court must find a similar verdict in the case of King, in which the precedent case was imitated by bringing an indictment upon the plea .that King's farm labor, on Sunday, amounted to a public nuisance. The case is reported on page 476 of vol-ume 16 of Reports of cases argued and Ł determined in the Supreme Court of Ten-nessee, reported by Benjamin J. Lea, At-torney General and reporter, in which it is said of Parker's labor thatŠ The indictment avers said work was a disturbance and nuisance to the good citizens of said county, and it was averred that such work was not neces-sary, or a matter of charity. Another count charges that Parker was guilty of a public nuisance by such work on Sunday, to the prejudice of the public morals and contrary to the statutes, etc. The proof upon the trial was, that defendant was a blacksmith, having a shop near Springville, in said county, and numerous witnesses testify to having seen him at work at his trade in his shop upon different Sundays within twelve months before the finding of the indictment. One witness said that he knew the defendant worked at his business every Sunday. The defendant's counsel insists that although it is proved that the defendant worked at his trade on Sunday, there is no evidence to show that he disturbed or damaged any person thereby so as to constitute a nuisance, and unless it does appear by proof that some person or persons were disturbed or annoyed, the offense might be punish-able under section 2289, of New Code, but is not indictable. It is held in 1 Lea, 129, 130, that hunting, or fish-ing on Sunday may be punished by indictment, and these offenses are declared punishable by the same penalties as those prescribed in Section 2289, New Code. See section 2290. So that the working at 