AMERICAN SENTINEL. 281 man, in a recent sermon made this pertinent reference to the spectacle which so many church people are prone to regard as entirely compatible with Christianity:Š "The outlook in Europe never presented so wholly an unchristian spectacle since the days of Constantine. Even in mediaeval days, peace, and not war, was regarded as the normal condition of men. Now nations were watch-ing one another like wild beasts in a jungle, and Christian Europe had armed itself in defiance of everything which Christ came to teach. Blood and iron rule; huge camps and seas, crowded with horrible ships of war, met the eye at every turn. Men scrambled for land, and the question was who should be first in the race. Are we to be swept away in the Pagan scramble?" There is room in the world for a few more clergymen who are not afraid to call things by their right names. A WRITER in a journal devoted to the cause of Sun-day-legislation, notes the increasing desecration of the "Sabbath" in the United States, and adds that "the -wickedness of the West is surely, but slowly, traveling East." To which it may properly be added that it will be a very good thing for the West if the wickedness of the East can be prevented from traveling in that direction. For there is as much more wickedness in the East than in the West as there are more sinners in the East than in the West, and there are more sinners in the East than in the Wet for the simple reason that the East is more thickly populated. It is characteriStic of this National Reform standard of righteousness that it overlooks the wickedness of the "scribes and pharisees," while being profoundly shocked at the sins of the publicans. But the latter are the more righteous of the two classes. * A NEW YORK CITY daily which has earnestly labored to promote the war which is now begun, gives this quo-tation and credit, which is more pertinent than the paper intends it to be:Š "My sentence is for open war." ŠMilton. The quotation is from "Paradise Lost," and the words are there given as emanating from a council of devils. What seems to be the language of a Milton, often has its real authority from the devil. THE New York Sun mentions that "a number of young men, who were formerly members of the Second Company, Boys' Brigade, of the First Presbyterian Church in Jersey City, have organized a company of volunteers and offered themselves as a nucleus for the regiment the Board of Trade proposes to organize," etc. The "Boys' Brigade" business is calculated to train the boys for actual war and to develop in them the military spirit which longs for the experience of real conflict. The World Can See It. IT is a significant fact that the tremendous and un-ceasing preparations for war which are in progress the world over, call up even in the minds of the irreligious the words of prophetic Scripture which connect "wars and rumors of wars" with the troublous times of the last days of the world. The following in a recent issue of a London (Eng.) secular journal, the Evening News, is an illustra-tion. It points out what is being done by only one of the great Powers, England, and that at a time when "Her Majesty's government"Šas stated in England's proclamation of neutrality a few days agoŠis happily at peace with all other civilized governments. The News says:Š " 'Wars and rumors of wars' is an ancient prophecy with nearly two thousand birthdays; and judging from the strange stories which are floating about just now, the latter part of the prophecy is being fulfilled with a ven-geance. Eyes are at this moment naturally being turned toward the government dockyards and factories, and any extra activity in them is attributed to impending warfare. "Woolwich Arsenal is extremely busy at present, busier than it has been probably for half a century, for England has been making ready for the worst for some years. "For two years, at any rate, work at the Arsenal has not ceased day or night in several of the departments. "One good reason for this is the keen competition of the rival Powers. "Altogether there are at the Arsenal some17,000 em-ployes, and about 4,000 of them are engaged in night work, starting at six in the evening and leaving at five in the morning, three of these hours are overtime, and the day workers are doing about the same extra work. "In the torpedo factory there are 400 men working overtime; there are the same number in the fuse factory, and, so far as can be ascertained, other departments are proportionately busy. "But overtime at the Arsenal is not a novelty, and has caused no trepidation or anxiety among the employes. The more work the more pay, and the STEADY INCREASE OF WORK has done good all round. Through overtime the engi-neers, says one of the men, have made £4 a week, skilled laborers £2 5s., and unskilled men £1 10s. "A casual visitor to Woolwich with the China situa-tion in his mind might see in the bright glare at the Arse-nal the beacon of a coming warfare, in which all the na-tions of the earth shall participate. Those who live in Woolwich are used to this, however, for they have seen the factories lighted up for the last two years or more. "Nevertheless the employes at the Arsenal are work-ing with increased energy just now. "The War Office has ordered half a million cartridges a week in excess of last year, bringing the total weekly output up to 2,000,000. "In the fuse factory the men are engaged on 2,500 fuses of one make, and 1,800 of another, and orders 