THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. 309 A Fatal Alliance. THE zealous sectarians of Washington Territory have been unusually active in procuring signa-tures to petitions asking the Legislature in session at Olympia to pass laws exempting church prop-erty from taxation. This was one of the impor-tant questions before the people during our recent visit to the upper country. The position of all Jewish-American citizens on this subject is well known. They are unflinching opponents of any alliance between Church and State, since history teaches that all such alliances have been fatal to individual rights and the liberty of the people. This is strikingly illustrated in the history of Italy, of Spain, and of Mexico, and of other coun-tries. The colonies of America under English rule give further proof of the danger of an al-liance of Church and State. The dominant sect, taking advantage of this union of the civil and the ecclesiastical law, persecuted the minor sects, and did not hesitate to inflict torture upon all who dissented from the ruling sect. The colonies but followed the cruel, remorseless code of religious Europe, both before and after the Reformation. With these facts before us, we deemed it our bounden duty to oppose, with all the influence at our command, the scheme of the various sects that sought to accomplish a result which we- know would be a virtual union of Church and State in Washington Territory, so far as the non-taxation of church property is concerned. We delivered an address on the subject before a mixed audience in the Unitarian Church at Tacoma, which seemed to reflect the views of the liberal and enlightened portion of the community. The Unitarians and other liberal-minded Christian sects are, like ourselves, the avowed opponents of the marriage of Church and State, as are that great body of citizens who, while deeply religious by nature, are not communicants of any church. Conspicuous among our best and noblest friends at Tacoma as a resolute opponent of Church and State alliance, is Rev. Mr. Copeland, pastor of the Unitarian Church of that city. The reverend gentleman has the courage of his convictions, and on the point under discussion his intelligent congregation heartily coincide with him. Underlying this important subject are some fundamental truths which should not be forgotten, and which, kept constantly in view, are bulwarks to strengthen citizens in their duty towards the State. Under our republican system of govern-ment the observance of religion is purely a private act, and the Constitution of the United States solemnly prohibits all interference on the part of the State as to the manner in which each citizen may worship according to the dictates of his conscience. All church property, under the real letter and spirit of the national Constitution, is private property, and should be taxed like any other private property. The church must pay for protection like the citizen. It is manifestly un-just and unconstitutional that a vast religious cor-poration, owning millions of dollars worth of real estate, with costly temples thereon, in the heart of great cities, should go untaxed, while the house and lot of the humble carpenter, shoemaker, tailor, or other tradesman, are taxed to the cent. In some States this crying injustice is still perpe-trated-in defiance of the! national Constitution, but fortunately California is not burdened with this relic of barbarism still existing in other com-monwealths of the Union. The American people have shattered the fetters and chains forged by  priests and kings to keep mankind in bondage of mental and moral degradation, but alas ! there still exists among certain sects in this country an evil and lurking spirit that would again gladly welcome a fatal union of Church and State. To carry on a peaceful, unending war against this evil spirit of sectarian fanaticism, until it is edu-cated to obey the civil power, is the sacred duty of all true lovers of civil and religious liberty.ŠJewish Times. Hear" The-Church Union." IN the August issue of the above paper we read the following : " The Russian Government seems to favor church union, and manifests the same in its own autocratic 'way. In that country it shall be the Greek' Church or nothing. No other is permitted to have a secure footing. Only the other day the Lutherans numbered many thousands (twenty, we are informed), who had long worshiped within the empire of the czar; and now they are prohibited. Their fate is, however, that of all the other evangelical people who are of a like citizenship, and who re-fuse to acknowledge the ecclesiastical headship of the reigning monarch. " Whilst we do, of course, condemn this he-roic' surgery, even in a cause the principle of which is soundŠa surgery to which freemen would never submitŠ[Why not, if the principle be sound ?] yet we have been sometimes tempted to wish that there were some authority the ra-tional exercise of which would render impossible the further continuance of useless denominations of Christian believers, or the needless formation of new ones in the future! Meanwhile, in the absence of such a power, the appeal must be made to that piety in the churches which will not forever allow bigotry to get the better of sober thoughtfulness." The above article, if submitted to the pope, would secure his eager approbation, and at the earliest hour possible he would be glad to favor the friends of "The Church Union" by using such " authority " as " would render impossible the further continuance " and " formation " of Protestant denominations. Then, friends, after having been forced to unite with the Roman Catholic Church, your yearning after " Church Union" would be satisfied, we presume, and per-haps you, in anticipation, date the,  millennium from that event. Or is it possible that we mis-understand ? for another version of the above would be, that the only objection you have to the Russian tyrannical attempts at church union, " the principle of which is sound" (!?), is the ac-cidental fact that it is the Russian Government in the enviable position of "power " and author-ity, " and not the supporters of " The Church Union," whoever they may be. Excuse us for misunderstanding; but you should speak plainer. Or do you find it advisable to wear the sheep's clothing ? " Meanwhile, " may God, in his in-finite mercy, continue " the absence of such a power" from our beloved country, for its presence would mark his just wrath over our sins. In-clude this petition in your prayer, dear reader, the more, so since such " piety in the churches " is already " bigotry, " and not " sober thought-fulness."ŠA. M., in Lutheran, Witness, Sept. 7. Ti 1(t Ł ,414  - " I CHARGE thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom, preach the word." Church and State. THE New Mexico constitutional convention, now in session at Santa Fe, has been addressed in an open letter by Archbishop Salpointe, defining the Roman Catholic position on education, and appealing to the convention to shape the new constitution in accordance with it. If the request should be acceeded to, the constitution of New Mexico would be radically different from that of any existing constitution in the United States, either State or territorial, says the Denver News. It would be a radical innovation upon the spirit of the national organic law, and upon the prac-tice of the respective States. The archbishop wants an association of Church and State, by which the State shall provide for religious instructions in the public schools, to be supported from the school fund, supplemented by general taxation. He cites the Canadian and European plans to illustrate his meaning. The proposition is deadly to a principle that underlies this free government, and that is essential to its perpetuity. The alliance of Church and State it contemplates is unfavorable to civil liberty and to spiritual progress. Our present system has worked for more than a century with better results than any other known to history. Would it be wise to transform the government in a matter of vital importance by borrowing an educational system from Canada or from Europe ? The Canadian method has pitted one province of the dominion against the rest in a war of treasonable bigotry and religious hate. What European country do we care to select as an example in this particu-lar? Are not the superior advantages of the United States in giving humanity a chance con-ceded by the oppressed of every land? Does not the flow of immigration, aggregating more than seven millions, affirmatively answer the question? Why, then, seek a radical change in the government? Will anyone question that the archbishop asks for a fundamental change? There is no better authority on this point than Judge Cooley, who, in his " Constitution Limita-tions," enumerates among those things which are not lawful under any of the American institu-tions, " the compulsory support, by taxation or otherwise, of religious instruction. Not only is no one denomination to be favored at the expense of the rest, but all support of religious instruc-tion must be entirely voluntary." With such a revolution backward as Arch-bishop Salpointe would provide for in the consti-tution of New Mexico, the territory would not stand one-half the chance of getting into the Union that Utah would, with polygamy in its most rampart stage; and what is more, the admis-sian of Utah with polygamy would not involve a tithe of the danger to the nation that would be inseparable from the archbishop's proposition, should it be adopted. This country has a moral force to overcome polygamy in a single common-wealth, but the sacrifice of the public-school sys-tem in only one State, by recognizing an alliance that has proved a blighting curse to the human race, would be an entering wedge that would stimulate a controversy of the most wretched kind that can afflict a people. The archbishop's idea is imported. It is not American, but is hos-tile to American liberty. In the several consti-tutions lately adopted by the northern Territories it is not heard of. Concessions have been made touching the pub-lic schools for nearly fifty years, and even now there is an overwhelming spirit of fairness that is 