'THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 117 vere measures that the stubbornness of these heretics might make it necessary to adopt,' would call forth bitter denunciations. This is to be expected. But finding the "powers that be" fully arrayed against them, they will be obliged to accept the inevitable, to submit to the ruling laws as they exist. Better if it were necessary that some, at least, of the lead-ers of heretical doctrines be given to the fagot and the rack than be allowed to lead deluded armies down to everlasting perdition. But fearful as such a condition would be, it far better come than that the teachings of the Church be supplanted by doc-trines and agencies that so inevitably lead to certain ruin. He then takes up the objection that nothing of this kind would be tolerated in this age of freedom, and says:Š Of course not, under our present loose systein of allowing the most blasphemous doctrines to be advocated ad libitum, protected by laws in so do-ing. So long as this condition exists there can be but little hope of the supremacy of the Church. But when the legislation sought for is had, the ChUrch will defend itself in the measure demanded by the assults of its opposers. It is evident there is to be a life and death struggle; either the Church or its adversaries are to prevail. Can there be any doubt that God will approve any measure, however severe, to sustain his authority against the powers combined against it ? . . . With this blessed assur-ance to encourage, all who would see the Church sustained and prosper should labor to this end with unrelenting vigor. More might be quoted to the same import, but this must suffice. The pamphlet is valuable as portraying the real spirit of Na-tional Reform. The author makes but one serious mistake, and that is hi arguing that National Reform is in harmony with the spirit of Christianity, and that the God of the Bible would be pleased with such methods. But can we wonder that this "layman" shbuld thus mistake the spirit of Satan for the spirit of the Master, when so many ministers of the gospel. fall into the same grievous error ? Christianity is of itself a most benign thing, National Reformers and Free-thinkers to the contrary, notwithstand-ing. Christ himself ever rebuked the spirit that would call down fire from heaven to devour his enemies, and it is only when his followers have departed from him that they have invoked the sword of the civil power to coerce men in spiritual things. The conclusion, there-fore, of our author is not justified, namely that when the,Church, aided by State and governmental laws, shall come back to the old orthodox standard, uninfluenced by freethought and progressive ideas, not allowing conscience to be exercised adversely to its interests, then may we feel assured that God's blessing will follow in a measure that shall leave no doubt that the low spiritual condition, the lack of vital power and influence that has so largely char-acterized the Church status, its inefficiency, was largely due to the undue leniency toward all oppos-ing elements. On the contrary, the Church would gain nothing by the securing of the civil power. The blessing of God follows trust in him, and not force. The National Reform theory which, by the way, is closely akin to the infidel theory, that Christianity is dependent for its very existence upon  human effort and support, is as dishonor-ing to God as it is destructive of true religion. " When those first fair Eden glories met the eager, raptured eyes Of our then unsinning parents in that pristine par-adise, Our good Father gave them all things, save the fruit of one fair tree,Š Set the good and ill before them, made their power of choosing free. God doth ne'er compel our spiritsŠwe may choose the good or ill. 'Tis the willing heart he loveth, but he never chained the will. " Through the portal man threw open when he broke God's high decree, Poured the clouds of error, followed by dark mists of misery, Š Error blinded human vision, so that mortals did not see, Through the long Dark Ages after, that God made the spirit free. So they sought to make it servile by the prison and the rack, Till the beams of truth broke o'er them, and the clouds were drifted back." C. P. B. Burdensome Laws. IT IS apparent that, taken as a Nation, our statute books, are burdened with many uncalled-for laws. And the spirit of the age is in this line, taxing its inge-nuity to discover new paths in which to legislate, each enactment forging another link in the restricting chain of personal liberty. It is the spirit of- " paternalism." Were all these laws strictly enforced nearly every man in the country would be behind prison bars. Attention needs to be given to the enforcement of existing law and the repealing of one thousand and one unnecessary enactments.ŠMoral and Scientific Companion. The Sabbath Question. For the Bulletin : THE discussion of the Sabbath question now so vigorously carried on throughout the country was specially sprung in 1888, when the American Sabbath Union was organized. Auxiliary societies have been established in nearly all the States, and the friends of the Union are pushing its purpose with great zeal. Wisely or un-wisely opened, the battle is on. The issues are in the hands of God and the patriotic citizens of the United States. There is, perhaps, no graver or greater questionŠcertainly none which so directly concerns the liberties of our peopleŠbe-cause involved in the outcome is the inter-ference or non-interference of the State with religious institutions. The American Sabbath Union is working to secure the legal recognition and protection of a spe-cific and religious day, called Sunday, regardless of the moral rights and con-sciences of vast numbers of God-fearing and loyal citizens of our country. The Union is not willing that the Jew shall have a Sunday or Sabbath, nor that the large number of Seventh-day Adventists and Baptists shall be regarded with re-spect. As many crimes have been corn- mitted in the name of liberty so have many curses come upon the people in the name of religion. Great majorities on any subject are apt to become unpatriotic and tyrannic. The duty of the people is to watch principles, not majorities, and learn that vigilance and personal action and independence are often absolutely neces-sary to the perpetuation of pure religion and pure civil government. We have come to that sort of a crisis in the history of our religious institutions. We are now compelled to say whether or not we want the State to legislate on re-ligious subjects, and fix by law our relig-ious institutions. The American Sabbath Union declares its wish that the State shall declare itself in favor of one specific day as the Sabbath of America, and thereby force thousands of its own citizens either to disregard its behests or the behests of their own moral and religious conscience. We must face the issue. The labors of a life-time ought to protect one from the charge of foreignism on this subject. It is for the good of ourfree institutions and for the good 'of religion that we give our voice against the purpose of the American Sabbath Union. Nor are we able for a moment to believe that the objects sought by the Union are other than sincerely de-sired and religiously entertained. We think, however, the movement a blunder. The zeal of the Lord's house has eaten them up. They seem blind to everything on this subject other than majority notions of religion. They seem to forget that to oppress one sincere conscience in religion is ungodly. They also seem to forget that the national Constitution forbids Congress, and therefore the State, legislat-ing in the interests of religion or fixing any moral status by statute. We feel sure that the purpose of the Union, so far as legislation is concerned, will fail. The grounds of opposition to the legislative phase of the Union's work will be stated in a few brief papers which, by courtesy of the editor will be published in the Sunday Bulletin. The opposition in no way touches the great fact that we do sorely need, in these reckless times, some higher regard for the office of a sacred rest day. Our people ought to love and practice the privileges of a worshipful rest day. But to attempt to secure this good by lawŠto force the conscience of any of our fellow-citizensŠis both un-patriotic and unreligious. I am heartily in favor of the movement looking toward the better observance of the Christian Sunday by Christians themselves. And just as heartily do I desire to see among the general mass of non-professional or non-religious citizens a more respectful behavior toward the worshipful rest day that custom has established in our country. But there is a lawful and an impartial way to reach this desired end. That way does not come through legislation. In the paper to appear next Sunday, the 