"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, APRIL 19, 1894. NUMBER 16.   American Sentinel. PUBLISFIED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York PostŠOffice. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS,1 WILLIAM 11. MC KEE. PROFESSED Protestantism and Roman Catholicism have already clasped hands; their present apparent antagonism is only superficial; it is the effervescence of in-dividual particles which marks a chemical union. The principles of the two religious systems are fast becoming identical. As Roman Catholicism and professed Protestantism assimilate, their union with Spiritu-,tlism will become more and more apparent; but, through its defense of the unscriptural theory of natural immortal-ity Protestantism will be led first to join itself with the higher forms of Spiritualis-tic doctrine,Šthen, when the three, Ca-tholicism, false Protestantism, and Spirit-ualism, are in full sympathy and union, the rights of conscience will be totally ignored and this country be ripe for the great delusion which prophecy foretells. Character and Aims of the Papacy. ROMANISM is now regarded by Protes-tants with far greater favor than in former years. In those countries where Cathol-icism is not in the ascendancy, and the papists are taking a conciliatory course in order to gain influence, there is an in-creasing indifference concerning the doc-trines that separate the reformed churches from the papal hierarchy; the opinion is gaining ground, that, after all, we do not differ so widely upon vital points as been supposed, and that a little concession on our part will bring us into a better understanding with Rome. The time was when Protestants placed a high value upon the liberty of conscience which has been so dearly purchased. They taught their children to abhor popery, and held that to seek harmony with Rome would be disloyalty to God. But how widely different are the sentiments now expressed. The defenders of popery declare that the Church has been maligned; and the Prot- estant world is inclined to accept the statement. Many urge that it is unjust to judge the Church of to-day by the abominations and absurdities that marked her reign during the centuries of igno-rance and darkness. They excuse her horrible cruelty as the result of the bar- barism of the times, and plead that the influence of modern civilization has changed her sentiments. Have these persons forgotten the claim of infallibility put forth for eight hundred years by this haughty power ? So far from being relinquished, this claim has been affirmed in the nineteenth century with greater positiveness than ever before. As Rome asserts that she "never erred, and never can err," how can she renounce the principles which governed her course in past ages ? The papal Church will never relinquish her claim to infallibility. All that she has done in her persecution of those who reject her dogmas, she holds to be right; and would she not repeat the same acts, should the opportunity be presented ? Let the restraints now imposed by secular governments be removed, and Rome be reinstated in her former power, and there would speedily be a revival of her tyranny and persecution. A recent writer speaks thus of the atti-tude of the papal hierarchy as regards freedom of conscience, and of the perils which especially threaten the United States from the success of her policy :Š There are many who are disposed to attribute any fear of Roman Catholicism in the United States to bigotry or childishness. Such see nothing in the character and attitude of Romanism that is hostile to our free institutions, or find nothing portentous in its growth. Let us, then, first, compare some of the fun-damental principles of our Government with those of the Catholic Church. The Constitution of the United States guarantees liberty of conscience. Nothing is dearer or more fun-damental. Pope Pius IX., in his encyclical letter of August 15, 1854, said: "The absurd and erroneous doctrines or ravings in defense of liberty of con-science, are a most pestilential errorŠa pest, of all others, most to be dreaded in a State." The same pope, in his encyclical letter of December 8, 1864, anathematized " those who assert the liberty of con-science and of religious worship," also " all such as maintain that the Church may not employ force." The pacific tone of Rome in the United States does not imply a change of heart. She is tolerant where she is helpless. Says Bishop O'Connor: "Religious liberty is merely endured until the opposite can be carried into effect without peril to the Catholic world."  The Archbishop of St. Loui.s once said: "Heresy and unbelief are crimes; and in Christian countries, as in Italy and Spain, for instance, where all the people are Catholics, and where the Catholic religion is an essen-tial part of the law of the land, they are punished as other crimes." Every cardinal, archbishop, and bishop in the Catho-lic Church takes an oath of allegiance to the pope, in which occur the following words: "Heretics, schis-matics, and rebels to our said lord the pope, or his aforesaid successors, I will to my utmost persecute and oppose.ŠJosiah Strong, D. D., in " Our Country," 1919. 46-48. It is true that there are real Christians in the Roman Catholic communion. Thousands in that church are serving God according to the best light they have. They are not allowed access to his Word, and therefore they do not discern the truth. They have never seen the contrast between a living heart-service and a round of mere forms and ceremonies. God looks with pitying tenderness upon these souls, educated as they are in a faith that is delusive and unsatisfying. He will cause rays of light to penetrate the dense darkness that surrounds them. He will reveal to them the truth, as it is in Jesus, and many will yet take their position with his people. But Romanism as a system is no more in harmony with the gospel of Christ now than at any former period in her history. The Protestant churches are in great darkness, or they would discern the signs of the times. The Roman Church is far-reaching in her plans and modes of opera-tion. She is employing every device to extend her influence and increase her power in preparation for a fierce and de-termined conflict to regain control of the world, to re-establish persecution, and to undo all that Protestantism has done. Catholicism is gaining ground upon every side. See the increasing number of her churches and chapels in Protestant coun-tries. Look at the popularity of her col-leges and seminaries in America, so widely patronized by Protestants. Look at the growth of ritualism in England, and the frequent defections to the ranks of the Catholics. These things should awaken the anxiety of all who prize the pure prin-ciples of the gospel. Protestants have tampered with and patronized popery; they have made com-promises and concessions which papists themselves are surprised to see, and fail 