T1iE AMERICA.14.1 SENTINEL. 179 ings in regard to Sunday at the World's Fair occupies six full columns of the Con-gressional Record. THE day following this action of the House in Committee of the Whole,'Rep-resentative William A. Stone, of Pennsyl-vania sent a telegram to the United Presbyterian General Assembly, in session at Pittsburg, which conveys some infor-mation, and read between the lines is full of suggestions. This is the telegram:Š Du. DAVID MAC DILL, Moderator U. P. Assembly. Telegram received. House action yesterday only a preliminary skirmish to the battle that will be fought on special bill appropriating $5,000,000. We think it can not pass without proviso closing Exposition on Sabbath. Yeas and nays can then be called. W. A. STONE. " Only a 'preliminary skirmish," the " Yeas and nays can then be called," these are not phrases without meaning. The congressmen who object to the levy of " political blackmail "Šwhich this means, Šand who intend to place themslves on record, when the yeas and nays are called, as standing for civil liberty and equity, and religious truth and righteousness, should note carefully these phrases and study their meaning. If this is only a brush on the skirmish line, it may perhaps be hoped that in the contest to which this is preliminary there may be so full a presentation of the prin- ciples which should govern Congress in regard to such legislation as this, that Mr. Holman's assertion that " Everybody understands this question," may then be true, before the final vote is cast; so that, if the wrong be chosen, it be not chosen through ignorance. THE sentiment of those who have charge of matters pertaining to the World's Fair in the Senate, has been expresssd by Sen-ator Pettigrew, of South Dakota, Chair-man of the Committee on the Columbian Exposition, in an interview, to a reporter for the Mail and Express. The inter- viewer says :Š The Senator has taken a positive stand against desecrating the Sabbath by opening the Exposition on that day. "The action of the House yesterday, when sitting as a Committee of the Whole," he said, "insures, I think, the closing of the Exposition on Sunday." . . . The Senator said that the Senate Committee, of which he is chairman, was in favor of closing the Exposition on Sunday. "I have no doubt," he added, that the sentiment for closing the Exposition on the Sabbath will be successful. . . . Not long ago our Committee had protests against Sunday opening from over five hundred and twenty thousand persons, and now the number has doubled. Only a few Adventists, who think our Sunday is not the Sabbath, have proclaimed themselves in favor of Sunday opening." Then you think the action of the House means Sunday closing ? " I do not see how it can be interpreted other-wise." If the reporter has represented the Sen-ator fairly, what Mr. Holman said of the House is not true of the Senate, for here is, then, one senator, and that too, Chair-man of the World's Fair Committee,. who does not understand this question. No one with the least comprehension of the principles at stake in this matter would say that the "Adventists have proclaimed themselves in favor of Sunday opening." They are intelligent, enough to under-stand that they have no more right to petition for Sunday opening than others have for Sunday closing. Their petition is that Congress should avoid legislation upon that over which it has no jurisdiction, either to close or to open. If the reporter has been just to Mr. Pettigrew, his place is not in the United States Senate, Chair- man of the Committee on the World's Fair, but in the district school at the foot of the classes in civil government and United States history. But Mr. Pettigrew has his peers both in the House and the Senate. The flood-gates are about to open. We shall see what we shall see, and we shall see it soon. W. H. 1VI. Ł 4..  Seventh-day Adventists in Court. As the readers of THE SENTINEL are aware, the Grand Jury of Henry County, Tenn., at the January term of Court, found indictments against five Seventh-day Adventists, residents of that county, for maintaining a nuisance by working on Sunday. The parties indicted were J. H. Dortch, W. S. Lowry, J. Moon, James Stem, and W. H. Ward. The fol-lowing is a verbatim copy of one of the indictments which differed only in names and dates:Š State of Tennessee,  Henry County. Jan. Term, A. D., 1892. The Grand Jurors of the State of Ten-nessee, elected, empanelled, sworn and charged to inquire in and for the body of the county of Henry, in the State aforesaid, upon their oath, present that W. S. Lowry  late of said county, laborer, 'heretofore to wit on the 8th day of Nov., A. D. 1891, that day being Sunday, and divers other Sundays before that date and up to the taking of this inquisition, in the county of Henry, aforesaid, then and there, unlaw-fully, openly, publicly, notoriously and unceasingly did engage in his secular business, and did perform and follow his common avocations of life on Sun-days by working on the farm, plowing, hoeing, chopping, hauling wood, mauling rails, and doing various and divers other kinds of work on Sundays, said work not being necessary or a matter of char-ity, and it was and is to the great annoyance and disturbance of the people, to the evil example of society, prejudicial to public morals and a public nuisance to the citizens of the county and against the peace and dignity of the State. J. W. LEwis, Att. Gen. Sec. Count.ŠAnd the Grand Jurors aforesaid, upon their oaths aforesaid, do further present that the said W. S. Lowry, on the days and dates afore-said, and in manner and form as aforesaid, was guilty of a public nuisance by said working on Sunday, to the prejudice of society, and against the peace and dignity of the State. J. W. LEwis, Attorney General. None of the defendants had actually done all the kinds of work enumerated in the indictments, nor was it necessary to prove that such was the case; indeed the particular phraseology employed was only a roundabout way of saying that the parties indicted were farmers and that instead of resting on Sunday they followed their ordinary pursuits upon that day. Inasmuch as the gist of the charge was that the work " was and is to the great annoyance and disturbance of the people" " and a public nuisance to the citizens of the county," it naturally would be supposed that the indictments were found at the instigation of people living in the neigh-borhood, and that some at least of those who were so greatly annoyed were among the witnesses for the State; but such was not the case. Every Ł witness in each of  the cases was asked if the work disturbed or annoyed him ? and each witness testi-fied that it did not. The reader will naturally inquire, if those living in the immediate neighbor-hood in which the work was done were not annoyed by it, and if the indictments were not found at their instigation, why were they found at all ? The facts, as nearly as the writer has been able to ascertain them, are as follows : A man from the neighborhood in which the work complained of was done, happened to be at Paris, the county seat of Henry County on business at the time of the January term of Court. He was summoned before the Grand Jury and was asked by the At-torney-General, first if he did not live in the " Advent " neighborhood. He said that he did. He was then asked if they worked on Sunday. This too, was an-swered in the affirmative. The witness was then required to give the names of five of the leading members of the Sev-enth-day Adventist Church in that neigh-borhood; which he did, giving the names of the two elders, the deacon, and of two prominent lay members. So far as the writer is able to learn, the only evidence before the Grand Jury was the general statement of this one unwilling witness, that the Adventists worked on Sunday; and upon this evidence the in-dictments were found. The writer is also informed that the statement was made by the Attorney-General, that he was deter-mined to put a stop to "that Sunday work," that he would prosecute the Adventists to " the extent of the law," and that he wanted if possible to get the preacher who taught them to work on Sunday. This was not done, however, as the church has no resident pastor. The manner of the Attorney-General in conducting the trials throughout was in keeping with the way in which the indict-ments were found. In his mind those on trial were being tried, not as individuals, but as members of the Seventh-day Ad-ventist Church. This is clearly shown by some of his questions ; for instance, one witness was asked : " Do you know any-thing of the workings of the Seventh-day Adventist Church ?" Another was asked, " Are you a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church ?" " Is it the habit of that church to do secular business on Sun-day?" This question was asked of every witness until the Judge objected to it and told the Attorney-General to confine his questions to the practice of the individual defendant. However, in his plea to the jury the Attorney-General returned to the same idea, saying, ".I am sorry that we have among us this class of people." None of the defendants employed coun-sel, and all declined to permit the court to appoint counsel for them. They felt that they were being tried for their reli-gious faith, and so chose to stand upon the word of God: " And when they shall bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say : For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say." Each of the five defendants declined to plead to the indictment and the court en-tered for each the plea of not guilty. The reason of the defendants for not pleading was that they felt that they could not con-sistently and truthfully either acknowl-edge or deny every allegation of the in-dictment. That they had habitually la- 