THE. SENTINEL OF. LIBERTY. 659 fedeemed as well, that promise shall be fulfilled: " Behold, I make all things new." How the Promise Will Be Fulfilled. And this promise will be realized not by govern-mental action, but by the power of God, as graph-ically described by the prophet Ezekiel: " The hand of the Lord was upon me, and carried me out in the spirit of the Lord, and set me down in the midst of the valley which was full of bones, and caused me to pass by them round about: and, be-hold, there were very many in the open valley; and, lo, they were very dry. And he said unto me, Sop of man, can these bones live? And I answered, 0 Lord God, thou knowest. Again he said unto me, Prophesy upon these bones, and say unto them, 0 ye dry bones, hear the word of the Lord. Thus saith the Lord God unto these bones: Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live: and I will lay sinews upon you,and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live; and ye shall .knOw that I am the Lord. So I prophesied as I was commanded: and as prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, and the bones came together, bone to his bone. And when I beheld, lo, the sinews and the flesh came up upon them, and the skin covered them above: but there was no breath in them. Then said he unto me, Prophesy unto the,  wind, prophesy, son of man, and say to the wind, Thus saith the Lord God; Come from the four winds, 0 breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may five. So I prophesied as he commanded me, and the breath came into them, and they lived, and stood up upon their feet, an exceeding great army. "Then said he unto me, Son of man, these bones are the whole house of. Israel: behold, they say, Our bones are dried, and our hope is lost: we are cut off for our parts. Therefore prophesy and say unto them, Thus said the Lord God; Behold, 0 my people, I Will open your graves, and cause yob to come up out of your graves, and bring you into the land of Israel. And ye shall know that I am the Lord, when I have opened your graves, 0 my people, and brought you up out of your graves, And shall put my spirit in you, and ye shall live, and I shall place you in your own land: then shall ye know that .I the Lord have spoken it, and performed it, saith the Lord." Ezk. 37: 1-14. t This promise is not to literal Israel, but to spiri-tual Israel. "Neither because they are the [literal] seed of Abraham, are they all children, but in Isaac shall thy seed be called. That is, They which are the children of the flesh, These are not the children of God:but the children of promise .are counted for  the seed." " If ye be Christ's, then are ye Abra-ham's seed, and heifs according to the promise." "And so all Israel shall be saved." So, then, the kingdom of Christ is an ever-lasting kingdom, and its subjects will be men and women saved by divine grace, and changed to immortality in that hour foretold by our Lord, wherein " the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God, and they that hear shall live," and come forth clad in immortality. "And there shall be no more death, neither sorrow nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain, for the former things are passed away." Rev. 21: 4. B. SUNDAY LEGISLATION FOR ILLINOIS. THERE is a possibility, if not a probability, of new' and more stringent Sunday legislation in the State of Illinois at an early date. As noticed in these columns last-week, an agitation is now being carried on for Sunday closing of business places in this city, and while persuasion has been the means employed thus far for its accomplishment, the natu-ral tendency of such efforts is to seek recourse to legislation. This agitation has been conducted in-termittently in this City for several years, and the failure to attain the desired end by moral suasion must strongly suggest to its promoters the expedi-ency of securing legislation as the only way of ac-complishing practical and lasting results. Considerable prominence is given to the move-ment by the Chicago Record, which, in an editorial on " Seven-day Slavery," says: "With few exceptions the members of the gro-cers', bakers', butchers', and milkmen's associations which are endeavoring to secure Sunday closing may Ł count on the support of the public. The work in which they are now engaged has been prosecuted under discouraging circumstances for years, but its failure in the past has been due chiefly to the attitude ofŁ a few dealers and storekeepers who insisted on taking- advantage of all opportunities for Sunday sales. These do not comprise a large proportion of the whole number, but the menace of their competi-tion .has broken the force of the Sunday-closing movement, the dealers in a given neighborhood being reluctant to shut their stores if Thereby a con-siderable amount of trade is to be diverted to one or two competitors." The .Record argues in favor of Sunday closing as being,necesSar to prevent " slavery "Łarriong Those 