"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, AUGUST 3, 1899. NUMBER 30. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. laŠAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) "LAW and order" was never conserved by Sunday idleness. .4 .4 PEOPLE who fight the devil with fire, only kindle the blaze more fiercely. INDEPENDENCE has been many times won by a peo-ple, but never once granted. .st WHEN personal independence dies out among, a peo-ple, national independence must quickly follow it. .4 .4 CHRISTIANITY represents the only government in which there is neither minority nor majority rule. ot THE subtlest of all evil doctrines is that which, plainly stated, declares that man can be his own saviour. LOYALTY to the United States does not demand that the principles of republican government be repudiated for the sake of agreeing with the party in power. THE fact that rights are God-given, is the ground of hope that they will not be finally lost. But he who would finally preserve his rights must ally himself with the infinite Source of power in which they originated. WHEN a people lose the love of personal liberty and independence, a despotism must inevitably result; for free government cannot possibly be kept alive where in-dividual reedom is lost. In proportion as the people part with this, they erect a despotism over themselves. .4 .4 CHRISTIANITY is founded upon individualismŠthe in-dividualism of Jesus Christ; and when individualism is repudiated and set aside for the doctrine which demands the sacrifice of a few for the alleged good of the many, Christianity is denied, no matter what profession is made by the ones that do it. Loyalty, and Politics. THE Government of the United States is, or should be, a perfect republican.  Government. The Declaration of Independence and the national Constitution were designed to be, and are, the prt oer basis of a govern-ment which preserves the natural ights of the governed. Every national act ought to be in harmony with the principles which these documents embody. The Government ought to be true to the principles on which it was founded. But under the leadership of the party in power it may, and often does, depart from those principles. When this is the case, loyalty to the Government does not demand that an individual side with the party in power against the principles of the fundamental law. If the party in power repudiates the doctrine of government by consent of the governed, it is not disloyalty in an individual still to adhere to that principle, at the cost of differing with the Administra-tion. Loyalty to the Government is loyalty to the princi-ples of the Government, and not loyalty to a political party. The Government is broader than any party; and the party in power may be itself disloyal to the principles for which the Government stands. 