166 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the nation of Israel, as they were assembled around the basis of Mount Sinai. There was a covenant made there, Ša covenant of the people to obey the voice of the Lord which they had heard from amid the flame and smoke upon Sinai's top. But only about a month later they were found worshiping a golden calf. This occurrence casts no light shadow of suspicion upon the vows of a "Christian nation" to live uprightly. With many, in-deed, in the Church as well as without, it is a question whether the American "Christian nation" are not even now engaged in worshiping the golden calf. Considering this subject from the standpoint of its "religious signifi-cance," V:T are certainly warranted in these observations. The speaker proceeded to define the duties of "the covenant into which we enter as a people "-by virtue of the President's inaugural oath. These are, as defined, the duty of reverence for the laws and for those in au-thority, and the-duty of giving our best endeavors to the purification of politics. In this connection he said :Š "We pledge ourselves anew to our country as a Christian commonwealth. The future of the nation is safe only as we are Christians. Those who are lifting up their voice against the Bible, against the sabbath, against our Christ, are the enemies of the best interests of the country. The nations of the past that have gone down in night have sunk because of corruption. Our present condition comes largely because of our lack of faith in God. Let public immoralities be. suppressed ; let the Lord's day be reverently held, and Sunday news-papers, Sunday traffic, and Sunday labor as far as possi-ble be suppressed. Let our laws be such that it will be easyfor men to do good, and hard for them to do wrong. The only bulwark of our nation is Christianity ; and without it we have no hope of perpetuity." This only makes still plainer the idea of the speaker that these "unspoken vows" of the people are to be fulfilled through Christianity. No other view, indeed,  would be in harmony with the doctrine that "this is a Christian nation." No other view would invest the Pres-ident's inaugural with a "religious significance." The speaker would have done better if he had placed reverence for the right above reverence for the laws and for those in authority. The "laws" are not always right; and "those in authority" not above the right. Reverence for the right is the only safeguard of liberty. What effect such teaching as this setting forth the "religious significance of the inauguration" will have upon the Administration, remains to be seen.. -1.-1-111- THE activity of Christian Endeavor organizations all over the land in the work of securing Sunday enforce-ment, is indicated by a plan of work outlined in the Golden Rule, of March 4, to be followed by each local so-ciety in all the States. This plan is based upon a system of credits to be allowed for proficiency in organization for "Sabbath reform" work, and especially for achieve-ments in securing cessation of Sunday work. The credits range from one, to be allowed for each "Lord's Day Corn- mittee" organized by a local society, to two hundred for initiating "a movement that shall by persuasion or law cause the discontinuance of any Sunday paper," and three hundred for securing "the discontinuance of Sunday trains on any railroad." The society securing the largest number of these credits will be presented with a "Lord's Day banner" at the coming international convention in San Francisco next July. Sumptuary Laws. THE Union Signal of March 4 makes the following observations on the subject of "Sumptuary Laws :"Š " It seems that sumptuary laws are not so bad after allŠwhen applied to women. We have yet to see a single protest against the enactments of certain municipal councils whereby it is made illegal for women to wear in the theater the big hat' of the period. To this we do not object; indeed, we only wish that the law applied to all public assemblies, since it would be much better for the health of the women and far more convenient for those who come to see. We would gladly witness the ad option of a law that women when out walking, should wear no garment that came within three inches of the ground, and we urge it upon our women legislators to introduce such a law in the interest of the public health. "A speaker recently stated before a Woman's Club in New York that a young lady who had promenaded Fifth Avenue (its most aristocratic street) had- kindly.sub-mitted the street gleanings of her skirts to a bacteriolo-gist, who captured therefrom seven different kinds of contagious disease microbes. And yet intelligent women insist on dragging their skirts behind them because they think it is more 'stylish.' " But we cannot help being amused to notice that in this land of 'personal liberty' and 'individual right,' where anything so drastic as a `sumptuary law' is not to be for a motnent tolerated, nobody has raised even a faint little warwhoop in view of the fact that women are now under strict 'sumptuary law' as to their headgear. What shall we eat? what shall we drink? and where-withal shall we be .clothed?' may become matters of legislation after all. This is a wonderful age, and we have now established a precedent (a solemn thing to do) for the invasion of the 'liberty of the subject.' After this anything is possible." Yes; "anything is possible" when legislators once get fairly started in the line of legislation upon the ques-tion of what people shall eat or wear. It is of course easy to see in the law against "high hats" in theatres, what is rather facetious than oppressive. There might be nothing very oppressive in a law to compel ladies walking on the streets to wear no garment reaching lower than three inches above the ground. It is quite desirable that street sweeping should be left to those ap- pointed to such work by the city authorities. It is very desirable that people should dress healthfully, eat proper food, and get a proper amount of sleep, Nevertheless we are none of us anxious to be regulated in such matters by legislative fiat. There is a vast step between the con- 