MAY 10, 1894. AISAMEtICAN 149 more faithful than Abraham, more loving than Jonathan, and more prayerful than David. When he was reviled he reviled not again, and no guile was found in his mouth. He was not in sympathy with the popular religion, so he was arrested and brought before the judgment-seat. The priests were his accusers. They tes-tified, " We have heard him blaspheme; " and upon this charge he was put to death. This man was Jesus, the Founder of the Christian religion. What need we fur-ther witness to see that all laws defining and punishing blasphemy were passed by impudent bigots, and ought to be repealed by honest men. Now, of the things spoken this is the sum. This measure is the embodiment of every evil, both civil and religious, that could possibly come upon the nation, and merits the contempt of every loyal citizen ; so let every honest heart unite in willing-ness to Ł" Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." Ł Ł  The Breckinridge-Morse District Sun-day Bill. [At the hearing on the Breckinridge Sunday bill for the District of Columbia, hold before the House Com-mittee on the District, Jan. 6, 1891, Alonzo T. Jones, editor of this paper, addressed the committee. Much of his address is just as applicable to the Morse bill, which is now before the Commissioners and the District Committees. The following is taken from what was there said before the committee by Mr. Jones.] THERE is enough virtue in Jesus Christ, and enough power in that virtue, to enable a man to do right in the face of all the opportunities and all the temptations to do wrong that there are in this world. That virtue and that power are freely given to every man who has faith in Him who brought it to the world. Why, then, do not these men, these professed ministers of the gospel of Jesus Christ,Šwhy do they not endeavor to cultivate in men that faith in Christ which will empower them to do right from the love of it, in- stead of coming up here to this capitol, and asking you gentlemen of the national legislature to help men to do what they think right by taking away the opportu- nity to do what they think to be wrong. Virtue can't be legislated into men. But there is yet more of this. I read now from the same book (Craft's " Sab-bath for Man "), page Among other printed questions to which I have col-lected numerous answers, was this one: —Do you know of any instance where a Christian's refusing to do Sunday work, or Sunday trading, has resulted in his financial ruin?" Of the two hundred answers from persons representing all trades and professions, not one is affirmative. Then what help do the people need ? And especially what help do they need that Congress can afford ? Wherein is anybody being "forced to labor on Sun- day ?" Where is there any danger of anybody's being forced to labor on Sun- day ? Ah, gentlemen, this effort is not in behalf of the laboring men. They do not need it. By Mr. Craft's own published documents it is demonstrated that they do not need any such help as is proposed in this bill. That claim is only a pretense under which those who are working for the bill would hide their real purpose. And just here I would answer a question that has been asked, in which there is con-veyed a charge that we have no sympathy with the workingmen. It has been asked, " Why is it that youŠthe AMERICAN SEN-TINELŠhave no words to say in favor of  the law to assure the workingman his Sunday rest, but instead oppose those who are in favor of it ?" I answer, It is be-cause we have more respect for the work-ingmen of this country than to think of them that they are so lacking in manliness, and have so little courage and ability to take care of themselves, that it is neces-sary for the Government to take charge of them, and nurse and coddle them like a set of grown-up babies. And therefore it is in the interest of manliness and cour-ageous self-dependence that we object to the church managers coming to the na-tional legislature to secure a law under such a plea as this, whose only effect would be to make grown-up babies of what should be manly men. We have respect for the laboring men in this mat-ter, and we want them all to have the respect of their employers. Therefore we would ever encourage and help them to stand so courageously by their convictioi s of right and duty, as that to each one his employer may be led to say, as did this railroad superintendent to that engi-neer, " I respect your position, and you shall never be called on for Sunday work again." Gentlemen of the committee, if evidence can prove anything, then the evidence which I have here readŠnot from an op-ponent, but from the chief est factor in the movement in favor of this billŠproves to a demonstration that the object of this bill, as defined in the title, and as pleaded here to-day, is absolutely unnecessary and vain. This evidence proves to a demon-stration that nobody in this District, nor in the United States, nor in the world around, is being forced to labor on Sunday. Not only this, but it demonstrates that there is not the slightest danger of any-body in this nation ever being forced to labor on Sunday ; because actual " gain " and "worldly prosperity" lie in the re-fusal to work on Sunday, and it is certain that in this land everybody is free to re-fuse. This evidence also, coming from the source whence it does come, demon-strates that the title of the bill does not define its real object, but is only a pretense to cover that which is the real purposeŠto secure and enforce by law the religious observance of the day. Now, as to Sunday in the Constitution, will the gentleman who has just spoken on the opposite side, or will any of these gentlemen, insist that the phrase " Sun-days excepted," in the Constitution, bears the same relation to the President as they by this bill, would make the Sunday bear to the people of the District of Columbia ? Is there any inhibition in it ? Is the President forbidden by it to perform any secular labor or business on that day ? Cannot the President go a-fishing, or do anything on that day, and that, too, with-out any inhibition whatever by the Con-stitution ? Does that phrase in the Con- stitution mean anything else than simply the recognition of the legal dies non ? That is just what it is, and that is all that it is. And against this we have not a word to say in itself ; but when it is pro-posed to take this mere legal no-day and stretch it into the creation of a precedent that will sanction an act of Congress pro-hibiting everybody from doing any man- ner of work, labor, or business pertaining to this world, on SundayŠthen we most decidedly protest. If these men are ready to go so far as that in the construction and use of a mere non-committal phrase, what would they not do under the author- ity of the specific words of a sweeping statute ? But Mr. ElliottŠRev. J. 11.Šsays Sun-day laws have been sustained as constitu-tional by the Supreme Courts of the States. True enough. But what does that amount to in a question as to the laws of Con-gress ? I would like by some means, if possible, to get into the minds of these men who are supporting Sunday laws, the fact that the decisions of the Supreme Courts of the States have no bearing upon a national question. Let them bring a decision of a national case. There is no such case, and no such decision, for the simple reason that no such statute has ever been enacted by Congress, because it is forbidden by the Constitution. There-fore such a question has never come within the province of the United States Supreme Court. And every one of the decisions of the States, in reference to this question, have been rendered upon the basis of re-ligion. Mr. ElliottŠRev. GeorgeŠcited here to-day the decisions of the Supreme Courts of New York and Pennsylvania. I am glad he did, because both these deci-sions sustain the constitutionality of the Sunday laws upon the basis of Christian-ity as the common law, which clearly shows that religion is the basis upon which rest Sunday laws and the decisions which sustain them. All the original thirteen States were formerly the thirteen Colonies, and every one of these Colonies had an established religion, and therefore Sunday laws, as is proved by the old Maryland statute of 1723, cited here to-day, which is now the Sunday' law of the District of Columbia. Thus the original thirteen States had Sunday laws, and this is how they got them. The younger States have followed these in Sunday legislation; and as the Supreme Courts of the original thirteen States have held such laws to be constitutional, the Supreme Courts of the younger States, from these, have held so also. But the United States Government has no religion and never had any. It is for-bidden in the Constitution. Therefore I say, We should like, if it were possible, to get these men to understand that though the Supreme Courts of the. States have declared Sunday laws to be valid under the constitutions of those States, such decisions can have no bearing what-ever upon Sunday laws under the Consti-tution of the United States. MR. GROUTŠWill you quote that part of the Constitution to which you refer ? MR. JONESŠ" Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of reli-gion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Congress can make no law upon the sub-ject of religion without interferi the free exercise thereof. Theref Seventh-day Adventists, while obse Saturday, would most strenuously oppose any legislation proposing to enforce the observance of that day. That would be an interference with the free exercise of our right to keep that day as the Sabbath. For we already have that rightŠ THE CHAIRMANŠWOUld this law take away your right to observe the Sabbath ? MR. JONESŠYes, sir. I was about to prove that it does interfere with the free exercise of our right to observe it; and having done that, I will prove that this bill does distinctly contemplate the taking away of the right to observe it. First, as to its interference with the free exercise of our right to observe the Sab- 