172 AMERICAN SENTINEL. , I believe in perfect liberty of conscience. I would not wonder if the best thing to do with a profane man would be to educate his conscience." "Very good, Joseph. The apostle says that he per-suades men to repent, and that is the Master's way. But King Louis said, in excusing his severity, that he would be willing to have the same thing done to him, and he would gladly bear the reproach, if by so doing he could purge France of so heinous a sin!' "I believe that the blood of Christ alone can -purge from sin," said Julia March, reverently. "Yes; that is so. No matter how much Saint Louis suffered on account of the sin of his country, it could not pay the debt or cancel the sin." "Then don't you believe it's right to legislate about such matters? Seems to me Saint Louis did just right," said Charlie White, with a very sober face. "I should think Charlie could see," said Joe Palmeter, earnestly, "that this would make no end of trouble in the government; infidels and unbelievers wouldn't stand much show, and I guess we'd have to use all the churches for jails after a little." "Well," replied Charlie, "I'm sure it's very wrong to blaspheme, and I believe I'll ask my father to-night what he thinks of Saint Louis' way of putting a stop to it." "That's right," said Professor Carman. "This is a subject which will bear much thinking about; for it in-volves a moral principle. "Philip the Bold," he continued, "succeeded his father, Saint Louis, and brought the body of the misguided king back to France, and also those of his own wife and child, his brother-in-law, and John Tristan, his own brother,Šfive coffins in allŠand a sorrowful procession it was. "Next week we will ask' Charlie White to tell us what his father thinks of the action of King Louis, regarding the punishment of blasphemers." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. "Time, Times, and Dividing of Time." "MAMA, this Sabbath question bothers one ever so much. Sometimes I feel provoked to think the pope has cheated one into Sunday keeping, and then again I feel almost mad at God to think he let me go on in darkness, and do tell me, mama, why it was. There are just thou-sands and thousands of people who are serving God who never heard that Sunday wasn't the Sabbath. What will become of them? Yes, and of all the good people who died without knowing it?" "Well, Charlie, you've asked me question upon ques-tion, which shall I answer first? The last I think, and that by a story I heard a minister tell a few nights ago when I asked him the same questions. "He said, 'Suppose a man has a counterfeit bill; but has no idea it is counterfeit. He goes to a store and offers it in payment for goods. The store-keeper detects  its spurious character and returns it, saying, "I know you did not know it was counterfeit, and therefore I can-not justly charge you with dishonesty."' This is the way many offer Sunday to God. They think it genuine. He knows their honesty and accepts their sincerity. But suppose the man after fully knowing the character of his bill goes to offer it to another store-keeper. lh, then, Charlie, he cannot stand as an upright man. And as to this Sunday worship, God alone can tell when people know it to be a spurious day of rest. The reason we have so long been ignorant of this matter, I will try to tell you. The varying feelings you experience will soon pass away like troubled waters from a fountain of peace. The Sabbath truth is one of the most profound rest, and when it gets in, you will find Jesus more fully than ever before. What does the word Sabbath mean?" "Rest," said Charlie. "To whom are we invited to come to find rest?" "Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest, . . . and ye shall find rest unto your souls," repeated Charlie. "Now, why is it possible for Jesus to give us rest?" "Because he has it to give." "Where did he get it?" "From his father, I suppose." "Why can the Father give rest?" "0 mama, you do ask the queerest questions. Be-causeŠwhy becauseŠ" "That won't do, Charlie. 'Because' is a woman's reason, they say. I'll ask you another question, What is God ?" "God is love." "Do you have a sense of rest when you are in the presence of those who love you?" "Yes, mama." "Then if God is love, and love gives rest, the reason why God can give rest is very plain. Now, when God had finished the heavens and the earth, what did he do?" "He rested and was refreshed." "Does God get weary?" "Fainteth not, neither is weary," said Charlie. "No; it was not physical weakness that called for this rest. What is expressed in God's works? Please read Rom. 1:20." "'The invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead."' "Then God's works in nature tell us of his character, his love. The psalmist says, 'The heavens declare the glory of God.' When God looked upon nature he looked on the expression of his love and rested in love. He gave us the Sabbath as a sign of our rest in his love. Resting in his love we have an anchor both sure and steadfast entering into that which is within the wail, that is foster-ing unto the throne of God himself. In keeping the sev-enth day holy, we acknowledge God as our Creator, and as it will take nothing short of creative power to redeem us, we also acknowledge him as our Redeemer, and so, 