OCTOBER 3, 1895. .A.IDIE  1H .JL—,IL AN SIEN-  IINIEIL,0 309 on Sunday, except when they are works of ne-cessity or charity. This would put a stop to the publication of Monday morning newspa-pers, and would stop every steam engine and every dynamo in the State. It would forbid a farmer to bud a tree or curry a horse or pluck fruit or gather nuts or to drive for pleasure. Section 267 forbids " all manner of public selling or offering for sale of any property upon Sunday," except articles of food before 10 o'clock in the morning, meals in restau-rants or served from restaurants, newspapers, fruit, confectionery, prepared tobacco, drugs, medicines and surgical appliances. ' This for-bids the sale of soda or mineral waters, hair-brushes, cravats or soap. It makes a law-breaker of the iceman or milkman who sends in ice or milk to a family where sickness pre-vails if the hour of 10 A. M. be passed. The traveller whose trunk is delayed is forbidden to buy a toothbrush or a clean collar in which to go to the hotel breakfast. The delicatessen man may not send to a customer a plate of salad for Sunday evening tea. And anybody who sells any of these things or offers them for sale on Sunday forfeits his entire stock in addition to suffering fine and imprisonment. See Section 270. According to Section 275 and the judicial construction put upon the word " gaming" by recent court decisions, you become a double offender if you play a game at chess or bill-iards or checkers or dominoes within two miles of a church when a meeting is being held, on Sunday or any other day in the week.. Section 277 forbids all dramatic or operatic performances, all dancing or wrestling, all trials of strength, all juggling and everything else of the kind. You may play on the piano when your guests visit you on Sunday eve-ning, provided your piano does not make a noiseŠsee Section 265Šbut you must not let your friends dance to the music, and you must not entertain them with any imitations of act-ors or any tricks of legerdemain, for these things are forbidden in a private parlor as well as in a public hall. It is not the Sunday Excise Law alone that it is proposed to maintain, but all " the Sun-day laws" such as those catalogued above. They are laws enacted at a time when the State was held to be the nursery governess of all the people, and when it assumed authority to prescribe " holy time " and religious ob-servances, upon the intolerant models of Pu-ritanism. It is not merely proposed to pre-vent the poor man from getting his pitcher of beer for his Sunday dinner: they propose to regulate the conduct of all of us, even invad-ing the sanctity of our homes by way of com-pelling us to observe Sunday as if it were the Mosaic Sabbath and we were seventeenth-cen-tury Puritans. TO TEST THE SHEATS " LAW." [The Sun, Sept. es.] THE American Missionary Association of Congregational Churches has obtained an opinion from one of the most eminent consti-tutional lawyers in Massachusetts that the so-called " Sheats law" passed by the Florida Legislature last winter, will not stand in the United States courts. This law provides for a fine of not less than $150 nor more than $500, or imprisonment for not less than three months, for conducting any school wherein white persons and negroes might be instructed or boarded together within the same building, or taught in the same class, at the same time, by the same teacher. The Orange Park School, against which the law was especially aimed, will open on Tues- day, October 1. If the law is enforced the teachers will be arrested. The Rev. T. S. Perry of Limerick, Maine, who was pastor of the church and school last year, will return there this year. Prof. B. D. Rowles, of Ful-ton, N. Y., last year's principal, will also return. Miss Caroline Wandell, of Phoenix, N. Y., Miss Edith Robinson, of Battle Creek, Mich., Miss Helen S. Loveland, of Newark Valley, N. Y., Mrs. Julia E. Titus, of Mora-via, N. Y., Mr. Otis S. Dickinson, of Gran-ville, Mass., and Miss Margaret A. Ball, of Orange Park, Fla., will return. Ł-Ł1!Ł-Ł  SOUL LIBERTY. BY FANNIE BOLTON. " -Wm art thou that judgest another man's servant? To his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden up: for God is able to make him stand." Rom. 14: 4. God hath not made the stars of an equal magnitude, Nor shaped the flowers alike that grace the summer wood. In infinity of fashion, and in diversity His matchless grace and loveliness of character we see. We hear no flower of nature OGlaring pettishly Unto another flower, " You must bloom, 0 flower, like me," Or catch a murmur echoed from the stars in heaven's height, Because some world is fashioned to reflect another's light. God uses great and small for some noble ministry, According to the power of their given ability. And shall men not learn a lesson who with finite wit declare That the nations must be fashioned by a set reli-gions square ? That each soul must think in ruts that fulfill a cer-tain plan, And shape up to a standard that was made by finite man. Does this not place the human and the finite on the throne, That God in infinite wisdom and in love should rule alone ? The infinite God has given the certain liberty That is limited alone by a kind civility, To think as it shall please them, and he has not given to others The right to fetter thought or oppress their human brothers. Hands off ! then men ambitious to prescribe my very creed; For God alone can feed my soul with truth of heaven I need. Let Him alone have sway and control of all my heart To regulate my conduct and my worship by fine art Beyond your poor conception; for it is only He Who can shape the delicate soul-flower for his vast eternity, And the human touch permitted, would count me such a cost That the blood of Christ for me be vain, and heaven itself be lost. Ł RUSSIA. [Ivan, [Ivan, in New York Observer, June 13.] IT is satisfactory to hear that the Protestant movement known as Stundism, which began in the south of Russia more than thirty years ago, and which is now passing through a time of great stress and trouble, is making consid-erable progress in Eastern Russia and in Sibe-ria. The dispersal of Stundist families during the persecutions of recent years, and their settlement in regions remote from their old homes is unquestionably the origin of the movement in Siberia. I hear, moreover, that on the Pacific coast of Siberia there are sev-eral flourishing communities of Baptists and Stundists full of missionary zeal. One of their leaders, Yakob Dilyakoff, is not unknown in America; indeed, I believe his son is in one of your theological training schools, prepar-ing, let us hope, to devote his talents to the good of his countrymen who are sitting in  darkness and shadow. Your readers may like to be reminded that America has played no inconsiderable part in the Stundist movement. It was in America that Karl Bonnekemper, its founder, was educated and inspired to start the great revival. The other day I heard a curious tale that struck me as most pathetic and as the descrip-tion of an incident that could only happen in Russia. An old peasant in a village in the province of Kief, together with some of his companions, were under the impression that the local commissary of police, had done them an injustice. They met together and the old man was delegated to go to St. Petersburg to present a petition to the czar for the restora-tion of certain rights which they alleged had been taken from them. They had no money to pay their delegate's travelling expenses, so the delegate, accompanied by his son, walked. It was early in winter when they set out on that walk of a thousand and more miles, and as they travelled ever northwards the hard-ships they encountered were terrible. Arrived in St. Petersburg, they were sent from one public office to another. Nobody would ac-cept the petition, and thoroughly disheart-ened, they left St. Petersburg with their peti-tion. The son died in a village in the middle of a pine forest half-way back to Kief. It was a walk for the old man of close on three thousand miles. He was absent from home over four months. Ł ARRESTED FOR VIOLATING THE SUNDAY "LAW." [Mail and Express, Sept. W.] JULIUS WOELPLE, of No. 313 East Eighty-fifth street, was arraigned before Magistrate Kudlich, at the Harlem Court, this morning, on a charge of violating the Sunday law in re-pairing a bicycle yesterday afternoon. The magistrate discharged the prisoner on the ground that the repairing of the bicycle was a work of necessity, in ottler to enable the rider of the wheel to proceed on his journey. .o.  " A CRIME AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION." [Santa Paula (Cal.) Chronicle, Aug. 9.] THE imprisonment of eight men in Tennes-see, recently, because they saw fit to work on Sunday, is a crime against the Constitution of the United States. The imprisoned men ob-serve the seventh day of the week as their Sabbath, as they have a perfect right to do under the Constitution. Religious legislation Šand all Sunday laws come under this headŠis infamous and will never be sustained by enlightened public opinion. GOOD IN ITS SPHERE. [Daily Standard, Leavenworth, Kansas.] SPEAKING of the Christian Endeavor move-ment, the New York Sun, edited by that far-seeing old philosopher, Charles A. Dana, says: " It is evident that a desire, if not a settled purpose, to make the organization a distinct political power has taken possession of many of its prominent members. We re-gret to see this, and are heartily sorry. As a strictly moral enterprise its influence would be wholesome and beneficial; as a political power it will stir up bitter religious strife and prove a curse to the country. Sectarian com-binations to effect political objects are dan-gerous." 