Ł ALMOST A MAN-,,,‚7 A frank talk to a boy who was " almost a man," and the good it did him. As it is in story form, every boy will read it, and be the better for it, as was the boy in the story. It is intended to help mothers and teachers in the delicate task of teaching the lad concerning himself, purely, yet with scien-tific accuracy. Price, postpaid, - - 25c. 49 ALMOST A WOMAN-,‚,Z, Zvery mother should prepare her daughter for the changes that accompany development into wo-manhood. Many mothers do not know how best to give this instruction; they neglect this duty and invalidism for the daughter is too often the result. "Almost a Woman" gives this necessary in-struction, in the form of a mother's talk with her daughter. Price, postpaid, - - 25c. CHILD CONFIDENCE REWARDED. A little booklet which demonstrates the practical value of teaching to children the truth regarding the origin of life. Price, postpaid, - - 10c. One of many testimonials:Š Your booklets are a blessing to mothers, young children, and developing boys and girls, and my heart goes np in heartfelt gratitude for them. My boy, fourteen, said after reading "Almost a Man," "Mama, I feel better after reading that book; my thoughts are higher."ŠNellie P. Witham, Olympia, Wash. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Ł~.!^~ Ł AMERICAN SENTINEL. 315 admit that they know nothing of "the power of Jesus' name." c  A PRESS dispatch states that "according to current re-port in Roman Catholic circles another important decision is expected soon from Rome," which will speak in condem-nation of the doctrine of evolution. This doctrine has been working its way into Catholic teaching in some quarters, and the question has been under consideration for some time by a commission of cardinals, who will, it is said, report adversely upon it. They might also point to this, as to the practice of Sunday observance, as evi-dence that Protestants do not stand upon their professed ground of "the Bible and the Bible only." 4I  COMMENTING on the recent decision made by a Mil-waukee (Wis.) court, that "a note given on Sunday for a church donation is valid, although a note given on that holy day for any other purpose would be void," the Chi sago Israelite says:Š "Supposing, for instance, that a Jew should make a note on Sunday for the benefit of a synagogue, how, then, would the Milwaukee court rule? Or if a Christian should make a note on Sunday for the benefit of a Jewish congregation? Or if a Freethinker should do the same thing with an association of agnostics as the beneficiary, how, then, would the Milwaukee dictum work? It fairly makes us dizzy to contemplate the possibilities which hinge upon this decision should it be accepted as a fun-damental principle of law." Ł TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bang Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. if paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly ,opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEERLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. Six months - .5 0. Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. On Receipt of our Premium Bible one says: "I was greatly delighted with my Bible, it being just the kind I have so long wanted. I like it much better than my husband's $11 Bible." This Bible with the AMERICAN SENTINEL one year only $3.50. MAP OF PilliESTIftE. Very Useful for Sabbath Schools, Especially when studying the Life of Christ, it it it Clear and plain. Size 41x28 inches. Printed .'n Cloth. Price $1.50. Order now and get the benefit of a splendid help in the Sabbath school or family. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. 