126 Pri4E AmERIcAN.  SENerINM_,. natureŠone wherein neither the animal nor the fanatic in him should have any particular advantage, either over the other. To a certainty there was a sanitary signifi-cance Connected with the prohibition of labor, which of itself is of inestimable value to man. But commemoration and worship were evidently the purpose of the seventh day. There is nothing after the order of the Old Testament Sabbath in all history. It stands out in the moral firmament of the world as a glorious heavenly bonfire to enlighten the nations of the earth. The Jews still keep that day. They are praise-worthily faithful to the command of God. No one questions the Jew's authority to observe the seventh dayŠthe only Bible Sabbath. Christianity, has no Bible Sabbath. It has no Sabbath at all by authority of the Old or New Testament. It has a " Sun-day." It is the old dies Solis of Rome. It was adopted by our Saxon ancestors and called " Sunnentag." It comes on the first day of the week instead of the seventh day. The earliest Christian held it in connection with the seventh day. They observed both days. The utmost that can be claimed for it by way of authority, in the 'absence of any command of God or of Christ, is-  custom. The first day of the week, or ,Lord's day, as it is severally called, was without any legal recogniticin until the fourth century, A. D. Constantine connected it with the State, and the State has been its worst enemy ever since and will continue to be such as long as the aid of the State is sought Ł to appoint or enforce religious institutions. It was, originally, a day of feasting and rejoicing. It grew into use because Christ Chanced to be raised from the dead on the first day of the,  week instead_ of the seventh day. I' say " chanced " to be raised, because there is rip scripture specifying the day on -which Jesus was' to be murdered by his enemies. The third day after death he was to rise from the grave. Had he been crucified on Thursday he would have been raised on Saturday Or seventh day. Christendom, by common consent, has set apart Sunday for a rest dayŠa wor-shipful day. Some irresponsible teachers claim that it is the Bib]e Sabbath, but it is not. Some also, who are not as exten-sively read as others, claim that Jesus repealed, or eliminated, the fourth com-mandment from .the Decalogtie. He did nothing''of the kind. (See Matt. 5 : 17-18.) There was never any repealing of sacred enactments. The first monumental in-scriptionianitig the Sabbath, Lord's day, is dated A. D. 403.,  (See American En-cyclopedia.) If it is to be a religious day, then the State can 'have-  nothing to do with estab-lishing,Or enforcing religious institutions. On the subject of religion the State must be-silent; and between citizens of different- religious beliefs. and customs the State must remain neutral. The attempt to force majority notions of religion on the conscience of the minority, is abominable. The American Sabbath Union would do well to modify its purpose.ŠLux Benigna, in Bloomington (ill.) Sunday Bulletin. Rome Is Willing. "THE statement," says the Catholic Re-view, " that the Bible is read in 13,000 out of 21,000 Pennsylvania schools is not strong enough to warrant ' the assertion that the State schools of the country are Christian. The Bible could be read every day in an agnostic school, or in a school conducted by Mr. Renan, and not make the school Christian; and the fact must be well known to Pennsylvanians, as it is to others,. that in many of the schools where a trustee ordinance commands the use of the Scriptures the teachers are not believers in the divinity of these writings, and had as lief read a chapter of the Koran or Carlyle." To the expression of opinion by the Christian Statesman, that Catholic Amer-icans want nothing Christian except what bears the impress of the Pope, the Catholic Review responds :Š This is true, but it should not disturb a Protes-tant. It ought rather to ease his mind, since the very doctrines held by Protestants and Catholics in com-mon all bear the Papal sanction. The dogmas of the Catholic have all been formUlated by Rome, and these dogmas are maintained in part by Protestants. The inspiration of the Scriptures, the divinity of Christ, the need of grace, tine-..life to come, and many-  other tenets of Protestant belief were all made dogmas before Luther's time_ For the support of these principles of human action Catholics and Protestants can work in perfect harmony. -It is no reflection upon Catholic sincerity that the church considers all other teachings beyond its own dogmas, past or to come, as heretical. The Statesman can see at a glance just where Catholics stand by a knowledge of their beliefs, which they do not hide, but delight to profess before men. And the Statesman has more than once expressed a willingness to join hands -with Rome upon those things that they hold in common. Rome is willing. Ł Simply Indefensible. THE Sunday law is simply indefensible. It is entirely without the province of the State. The mystic and the supernatural have no part in the affairs of government. To enact such a law would be to overstep the bounds of state-craft to endorse a shaky theological hypothesis. It would be as sensible to revive the laws to enforce the observance of Lent. The spirit that incites such legislation is a belated survival of mediaeval intolerance and-  superstition. The Sunday law is an anachronism. It has no place this side of the Renaissance. Of course, though, there are examples of the State embrading the supernatural; A number of civilized nations have' estab-lished churches and 'legalised and Stibsi-, ()lied worship-. Ent these are mouldy her- itages of the Dark Ages, and owe their existence, not to their merits or apposit-iveness, but partly to the phantom of the past, which still lurks in the dark corners of many a mind, and mainly to that blind inertia, innate in. human nature, that al-ways favors whatever exists, and is the greatest obstacle to reform and progress. State religions are weakening with the advance of light, and their dissolution is simply a question of time.Š Oakland ( Cal.) Times. Must Teach Morals. " PARENTS in the United States must teach religion at home if their children are educated in the public schools," says the New York Christian Advocate, and adds A lady of wide experience, noted for caution and truthfulness, one of the superintendents in a large Methodist Sunday school, informs us that in her opinion home teaching-, except a few words in a very few cases upon the Sunday-school lesson, is entirely omitted, even in the homes of church members. We can readily believe this when we remember that only a short time since a Presbyterian pastor in Iowa said :Š Keep the Bible out of the schools and our children are deprired of moral instruction. This is only putting in another form the statement made by the Methodist lady, referred to by the Advocate, for the min-ister's words are credible only on the sup-position that moral training is almost utterly neglected even in so-called Chris-tian homes. Hence on the very face of it the demand for religious instruction in the schools is a confession of parental neglect in the home circle. WITH a view to justifying the persecu-tion in Lima, Peru, of a missionary who sold Bibles without first obtaining the consent of the priests, the Catholic Review quotes the Peruvian Mail as follows Has Penzotti in the exercise of his profession broken the laws of this country, or not ? If he has, it is but, just that he shOuld suffer the penalty im-posed by those laws. If be has not, he has a claim against his aggressors which every honest man in the country will help him to make good. ThiS question of law-  is to be decided by the Supreme Court, and we await its decision. So much being admitted, it is manifest that' any sympathy for Mr. Penzotti should be withheld until it is proved that he is innocent of the misdemeanor he is being tried for. This is the argument that has ever been used in justification-of persecution for con-science' sake, 'in all ages 'in every clime. It is strange that people do not stop and think that laws which make such things possible are all wrong and should be promptly repealed ; in the meantime they should be allowed to slumber in innocuous " desuetude, and this, would be . the case - Ł were it' not for the Wicked intolerance that still disgraces-the Christian name. 