Equal and axact jubtiee  to all Men, of' Whatever State or 6Persua6ion, r.eligious or political.ŠThomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, AUGUST 4, 1892. NUMBER 30. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MoREE. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL is in the sev-enth year of its publication. From the first number that was ever issued, it has been telling the people that in the national Government, though forbidden by the Constitution, there would be established a national religion; and that there would be national Sunday legislation at the demand of the churches. Š0Š ALL of this is now done by the United States Supreme Court decision of Febru-ary 29, 1892, and by Congress, in the act closing the World's Fair on Sunday. In these two governmental actions there lies wrapped up, and only waiting for swift development, all that THE SENTINEL has been telling about, and warning against, these seven years. ŠOŠ WE knew it was coming. We knew it would be done. And this is why we so continuously and so earnestly protested, and warned the people, against it. We knew not exactly how this thing would be done; we only knew that it would be done; but we knew enough about the evil thing, to be able to recognize it when it should be done, by whatever way it might be done. We have protested against the doing of this great evil; and now we protest against the thing since it is done. We protest against the evil principle itself, and we protest and shall continue to protest against any and all the consequences of the prin-ciple. Š0Š WE had the right to protest against the establishment of a national religion; and we have the right to protest against this  national religion now that it is established. We had the right to disagree with the ecclesiastical combination which was bend-ing every effort to secure the establish- ment of a national religion; and now that they have secured exactly what they have been demanding, we still have the same right to disagree with them. We had the right to dissent from the propositions, the doctrines, and the dogmas of this ecclesias-tical combination, before the United States Government took their side of the contro-versy and championed their cause; and we have the same right still. In other words, we have the divine and everlasting right to dissent from any and every re-ligious organization on earth; and when the Government joins a religious organiza-tion, then we have the same right still, and the right extends now to that of re-fusal of obedience to the Government itself, in so far as it is joined to the religious organization. Š0Š THE one great object of the- grand movement to secure governmental recog-nition of religion was to secure legislation by which Sunday observance could be en-forced throughout the Nation, backed up by national power and influence. We protested against their movement, and disputed their right, to use the govern-mental power for any such purpose. Now that they have secured it, we still dispute their right to use it. We had the right to dissent from their claim of right to use the Government for any such purpose; and we have still the right to dissent from their use of the governmental power for this purpose. We had the right to refuse to keep Sunday when it was required by the churches without the aid of the Gov-ernment; and we have the same right to refuse to keep it when it is required by the churches with the aid of the Gov-ernment. In other words, governmental aid of churches in enforcing their dogmas and ordinances can not take away any man's right of dissent from those dogmas and ordinances. The Government does wrong in aiding the churches; and men do  right in dissenting from both churches and Government in the things wherein they are allied. Š0Š IT was lack of power to convince the people that they ought to keep Sunday as the Sabbath, that caused the churches to demand the governmental power to aid in compelling the people to do this. Lack-ing the power to persuade the people, the churches resorted to power to compel the people to observe the ordinance of the Church. The religious controversy, as to whether Sunday is a sacred day or not, has been going on in the United States longer than has the movement to secure the recognition or declaration of the na-tional Government that it is. Those who demand that Sunday shall be observed have admitted over, and over again that there is no divine command for it. And the effort of these churches to secure the alliance and aid of the Government was only an effort to get the national Govern-ment to take their side of this controversy. They now have the Government committed to this. In the effort to gain this they have been boastful, and arrogant, and insolent, enough, in all conscience, as has been abundantly shown by their own words all these years. If any one is inclined to think they will be any less so, now that they have their wish, then the writer only wishes that that one could have sat where he did, in the gallery of the House, when the final vote was taken by which Congress committed the Government to their side of the con-troversy, and could have seen and heard their exultation. Š0Š IN this act of closing the World's Fair on Sunday, Congress has distinctly taken sides in a religious controversy. Con-gress in this, and the Supreme Court in its decision, have committed the Govern-ment of the United States to the decision of a religious controversy. Neither the act of Congress nor the decision of the Supreme Court, will convince the Jew or the Christian who observes the seventh day, that Sunday should be observed. No 