NOVEMBER 29, 1894. SIHANT`'INIH:J11 373 He who could appear clothed with the brightness of the heavenly seraphs before Christ in the wilderness of temptation, comes to men in the most attractive man-ner, as an angel of light. He appeals to the reason by the presentation of elevating themes, he delights the fancy with en-rapturing scenes, and he enlists the affec-tions by his eloquent portrayals of love and charity. He excites the imagination to lofty flights, leading men to take so great pride in their own wisdom that in their hearts they despise the Eternal One. That mighty being who could take the world's Redeemer to an exceedingly high mountain, and bring before him all the kingdoms of the earth and the glory of them, will present his temptations to men in a manner to pervert the senses of all who are not shielded by divine power.--Great Controversy, pages 551-554. Can the True Church Become Corrupt? ROME claims that the true Church can-not fall; and with this claim she silences many of her members who see in her evi-dences of corruption; she quotes the words of the Saviour who said, " Upon this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." It is true that Christ will always have a church, but his real Church, which is declared to be " his body," (Col. 1: 24), does not consist in organization, but of individuals who have given themselves to him, thus becoming " members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones." Eph. 5: 30. The visible organization is not, properly speaking, the Church, the body of Christ, but is rather the machin-ery or agent by which the work of God is carried forward in the earth, and it by no means follows that an organization that he once recognized and used may not be seized and controlled by wicked men who succeed in becoming its leaders until it becomes necessary for him to call his people out of that corrupt organization. When God calls his people out of an apostate organization, even though his people are few, they are the Church. They may be called by another name, and those who remain in the corrupt organization may look upon them as a very small peo-ple that have turned out of the way, when in fact the large body has forsaken the right way, and the small body is separated from the large body by remain-ing in the right way. God's Church does not become extinct, the gates of hell do not prevail against it. Although apostasy and consequent calling out may take place several times in the history of God's people, apostasy does not prevail; the true Church, the body of Christ, still lives. Rome cannot deny this. Rome knows that it was an apostate organization that delivered, the Saviour to the civil power to be crucified, and Rome knows that the little remnant of believing Jews who were called out of that corrupt organization were the true Church. Rome also knows that, to that organization which had become corrupt by being led astray by wicked rulers, had once been " committed the oracles of God," and that after it had delivered the Saviour to be crucified, and the Lord had left it to itself, it was no longer God's organized agency for the salvation of men. Rome cannot evade this conclusion by claiming that the true Church did not exist until the Saviour came and built the church upon the rock, for Rome herself  claims that the true Church is older than the Scriptures, which claim is true. Jesus quoted the Scriptures that were written hundreds of years before he came, and, as Rome truly claims, the true Church ex-isted before those scriptures were written. There was no scripture written before the flood, but the Church existed then. This is why some of the people were called "sons of God," Gen. 6 : 2, to distinguish them from others. Even then, the same verse shows us that many of the sons of God had become corrupt. When God called his true people out from among them, he called them into the ark. There were only eight of them all told, but they were the true Church; a little handful compared with the multitude who had for-saken the right way. In the lifetime of Moses, who wrote the first scriptures, while the people of God were in the wilderness, they are called by the Word of God " The Church in the Wilderness." Acts 7 : 38. This was many hundreds of years before Peter was born, and before Jesus said to him, " Upon this rock I will build my Church." The Church was built upon the Son of God long before he came into the world to be crucified. It was true that the Son of God had builded, and that he would continue to build, on the same rock. Peter himself was built upon this rock. All the other apostles, except Judas, were built upon it. Not only they, but all the holy prophets who lived long before, were built upon the same foundation. We read, " Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow-citizens with the saints, and of the house-hold of God; and are built upon the foun-dation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone." Eph. 2: 19, 20. This text not only proves that the apos-tles and the prophets before them were built on the rock, Christ Jesus, but it proves that every Christian is built on him when he becomes a Christian. Jesus is still building, and he was building in King David's time, long centuries before Peter was born. When David had sinned so grievously that he gave great occasion to the enemies of the Lord to blaspheme, even he, miserable sinner that he was, found forgiveness in Christ, and was built upon the true rock. Those who have believed that Peter was the rock on which the Church was built have made a mistake similar to the one made by the unbelieving Jews, when Jesus said, " Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up." When Jesus said, " this temple," he meant his own body; but they supposed that he meant the temple at Jerusalem. He had just been talking about that building, and those corrupt members of an apostate church' who were willing to misunderstand him, had ample opportunity to do so. The record of this is found in John 2: 18- 21. When Jesus called himself " this rock," he had just called Peter by his name, which means a stone, and this gives all who wish to understand him as teach-ing that Peter was the rock a similar appearance of an excuse. Not Peter only, but every person who becomes a Christian is called a stone, and is built upon Christ. Peter himself says, " If so be ye have tasted that the Lord It is not denied that the organization is sometimes called the church, as in 3 John 10, but only in a secondary sense, something as meeting-houses are called churches. The people of God who are "members of his flesh and of his bones," con-stitute the true Church whether organized or not. is gracious. To whom coming, as unto a. living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God, and precious. Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spirit-ual house, a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. Wherefore also it is con-tained in the Scripture, Behold, I lay in Sion a chief corner stone, elect, precious : and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded." 1 Peter 2: 3-6. God says, " Other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." 1 Cor. 3 :11. No church can fall that remains on this foundation. Aside from Jesus, the best man that ever lived is not good enough for a foundation for the " Church of the living God." Those who crucified the Saviour were at the same time trying to build on Abraham, who had become a good man, yet they fell. Can a church forsake Christ for a foundation, and try to build on Peter, who also became a good man, and not fall too ? Rome does not dare to encourage the people to read the Bible for themselves lest they should learn that the very foun-dation of all her claims is a fraud. It was only to thetrue Church that God gave the keys of the kingdom of heaven, but Rome is not the true Church. " There is one lawgiver." James 4 : 12. Even the true Church is not the lawgiver. The Church is not Christ's lawgiver, but it is the agent of Christ, and its ministers are his embassadors. " Now, then, we are embassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us : we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." 2 Cor. 5 : 20. When the true Church, which is God's true agency, "the pillar and ground of truth," binds or looses on earth just what God in heaven authorizes it to bind or loose and no more; what it binds or looses on earth is bound or loosed in heaven, because it binds or looses only what God in heaven authorizes it to bind or loose. The Church that is built on the rock, Christ Jesus, is to this extent infal-lible. Churches, or ministers, or priests, have no more right to speak their own words instead of Christ's words to draw away disciples after them than they have to build on a foundation other than the Son of God. Those pastors whom the Apostle Paul knew would do this, he calls "griev-ous wolves." He says, " I know this, that after my departing sall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them." Acts 20: 29, 30. Rome says the true Church cannot fall, but God's word says, " That day shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition; who opposeth and ex-alteth himself above all that is called God." 2 Thess. 2: 3, 4. In Rev. 17, the church that has forsaken the Saviour is represented as a woman who has forsaken her husband. As the Church no longer looks to the Saviour but to the nations of the earth for her support, she is repre-sented as having " fallen," and " is be-come " what she now is. That this fallen church is Rome, that great city that ruled and will rule the kingdoms of the world, is clearly proved by verse 18, which says, " And the woman which thou sawest is that great city which reigneth over the kings of the earth." T. S. PARMELEE.  