T'HE,SENTINE14 OF LIBERTY.. 665 martyrdom _of James, the bishop of Jerusalem, Chris-tianity was in sore peril at the hands of the Jews. And no Christian eyer dreamed of opposing force to force. From the days of Nero down many a per-secution befell . our religion at the hands of the heathen. And no Christian dreamed of drawing Łthe sword. Happily, there were no ChristiaU " Powers " to deflower and degrade the purity of Christianity, no Christian "flag" to wrap around and conceal the cross. * * * The Fifth Evangelist." But when Christianity conquered the empire and became part and parcel of a great imperial establish-ment a tragical change began. Force commended itself to Christians as a fifth evangelist. Csar pat-ronized Christ. We all know how quickly a treaty of alliance was made between the orthodox faith and the power of the empire. The legionary undertook to make the splendid argument of Athanasius pointed and resistless. Constantine and his successors tools the confutation of heresy to be a part of their prov-ince. , After awhile force came upon the field of mis-sions. Charlemagne " converted " the Saxons with fire and sword. The Grand Duke of the Russians, having taken his religion from Constantinople, pro-ceeded to club his people into the river that they might be baptized en masse. The " secular arm " had come in to misrepresent and belie the news that the cross of Christ brought from God. We look down upon the middle ages. We thank God that we no longer think of handing heretics over to the " secular arm," piously commanding the said " arm " to deal with them " without shedding of blood." But a brief study of recent events'in con-nection with foreign missions may moderate our pride by suggesting that our Christianity is still en-tangled in that hideous confusion between the spiri-tual and the secular principles. Our Government, whenever it has time and op-portunity, presses upon Turkey the question of pay-ment for the damage done to the property of Ameri-can missionaries in Armenia. At first blush this strikes us favorably. It even thrills us to think of an American, fleet in a quarter of the world where our flag has too long been unfamiliar. Bombard some Turkish port ! Teach that pious liar, the sublime Porte, that he can not trifle with the lives and prop-erty of American citizens ! But let us take a second thought. Might it not be better for American Chris- tians to rebuild;  twenty times over, the buildings which the " unspeakable Turk " has destroyed rather than make the " Oregon " and the " Kearsage " agents of the Lord Christ, of him who died for pure love of men? We do well to say that the deadliest error of Mohammedanism is its complete identification of church and state, its adulterous connection between force and religion, its perpetual alliance between the Koran and the scimiter. But is our shield altogether clean? Damages for missionary property destroyed, collected by the state;  perhaps at the cannon's mouth ! Is this the pureŁ gospel of Christ? Example of Vicious Consequences. The present situation in China has brought to light another striking example of the vicious conse-quences ensuing upon an unclear conception of the missionary motive. A recent letter, signed by many of the missionaries in China, urged upon our Gov-ernment the duty of strenuous exertions in defense of all Americans in China. Thousands of letters from the friends and kinsfolks and supporters of missionaries have been sent to Washington to press the same duty. Just a little while ago a prominent' official complained that the Government was ex-pected to send a regiment or a battleship to defend every single merchant and missionary who might be in danger. Observe the fatal associationŠ" mer-chants and missionaries." Men who have gone out in search of gain are put on a footing with those who have gone forth in search of souls. And apparently Christians at home will have it so, for with one voice they demand that the Government shall protect the missionaries. * * * But are  not our missionaries Americans? Are they not under the flag wherever they go? Is it.not the bounden duty of America to protect them and all her.citizens at all costs? 'Not so. Our missiona-ries go forth not as Americans, but as Christians. Their only flag is the cross. To demand of the state that it shall protect them by' force of arms is to de-grade and abase the missionary motive and to robŁ missionary efforts of their chief glory. What a humiliating situation in China with Eng-lish missionaries under the English flag, German missionaries under the German flag, American mis-sionaries under the American flag, and so on. If the sublime Porte will but rouse himself and send one of his ,crazy warships to defend the Mohamme Jan mis- -sionaries in ChinaŠif there be any suchŠour shame Will be comPlete. 