418 AMERICAN SENTINEL. which cannot be sustained by love to God and to one's fellowmen. SOME of the most troublesome people in the world are those who have a surplus of conscienceŠenough for themselves and for all their neighbors. THE test of Christianity is love; not that which men may call love, but the love of God. Christianity means being like God in our disposition toward others. But what is the love 'of God? The Scripture says: "Herein.is love, not that we loved God, but that he loved us, and sent his Son to be the propitiation for our sins;" and "God commendeth his love toward us in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." John 4:10; Rom. 5:8. As God loved those who were his enemies, so must Christians love their enemies. They must love all men and count all as their brethren. But how is love of our enemies to be manifested? 4The answer is plain. If we are actuated by the spirit of God, our love for all men will be manifested in sacrificing for them even as God did. "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever be-lieveth on on him might not perish, but have everlast-ing life." John 3:16. How then can the spirit of loveŠthe love of GodŠbe reconciled with the spirit of war? We cannot reconcile it. The spirit of love says that we should lay down our lives for our enemies. The spirit of war says that our enemies should lay down their lives for us. The Christian warfare does not mean death to our enemies, but death to sell. And if Christians are engaged in this warfare, they will not at the same time be engaged in any other. 1, Ł {-4 Persuasion Vs. Compulsion. BY H. A. HELMER. Im is the duty of the State to protect liberty of con-science, and in matters of religion the extreme limits of its authority have been reached when it does that. It was because they recognized this principle clearly that the evangelical princes of Germany uttered that memorable protest, when in answer to the decree of the papacy, de-manding the suppression of the Reformation, they said, "Let us reject this decree. In matters of conscience the majority have no power." The annunciation of this principle is made more sig-nificant when we remember that when the princes said that, they realized that they were fighting against the powers of earth and hell, and that they would probably pay the penalty with their property, freedom, and even their lives. It is in the footsteps of these noble men that the Protestants of the world to-day profess to be follow- ing, yet how far have they strayed from that path! All over the land they have organized societies that have as their object the domination of the State by the Church. This they deny, and say, "We merely wish the State to put on righteousness," or "We wish to see Christ en_ throned as King of the Commonwealth." Now, religion has nothing to do with the State, or the State with religion if they both keep in their proper sphere, and only when religion has lost its vitalizing principle, and has become but a form, does she seek union with, or aid from, the State. Therefore, those, the ma-jority who are clamoring for Sunday laws, and insist that the minority must observe their Puritanical Sab-bath in deference to the majority, have, in this age of en-lightenment lost sight of the vital principle of freedom of conscience, which was so clearly recognized by the evan_ gelical princes amid the moral darkness of the sixteenth century. How strange it is that these people cannot see that the State cannot put on righteousness, and how strange that they do not realize that this movement betrays the print of Satan's cloven foot, inasmuch as it is, like every-thing else emanating from him, the antipodes of the teachings of Christ; for he never attempted to legislate righteousness onto the State, or on the individuals com-posing it. No, indeed; his gentle voice of entreaty sinks into the hearts of individuals, saying, "Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest," 'and "Whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." Again, "If any man hear my words and be_ lieve not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world," In everything Christ leaves the individual to choose whom he will serve; but his professed followers instead of following him and presenting his righteousness, thus per-suading the sinner individually to accept it, must need's make(?) the sinner righteous by legislating righteousness onto the State. How they can make the State holy with-out first converting every sinner composing the State, they do not undertake to explain, for they cannot. If those who are doing this work of Satan, but who do not realize it as such, and who honestly think as did Paul, that they are doing God's service, would only go on bended knees before the throne of grace with hearts humbled by Christ's Spirit and ask for light on this ques-tion, God would flood them with light, and his Spirit would show whither their feet were tending, and lift them from the groveling ranks of the arch-enemy to the mighty ranks of the Omnipotent Prince who will soon vanquish all intrigue and sin, and rule the universe in peace and righeousness. THE city authorities of Cleveland, Ohio, maintain an attitude of firm hostility to all desecration of Sunday by baseball games and public sports, and as a result it is said the Cleveland League Ball Club will be transferred to some other city. 