Ł iŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ: ' An illustrated 16-page weekly, I religious, home paper. It stands by the Word of God. It is truly evangelical. It preaches the right- eousness by faith which results in Ł right doing. It deals with pro- phetic  exposition. It is an earn- est  exponent of practical mission- Ł ary work. It presents to the reader the meaning of the revo- lutions and changes now taking Ł place in the political, social, phys Ł - ical, and religious worlds, in the light of prophecy. It is whole- 2 some, clean, elevating, whether Ł IŁ you agree with it or not. Price $1.00 a pear Sample copy free .7lddress, Signs of the Clines Oakland, Cal. Ł The object of 1. this book is to Ł teach us to look .;* unto Jesus from x every scriptural tpoint of view. xIt treats espe- cially of the tŁ present posi- 3. and work of t our Lord in the Heavenly Sanct-,uaryŠa theme Ł of interest to .s: "S.  Ł:* Ł it camas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. 4..:ŁŁŁŁŁ:ŁŁŁŁ.:..:ŁŁŁŁŁŁ:ŁŁŁŁ:..:ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ:ŁŁŁŁŁŁ:..:÷:ŁŁŁŁŁŁ *.* 4 ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 30 Mtonti. St., IN-e-vv- 'York. every Christian. Cloth edition, beautifully bound in buckram, cover printed in four colors, postpaid, - 81.oe,  Presentation edition, gold side stamp, gold edges, a very acceptable present, postpaid, $1.51) 300 AMERICAN SENTINEL. . ‚0Ł 0%,/%0Y.,derworŁ,00"Łoreair-aorŁorŁaerusruie,,e0,Ł,/,  THE DESIRE 4` 01. 4:4 OF AGES. 1 . Interesting and Instructive. The manuscript for this book has been un-der preparation by the author, Ithes. E. G. WHITE, for the last ten years, and it is sufficient to say that it is one of the most important and attractive of all her numerous works. Present demands bespeak for it an extensive circulation. Work of art. The publishers have done all in their if power to make this the finest book of the kind ever published. Some of the best artists in the country have been employed for more than two years, at a cost of several thousand dollars. . . i‚ 8 Of Practical Value. received in reference to this book, For years inquiries have been .44 at PRICE, POSTPAID Cloth, Cloth, Library, Full Morocco Marble Edge, - Gilt it Marble " - Gilt . $3.5° 4.25 - 5.00 7.00 ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland. NviaeNikeNsommewNiegoe......".". BIBLES. WE sell Bibles of all kinds, but we have a very zest copies of the Variorum Teachers' Edition, whicis everybody knows is a fine thing in the way of a Bible, as it gives "various renderings and readings from the best authorities." It has copious teachers' helps, Concord-ance, excellent maps, etc., etc., bound in fine leather, divinity circuit, kid lined to edge, red under gold edges, with large clear type. It is really a handsome book and worth all we ask for it. The regular price is $10, but we will send it postpaid to those who speak first for $4. Size 1%x7x9. A rare chance. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the Foreign FOR-EIGN MISSION BOARD, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. - it. 104440.0.4404:400.44:4000.44444.444.4444.44 tA v but Ł ..t"Christian Work" 7 .. Cannot Is what the  is I.  x o X ..\ A, 0 . ŠNEW BOOKŠ is 1,.. Ł . LOOKING UNTO JESUS. Thrill the heart (New York City) Ł f the . /'  Reader " y says of our :ee y Che' Signs of the times 