20 THE .AMERiC.A.N SENTINEL,. In the one case, free Christianity will be en-slaved; in the other, her beautiful form will be marred and her fair name dishonored; and in either case the unkindest thrust of all will bo by the traitorous hand of National Reform. For a traitorous hand it is, because, under the First Amendment of the Constitution, as it is, Christianity is forever safe from all her ene-mies, and forever free, in free America. With the First Amendment of the United States Constitution as it is, the presidential chair and every seat in Congress might be filled with the worst infidels and the most bitter en-emies of Christianity that aro in the land, and Christianity could not be molested or disturbed in the least degree. But with that amend-ment changed as the National Reformers pro-pose to change it, then in the filling of the presidential chair and of each seat in Congress, Christianity would have just cause for fear, be-cause there would be no means of knowing whether those who gain the seats were really her friends or her enemies; and with a bare majority of the enemies of Christianity in Con-gressional seats, every Christian in the land would be in danger of losing the dearest rights known to man. Traitorous, therefore, would be the hand of any but an avowed enemy of Christianity, that would attempt to break down this safeguard of 'Christianity in the United Statcs; but to sweep away this safe- guard is what the National Reform _associa-tion, under the guise of the Christian name, declares 'that it is its purpose to do, and there-fore most traitorous is the hand of National Reform./ One or the other of these evils will inevita- bly follow the success of National Reform in its designs upon the United States Constitu- tion. The certain consequence will be either that Christianity will be delivered into the hands of open infidelity and atheism, or else there will be developed a new form of the Papacy to meet, and successfully contend with, the open enemies of Christianity. As to which of these forms of evil would be the worst we can form no opinion. Of the former we have an- illustration in the French Revolution;- of the latter we have an illustration in the In-quisition, the massacre of St. Bartholomew's Day, and.the Crusade against the Albigenses. Yet, although we can form no opinion as to which would be the- worst, we can form an opinion as to which form would ruleŠand ruin. We are fully persuaded that it would be the image of the Papacy. We are assured of this ° because we are satisfied that the National Re-form Association, on its own part, would prove itself fully equal to the task of outdoing the open enemies of Christianity in till the po- litical methods they might employ; and this assurance is made doubly sure, by the con-fessed fact that National Reform will be in close alliance with the Papacy itself. Read this:Š " Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to co-operate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them."ŠChristian Statesman, December 11, 1884. And this:Š " We may be subjected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, for the time is not yet come  when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churchesŠas such; but the time has come to make repeated advances and gladly to accept co-operation in any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. It is one of the necessities of the situation."ŠRev. S. F. Scovel, Christian Statesman, August 81, 1881. And the National Reform Association, in-spired and supported by the Papacy can out-do political atheism in all the politically atheistic methods that they can -employ. The Roman Church has had sixteen hundred years' prac-tice " in resisting the progress of political athe- ism," and there is not a political method known to the human race, of which she is not the consummate mistress. In her presence all the political atheists in Christendom must hide their diminished heads. This is why we , are certain that the success of National Re-form will be to develop a new form of the Pa- pacy. For with this alliance with Rome which the National Reformers are so anxious to completeŠso anxious, indeed, that they will make repeated advances and suffer re- peated rebuffsŠwhen, under their reformed Constitution, the political conflict comes on between National Reform and the enemies of all religion, the " Reformers " will be thor-oughly furnished unto all bad works. If brib- ery is demanded, Rome can furnish scores of eminent examples among the Popes, and ages of practice among all classes- from kings and emperors to peasants and beggars. If mob violence or military force becomes necessary to the success of a candidate for office, Rome is likewise an adept in this, as the election of Pope Damasus and of many of his successors abundantly proves. If intrigue, treachery, fraud, and the most secret and deceptive wire-working are required, there are the Jesuits, whom Leo XIII. has lately restored to all their rights and privileges, and has thus pre-pared this strong support to National Reform. We might follow these lines and extend these illustrations to almost any required length, but these points are sufficient to show to all thinking men that out of the success of National Reform there can come no good thing, but only evil, and that continually and continually increasing. If any of the National Reformers object to the points which we have here made, let them not blame us, let them call to account the president of their Associ, ation, and their district secretary, W. J. Cole-man, whose statements, fairly quoted, we have only traced to their logical and inevitable consequences. If either President Brunot's or Secretary Coleman's statement in regard to the First Amendment are not correct, let the National Reformers call him to account and correct him not us. We have only rea-soned upon the premises laid- down by these leading officials of the National Reform Asso-ciation; if the premises are not true, that is their fault, not oursŠlet them correct the premises and we will revise our conclusions. But if the premises are true., and we believe they are, then the demonstration is complete that the success of National Reform will as- sure in this nation. the development of a liv- ing image of the Papacy. A. T. J. - Ł "TRUST in the Lord, and do good." Civil Laws and Religion. THE question of the true relation of civil law to matters of religion is generally regarded as a most intricate one; and yet in this country it has, practically, been exceedingly simple, the rule generally adhered to being to legis-late only upon matters relating to the manners and conduct of men as social beings, leaving purely religious questions, such as the recog-nition of God as an object of worship, and right feeling toward him, to be settled by the Judge of all the earth. This is certainly the only safe and practic-able rule possible among finite beings; for, to go farther than this, and at the same time do right in each case, would require infinite wis-dom; or, at least, ability to read the thoughts and intents of the heart and properly weigh the motives of all men. This, God alone can do; and since he alone can determine the mag-nitude of an offense against himself, he alone should pass judgment and mete out punish-merit in all such cases. It is absolutely necessary that there should be laws regulating the relations of man to man, and that these laws should be -enforced at a time and in a manner that will give that protection to life and property which they are designed to afford; and God has himself recognized this fact by ordaining civil govern-ment among men; but we have not the slight-est intimation in the Scriptures that it is proper for human governments to legislate upon -religious questions. Of the powers of civil rulers the apostle Paul says:Š " Let every soul be subject unto- the higher powers. For there is no power but of God; the powers that be arc ordained of God." " Where-fore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake. For, for . this cause pay ye tribute also; for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. Render therefore to all their dues; tribute to whom tribute is due; custom to whom custom; fear, to whom fear; honor to whom honor." Rom. 13 : 1, 5-7. But it may be urged that in this the apos-tle condemns the action of Peter and John (Acts 4 : 19, 20), who when commanded by the officers not to speak any more in the name of Semis answered: " Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard." This would indeed be in conflict with the text before quoted if- both were upon the same subject; but they are not; Paul is treat-ing of obedience in civil affairs, and the utter-ances of Peter and John have to do entirely with matters of religion. The-  law of which Paul was speaking was, as appears from Rom. 13 : 9, that part of the decal ogue which defines our duty to our fellow-men; and to it he says that we " must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake." This law, says the apostle, as said also the Saviour, " is briefly compre-hended in this saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself;" and he adds, "Love worketh no ill to his neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law." That is, he who loves his neighbor will deal justly with him in 