AME1RICAN SENTINEL. 743 Christ, from which looks down the sweetly sorrowful face of Jesus, saying:Š " Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Matt. 26:52. Where would be that victory? Surely, the cross and the flag are not of a kind. They will not mix. Canon City, Colo. An Object Lesson for Christians. BY STEMPLE WHITE. WHAT an object lesson do the lives of Abraham and Lot present to us. "Their substance was great." Abra-ham sojourned in "the land of promise," and was not "reckoned among the nations." No doubt he had many advantages and opportunities towards earthly emolu-ments, for he "was very rich, in cattle, in silver, and in gold;" and moreover delivered to the Egyptians the science of astronomy, in which they afterward became famous. But Abraham kept his eye fixed on the prom-ises of God. "He believed God, and it was accounted unto him for righteousness." Thus he became the "father of the faithful, and was called the "Friend of God." But Lot did not sojourn in the promised land, and was "reckoned among the nations." He, also, "had flocks and herds, and tents," and after the strife between the herdmen, with the privilege of choice before him, he chose the well-watered plains of Jordan "and pitched his tent toward Sodom." He soon became mixed up in the political affairs of Sodom, and got into office; for we find him sitting in the gate of Sodom, which was the place of a judge. But soon because of its great wickedness God decrees that Sodom must be destroyed. The decree is made known to Abraham, and the Friend of God pleads for the sav-ing of the city if there be found within it not fifty, forty, thirty, twenty, but ten righteous persons. Surely, thought Abraham, Lot is safe. But no! the city must go. And why? Lot was in politics and was conformed to the things of Sodom. He had won no converts. As a missionary his life was a failure; and the probation-ary lives of many professors will be total failures if they continue to be conformed to the things of this world and are reckoned among the nations. For when God smites the nations, those who are joined to the nations will also be smitten. Thus Sodom suffered "the venge-ance of eternal fire," and is "set forth for an example" of what the world's final destruction will be. The last we hear of Lot he is dwelling in a cave in a mountain, where he became the father of the Moabites and the Ammonites,Špeople who ever afterward were the ene-mies of God. How unlike Abraham! God says of his people that they "shall dwell alone" and shall "not be reckoned among the nations;" for they are a "peculiar people," "pilgrims and sojourners," whose "citizenship is in heaven." They are "looking for a city," and are not satisfied with earthly rest, be-cause it is polluted. Will you, Christian reader, believe God, as did Abra-ham, and have it accounted unto you for righteousness? Jesus said, "My kingdom is not of this world." Will you believe the Author of Christianity and act upon that belief, not only from the standpoint of "What would Jesus do?" but What did Jesus do? He paid tribute to whom tribute was due, but kept out of poli-tics, refusing the kingship even when they would make him a king "by force." "Go thou and do likewise." "The servant is not greater than his Lord." The darkest period of the world's history was caused by the church forsaking her lawful spouse and commit-ting "fornication with the kings of the earth." Church-and-state union in the individual was the tiny seed which produced that awful tree that flourished in the Dark Ages. "If the root be holy so are the branches," and vice versa. "Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of this-tles?" Brighton, Ia. The United States in Alliance with the Papacy. Leonard Woolsey Bacon, in "The Outlook." WHEN, in December, 1897, the Spanish government had lost hope of subduing the insurrection [in the Phil-ippines] led by young Aguinaldo, proposals of peace were made by the governor-general, Primo de Rivera, which were considered in the council of the revolution-ary government, with the result that on the 14th of that month a formal treaty was concluded between Aguinaldo in behalf of the Philippine insurgents, and Governor-General de Rivera in behalf of Spain. In this treaty it was conceded by Spain that the chief of the abuses on account of which the insurgents had taken up arms should be abated, foremost of which was that intolerable tyranny of the monastic orders which has ever been the gravamen of the constant dis-content and rebellion of the Philippine Islanders. The expulsion of the monastic orders was promised. It was further promised that there should be a general am-nesty to all persons charged with rebellion or sedition, and that an indemnity of $800,000 should be paid, half of it at once, the other half in successive installments. On the other hand, it was promised on the part of the insurgents that their army should lay down its arms, and that their principal leaders should leave the islands during the pleasure of the Spanish crown. The insurgents fulfilled their part of the treaty. They surrendered their arms to the Spanish govern 