56 THE AN'IERICAN SENTINEL. 11712e An2ericar2 ge0h2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JULY, 1887. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed -for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Bible says, " If one man sin against another, the judge shall judge him k but if a man sin against the Lord, who shall entreat for him." But the National Reform doctrine is that whether one man sin against another, or whether he sin against the Lord, the judge shall judge him anyhow. The fact of the matter is that nothing can be truer than that National Reform is directly opposed to the Bible. "DISTRICT SECRETARY" REV. M. A. GUALT says he is " proud to belong to a denomination which appropriates $10,000 of its funds for political agitation each year." We do not doubt it in the least. But, Mr. Gault, " Pride goeth before destruction," for "Everyone that is proud in heart is an abomination to the Lord; though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished " To the American peo-ple we say, When these proud political agita-tors come to you, remember that "Blessed is that man that maketh the Lord his trust, and respeeteth not the proud." IN the Cleveland National Reform Conven- tion, 1883, the Rev. Frederick Merrick, D. D., bﬁid :Š " Given any form of government, and hu-imi a nature what it is, and the temptations of of3 3e what they are, and corruption is inev-ita .51e." Of course it is. And yet with human nat-ure exactly as it is, and the temptations of office precisely what they are, these men act-ually teach that a National Reform form of government will bring the millennium. But even though the thing could last a thousand years it would only be a millennium of corrup-tion worse corrupted. There is no danger however of there ever being a millennium of National Reform. It would be literally im-possible for human society to bear for any Considerable length of time the weight of cor-ruption that would be heaped upon it by such a form of government. THE National Reform Association proposes a Constitutional recognition of Christianity as the national religion, and to provide the church " funds out of the public treasury for carrying on her aggressive work at home and in the foreign field." The following words from Dr. Herrick Johnson, of Chicago, are true and most appropriate just now :Š " State recognition and State support lead inevitably to pride, bigotry, and intolerance. .‚nd this may easily pass into a divine-right consciousness that shall use the stake, the rack, the torture, to vindicate the arrogant craim, and bring protesting heretics to their  senses. Happily we are rid of all this. Let us thank God for it, and keep it so. Let us pray that that bitterest and bloodiest of all wars, a religious war, be spared us. Let us say instantly and firmly to any grasping hier-archy coveting State recognition and aiming at exclusive privilege, `Hands off! No pub-lic money for sectarian use.' Let us keep Church and State clear of each other. It has been our glory and our peace thus far." THE National Reformers tell us that they do not want their Constitutional Amendment until they can get it by a free vote of the peo-ple. They do not want Christian institutions and customs enforced by civil laws, until it is the will of the people that they shoul$be so enforced. Very well, that looks mild enough, and people certainly ought not to complain of the results of laws which they themselves enact. But let us examine the case a little more closely. What do they mean by the will of the peo-ple? Do they mean all the people of this land? If so, what necessity will there be for placing Christian laws and usages "on an un-deniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land " ? If all the people accept Chris-tianity of their own free will, what need of laws enforcing Christianity? At any rate, if that is just what they want, they could save time by saying nothing about laws at present. Let them exert all their energies to get men converted as soon as possible, and then when all are converted, they can introduce their scheme of a legal recognition of Christianity. But it is not at all probable that any Na-tional Reformer would claim that they expect to get every person in favor of -their scheme before they put it through. They do not ex-pect that all the people will ever voluntarily accept their theories. What they mean by having the Amendment a free expression of the will of the people, is that they want a clear, working majority. In other words, they don't want the Amendment until they can have a large enough majority in favor of it to compel dissenters to accept it, " under all civil pains." o fŁ Unbearable Usurpation. Thus says Prof. 0. N. Stoddard, of Wooster University, Ohio, and a leading National Re- former :Š tlk " The State must begin the cultivation of morals at the cradle's side, and continue till mature manhood and womanhood have com-pleted the lesson." That is to say that the State must step be-tween the parent and the child even at the cradle side, and at the very first begin to in-still into the mind of the child doctrines which the parent abhors because he knows in his heart they are false. What can the par-ent do ? If he protests then he is separated entirely from his child, as one whose influ-ence is contaminating and dangerous to the interests and the authority of the State. Do not think that this statement of Pro-fessor Stoddard's is a slip of the pen, or ex-ceptional among National Reformers. It is straight out National Reform doctrine. In  their Cincinnati Convention, 1872, Rev. A. D. Mayo said :Š " But why not divide this work, and leave the moral and religious part of the education of the citizen to the parent and priest? Be-cause you cannot hold the parent or the priest to any public responsibility to educate the child into that practical form of religion and morality essential to good citizenship in a re-publican State." So therefore under National Reform rule the State must supplant the parent. And under such rule we shall be inducted into the times of Louis XIV., when parents were robbed of their children, because "The will of the king is that there be no more than one relig- ion in this kingdom ; it is for the glory of God and the well being of the State." Or the times of the Covenanter rule in Scotland, when "the preacher reprehended the husband, governed the wife, chastised the children, and insulted over the servants in the houses of the greatest men." If there was ever a more wicked scheme delised outside of the Papal Church than is set forth in this National Reform iniquity, we know not where in all history it can be found. And to realize that such a wicked thing is to-day supported in its aspirations by the moral influence of " all evangelical churches " and by the active influence of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, is astounding. A GENTLEMAN in Indiana, who 1S both a lawyer and the editor of a paper, sends us a letter, from which we take the following ex-tract :Š "I have just finished reading the May num-ber of the SENTINEL. I like it very much. It seems to oppose the National Reform nonsense as a Christian should, and not as an infidel would. I dislike the so-called reform, because I think it dishonors my Saviour, not because I don't believe in him. Whatever dishonors Christ, brings misery to men. I like your arguments, and wish you great success. Many ministers in my church are carried away with this heresy, and are injuring their usefulness. My church is the United Presbyterian; it is near of kin to the Covenanters." Our friend has the right idea of National Reform, and he has hit exactly upon the se-cret of the SENTINEL'S opposition to it. May there be many like him, not only among the United Presbyterians, but among the Cove-nanters themselves. No one who truly desires to honor the Lord Jesus, will wish to see his religion degraded to the level of politics, nor to have national acknowledgment of Christ secured by the help of the votes of selfish and worldly men. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, per year, ----- 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  2s. Specimen copies free. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 