264 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THE Woman's National Sabbath Alliance, which has headquarters in this city, has sent out for publica-tion the announcement that the alliance, "desiring to meet the demand for children's literature, offers two prizes, one of $15, and one of $10, for a short story suitable for children, teaching the value of the Sabbath and God's command for its observance." As the material for the vital portions of these essays must be drawn from the Scripture, and must be adapted to the minds of children, there is plainly a problem before the writers to teach Sabbath observance in a way that will point to Sunday as the day to be ob-served. Children are accustomed to taking people at their word, and when they read that "the seventh day is the Sabbath," they are ready to believe it because it is perfectly plain to their understanding; but they can-not comprehend the obscure "reasons" and inferences and strained arguments by which theologians have arrived at the conclusion that the fourth command-Ment means the first day of the week where it says "the seventh." They may be told that Sunday should be kept because on that day Christ rose from the dead; but this is not a scriptural reason, and reasons not scriptural are worth nothing. The institution and obligation -of the seventh-day Sabbath can be made plain to any child; but the argu-ments for Sunday can be grasped only by an educated mind. Is not this the truth? We believe it can be dem-onstrated at any time. THE following press item presents a feature of war not usually taken into account, but one worth consider ing by humane peopleŠits infliction of suffering upon dumb animals. Enormous numbers of horses used by the combatants in South Africa have fallen victims to sudden or more frequently slow and painful death upon the battlefield, to starvation, disease, and other evils peculiar to that country, and a great business in im-portation has sprung up to supply the demands of the cavalry and other branches of the service in which the horse is required. We are told that "the consumption of horse power by the British in South Africa is causing great prosperity in the American horse market. British  agents now here are buying immense, consignments in,  Chicago and Louisville and New York, and the total,  purchases may reach 25,000 animals. The existence of the horse is secure so long as wars continue to require his breeding for the operations of the battlefield and military raid. The automobile can hardly displace the equine race as a fighting machine." PROFESSOR PERSIFOR FRAZER, of the University of.  Pennsylvania, was excluded from the witness stand as incompetent in a trial at Philadelphia, to which he had been called, the reason for his disqualification being his disbelief in the Christian religion. Such action is plainly contrary to the Constitutional provision against discrimination before the law, on account of religiou& belief, contained in the fundamental law both of the-United States and of the States. THE "religious census" idea- is being tried in To-ronto, Canada. The Canadian Baptist says of it:Š "A general canvass is being made of the city of Toronto, by house to house inquiry as to church and Sunday-school attendance of the occupants. The can-vassers are being generally acceptably secured, but in some cases their inquiries are resented as impertinently inquisitive. These are no doubt among the lapsed; members of the different communions." THE tabulation of the Cuban census shows that only fifteen per cent. of the adult population are able to read and write. As the franchise in the island will prob-ably be made dependent to some degree upon educa-tional qualifications, there is every prospect of a gov-ernment for the Cubans founded upon a very small and aristocratic electorate. A New Way to "Harmonize" Scripture. AsjAN illustration of the practical skepticism that is taking the place of faith in the Christian church, the following from the question and answer column of The Outlook, a professedly Christian journal,' is to the point:Š "How do you harmonize the doctrine of God's free love with the Biblical accounts of his commands for the slaughter and extermination of peoples (for illus-tration, the Midianites)? Are the two consistent? W. T. M. "Where we read of such massacres as enjoined by divine command, the phrase 'the Lord' said' denotes only that the Hebrews thought he said so. God spoke to men then in the same way as now, i. e., through the dictates of reason and conscience. Then, as in the comparatively recent times when men were put to death for heresy, both reason and conscience were at 