170 AMERICAN SENTINEL. That second corps, in particular, was a jolly crew. The report of an Indian inspector shows that some were pa-per-hangers, some saloon-keepers, most had no knowl-edge whatever of pine, and that they spent their time mainly in drinking whisky and card-playing, and often guessed at the amounts of pine on the different tracts. In forwarding Inspector Wright's report to Congress, Jan. 26, 1897, the Indian Commissioner, Mr. Browning, said: 'It is quite clear to my mind that the estimates heretofore made are absolutely worthless.' A third ap-praisal is now in progress, and the Indian appropriation bill, now in conference, provides $45,000 for its continu-ance. "But the waste of money in fraudulent estimating is not the worst, for Inspector Wright reports that on the lands sold under the second appraisal (sixty one tracts in all) there were 12,472,000 feet of timber, while the ap-praisers reported the amount as only 5,547,000 feet. It is significant that those tracts were all snapped up by purchasers on the basis of that appraisal, while twenty-four other tracts with 4,799,000 feet of timber growing on them, against 4,088,000 feet reported by the apprais-ers, have not been bought at all. The principal repre-sentative of the Government in the Indian country de-nounced those sales as fraudulent, and did all in his power to prevent their confirmation, but in vain. "But now comes the principal source of fraud, and what the Indians to day most complain about. Under existing regulations green or growing pine cannot be cut at all, on the lands which the Indians have ceded or on their reservations, except on tracts that have, been - bought by individual purchasersŠa very small propor-tion. To make this pine what is technically known as `dead and down,' fires are made to run through it, scorching it a little, stopping the growth perhaps, but not really injuring its marketable value, if it be cut in a year or two. Pine logs in the Chippewa country are worth about $5 a thousand, but for 'dead and down,' or burnt timber, the Indians get but 75 cents a thousand. Of that 75 cents 50 cents goes to the credit of the In-dians, and 25 cents to Ł the Government for expenses. This is taking the Indians' pine from them fon only ten per cent. of its real value, and, as a congressman has said, it is offering a premium to incendiarism. As white human nature is in those regions a man will hardly pay $5 for a thing when by touching a match he can get it for 75 cents. Also the testimony accumulates that' un-der the pretence of cutting 'dead and down' timber white lumbermen are cutting mostly green logs, getting them, of course, for 75 cents, while the market price is $5. There may be on, the tree a little blackening by fire, recent or remote, but its top is green. "It was the irritation of these disgraceful facts which made the Bear Island Indians tell their agent last fall that they would take back their lands and undo the treaty; and reports are now coming in to the Indian Office from the Chippewa country that green timber is still being cut in large quantities under pretence of its being 'dead and down.' The same tactics are:still going on, the Indians are becoming extremely irritated, and if these things be not stopped, the natural result will be armed resistance." And when this occurs there will be great indignation among the whites, and the extermination of the Indians  will be called for, as was done last fall in the case of those at Leech Lake by a leading journal of Minneapolis. This is not saying that it is the intention and aim of the Government to deal unfairly with the Indians. Un-doubtedly the Government intends quite the opposite. It may even aim to be "benevolent." But between the agents employed to deal with the Indians and the white men who cast covetous eyes upon their possessions, the Government's benevolent intentions are never carried into effect. Only under self government can any people be secure in the enjoyment of their rights. Interesting Testimony for Beef Eaters. SOME very valuable facts are being elicited in connec-tion with the inquiry being conducted by the Govern- ment regarding the preparation of beef for the market, Šfacts that are "mighty interesting," or should be, to American beef eaters. It has been testified, among other things, that beef which is condemned by the inspectors and thrown into a tank provided as a receptacle for diseased meat, is after-wards hauled out with grappling hooks, packed and sold for good beef. This testimony was given by Dr. W. S. Devoe, chief inspector of the Bureau of Animal Indus- try at the Chicago stock yards. This testimony supplements that given by Mr. Tom Dolan, who was for several years a foreman in the em-ploy of Armour and Co. To these is now added the affidavit of Mr. W. W. Budlong, ex-manager in Rhode Island for the firm of Nelson Morris & Co. From this affidavit we republish the following paragraphs, as giv-ing information which every responsible AmericanŠand especially beef eatersŠought to know:Š . "I know personally that tons upon tons of poor beef, bad beef, ulcerated, tuberculous, carrion beef, have come into Rhode Island and been sold here at good prices to people who paid for good, wholesome beef and thought! they were getting it. I was the agent of Nelson Morris & Co., and saw fit to remonstrate with a representative of the firm when a particularly horrifying sample came in the fall of 1893, I think it was. It was a side of beef and it contained a big ulcer. It also bore a yellow tag, about 2x4 inches, affixed bya United States inspector in Chicago, where the beef was packed, bearing the words in bold type, 'Condemned.' I am almost sure I called the attention of George Bradley to it. He was at that time assistant manager for Hyman, the packing company's general Eastern agent, with headquarters at Manhattan Market, New York City, and asked him what should be done with the condemned beef. I was told to sell it, and to sell everything that came to me, condemnation tag or no tag. I was there, he said, to sell beef, and not to inspect or criticise it. "After that many of the consignments to me would be made up of poor, light cattle. Though dead and dressed it did not require the experienced eye of an ex' 