AMERICAN SENTINEL. of the law, he cannot, "for conscience' sake," be subject unto the civil authority. When the state wants a Sunday l'aw, the Christian, believing it to be his duty to sanctify the seventh day and not the first, according to the fourth commandment, cannot, "for conscience' sake," render obedience to the state in it. For the very sake of the duty he owes to the state, which is to be conscientiously rendered, he must refuse to yield his conscience to the state. The Christian who parts with conscience can serve neither God nor the state. And no law can ever be in the interests of the state which brings any pressure to bear upon Christians in this direction. Which Is the Better? THE gospel of God aims to lead an individual to the highest plane of heroism,Šso to develop personal inde-pendence, courage, and love of truth and justice that he would dare do right though all the world should do wrong, and though he should suffer death for doing it. It aims to make of him a Moses, an Elijah, a Daniel, a Paul, a Luther. The Sunday law (and all religious legislation) tends to make an individual move with the masses, to lean upon the crowd, to think that he cannot do right inde-pendently of others around him, or without a law to make it convenient and easy for him. It tends to make him go as all moral cowards go, to- do as they do, and think as they think. It tends to make him more a moral coward than he is already. No individual ever rose to distinction in this world who followed such a plan of action. The one tends to elevate the individual to the highest plane of moral development, the other tends to sink him to the lowest level of moral cowardice. Which is the better of these two systems? Which of these two classes of individuals does the nation want? "Sunday Slavery." THE Constitution of the United States declares that "neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction." This being so, the millions who are in the bondage of `Sunday slavery," about which so much is now said by the advocates of Sunday laws, have, a plain remedy for their situation in an appeal to the fundamental law of the land. Why, then, is not the Constitution invoked by some-body for this purpose? For that it never has been ap-pealed to as a remedy for "Sunday slavery" is an evident fact, although the agitators for Sunday laws are not in ignorance of its provisions. The plain reason is that these agitators know very well that the Sunday work about which they are talking is not slavery at all. They know that there is not a court in the land that would for a moment sustain the idea that the anti slavery provision of the Constitution had any application to such labor. This "slavery" is a myth. There is a great deal of moral slavery in the land. but only the gospel of God can deliver any person from that. 1-1* , 4 Hypocritical Laws and their Enforcement. THE New York World, of the 12th inst., alludes to the operation of the excise and Sunday laws under the new Tammany administration, and says that "President York, of the Police Board, expressed the true idea in say-ing that the excise and Sunday laws should be `broadly construed and liberally enforced.'" We want no laws that have to be construed and en-forced in this way. We want laws that are plain in their meaning, that mean what they say, and that will be en-forced in exact accordance with their wording. Anything less than this can be only hypocrisy and fraud. * Ł 4 D. L. Moody on "Reform." REFORM ! What we want is the regeneration of the city by the power of the Holy Ghost. You can't make good governments out of bad men. Proposed "Sabbath" Legislation at Albany. THE daily press has announced that the question- of Sunday legislation will shortly be 'raised at Albany, by a bill to be introduced by Assemblyman Harburger. This proposed bill will so amend the sections of the code which relate to the observance of Sunday as to per-mit baseball on the National League grounds, anti al-most every kind of show and sporting contest "between_ the hours of 8 and 11 o'clock in the evening." This of course is simply to say that those whom the bill represents do not care a fig for any principle that may be involved in Sunday legislation, but only for the dollars which such legislation may shut out from their pockets. They are willing that honest business should be prohibited, and also innocent sports and pastimes except in such a way as will affect their own pecuniary interests. It is not at all certain that the bill will pass; but it may be taken as a straw that shows which way the wind is blowing. It is clear that the cause of religious liberty has nothing to expect from this so-called "liberal" ele-ment on the ground of principle. That cause has nothing to gain from a law which would wink at injustice, ignore consistency, and rest upon no foundation but that of selfish policy. 