AMERICAN SENTINEL. 621 that have stained with blood so many of the pages of history. In securing the preservation of rights, force is entirely proper; but in securing moral or right action it has no proper place. God and his co-workers use love to secure such action; but the arch-enemy of God and man uses forceŠnot to make men moral, for he hates morality; but to make them conform to some standard of morality which he himself has set up in opposition to God, and palmed off upon the world. And all who employ or ad vocate force to make people do right are really working in harmony with him. Even if force were used to make people conform to the true standard of morality,Šthe law of God,Šit would be contrary to God, for it is not God's way. And the per-son upon whom it was used, instead of becoming better, would learn to hate instead of to love that law,Šbe-, cause he would see in it only an instrument of slavery to himself. A New Sabbath Tract. THERE are many persons who have not time to read long discussions, elaborate essays, and voluminous histo-ries on the growingly important Sabbath question. For the benefit of such, we are issuing a tract, containing over eighty facts, extracts, and references concerning both Sabbath and Sunday, which facts are generally arranged in their chronological order. An item of especial interest to lovers of old books will be the reproduction of the title page of one of the books from which quotations are made, published in 1635. These citations are perfectly reliable in every respect and this tract will be a boon to those desiring a compendium of Sabbath history. It is listed as No. 45 of the "Apples of Gold Library," con-tains thirty-two pages, price two cents. Address, Pacific Press Pub. Co., 39,Bond Street, New York City. An Excellent Commercial College. WE have for some time carried the announcement of the Capital City Commercial College, of Des Moines, Iowa, because from personal knowledge we knew it to be one of the best schools of the kind anywhere in the West; in-deed, it has few equals and no superiors anywhere. Those who are desirous of taking a thorough business or shorthand course will find there every opportunity to secure the best possible training, under skilled teachers. They say the proof of a pudding is the eating of it. The proof of the value of this school is the excellent success that attends those who take a course there. Quite a goodly number of SENTINEL readers are among its gradŁ uates. One of these is Miss Ora M. Fraser, private sten-ographer to Dr. Kellogg, of the Battle Creek Sanitarium. She says : "I am confident if it were not that 1 had re-ceived the thorough training and drill which the 'Four C's' alone can give, I could not fill the position I now have here in connection with the Sanitarium, for many others from other schools have tried and failed. I shall always recommend the Capital City Commercial College to my friends who are thinking of taking a commercial or stenographic course." The SENTINEL takes pleasure  in advising its young friends who contemplate taking such a training as a commercial, college is designed to give, to write for catalogue and further particulars, ad- dressing MEHAN & MCCAULEY, Des Moines, Iowa. OCTOBER 22. WE hereby give notice that the present offer of our premium Bible with the Sentinel for one year for $3 will close on above-named date. To give our friends at a distance from us an equal chance with those near by, we will honor all orders received which are accom-panied by a money order or bank draft on ŁNew York dated on or before Oct. 22, 1897. After that date the price will be as formerlyŠBible and Sentinel, 1 year, $3.50. WE are reminded of the familiar Biblical expression "of making books there is no end,"Šonly to' paraphrase it, substituting newspapers in the place of "books," by the appearance of a new candidate for consideration en-titled Christian Educator, edited by Prof. F. W. Howe, and published monthly at Battle Creek, Mich. It has for its motto, "The true object of education is to restore the image of God in the soul," and in this respect it takes advanced ground over many other so-called educational journals. Among its contributors are names familiar to many, such, for instance, as, Mrs. E. G. White, Prof. W. W. Prescott, Eld. A. T. Jones, J.. H. Kellogg, M.D., Prof. E. A. Sutherland, G. H. Bell, and other leading educators in the denomination of Seventh-day Adventists, largely in whose interest it is issued. To say that it fills a "long-felt want" is but mildly expressing it. The August num-ber is rich with timely suggestions and admonitions on educational subjects, and no one who is interested in education can invest forty cents more judiciously. Send for sample copies, and thus become a regular reader. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF THE International Religious Liberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, it Three " - ADDRESS. AT1ERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York. $1.00 - .50 