120 AMERICAN SENTINEL. CARDINAL GIBBONS, head of the Catholic church in the United States, said in a recent address against polygamy, that if Congress had allowed B. H. Roberts a seat in the national legislature, it "would have ben to countenance the degradation of. the holiest state of man." This is a confession that the cardinal and all the prelates of his church, all the priests, and the pope himself, are by the doctrine and discipline of that church debarred from the holiest state of man; which is quite the truth. "IF the United' States Government attempts by force of arms to reinstate the friars in the possession of their immense property in the country [the Philippines], the people say that they will fight to the last man against such injustice." So writes Rev. Jas. B. Rogers, Presbyterian missionary to the Philippines, to The Outlook; and this "very grave danger ahead," he says further, is one to which "Archbishops Ireland and Noz-aleda are striving their utmost to blind the people of America." DISPATCHES from Sydney, Australia, state that the British reverses in South Africa have produced a great sensation in Sydney, and a Sunday was designated as a day of prayer for victory by the churches in New South Wales and Victoria. Cardinal Moran, of Sydney, was a prominent figure in the movement, and made a remarkable speech," advocating compulsory military service in Australia. "'Certainly government is not for the sake of the-people; and _I do not consider happiness an end at all.. We must make the people happy, else they will rebel; but this is only a means for furthering the interests of the State, while the true end of government is a great nationŠEmpire."' And this is not only the true Russian conception of government, but the conception held by every nation when it starts out on the road to empire; it is the im-perial conception. And Russians and Europeans are now not the only people who laugh at the American Constitution. THE old religio-political idea of saving men by wholesale, with its sensational methods, which has been revived by some modern "evangelists" and "reformers," was presented in contrast with the Scriptural -idea of; saving men by individuals, in a recent sermon by Rev.. J. B. Hamilton, a Methodist clergyman of Brooklyn, N. Y. The speaker, among other things, said:Š "Who watched the waning of the great revival movement backed by the whole Christian organiza-tion of the City of Churches without chagrin? Leav-ing out the curiosity-seeking crowd drawn by sen-sational methods of questionable propriety, this whole city did not furnish an audience equal to that drawn by any one of fifty week-day prayer meetings. Coarse wit, the stage tricks of the buffoon, the airy conceits of individual caprice, combined to disgust a multitude of sensible and sympathetic observers. "There never has been a silly delusion that has shamed Christianity in the past that cannot be matched to-day in the teachings of the self-styled evangelists.. We have boy preachers, girl preachers, cowboy preach-ers, cyclone evangelists, advocating nonsense that would make a thoughtful schoolboy smile. Men of learning and experience are set aside. The Scriptural method of saving men by the individual, one at a time, is superseded by the modern plan of capturing men by the wholesale." Blue Law Arrest for Skating. "THE genuine Russian conception of government," says The Independent, "is very forcibly set forth in the following, which we quote from a paper by an American published in the Japan Mail. The American was con-versing with an intelligent and well-educated Russian officer, when the latter remarked:Š " 'There is one clause in the Constitution of the United States which always makes me laugh.' "'What is it?' I asked. "The statement that it is natural for all men to seek happiness, and that it is the business of govern-ment to attain it.' " 'But do you not consider government to be for the sake of the governed, and the welfare and happiness of the people a worthy end?' New York "Sun." NEW HAVEN, CONN., Feb. 11.ŠAn arrest under the old Blue Laws of the State, which put a penalty on va-rious diversions on the Sabbath, occurred to-ray when the Hamden, Conn., town constables took Arthur Edward Johnson into custody for skating. He was on Lake Whitney, two miles from this city, where the skat-ing has been enjoyed by hundreds of Yale and town men. Johnson was the skater on the lake. He was released on bonds. "YESTERDAY," reports the N. Y. World, of February 12, "Englewood, N. J., experienced its first effect -of the 