764 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "We shall soon see. What happened to Alexander after his conquest of the world?" "I know. He laid a wager that he could outdo his generals in drinking, and he drank the Herculean cup twice full. It was said to hold eleven quarts. The feast must have lasted some time. But as a result of this ter-rible wager, Alexander died in the very prime of his life and power." "Right here, Charlie, you may read the 21st verse of the eighth chapter." Charlie read, " 'And the rough goat is the king of Grecia, and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king. Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it, four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power."' "What position did Alexander hold in the newly-con-quered world?" "He was the first king." "When the horn representing the first kink was broken off, how many horns rose in its place?" "Four," said Charlie. "And what did this indicate?" "That four kingdoms should rise." "That's right. The Grecian kingdom was divided into four parts, and this explains the beast with four heads." "Yes, I remember now," Ł said Charlie, "that there were four of Alexander's generals that divided the king-dom among them. Wait; here is my history. I'll find out who they were. Lysimacus, Cassander, Seleucus, andŁ Ptolemy." "After we are through, take your map and trace out the territory each one occupied." "You remember that Babylon was to be entirely over-thrown. In Alexander's march he came-  to the ruins of the great city, and determined to rebuild it. His horses were stabled in some of the palaces of the city. As he tried to investigate the palaces he found them full of ven-omous creatures, and though the work was begun by Alexander and his workers, his death put a stop to the rebuilding of a city that God had said should never again be inhabited." "We have spoken in regard to the intolerant charac-ter of other governments, but Greece was not at all be-hind them in trying to order the religious thought of the world. The Greeks were' a very religious people. You remember what Paul says in Acts about their altars and their gods. Long before his time Socrates lived among the Greeks. He was very liberal in his thought, and did away with their gods, and died a martyr for his faith, or rather, for his lack of faith in their prescribed religion. All through the history of Greece, both before and after the coming of Jesus, are evidences that it was no friend to civil and religious liberty. Exceptions were found among her statesmen and thinkers, but the whole gov-ernment carried ou) the leopard-like spirit. I would like you to read from the 17th to the 20th of Acts, and you will find incidents that will help you to understand the  spirit of the Greeks, both when they would and when they would not see Jesus." "And now, dear, our next talk will bring us to the great and terrible beast that represents the fourth king- dom." F. B. Uncle Will's Story. THERE was a great uproar in the nursery. The day was so stormy and disagreeable that Mrs. Blanchard had decided that the children should play in doors, after their lessons had been recited. This happened quite often, and they had played so quietly and agreeably be-fore, that Uncle Will was surprised to hear the commotion this morning. "I tell you, Jennie Blanchard," yelled Charlie, "you 'ye got to do as we say. Jack and me are older 'n you an' lots bigger, an' there's as many again of us; so it's no more'n right;' is it Jack ?" "Course not," agreed Jack. "See here now, Jennie, you be the horse, and we'll show you how Joe Simpkins drives his bus. This is the bus; get on, Charlie; I'll catch the horse. Whoa!" yelled the determined young driver. But unfortunately this scheme did not seem'to meet the mind of the "horse," who protested loudly:Š "I tell you the bits hurt, and I won't wear that har-ness; it makes my neck ache. It isn't any fun to be a horse, anyway. I'd good deal rather be a little girl," screamed Jennie. "But you shall ! Jennie Blanchard, you shall I" Uncle Will thought it was high time that this kind of fun was stopped; so he stepped to the nursery door and called out: "Don't you want to hear a story, children? if you dO, just step into my room here." In a moment Uncle Will had Jennie in his arms, and two very eager little boys on his knees. They looked a trifle ashamed for fear their uncle had heard the row, but as he did not mention it, they soon began to breathe easier. "0, Uncle Will! tell a giant story." "A fairy story," suggested Jennie. But Uncle Will was not in a mood for either. "I'll tell you a true story, and you may see if you can guess whom it is about. "Once:a great many years ago, there was a man who had twelve boys." "Didn't he have any girls?" asked Jennie. "Yes; but it's the boys I'm going to tell you about. These boys were not always good and kind. Sometimes they quarreled among themselves; but it was with one of their littlest brothers that they had the most trouble. They were afraid that their father thought more of him than he did of them. One day the boys' father gave him a real pretty present, and that only made his brothers all the more wicked and cruel toward him. So they tried to get rid of him in every way. "At last, when the big brothers were a long way from 