AUGUST 6, 1896. CAW SIEN'TIENIELA 247 SIR WILLIAM HARCOURT ON SECTARIAN PUBLIC SCHOOLS. [Christian Register, July 28, 1896.] THE attempt to introduce sectarian ele-ments into the English Education bill brought out the withering sarcasm of Sir William Har-court in his London speelh: " If this govern-ment, or any government, aspire to deal with the education of the people, I should advise them to steer clear of the bishops. They are most excellent men, but they are the worst possible advisers. I have no doubt they are 'as innocent as doves,' but they are not as wise as serpents.' If we are to establish the education of the people upon a sound basis, let us establish it upon national, and not upon denominational, principles. Let us stand by the principle of popular election and popular control. The attempt on the part of the goy- - ernment first to cripple and then to absorb the school boards, is an attempt that has igno-niiniously failed, and it will not be repeated. The government tried to kill the school boards, and the school boards have killed the govern-ment. . . . There remains a good, sound basis of common sense in this nation, and it is that common sense, and not the obstruction of any party, which has destroyed the Educa-tion bill of 1896. Ł WORSE THAN RUSSIA. [The Truth Seeker, July 25, 1896.] EVERY American, even those who are " patriotic," must feel the force of the rebuke administered to our law-makers by a Russian Jew who, with three fellow craftsmen, was recently arrested in Williamsburg; N. Y., for working on Sunday. Said he:Š When we were in Russia, a despotic country where the Hebrew is hated, we were allowed to work on Sunday, because our Sabbath is the day before. We came to America, thinking it was a free country, but we find that the laboring man is more of a slave here than in Russia. Americans are easily satisfied who can boast of a sort of liberty that is denounced as tyr-anny by a subject of the Czar. Ł THE WRONG STANDARD. [Catholic Review (N. Y.), Aug. 1, 1896.] SAYS the Independent : "This [Christian Citizenship] was the topic of a score or more of addresses Thursday evening last at the Christian Endeavor convention. We could wish that far more attention could be given to it. The leaven of an old heresy that relig-ion and politics, religion and business, relig-ion and amusements are antithetic terms needs to be overcome. Men refer to the sphere of religion as though it were a limited sphere, touching no other relations or activities in life. When anybody speaks about members of the Christian Endeavor Society becoming interested in civil affairs, it is as though some great sacrilege were proposed. What! carry religion into politics? The next thing will be to carry politics into religion! ' And the way this is said shows that those who say it believe it to be the reductio ad absurdum, that it would bring ruin dire upon the Church, and that to dip the Church into the dirty pool of politics, would be a baptism of the devil. : . . The great need of the world is that God should be everywhere and constantly present. We want God in our business as  well as in our churches; in our amusements as well as in our devotions; in our politics most of all." But when the Catholic bishops of Canada recently acted on the principle here so cor-rectly advocated in favor of the Christian En-deavorers, the same Independent declared : " The Catholic papers of the Province of Quebec have all signed a mandement instruct-ing Roman Catholics that it is their duty to vote for the Conservative candidates. That is a somewhat high-handed measure, but nothing more than might be expected among French Canadians. Such official interference is bad politics and bad religion, and it will weaken the links which connect not a few Catholics with the Church." The Independ-ent has two weights and two measures. Ł A USELESS SCARECROW. [AN exchange prints this comment touch-ing the traditional belief in the connection between Sunday desecration and divine judg-ments, which found voice recently on the occasion of a Sunday disaster on a Western lake.] A religious paper solemnly tells its Łreaders the gale that wrecked a Sunday excursion on Lake Pepin was a judgment of God. What then are the gales that carry ninety-nine per cent. of such excursions safely on to their desired haven ? And what of the Monday gales that wreck churches and drive pious deacons to their cyclone cellars ? God does not pay by the day. Nor has he given to any of us the keys to interpret his providences. Let us retire the ancient scarecrow as to Sunday judgments. Crows flock to it with laughter instead of fleeing from it. Sunday excursions are dangerous, but in a deeper sense. BLESSING THE GROG SHOP. [Present Truth (London, Eng.), July 23, 1896.] THE Russian State has taken over the sale of spirits, and so the spirit traffic becomes a State monopoly. As everything the Russian State does is " Christian" it was fitting that the new departure should be inaugurated last week by religious services in many of the drink shops now transferred to the Crown. The modern " Christian" State blesses what God abhors, and curses that which God has blessed. How could it be expected otherwise when we know that Satan is " the God of this world," and this world is composed of all the kingdoms of men ? That is why we pray, " Thy kingdom come." MORE THAN HAS BEEN SUSPECTED. THE Sunday issue has become involved with the Prohibition issue, by reason of the compulsory holi-day making an idle day, and by reason of diverting work for prohibition to prohibition one day in seven. We have little suspected how much the civil sab-bath, intervening in place of the divine Sabbath has fostered ,and entrenched the liquor traffic in this country. It behooves Prohibitionists, and every one concerned about their issue, to scrutinize this matter quickly. See respecting this "The Only Alternative of Success," by G. H. Lyon. The difference between the divine Sabbath and a civil sabbath is all a contrast. The one makes a busy holy day, the other makes an idle day. The one lifts up, the other drags down. The one is the divine plan, the other is not. Procure a copy of the pamphlet at once, and read. Price, 15 cents. Address G. H. Lyon, Sisteraville, W. Va. OUR PREMIUM BIBLE AND WHAT THEY SAY OF IT. " St. Helena, Cal, " The Bible was received June 11. Many thanks. It is a very fine copy. I prize it highly." "Broughton, Ohio. " Dear Sirs: I received my Bible the 12th in good condition and am well pleased with it. Thank you for the name on it. It seems to me to be the best bargain in Bibles I ever saw." "Rockville, Mo. " I received my Bible all right. Thank you ; and it is a jewel. I am just delighted with it, and now I would so love to have five more. What can you afford to let anyone have them for?" The above commendatory letters refer to the Minion Bible we have been, and are still, offering with the AMERICAN SENTINEL One year, for $3.00, but We WiBh to announce that we are now able to supply a Bible in every respect equal to the Minion Bible with the advantage of a much larger type (Bourgeois), which we can send, post-paid, together with the SENTINEL, one year, for $3.50. Look out for the advertisement of it in this paper soon. " PITCAIRN ISLAND." ONE who has read the book, " The Story of Pitcairn Island," says: " It is a most fascinating narrative and reads more like a romance than stern truth and a recitation of actual occurrences, as it really is." The book is illustrated with twenty six engravings by the half-tone process, and its twenty-three chapters have each a neatly-engraved heading; third edition, bound in cloth, embossed in jet and gold, price, post-paid, $1. Address Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York. Ł-Ł  THE 50th Anniversary Number of the Scientific American, New York, just out, is a really handsome and valuable publication of 72 pages. It reviews the progress of the past 50 years in the various sciences and industrial arts; and the various articles by the best acientifie writers of the day are racily written and richly illustrated. The editors have accomplished the difficult task of presenting a compendium of information that shall be at once historical, tech-nical and popular. The interest never flags for a moment, and the story of the half century's growth is in itself a veritable compendium of valuable sci-entific information for future reference. Price, 10 cents per copy. SAFETY PENCIL POCKET. NEAT, CHEAP, SERVICEABLE. It perfectly secures pen or pencil in the pocket, so that it can not fall out when stooping. Can be easily and safe]; attached to any part of the clothing. A small investment will prevent the loss of a valuable pen or pencil. Palm. Russia leather, for 2 pens 10e. 3 " [Sc. Sealskin, 2 15c. 3  ,c 25c. Russia leather, for 4 " 25c. Sealskin, 4  it 40c. Sent by mail on receipt of price. We guarantee these pockets superior in every particular to sim-ilar styles formerly sold and still offered at much higher prices. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39  BOND_STREET, NEW YORK CITY. WOULD YOU Cure Your Catarrh? If so, apply the medi-cine to the Nasal Cavity with the " Success " Nasal Syringe. The best Syringe on the market for Nasal Catarrh. The regular price of this Syringe is $1. Sent postpaid on receipt of 75c. Address, A. Mullett, 39 Bond St., New York. No. 1. No. 2. No. 3. No. 4. No. 5. No. 6. 