666 AMERICAN SENTINEL. BUT it is evident that no such adaptation exists. Political people recognize this fact. It is not proposed to make any use of the "sword of the Spirit" in accom-plishing the intended purification. And how is it pro-posed that this shall be done? Oh, it is to be done by turning all the "rascals" out of office. And this will be doneŠby the Word of God? Oh, no; but by the ballot. "Above all, taking the ballot, which is the instrument of political righteousness," is an alteration which the "Christian citizenship" theory requires to be made, in the text quoted from St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephesians. But if such an alteration were in harmony with the mind of Oinniscience, the text would have been so worded at the first. * As Christians, we prefer to take simply the "sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God," and fight our bat-tles with that. That is so great and so mighty a weapon that we are not able to carry another weapon without letting that one drop. Moreover, we find plenty of scope for the utmost activity with this weapon alone. It was 'by this that Jesus Christ overcame the devil in his temp-tation in the wilderness; and we believe his example to be the best one for Christians of this day.Ł  The devil has not grown: apathetic, and Christians who are resisting his temptations and assaults will have no chance to be-come so. Indeed, with the Word of God abiding in the heart, apathy is impossible. There will be, on the con-trary, a manifestation of all that Christian zeal and ac-tivity which marks the life of Christ. A SINGULAR hUmiliation haŁs befallen Pope Leo; he has just figured as the losing party in a lawsuit in the Italian courts. The suit was to obtain control of a church that was being built to commemorate the pope's recent jubilee. The work of collecting funds and building the church was in the hands of a French abbe, and on account of alleged'mismanagement by the latter the pope decided to take the business out of his hands and intrust it to a commission, headed by a cardinal. The abbe brought the matter into the courts, where it has been de-cided that Pope Leo must not only surrender the church to the abbe, but must pay the costs of the litigation, which are by no means light. * THE pope, it is understood, will even matters up by placing the Church under interdict and excommunicating the abbe. AT the opening of the public schools for the school year in New York City recently, it was found that the ap-plicants for admission far exceeded the number which the capacity of the schools would accommodate. The papal church authorities saw in this situation an opportunity  for missionary work, and, as usual, they rose to the emergency, with an offer to turn the parochial schools over to be used as public schools, provided an hour each day be devoted to religious instruction. The offer has not yet been accepted. OF course it is very good of the Catholic authorities thus to come to the aid of the metropolis in the matter of providing for the education of its youth,Šfrom a standpoint which does not take into account the evil principle of combining religious with secular instruction in the public schools. To secure the establishment of this principle in the United States, any church which would profit by it as would the papacy, could afford to be quite generous. IT is to be hoped, however, that the city government, bearing in mind the axiom that two wrongs do not make right, will set about remedying the evil by providing such an extension of the public school system as will be ade-quate to the demands that are made upon it. Enjoined from Preaching the Gospel. "Union Signal," September 9. THE latest encroachment of the "blanket injunction" covers the preaching of the gospel! The Rev. Mr. Wiley, of the Methodist Church, is enjoined from holding Sunday services and week-day religious meetings on or near the property of the Worthington Coal and Coke Company in West Virginia. Truly the judges could not emphasize more effectively than they are doing the dangers attend-ing government by injunction, nor aid in a more prac tical manner in securing its abolishment. Sunday Golf in Massachusetts. "New York Journal," October 12. BOSTON, Oct. 11.ŠGolf as a Sunday sport is tabooed at Watertown. For some weeks past the police have re_ ceived complaints from residents that they object to the games being played *on Sunday in the vicinity of their homes. Sunday morning the police proceeded to the fields. Just before noon nine golfers, said to be Harvard students, were placed under arrest. Bail was furnished and the party left for home. It is expected that the case will come up in the Waltham Police Court some day this week. LAST summer, the pope favored Queen Victoria with an autograph letter. Now, we are informed, the queen has returned the compliment, requesting the pontiff to kindly interfere in Irish politics, to secure the "pacifica-tion" of Ireland. 