58 A.mmasCA_N  VOL. 10, No. 8. not with the expectation of preventing its suc-cess, but to save men from the ruin involved in the movement. Noah knew that the wicked movement of his day would succeed in ruining the world; but he opposed that movement, not with the expectation of preventing it, but to save men from that ruin. Jesus Christ knew that the wicked movement of his day would result in his death and the awful destruction of Jerusalem and the Jewish nation, and yet he opposed that wicked movement that he might save men from its terrible conse- quences. Paul knew that the " falling away " from the truth of the gospel, begun in his day, would result in the establish-ment of the " man of sin," the " mystery of iniquity"Šthe papacy; yet he devoted his life to opposing that movement, not be- ' cause he expected to prevent its success, for he knew it would continue until destroyed "with the brightness of His coming," but with the hope of saving men from the soul- destroying deceptions of that movement. So now, the AMERICAN SENTINEL iS opposing the same movement with the same knowledge that it will succeed, and with the same object, the salvation of menŠincluding the editor of the MonitorŠfrom the ruin involved in a con- nection with the movement. Yes, we knew the movement would succeed, and it has succeeded; and the papacy is now making vast use of the advantage which this success has given her. Upon this the Moni-tor further remarks :Š This startling information is all derived from the Bible. " It was by the scripture of Rev. 13:11-17, saying that they would make ' an image to the beast,' that we knew that the National Reform movement would certainly succeed, and we always said so." He does not enlighten us on the name of the " beast " whose image was made, but there is no doubt in our minds but he refers to the Columbian postage stamp. Yes, this information, startling or other-wise, was derived from the Scripture at the place referred toŠRev. 13:11-17. No, the beast referred to, to which the image was made, is not the Columbian postage stamp. It may be that in the article referred to by the Monitor, we were not sufficiently explicit in naming " the beast" to make it perfectly clear to the mind of the editor of that paper. And as we want never to leave anyone in doubt or uncertainty, especially upon this most im-portant point, we shall occupy a little space in the endeavor to make it so plain that even the Monitor may not mistake. And lest the edi-tor should again " have no time to look up the references," we shall do all we can to aid him, by printing here in full and from the Roman Catholic Bible, the scripture in which " the beast" is described. Here it is :Š And I saw a beast coming up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten diadems, and upon his heads names of blasphemy. And the beast, which I saw, was like to a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion. And the dragon gave him his own strength, and great power. And I saw one of his heads as it were slain to death ; and his death's wound was healed. And all the earth was in admira-tion after the beast. And they adored the dragon, which gave power to the beast: and they adored the beast, saying: Who is like to the beast? and who shall be able to fight with him? And there was given to him a mouth speaking great things, and blasphemies: and power was given to him to do two and forty months. And he opened his mouth unto blasphemies against God, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and them that dwell in heaven. And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them. And power was given him over every tribe, and people, and tongue, and nation. And all that dwelt upon the earth, adored him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb, which was slain from the begin-ning of the world. If any man have an ear, let him hear. There is the Lord's own description of "the beast;" and anybody who knows the A B C of the history from the writing of this passage till now, knows full well that the description  exactly fits the papacy, and will not apply to any other thing that was ever on the earth. For from the time when that was written, what power but that of the papacy has there been on the earth that was of such standing that it could be truly said that " all the earth was in admiration " [Greek ethaumasemŠwon-derment] after it? What world-power except the papacy has there ever been from that time till now, of which it was said or could be said in wonder, " Who is like unto the beast? who is able to,  make war with him ?" What power ever existed that spoke such great things and blasphemies as the papacy has spoken over and over ? What power was there in the world that blasphemed God, and his name, and his taber-nacleŠthat is " His church and His saints,"* Šand them that dwell in heaven, as has the papacy, and as the papacy still does? Look at that word that Leo XIII. lately set forth to " the princes and peoples of the universe," claiming to "hold the regency of God on earth;" is not that blasphemous enough, of itself, to fulfill the prophecy and meet this description of the beast? Look also at the claim of infallibility on the part of the Pope of RomeŠthe assumption of the essential pre-rogative of the Creator himself ;Šis not this also enough to meet the description of the beast? What power ever made such war, and so long continued, and so implacable, against the saints, as has the papacy? Rev. 12 :9 says that " the dragon " is " that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan;" and in this description of "the beast" it is said that " the dragon "Š" the Devil and Satan "Šgave him his own strength and great power. Now to what system or organization that was ever on the earth has the devil ever given so much of his own strength and great power as he has given to the papacy? Why to the papacy has he given so much of " his own strength" and great power, that one historian was driven to say of the bishops of Rome that they "have deluged Europe and Asia with blood ;" another declares that "among the contrivances that have been devised for de-ceiving and oppressing mankind, it occupies the highest place;" and these statements are exactly trueŠthey are simply the response of history testifying that the prophecy relating to " the beast," is fulfilled to the letter in the evil working of the papacy in the sight of all the world. So that any person who will study this prophecy and believe it, can say truly and without hesitation that " the name of the beast whose image was made " is the papacy. It will not do to say that this prophecy concerning " the beast" refers to pagan Rome; for pagan Rome and its instrumentality in the hands of Satan against Christ and his Church is noticed in chapter 12: 4, 5. For it was through Herod, a Roman appointee, and the representative of Roman power, that Satan sought to "devour" the "man child" "as soon as it was born." And it was by the orders of Pontius Pilate, the Roman governor, that Christ was put to death, from which death he "was caught up unto God, and to his throne." There is pagan Rome and her place in the ac-count. But after pagan Rome had passed, there came another power which Satan used against the Church, against the saints, and, against God and his Christ. To this other power the dragon "gave his own strength and great power." This is the power described in Rev. 13 :1-8. It was after pagan Rome had been used by Satan. It came as the successor of pagan Rome. And this was and is the papacy * Note in Catholic Bible.  Špapal Rome. And by every consideration it is demonstrated that this is " the name of the beast whose image was made." TRUE AND FALSE THEOCRACY. THEOCRACY is the highest, the most perfect form of government known to man; for it is government by the direction or administration of God himself. Had man never fallen, there never would have been any other kind of gov-ernment; and in the earth redeemed from the curse, God will be King; for it is written : " the tabernacle of God " shall be " with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God." This can mean nothing less than a perfect divine government of willing subjects. Primarily, theocracy means government by the immediate direction or, adminis-tration of God, as in Eden before the fall ; it is also applied to the exercise of political authority by priests representing the Deity. It is not enough to constitute a true theocracy that rulers profess to represent God; it must be even so, as it was in the case of Samuel. But in its highest and most perfect sense a theoc-racy has never existed in this world since the fall; for man in his fallen condition has never yielded true and undivided allegiance to God. And only for brief periods has political author-ity been exercised by men truly representing God. It is declared that "Moses verily was faith-ful in all his house." The Lord was also with Joshua even as he was with Moses; but after the death of Joshua the intervals were indeed brief in which the children of Israel walked in the counsel of the Most High; and with the crowning of Saul the theocracy prOper ended; for one of the essential elements to a true theocracy was lacking, namely, the consent of the governed; for while the Lord designated Saul to be king, he declared to Samuel, "They have rejected me, that I should not reign over them." 1 Sam. 8 : 7. Two things are alsolutely necessary to the existence of a true theocracy: (1) God him-self must be the governor; and (2) the sub-jects of the government must consent to be governed by him, or by those directly chosen and directed by him. God himself having made man a free moral agent,Ša being en-dowed with power of choice,Šrecognizes the great truth that in all things civil, governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. The Creator himself exercised civil power only so long as it was the choice of the people that he should exercise it. When God became the recognized governor of the chil-dren of Israel, it was by their unanimous con-sent. " And all the people answered together, and said, All that the Lord bath spoken we will do." Ex. 19 8 And when God abdicated the throne, so to speak, and gave the govern-ment into the hands of Saul, it was likewise in deference to the practically unanimous demand of the governed, i. e., of the people. But though the children of Israel rejected God as their ruler, " and would none of his counsel," his merciful providence was still over them. They were to be preserved a separate people for a special object, and even their re-bellion could not defeat the purpose of God concerning them. The divine mould was still upon their laws, and a divine providence still protected them from utter extinction as a na-tion. God's promise to David was " that of the fruit of his loins,according to the flesh, he would raise up Christ to sit on his throne" (Acts 2: 30), and it was necessary that the nation should continue until the Promised One should be revealed. Nevertheless when the people 