"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 12, 1899. NUMBER 40. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. .141 Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) THE American dollar was meant to be the product, and not the foundation, of American civilization. .4 .4 THE sacredness of liberty is not affected by changes in latitude or longitude. Like gold it has a fixed value throughout the world. THE spectre of corrupt government in America is not going to be changed into the angel of good govern-ment in Asia by going across the sea. THE man who assumes the right to govern another man takes upon himself the responsibility of that other's conduct before God; but the God who will require every man to stand independently before him at the bar of final judgment, sanctions and demands independence for every man now. THE weapons of Christian warfare are aimed at sin; those of carnal warfare are aimed at the sinner. The whole object of Christian warfare is to save men alive; the whole object of carnal warfare is to kill men. Chris-tian warfare means self-denial; carnal warfare aims always at self-supremacy. How much Christianity then can there be in carnal warfare? ,As The nation demands that no citizen within it shall be an open polygamist; that is its highest standard of  conduct. But God and Christianity demand that no man be a polygamist at heart; and this only is the right standard of conduct. But should the state adopt this standard, it would be necessary to set up the In-quisition in order to extort the secrets of the heart; and even then it could not enforce heart righteousness. "CIVILIZATION" goes to the heathen with the tremen-dous sinking power of drunkenness and other vices, but with no uplifting power to save them from it; for though it may bring to them the knowledge of what is high and noble, the knowledge does not give them power to attain to it. The mere knowledge of good gives no one strength of character; but it requires no strength of character to imitate vice. The heathen, therefore, in their weakness, need not the contact of civilization, but the GOSPEL. And nobody who receives the gospel is found afterward in need of becoming civilized. The Natural Enemy of Free Government. MILITARY government is necessarily despotic gov-ernment, and therefore necessarily contrary to the free government ordained by the first American statesmen for the people of this nation. Under military government, the citizen to whom freedom was ordained as a birthright, is brought again in subjection to the despotism that has been character-istic of Old World empires; he is no longer recognized as the independent possessor of unalienable rights, en-titled to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;" but as a servant subject in all things to the will of his military master. All that makes military government necessary, therefore, or that leads up to it, is the natural enemy of free government, of all men, and of man's Creator. This is made very plain in the following which re- 