AMERICAN SENTINEL. 599 War as the Result of Ignorance. IGNORANCE of the real nature of war is no doubt re-sponsible in a large degree for the war sentiment which at certain periods springs up so readily among civilized and intelligent people. At the close of the Civil War, when both North and South knew by five years of ter-rible experience the truth General Sherman expressed in his pithy remarkŠ" War is hell"Š the war sentiment in this country was at a low ebb. It would have re-quired something more than the sentiment of glory and conquest then to have revived the war spirit in the hearts of the people. Some far stronger reason would have been necessary in their minds than that some coun-try needed to be " benevolently assimilated." They-had seen enough of war, and thought of it only with feel-ings of the strongest aversion. That was more than thirty years ago; and mean-while a new generation has risen and become dominant in the national life. And while in many things educated beyond the attainments of their fathers, they for the most part remain ignorant of that which it cost their fathers so much to learnŠthe knowledge that a resort to arms is the worst possible way to adjust differ-ences between individuals or nations. Along this line of thought the following observations are made by the Christian Register, of this city :Š " It has been pointed out that since the establish-ment of our national independence we have become in-volved in war at intervals of about 30 years; that is to say, about the lifetime of a generation. For a cer-tain period after the close of hostilities, peace is perfectly assured; nothing could then drag the country into war. Gradually, however, the impression of horror and agony and loss fades out of the public mind. Thrilling stories of heroism and adventure remain permanently fixed in the literature of the land, with which children are made familiar in song and story; and thus in a brief term of years the youth of the country have grown to maturity, seeing and knowing almost nothing of the darker side of war. The rank and file of an army is necessarily made up of young men, who, when they enter into their first fight, have scarcely the accurate conception what it will be like. In the narratives told by men who pass through the wars this confession is almost invari-ably made. It is safe to say that no people knowing truly the cost of war and how it looks at close sight, could be dragged into it save as a last and most desper-ate remedy.' " While there is much in military discipline that is worthy of the highest praise, yet fighting itself is the most lamentable business to which men can be reduced. To give it its right name, it is murder by wholesale, and dire necessity is its only excuse. He who goes to war is entitled to all the exhilaration he can get from the 'pomp and circumstance' by which it is accompanied, for down in his heart he knows (or soon discovers) that the work cut out for him is no more pleasant to do than that of the butcher or the hangman." The country has now reached a time when by the  working of the forces which involve a nation in war, ac-cording to the precedent here pointed out, another con-flict is to be expected. What a pity that civilized people should not in time become able to learn the lesson which war teaches, without the necessity of war's fear-ful object lesson before their eyes. THERE is something very strange about the idea of irreponsibility (or "manifest destiny ") leading the nation to new responsibilities. How irresponsibility can fit a man or a nation for responsibility, is some-thing we cannot explain. Whither We are Drifting. FOUR POLL IRS FOR WAR TO ONE FOR CIVIL EXPENSES. Washington Letter to "Buffalo Express." FOR the first two months of the new fiscal year our Government has expended $102,969,090.33, of which $21,066,489.81 has gone for the support of the civil and miscellaneous establishment, and all the rest for military expenses of one kind or another. The army got $34,262,080.06; the navy $9,688,245.40; military pensions, $26,053,674.80, and interest on the war debt, $9,153,845.38,a total on the military side of the ledger of $79,159,845.64 or at the rate of $ t74,959,-073.84 a year for war-like outgoes, while the total cost of the civil establishment was at the annual rate of $126,398,938.86. At the present time not quite eighty per cent. of the expenses of carrying on this peaceful country are on account of wars, past, present and anticipated, but the ratio is nearer to eighty per cent. than to any other round figure. Is there any other country, free or des-potic, which spends a larger proportion of its income on war? I do not know, because I have not had the op-portunity to look up the statistics, but I should be sur-prised, indeed, to find that any country of high civ-ilization, or pretending to high civilization, spends four times as much on war and war-like preparation as on all its civil expenses put together. It is difficult to comprehend that, with hardly a realization of it by the people, we are becoming the most warlike of nations, so far, at least, as outlay on military matters goes. Moreover, the taxes are largely taking .on a new form. They are coming home to men s business and bosoms more closely than heretofore. The indirect taxes of the tariff, which have from the beginning of the republic been the mainstay of the federal govern-ment, are so no longer. For the first two months of the new fiscal year the receipts from the tariff were $37,518,-151.53, while the receipts from the indirect taxes of the internal revenue were $52,559,613.96. 