AMERICAN SENTINEL. 259. ample, is made upon the ground that some barbers want to rest on Sunday, but they cannot unless they lose patronage which those who keep open on Sunday will take from them. Therefore, it is urged that the state must interfere and compel those who do not de-sire to close to do so for the sake of others. Such ap-peals lose sight of the idea of conscience, or the willing-ness on the part of men to suffer loss for the sake of right-doing. The case is pushed still lower because, in most instances, those who want to close desire to do so that they may have leisure for recreation, and not from any religious motive. A man whose conscience toward God and right-doing is what it ought to be, would readily accept the loss of wages, or of a day's business for the sake of right. Children Arrested for Looking at a Game on Sunday. THE working of the Massachusetts Sunday law was seen recently in the arrest of two boys in Somerville only 13 and 14 years of age, who were taken through the streets in an open patrol wagon, followed by a crowd and guarded by an officer, and were both fined for the crime of looking on at a game of marbles played by other boys on Sunday. The boys injured no one, in-fringed upon no one's rights, but were themselves injured by being placed openly before the public as criminals, made to pay a fine, without any just reason whatever. Yet the advocates of Sundaylawsclaimthat they are made in the interests of humanity. That this is not the case is plainly shown in the above incident. When-ever the interests of humanity stands in the way of Sunday observance it does not weigh a feather. Sunday laws are tyrannical; they take away the in-dividual right of judgment in the matter of sacred days, and compel him to observe Sunday as a sacred day regardless of his belief, or interests. The ridiculous character of our Sunday laws was seen in a ruling of the Supreme Court recently, which allows cigars to be sold by a druggist on Sunday because they are a drug, but they are not to be sold at other places. Now as Sunday laws are declared to be made in the interests of humanity, and to preserve the sacred character of the day, the query is, how is humanity served, or the day kept sacred by having cigars bought at a drug store and smoked as a drug, rather than bought at some other place as a commodity, and smoked as a com- modity? GEO. B. WHEELER. So. Lancaster, Mass. THE Sabbath law of God fixes the character of every day in the weekŠsix working days and one Sabbath day; and no change can be made in this order without assuming a wisdom superior to the Creator's. Will Not Mix. "The Argus," Prescott, Iowa. You can not mix religion and politics successfully, and the proposition to bring into the field a "Christian party" is the height of folly. The lowly Nazarine does not ask his people to strive for a kingdom on earth, but admonishes them to keep their eyes on that everlasting kingdom where nothing is corrupt. This question, "What would Jesus do?" is becom-ing sickening the way it is being handled. If a Christian would carry it into his or her daily life individually it is all right, but whenever they attempt to dictate the course of life along this line to the public and try to rule the world with Christianity as they see it there is going to be trouble. Christ wants his religion forced on no one; he wants his followers to bring in the sheaves by showing a loving spirit, and not by bulldozing the people. We defy anybody to show us by his teaching that he desired an earthly kingdom and that he attempted to set up one against the powers that were. Activity for Sunday Laws in Canada. THE "Lord's Day Alliance," the chief organization in Canada for promoting the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance, is vigorously at work in this field of mistaken endeavor, according to the following, which we note in the Canadian Baptist:Š "This organization is taking on more vigorous life since the appointment of Rev. J. G. Shearer as Field Secretary, to devote his whole time to its work. Public meetings have been held in many of the chief centers, and the work of the Alliance is being more thoroughly organized and pushed. Various forms of Sabbath breaking have been discovered. In the border towns, American Sunday newspapers are being circulated on the Lord's day. Refreshment booths are being opened on the Sabbath day along the line of bicycle travel. A large paper mill in Cornwall is being run, and in other places building, repairing, etc., is being done, and photograph galleries are open, on the Lord's day. Most lamentable of all, in certain sections, Sunday ex-cursions are gotten up by certain churches to attend grave decorations, laying of corner stones, opening of new edifices, etc. "The very existence of the Alliance is having a restraining influence upon would-be Sabbath breakers and Sabbath breaking, as it is known that law breaking in reference to this day will lead to legal proceedings. We give the Alliance our hearty sympathy in its ef-forts to preserve a day of rest for our people., While we as Baptists cannot seek Sabbath legislation for the sake of religion as would some, we can aid in securing laws for the protection' of one day of rest on civil and economic grounds. There is no more serious threat to the best interests of our country than in the encroach-ment business and pleasure are making upon the Sab-bath institution. Let us be wide awake to protect it by every legitimate means." 