THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 277 also grant the freedom of its manifestation Ł and exercise in public worship. To con-cede the first, and to deny the.  second, after the manner of despotic gOvernments, is to imprison the conscience. To be just, the State must either support all, or none of the religions of its citizens." J. 0. CORLISS. 4--0 Subtle Dangers. THE following extract, from the Con-gressional Record, is submitted as an evi-dence of the subtle dangers which may be concealed in the most seemingly innocent measure, if it involves any illegitimate or unconstitutional legislation. The extract is from the debate on , the Senate bill for the " more complete endow-ment and support of the colleges for the benefit of agriculture," etc., which passed the House, August 20 :Š Mr. Blount.ŠŁWill the gentleman allow me to say in the reply to the last suggestion, as to the constitutionality of this question, is not that a thing of the past ? And I would also ask if there is anything in this bill providing for this system except what has already been anticipated, and is existing law to-day ? Mr. McComas.ŠThat is the whole of it. Mr. Blount.ŠFor instance, you have got your colleges based on the land scrip of 1862, and you have your experimental stations based on the act of 1887, and as I understand it, the effect of this bill is simply to increase the amount appropriated, from $15,000 to $25,000. Mr. McComas.ŠThat is the whole scope of this bill. Mr. Blount.ŠTherefore we are not confronted here with the question as to whether we are adopt-ing this or that system, but we have it now, and this is just to extend its operations. Mr. McComas.ŠAnd that is all. It is to appro-priate more to secure some more schools in the new States. Mr. Blount.ŠBut the principle is already in the law. Mr. McComas.ŠAnd not only the principle but the practice, the practice of all the States in the Union, And this simply increases the amount, and adds to the number of schools of like character. This same method of reasoning was used in the Senate and House, during the debate on Ł the appropriations for the maintenance of religious schools among the Indians; it was used in the discussion of the Breckinridge local Sunday bill, for the District of Columbia, before the House Committee on the District of Columbia; and also at the hearing in the last Con-gress upon the Blair Sunday-rest bill, before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor. It does not require a very extended observation of the course which legisla-tion is taking in this country, and of the opinions expressed in legislative halls, to see how it is possible within a few years that laws of a strictly paternal or ultra-religious character may come to their pas-sage, and all protest be totally ineffectual, because the " principle is already in the law "Š" and not only the principle but the practice." Some Pointed Observations. IN commenting editorially upon a recent Sunday-law sermon, delivered by one of the pastors of Oakland, California, The Dial of that city, says :Š The Doctor assumes that all persons out-side of prisons are not at liberty to work or not to work on Sunday, as they please, in communities and States where there are no Sunday laws. He also intrudes an ingeniously sentimental appeal as between the rights of the workingman and the millionaire, as respects resting on Sunday Šan appeal ad miserecordiam, as the logicians call itŠto the lachrymal glands, as it were. As a matter of fact, under the present State laws, or the defect of them, on the Sunday question, million-aires sometimes work on Sunday. So, also, many poor men choose occupations in which they work on that day and re-ceive the extra wage for that additional day's work. If they do not so choose, no law obliges them to do so, no more than any law can compel seven days' wages for six days' work in favor of any poor man. But we think we can answer the good Doctor's pathetic interrogation more spe-cifically. We think we understand some-thing of the spirit of the laws of this State. " When " he asks, " will California enact suitable Sabbath laws, etc. ? " We believe it will be when the intelligence of Cali-fornia ceases to regard " Sabbath laws " to be in violation of the civil liberties of the citizenŠwhen it ceases to regard " Sab- - bath laws " to be in violation of conscience Šwhen it ceases to regard the demand for " Sabbath laws " to be inspired by the religious zeal of one portion of the com-munity, for the purpose of enforcing its peculiar observances on the other. It will be when California, instead of repre-senting, as she does to-day, in the spirit of her laws, the advanced principles of American civil liberty, retrogrades to mediaeval methods for the persecution of opinion and the support of a semi-theocracy ? Our reverend townsman, like so many of his brothers of the cloth, talks feelingly of the " emancipation " of the working-man, but he gives himself entirely away in his appeal for "Sabbath " and " Chris-tian" legislation. These pious gentlemen do not take the trouble to analyze their motives too keenly, flatter themselves that they mean well, but, as a matter of fact, they mean religious persecution, and they do not mean a great deal else. They sim-ply want to force their neighbors to con-form to the " Christian Sabbath," whether they religiously respect it or not. There are multitudes of good citizens, without highly colored religious convictions, who have quite as muQh regard for the rest and welfare of the " poor workingman " as these professional representatives of good will to men, and who have a great  deal more regard for the principles of American liberty that protect saint and sinner alike. They have more of Chris-tian charity, even; for they would de-fend with their lives the religious liber-ties, even, of their would-be persecutors Šincluding those of the " Christian Sab-bath "Šand this they would do because they are Americans. Professional religionists, like our rev-erend fellow-townsman, appear in these days to be afflicted with an increasing for-getfulness that they are living under a civil government, instead of a theocracy, and that there are in this country other classes of citizens whose rights of opinion and observance are quite as sacred as their own. . . . They forget that there are even large re-ligious bodies among their fellow-citizens, with convictions as sincere as their own, like the Jews and the Adventists, for whom the enactment of " suitable Sabbath laws " would be downright persecution ; as such laws have already proved them-selves to be in several of the " sisterhood of States "Šin that precious land of re-ligious liberty, Tennessee, for example ! These orthodox gentlemen, not content to enjoy the freedom and privilege of Sunday worship for themselves, would have the first day of the week changed in color for their fellowmen, by the powerful analine of religious conviction. Conscious of their own growing weakness to accomplish this, they resort to the mediaeval method of calling on the civil laws to help them out. A SAN FRANCISCO paper remarks that " the advocates of Sunday laws should `brace up'.and know something. Mrs. J. C. Bateham, who flourishes the sesquip-edalian title of ' National Superintendent of the Sabbath Observance Department of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union,' said in a lecture here, last Sunday evening, that the Sunday newspaper was a Sabbath desecration in that it compelled editors, reporters, and printers to work on Sunday. Mrs. Bateham ought to in-form herself that the work done by these Sunday workers is for the Monday morn-ing edition, which a strictly enforced Sun-day law would make impossible, as it likewise would the reporting of her lec-ture and the sermons of the clergy." Nobody that knows anything about newspaper work, supposes that the objec-tion to Sunday papers is because of the Sunday work done upon them. That plea is simply chaff used to decoy unwary sparrows. The real objection to Sunday papers is that they are read on Sunday, and that the reading of them is supposed to keep people away from church. DRAGGING the churches into politics is apt to hurt religion more than it helps government. 