JANUARY 2, 1896. _A. INIEIOIELIC.A_N- '7 majesty's government, but they should also remember that before God they will be held accountable for any obstacle they may lay in the way of any being who is a free moral agent in his worship of God. They should remember that it is impossible that any man can delegate to any other man the right to say whether he shall wok ,hip God or not. Neither is it within the power of any indivividual to say how another individual shall worship God. Absolute religious liberty alone, and positive silence on the matter of religious laws, is the only way by which a government can place it beyond the power of any fanatic to inflict per-secution upon his fellow-beings. THE OFFICER COMPLETED THE AWFUL CRIME. [New York World, Dec. 16.] A FARMER named Schwab, living in Bronx-dale, bought a fine mulch cow in the East forty-sixth Street stockyards Saturday af ter-moat:Š  'Schwab wanted his cow before Mon-day, and at 6 A. M. yesterday Solomon Beck, a young man living at 107 East Fifty-second Street, was sent to deliver her. The animal was made comfortable in the box of a big express wagon, and Beck started for Bronx-dale. He drove through four police precincts passing dozens of policemen unmolested and had arrived within a half mile of Schwab's barn when Patrolman Dermody, of the Tre-mont station, stopped him. " Don't you know you are breaking the law ?" he asked. "No," answered Beck. " Where are you taking that cow ?" asked the officer. " Over to Schwab's farm," responded the driver, smiling at what he supposed the policeman meant to be a joke. " Don't laugh," said Dermody, " I'm in dead earnest. By delivering that cow on Sunday, you are breaking the Sunday law and I'll have to lock you up." With that he jumped in beside Beck and ordered him to drive to the station house. The sergeant received the complaint, and Beck was locked up. " What shall we do with the cow ?" asked Dermody. " You'd better go over and deliver it your-self," said the sergeant, and an hour later the bluecoat arrived at Schwab's farm with the cow. Ł 11. Ł " THE BREATH OF THE PURITAN." [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] IN this Sunday agitation we have often heard our Puritan ancestors praised for the position they took on Sundayism. An emi-nent divine, inspired by his feelings of antag-onism to Sunday activity, sometime ago ut-tered the meaningful words, " Oh, for the breath of the Puritan." These words have peculiar force in this connection, for in no thing were the early settlers more peculiar than in their radical ideas on Sundayism. That utterance, therefore, prompted the writer to collect the following " breaths of Puritan law," prefacing them with a similar "breath" from Virginia:Š A VIRGINIA "BREATH."  PENALTY OF DEATH FOR NON-ATTENDANCE AT CHURCH ON SUNDAY.1  Every man and woman shall repair in the morning to the divine service and sermons preached upon the sabbath day, and in the afternoon to divine service, and catechising, upon pain for the first fault to lose their provision, and the allowance for the whole week following;'for the second, to lose the said allow-ance and also be whipt; and for the third, to suffer death.' Whoever shall absent himself from divine service any Sunday, without an allowable excuse, shall forfeit a pound of tobacco; and he that absenteth himself a month shall forfeit 50 lbs. of tobacco.4  SOME " BREATHS " FROM MASSACHUSETTS. Further bee it enacted that whosoever shall pro-phane the Lords day by doeing any servill worke or any such like abusses, shall forfeit for every such de-fault tenn shillings or be whipt.' PRESUMPTUOUS SUNDAY DESECRATION TO BE PUNISHED BY DEATH.6  9. This court taking notice of great abuse, and many misdemeanours, committed by divers persons in these many wayes, Profaning the Sabbath or Lord's day, to the great dishonor of God, Reproach of Reli-gion, and Grief of the spirits of God's People, Do therefore Order, That whosoever shall profane the Lord's-day, by doing unnecessary servile Work, by unnecessary travailing, or by sports or recreations, he or they that so transgress, shall forfeit for every such default forty shillings, or be publickly whipt; But if it clearly appear that the sin was proudly, Pre-sumptuously and with a high hand committed, against the known Command and Authority of the blessed God, such a person therein despising and reproaching the Lord, shall be put to death or grievously punished at the Judgment of the Court. 10. And whosoever shall frequently neglect the public Worship of God on The Lords day, that is ap-proved by this Government, shall forfeit for every such default convicted of, ten shillings, especially where it appears to arise from negligence, Idleness, or Prophaness of Spirit. PENALTY FOR TRAVELING ON THE LORD'S DAY. To prevent prophanation of the Lords day by for-eigners or any other unnecessary travelling through our Townes on that day; It is enacted by the Court that a fitt man in each town be chosen unto whom whosoever hath necessity for travelling on the Lords day in case of danger or death or such necessitous oc-casions shall repaire and makeing out such occations satisfying to him shall receive a Tickett from him to pas on about such like occations which if the traveller attend not unto; It shall be lawful for the Constable or any man that meets him to take him up and stop him untill hee be brought before authoritie or pay his fine for such transgression as by law in that ease is provided : and that if it after shall appear that his plea was falce then may hee be apprehended att another time and made to pay his fine as afore-said.' 1  "Articles, Laws, and Orders, Divine, Politique, and Martial, for the Colony in Virginia; first established by Sir Thomas Gates Knight, Lieutenant-General, the 24th of May, 1610. Again exemplified and enlarged by Sir Thomas Dale, Knight, Marshall, and Deputie Governour, the 22d of June, 1611." Reprinted at Hartford in 1876. 2  This was at the time the Virginia plantation held all things in common; and if the sabbath was not observed ac-cording to the requirements of the government, all supplies were cut off. "The first settlers [of Virginia] were emigrants from England, of the English Church, just at a point of time when it was flushed with complete victory over the religions of all other persuasions. Possessed, as they became. of the powers of making, administering, and executing the laws, they showed equal intolerance in this country with their Presby-terian brethren who had emigrated to the Northern govern-ment. . . . Several acts of the Virginia Assembly, of 1659, 1662, and 1693, had made it penal in parents to refuse to have their children baptized; had prohibited the " unlawful " as-sembling of Quakers; had made it penal for any master of a vessel to bring a Quaker into the State; had ordered those already there, and such as should come thereafter, to be im-prisoned till they should abjure the country,Šprovided a milder penalty for the first and second return, but death for their third. If no capital executions took place here, as did in New England, it was not owing to the moderation of the church, or spirit of the legislature, as may be inferred from the law itself; but to historical circumstances which have not been handed down to us."ŠJeiferson's "Notes on Virginia " ( 1761) , p. 167. 4  Hening's " Statutes at Large," Vol. I. p. 123. "The Compact, Charter, and Laws of the Colony of New Plymouth." Boston, 1836. 6  "The Book of the General Laws of the Inhabitants of the Jurisdiction of New Plymouth, collected out of the records of the General Court; and lately revised, and with some emen-dations and additions, established and disposed into such order as they may readily conduce to general use and bene-fit, and published by authority of the General Court for that jurisdiction, held at Plymouth, the sixth of June, annodom. 1671. Cambridge: 1672 " From chap. III., "Criminals," secs. 9, 10; reprinted at Boston, 1836. " The tithingman also watched to see that no young people walked abroad on the eve of the sabbath,' that is, on a Saturday night (after sundown). He also marked and re-ported all those ' who lye at home,' and others who pro-phanely behaved,' lingered without dores at meeting time on the Lordes Dale,' all the sons of Belial strutting about, setting on fences, and otherwise desecrating the day.' These last two classes of offenders were first admonished by the Whosoever shall profane the Lord's day, or any part of it, either by sinful servile work, or by unlawful sport, recreation or otherwise, whether wilfully or in a careless neglect, shall be duly punished by fine, im-prisonment, or corporally, according to the nature, and measure of the sinn, and offence. But if the court upon examination, by clear, arid satisfying evi-dence find that the sin was proudly, presumptuously, and with a high hand committed against the known command and authority of the blessed God, such a person therein despising and reproaching the Lord shall be put to death, that all others may feare and shun such provoking rebellious courses.8  tithingman, then `sett in stocks,' and then cited before the Court. They were also confined in the cage on the meeting-house green, with the Lord's Day Sleepers. The tithingman could arrest any who walked or rode too fast a pace to and from meeting, and he could arrest any who walked or rode unnecessarily on the sabbath.' Great and small alike were under his control, as this notice from the Columbian Centinel of December, 1789, abundantly proven. It is entitled The President and the Tithing man:' " ' The President (George Washington), on his return to New York from his late tour through Connecticut, having missed his way on Saturday, was obliged to ride a few miles on Sunday morning in order to gain the town at which he had proposed to have attended divine service. Before he arrived, however, he was met by a tithing man, who commanding him to stop, demanded the occasion of his riding; and it was not until the Pres,dent had informed him of every circumstance and promised to go no further than the town intended that the tithing man would permit him to proceed on his jour-ney.' " Earle's "Sabbath in Puritan New England," pp. 74, 75. 8  "Nevv-Haven's Settling in New England. And some laves for Government; Published for the use of that Colony. Though some of the orders intended for present convenience may probably be hereafter altered, and as need requireth other Lawes added. London 1656." Reprinted at Hartford, 1876. The laws of the adjoining colonies were copied from the laws of Massachusetts, which accounts for their likeness here. although I have transcribed the Plymouth laws from a book of a later date. The story of PITCAIRN ISLAND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG A Native Daughter. Pitcairn Island, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most, if not all, of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary or incorrect and misleading. It will be interesting to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born Miss Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book is a plain. unvar-nished tale of Pitcairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a continual peru-sal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. Price, 81.00  PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS! SWEEPING EVERYTHING CLEAN BEFORE IT. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY! Burnett June., Wis., Oct. 23, 1895. MESSRS. COON BRos.: I find the Cyclone Washer to be indeed a practical washer; it works on scientific principles, works easy, and hence does away with much hard work. In fact, it makes wash day the easiest day in the whole week. I take much pleasure in recommending it. MRS. A. H. CADY. Charlevoix, Mich., April 15, '95. MESSRS. COON BROS.: Gentlemen: The Cyclone Washer which I ordered of you is giving perfect satisfaction. It surpasses all other machines in time, wear of the garments, and work. I' think it is the greatest labor-saving machine, and think it will do all you claim for it. There is no need of my going into details in regard to the excellent points of your machine. I would not part with it for double the amount I gave for it. I think that every lady should have the Cyclone Washer. Very truly yours, Mrs. Chas. Lamoreaux. Bellevue, Mich. MESSRS. COON BROS.: I am well pleased with the Cyclone Washer I bought of you, and the more I use it, the better I like it. It is beyond comparison. R. T. STURBINO. SPECIAL BARGAIN. WE have for sale one set of Encyclopedic Diction-ary, consisting of 4 volumes, 8%x111/inches in size, aggregating 5325 pages, with 3000 illustrations, nicely bound in cloth, marbled edges, the very lowest price of which is $16, and we are informed it will soon be advanced to $42, and it is said to be cheap at that. We offer this set, packed in a box and on board the cars, for $12. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO.. 48 Bond Street, New York, THE 