276 AMERICAN SENTINEL. for the purpbWof compelling the people to go to church;  it will be a dismal failure." That this is the purpose of all such' moves is evident from the fact that they seek to prohibit every other forth of occtipation on Sunday except going to church. A person must something, if he is not sick or asleep ; and if he can neither work nor engage in spOrt or recreation, he will be almost driven to go to church. However, as a means of Łmaking people any better morally, mentally, or physically, the move will be a "dismal failure" beyond a doubt. THE Truth Seeker (atheist organ), of April 24, says :Š "When we observe the political activity of ministers, when we note that they are turning their pulpits into rostrums for the advocacy of temporal reforms, when we hear them appealing from the gospel to the statute book, and from Christ to Csar, we are justified in concluding that they are losing faith in the efficacy of religion as a power for reforming mankind." Do the ministers and churches which are "appealing from the gospel to the statute book, and from Christ to Caesar," realize that by this they are putting an argu-mentŠand a very effective oneŠinto the mouths of non-believers to be used against Christianity? Whether they realize it or not, that is what they are doing; and they will have an account to render for it at the bar of God. S 4 4 That West Point Controversy:  SpcnwrAnx of War Alger has made the following statement of the policy that has been decided on by the War Department with reference to the erection of church buildings on the inilitary reservation, at West Point: "Much has been said about the building of a Catholic chapel on the grounds of the United States Military Academy at West.Point. This was a, privilege accorded these people by my predecessor, who said that similar privileges would be accorded 'to others. You can state that any other denomination desiring to build a chapel on thee-grounds upon the same conditions will be given an equally advantageous site for the building. No fav-oritism will be shown to any denomination, and others will be accorded a site equally as good as that of the Catholic chapel.' ThisŁdecision seems to be a fair one, and will certainly be pointed to as such by the Roman Catholics. But its practical effect is to put the latter in full possession of the field of battle; and this, not on account of what the Catholics have done, but of what Protestants have done themselves. A brief statement of facts will enable the reader to appreciate the situation. As noticed recently in these columns, the New York Conference of the M. E. Church, at its session in Sing Sing, last April, passed a resolution protesting against the permission granted the Roman Catholics to erect a chaPel at, West Point, declaring that such permission  was "contrary to the well-establiShed principles of our Government "; and in connection with the same they were reminded by one of their number, Rev. J. P. Her-mance, that the like privilege had king been sought in vain by the Methodist Chureh, and 'that the Catholics were only`folldWing Methodist example. Following this, the late Presbyterian Ministers Cdn-ference in Philadelphia passed this resolution:Š " WHEREAS, This permission [to erect a chapel] had been extended to the Roman Catholic church; and, whereas, it was plainly in contravention of the Constitu-tion of the United States to have so closely allied the Church and the State; Resolved, That the present Secretary of War, General Russell A. Alger, be requested forthwith to rescind such permission and prevent the erection of the church." And now comes the decision of Secretary Alger, that all denominations are to be treated alike, by giving to each the privilege of erecting a church on the reservation any time that it desires to do so. As stated, this seems a fair method of settling the controversy, and is such, from the standpoint occupied by some of the parties in it. But the Methodist and Presbyterian churches have just protested against the thing which the Secretary of War has decided to allow, declaring it to be an alliance of "the Church and the State," and " contrary to the well-established principles of our Government "; how then can they avail themselves of 'the generous permission which the Government has granted, in the matter? And how can any other Prot-estant church, in the face of such action by two of the leading Protestant bodies of the land, take advantage of the same permission? It is a clear and decisive victory for Rome. And it comes from a "bad example" set by Protestants,Šthat is, from an espousal by the latter of Roman Catholic principles and methods. And this is only a sample of what is going on all over the land, in the shape of efforts on the part of " Protes-tants " to persuade or compel the Civil powers to grant them favors. Most noticably is this true in the matter of legislation for the observance of:Sill:0v. 'And it is all working to the same result that 'followed in the West Point fiascoŠa clear victory for Rome. In tbe nature of things, no other result is possible. No one understands all this better than Romeherself; and she may be relied on to take full and speedy advan-tage of the situation. . 4 -4 The Gods of the Nations. IF war were not in itself so wicked, and the cause of world-wide suffering and bloodshed and moral degrada, tion, the spectacle presented by armed Christendom would indeed be ludicrous. The old pagan contestants had each their special national gods, who were expected' to help them. But modern "Christian" powers nominally look 