JANUARY 16, 1896. AmTRIntcArki- new pretense attempt to foist upon the people the same old dogma of union of some religious institution with the power of the State. Chicago, January 2. OUR DECLARATION OF RIGHTS. [By Addison. Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] IN the course of English political develop-ment, as in the course of all political develop-ment, a thousand times there have arisen disputes between the ruler and the ruled as to the measure of governmental authority. At first, of course, the question arises merely as to particular acts; but as it is seen that each time aggression assumes a new form, the experience results in laying down general declarations of what the law limiting govern-mental power is. At first, these declarations are fragmentary and disconnected. But, as struggle after struggle goes on, as revolution after revolution takes place, as declaration . after declaration is made, these great declara-tory documents begin to assume completeness and largely cover the field on which gov-ernmental force most commonly trespasses. Thus the law limiting,ŠI was going to say,Šbut more properly declaring the limit of the proper, sphere of action of government, de-velops and takes the form on its abstract side in declarations of rights, and in its more concrete form in those institutions which hold the official within well understood limits in the part he takes in wielding the force at the command of the State. In its unwritten form the law is known as the common law, and in its written forms as Bills of Rights and Charters in England, and as Constitutions and Declarations of Rights in America. The most notable docu-ments embodying this formerly unwritten law, are the Magna Charter of King John, the Petition of Rights of Charles I, the Bill of Rights and Act of Settlement of the Rev-olution of 1688, the Declaration of Inde-pendence of 1770, and the Federal Constitu-tion of 1789. "The common law of England," says Chan-cellor Kent, " so far as it was applicable to our circumstances, was brought over by our ancestors upon their emigration to this coun-try. The Revolution did not involve in it any abolition of the common law. It was rather calculated to strengthen and invigorate all the first principles of that law, suitable to our state of society and jurisprudence. It has been adopted, or declared in force, by the constitutions of some of the States, and by statute in others. And where it has not been so explicitly adopted, it is nevertheless to be considered as the law of the land, subject to the modifications which have been sug-gested, and to express legislative repeal."* "They insisted," says the Chancellor, speak-ing of the early New England settlers, "that they brought with them into -this country the privileges of English freemen, and they de-fined and declared those privileges with a caution, sagacity and precision that have not been surpassed by their decendants. Those rights were afterwards, in the year 1692, on the receipt of their new charter, reasserted and declared." Several of the expressions in our Constitu-tions can be traced back to Magna Charter; and some to a half millenium earlier to the very earliest collections of English law, which would seem to indicate that they existed * Commentaries on American Law, II. 28. long before weŁ had any transcript of the law at all. In America, the first declaration of rights made by the colonies Collectively was by the congress of delegates which met in New York in 1765. But a more complete and formal declaration was made by the first Continental Congress in 1774, which declared "that their ancestors, who first settled the colonies, were, at the time of their emigration from the mother-country, entitled to all the rights, liberties, and immunities of free and natural born subjects; and by such emigration they by no means forfeited, surrendered, or lost any of those rights; . . . that the respective colonies were entitled to the common law of England," and so on. "The rules of the common law which con-fine the discretion of Parliament within the ancient landmarks," says Judge Cooley in "Constitutional Limitations," "are rules for the construction of the powers of the Ameri-can legislatures; and however proper and prudent it may be expressly to prohibit those things which are not understood to be within the proper attributes of legislative power, such prohibition can never be regarded as essential, when the extent of the power ap-portioned to the legislative power is found, upon examination, not to be broad enough to cover the obnoxious authority. The ab-sence of such prohibition cannot, by impli-cation, confer power." "Nor when fundamental rights are declared by the Constitution, is it necessary at the same time to prohibit the legislature, in ex-press terms, from taking them away. The declaration is in itself a prohibition, and is inserted in the Constitution for the express purpose of operating as a restriction upon legislative powers." Legal rights, therefore, antedate any and all "declarations" of such rights. The term itself shows them to be prior, and that the "declaration" is merely nominal and not creative. The numeration, in formal shape, is merely for emphasis to make doubly sure of their enforcement, and to render a denial of such fundamental rights as difficult as pos-sible. PROTESTS AGAINST RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION BY CONGRESS. As announced in our last issue, there is now before Congress a bill for a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. This effort to commit Congress to a course of religious leg-islation has not escaped the notice of all lovers of liberty in this country, and protests and petitions against it are being received from various quarters by those having the bill in charge. The Religious Liberty Association of the District of Columbia have entered pro-test against the passing of the measure, as follows :Š To the Honorable the Commissioners of the District of Columbia, and the Committees on the Dis-trict of Columbia of the Congress of the United States. Gentlemen: We enclose preamble and resolutions passed at a meeting of the International Religious Liberty Association of the District of Columbia in op-position to House Bill 167, introduced by Mr. Morse, of Mass., which is a bill for a Sunday law for the Dis-trict of Columbia. There are a number of reasons which might be given why the Commissioners of the District and the Con-gress of the United States should have nothing to do with any such proposals; but there is one considera-tion which so far overshadows all others in its import-ance as to render unnecessary, indeed, the presenta- tion of any other in the same connection. We there-fore confine ourselves to this one, and that isŠ The bill, in its terms and in its intent, is distinctly religious, and being such it is entirely beyond the ju-risdiction of Congress by the First Amendment to the Constitution which explicity declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of reli gion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." I. In its terms the bill is distinctly religious, be-cause in the first clause and in the seventh line it pro-vides that those who are exempted from the operation of the law shall religiously observe Saturday instead of Sunday, thus making the government the judge of the character of the observance of the seventh day of the week by those who profess to believe in the ob-servance of that day. 2. In its intent the bill is religious, because not one of the promoters of the bill would say for a moment that the acts prohibited in this bill were wrong in themselves, or at any other time than on the Sunday ; and they are held to be wrong on that day only be-cause of the character of the day, and not at all be-cause of the thing done. In other words, it is the character of the day itself, and not the character of the thing done on the day, which determines the criminality of the action in this bill and all similar legislation. This demonstrates that it is the religious character of the day, and that only, which is held in view in the bill. By these facts it is demonstrated that the bill, both in its terms and its intent, is distinctly religious. Further than this, the effect of its passage by Congress would inevitably be to involve the National Legislature in the decision of a religious controversy, for the reason that the bill forbids the doing of certain acts on " the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day." Assuredly your honorable body is not unaware of the fact that there is now rife throughout both the District of Columbia and the nation no inconsiderable controversy over this very question as to which clay is the Sabbath. And it is well known by many that the chiefest object of this bill is to get Congress com-mitted to the support of that party which insists that Sunday is the Sabbath. Is it the province of your honorable body or of Congress to decide this question ? Yet more than this, if Congress should assume this prerogative and pass the bill declaring Sunday to be the Sabbath, would the question be de-cided ? Would an act of Congress convince the Jew or the Christian Sabbatarian that he was wrong in his reading of the Scriptures, and in his consequent ob-servance of the day which is the Sabbath ? The bill, being religious in its terms, in its intent, and in its inevitable effects, it follows conclusively that Congress is positively forbidden by the First Amendment to have anything at all to do with it. For, that such is the intent of the First Amendment is evident from the following consideration. Amid the discussions and the interesting and important events that immediately preceded, and in fact led up to, the making of the Constitution as it is as respects religion, this whole question was widely discussed. And James Madison, upon a subject identical with this in principle, published these weighty words which we have adopted as our own:Š " We hold it for a fundamental and undeniable truth, that religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be di-rected only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence. The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. . . . " If religion be exempt from the authority of society at large, still less can it be subject to that of the legislative body. Either, then, we must say that the will of the legislature is the only measure of their authority, and that in the plenitude of that au-thority they may sweep away all our fundamental rights, or they are bound to leave this particular right untouched and sacred. Either we must say that they may control the freedom of the press; may abolish the trial by jury; may swallow up the executive and ju-diciary powers of the StateŠnay, that they may de-spoil us of our very right of suffrage, and erect them-selves into an independent and hereditary assembly, * * * 