TFIE Š.A.1VI:ERICAN SENTINEL. 383 Š , thattthere is danger aliead,'And that among a certain:  portion, of ,the conamunity, (and that no, sMiall-.-1.:ene).-  SentiMents..  are abroad which are* theroughlY . Variance-  with the intentions of the' founders of the Gov- erninent; 'the :teachings of true religious liberty ; these teaohings are the complete separation of Church and State, full freedom of every individual to worship and to. think as he will. . . These ideals .held in the closing decades of the -last *Wry ; they have held during thiecentury, but now there-  appears to be a retrogression; are seemingly going back to these darker days when one relig-ion was recegniZed by the State to the ex-cluSion of others. . . . Listen to this sentence 'from a section of onebf theSe bills : " Each State in the Un-ionshall establish and maintain a system of free public schools adequate for the ed- ucation' of alt the children-, living therein, between the ages and' sixteen years, inelusiVe, in the branches of learning an virtue -and morality, and in a knowledge --of the fundamental and non-sectarian principles* Christianity." The fundamental and non-sectarian prin-Ciples of ChriStianity! -What are - they ? These principles' in which all Christians believe; at few of such principles are the divinity of Jesus, original sin, justification by-'faitir, etc. ; see you not the insidious attempt to force Christianity upon the State, and have it acknowledged as the national religion, no matter though there are; hundreds of thousands who do not 'be-lieve in the fundamental and non-sectarian Ł principles-, of Christianity; let not that term" non-sectarian " mislead ; it is not ap-plied in a general sense, the non-sectarian principleS of 'religion, but the non-secta-rian principles of Christianity. . . . A Government, one of whose foundation stories is this principle of the absolute sep-aration Of Church and State, may not for a moment entertain any such resolution, but it is sad to. think that we have retro-graded ,so far; that religious,  narrowness hive found its way even into the halls of Government. What individuals do with-out in the different walks'of life is their own concern, but when a man is elected to the Legislature of the country he becomes'rep-reae-ntative not only of the people who coincide with his priVate religious views, but of: the people at large; , and the moment he.-aesunies these large duties; these small individualities must be laid aside, or else heds, not the man for the place. Another foundation-stone of the Gov-ernment ,is individual liberty of action, as long as. it does not interfere with the like liberty of others. This, the so-called Sun-day laws tend to subVert. The Government may not officially 'recognike-  any one day upon. which it prohibitszfreedom of action. These bite are obnoxious but net because they .designate Sunday as the day to be'liarticulatif Observed. They would be just as obnoxious if they would  name the Saturday or any other day. The State may not interfere with the freedom of the individual conscience ; once begun who can tell where it will end; the encroach-ments will grow more and more until in all probability we will get back to the old Blue Laws, which prohibited any man to walk in the field on Sunday, or to smile or listen to any music except the dreary hymns, which the gloomier they were the more religious they were supposed to be. The State has its proper work, the Church has its own sphere. " The civil power ought to be not only neutral and impartial as between different forms of faith, but ought to leave these matters entirely on one side, regarding them no more than it regards the artistic or literary pursuits of the citizens." Such has been the policy of the Govern-ment; it is a late day now to begin to sub-vert it; but I believe it may truly be said that the majority of the men and women of the land protest against even the least encroachment of the State upon the relig-ious sphere or the smallest interference with the inalienable rights of the individ-ual conscience and thought, and if they do not so protest it only shows that the narrow-mindedness of days that we had thought long past still exists to-day. Sen-ator Blair, for example, is not a represent-ative of the people, but of a class of men, who, though living, in the last years of the nineteenth century, belong to the spirit of the seventeenth. They must still learn, all men and women of this kind, that sectarianism is not religion, that the bond of mankind is broader than the bond of the Church, that no single body of men. has any rights, as such, over any other, and that the God of mankind is much more loving than the God they profess, who is at best only the God of a sect, all others except those who believe and think with them being placed out of the pale of his regard. This sectarianism represents th3 spirit that breathes in every law or resolution which is brought forward in the interest of any religion in the councils of the State; this is the spirit that dom-inates some of our so-called statesmen at this late day. I would like you to contr:.,st with these expressions the words of him whom Amer-cans honor above all menŠof Washington. With a century of experience back of them the Sunday agitators and Church-in-the-State advocates see not as clearly as did the American fathers with no further ex-perience than their own good, common sense and their mighty intentions of the right, what are the natural rights of man, what religious liberty means. Washing-ton was what is called a good church member, being a vestryman of the Epis-copal Church ; but this did not blind him to the fact that there might likewise be truth in other systems, nor did it prevent him from perceiving the necessity of keep-ing religion out of the State, nor of accord- ing full liberty of thought, worship and action to all. All this is the more wonderful when we remember that these raen had all been British subjects, and in no country in Enrope was there closer connections be-tween Church and State than in England; also in the Colonies in this country had there been an established Church, which was recognized by the laws of the State, all the more glory and honor to them that they should see beyond the ideas in which they grew up, as it were, and free them-selves from the conceptions that were so prevalent around about them. It was a wonderful age and they were wonderful men. What clearer statement has ever been made of the religious rights of man than the following words of Washington : " Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be pro-tected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." Let the latter-day apostles, who are now living, hear and take instruction from such sen-timents. No word here about the funda-mental and non - sectarian principles of Christianity to be taught to the children in the public schools, but each man should be protected in worshiping God accord-ing to the dictates of his own conscience, and not according to the rules and laws set and prescribed by men. . . . Religious liberty is the brightest jewel in the crown of American institutions; it has placed the man above the sectarian ; it has placed manhood upon the highest pin-nacle. God Eternal has created men of many minds; in nothing do these minds differ as much as in religious thought; each one unto himself, than, in this. Jew and Christian, agnostic and infidel, will find perfect peace and live in perfect har-mony only so long as private convictions are not interfered with, only so long as the State will attend to its own, the Church to its own, as was the thought of the great Americans whose names we honor and whose thoughts, which are also our thoughts upon the subject in hand, may be gathered into the few terse words : " Re-ligion must always be kept separate from civil government." THE pretension is always sot up in be-nalf of arbitrary government that the ruler can do better for the people tiara they can do for themselves. This idea of paternalism in government was discarded by our fathers when they ordained for themselves and their posterity that they would be a self-reliant, self-supporting,,  self-governing people. Under our theory of government the people are no more,  dependent on their rulers and law-givers,  for their support in their industrial pur-suits than they are for food and clothing, or for their consciences and their religious, creedsŠSenator Morgan. 