490 AMERICAN SENTINEL. garded with some apprehension by the ecclesiastical au-thorities may be evidenced from the fact that the chief Rabbi recently devoted the whole of his sermon at a London synagogue to strenuously opposing the innova-tion, which he feared might lead, as it had done in some cases in America and Germany, to the substitution of Sunday for the Jewish Sabbath." In England and in America the "Jewish Sabbath" is waning, and in America, as we are now often reminded, the "American Sabbath" is on the wane. A like fate is threatening both these institutions, and that they are thus subject to the same weakness suggests that there is a similarity in their nature. And that is really the secret of the situation. There is a "Jewish Sabbath,"Šnot the "Sabbath of the Lord," which is observed by many Christians, but an institution stamped with the Jewish imprintŠand there is an "American Sabbath;" and both are man-made institutions. Being man-made they are like all other things human, subject to decay and final ruin. The same spirit of commercialism is making inroads upon each and threatening both with destruction. The "Sabbath of the Lord," however, is not man-made; and neither man nor any influence from the world can destroy it. That Sabbath will stand forever. The "Jewish Sabbath" is the Sabbath as the Jews observe it; the "American Sabbath" is the Sabbath as, Ameri-cans observe it; the "Sabbath of the Lord" is the Sab-bath as the Lord observed it and commanded it to be observed; and the difference between the first two and the last is the difference between man and God. The human will .fall to the ground; the divine will stand through all ages; and he who is wise will not join him-self to an institution that is sooner or later to go down in a wreck. Attitude of the Epworth League. BY J. C. BARTHOLF. JUDGING by the utterances of its leaders and the re-solutions adopted at the International Epworth League 'convention, held at Indianapolis, July 20-24,1899, it is both safe and true to assert that that organization is unqualifiedly committed to the un-American, unpatri-otic, and unscriptural doctrine of the union of church and state. In a lecture delivered by the eminent editor of the New York Christian Advocate, Rev. Dr. J. M. Buckley, the address began with these significant words:Š "In this country church and state are united. It is, therefore, most appropriate that under the flags a rep-resentative of the Federal Government should preside." Another speaker, addressing himself to the topic, "The Obligation of the Citizen to the Church," took occasion in his remarks to define his conception of the proper relation between state and church, thus:Š "Our first suggestion, is that the Christian Church has a recognized legal place among American institu-tions and is from that standpoint entitled to the sup-port of American citizens. Perhaps we occasionally need a fair statement of the relation of church and state in our country. The separation could not be absolute in a sense that would mean separation of the state from re-ligion. Our Government employs in its judiciaries and in inaugurating its officers the Christian oath. It ap-points from time to time days of thanksgiving, fasting and prayer. Congress and the army and navy have their regular chaplains paid by the Government. Church property, like school property, ig exempt from taxation. Decisions of the courts established beyond question that Christianity is an integral part of the law of our land. The citizen has another obligation to the church aside from his relation to his country. He is bound to sup-port it because of the benefits he and his kind personally receive from it." If this language is not sufficient to prove -that the Epworth League movement is thoroughly committed to the union of church and state, and that it looks to the civil power to enforce the dogmas and behests of the church, then the following resolution on the question of Sunday observance will certainly remove all doubts from every candid mind:Š "Whereas, the encroachments continually, made upon the Christian Sabbath by Sunday newspapers, Sun-day excursions, and Sunday baseball games, and kin-dred amusement demand unwearied vigilance by precept, example, and the enactment and the vigorous enforce-ment of laws on the Sabbath question, we shall continue to oppose the wanton desecration of the Sabbath day." From the followingresolution it is quite evident how Epworth Leaguers hope to aid in bringing about "the enactment and the vigorous enforcement of laws on the Sabbath question":Š "We cordially indorse the good citizenship move-ment and commend it to young people everywhere. We favor a federation with other young people's societies, both locally and nationally, through suitable executive committees for the promotion of Christian citizenship." Notwithstanding the general tendency, occasionally a speaker would give utterance to sound views, both from a scriptural and political standpoint, as to the re-lations that should obtain between the church and the state. A noteworthy illustration of this statement was afforded by the address of Rev. J. M. King, of Philadel-phia, who, among other things, said:Š "Let no political or ecclesiastical outcry from what-ever source, against religious instruction in the schools, be the means of banishing a high morality from the character of the teaching or from the qualifications of the teacher. The American idea is that the school shall be a civil educator to make good citizens, and good cit-izens must possess moral character. The schools will.  inevitably be a reflex of the noble, cultured, moral char-acters of the men and women in them as instructors. Banish absolutely all sectarianism from the manage-ment and teaching of these public schools, and all evi- 