44 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ill-tendency, is a dangerous fallacy, which at once destroys all religious liberty; because, he being, of course, judge of that tendency, will make his opinions the rule of judgment, and approve or condemn the sentiments of others only as they shall square with or differ from his own; that it is time enough, for the right-ful purposes of Civil Government, for its officers to interfere when principles break out into overt acts against peace and good order; and, finally, that Truth is great, and will prevail if left to herself; that she is the proper and suffi-cient antagonist to error, and has nothing to fear from the conflict, unless by human inter-position disarmed of her natural weaponsŠfree argument and debateŠerrors ceasing to be dangerous when it is permitted freely to con-tradict them: "Be it therefore enacted by the General As-sembly, that no man shall be compelled to frequent or support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever; nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burdened in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suffer on account of his religious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion, and that the same shall in nowise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities. "And though we well know that this Assem: bly, elected by the people for the ordinary pur-poses of legislation only, have no power to restrain the acts of succeeding Assemblies, con-stituted with powers equal to our own, and that therefore to declare this act irrevocable would be of no effect in law; yet we are free to declare, that the rights hereby asserted are of the natural right of mankind, and that if any act shall be hereafter passed to repeal the pres-ent, or narrow its operation, such act will be an infringement of natural right." Personality of the State. Pun fundamental proposition upon which the whole National Reform structure is built, is that "the nation is a moral person." If this proposition will not hold good in the sense in which they use it, their whole scheme is a fal-lacy. That it will not hold good is certain. Their idea of the State as a moral person will not allow that it is the whole people, but that it is a mysterious, imaginary something which stands separate and distinct from the people which compose it. Their concept of a State is that it is formed of all the people, yet that it is not all the people, but a distinct entity, having a personality all its own; and this personality that springs in some way from the whole peo-ple, is a person in the eyes of men just as dis-tinct as is General Sherman or Mr. Blaine. As therefore General Sherman, or Mr. Blaine, or any and every other person, is a moral person, is responsible to God, and must acknowledge that responsibility, so this other individual, which springs in part from each individual, bb-ing a person as real, as distinct, in the eyes of men as is any one of the people, is a moral per-son, is responsible to God, and must acknowl-edge that responsibility. As -it is the duty of General Sherman, or Mr. Blaine, or any other person, to have a religion, and to exercise him- self about religious affairs, so this person called the State or the nation must have a religion, and must exercise itself about religious affairs. With this very important difference, however, that, whereas General Sherman, Mr. Blaine, John Smith, James Robinson, Thomas Brown, John Doe, and Richard Roe, having each his own religion, must exercise himself in that re-ligion without interfering with the exercise of anybody else's religion; this other individual must not only have a religion of its own, and exercise itself with that religion, but it must exercise itself about everybody else's religion, and must see to it especially that the religion of everybody else is the same as its own. A State, as pictured by Prof. J. R. W. Sloane, D. D., in the Cincinnati Convention, is as fol-lows:Š " What is the State? . . . Its true figure is that of a colossal man, his consciousness the resultant of the consciousness of the millions that compose this gigantic entity, this body cor-porate, his power their power, his will their will, his purpose their purpose, his goal the end to which they are moving; a being created in the sphere of moral law, and therefore both moral and accountable." But that is not all; they even go so far as to give it a soul! In this same speech Professor Sloane said: The State has no soul ' is the dictum of an atheistic political-  theory. On the contrary we say, with the famous French priest, Pere Hya-cinth, What I admire most in the State is its soul. '" Well, if the State be, as he also said, " a per-sonality as distinct in the eyes of men as Gen-eral Grant or Mr. Colfax," then we cannot won-der that it should have a soul. But what is the soul of the State? He tells us:Š " Moral principles are the soul of a nation; these are the informing spirit that mould its various elements into a compact unity, and that bind them together with bands stronger than steel." Does Professor Sloane mean to say that " moral principles " composed the soul, and were the kind of a soul that " General Grant or Mr. Colfax" had? Are moral principles the soul of each of the millions of people that compose this " gigantic entity " ? If; as he says, the con-sciousness of this colossal man is " the resultant of the consciousness of the millions that com-pose him, his power their power, his will their will, his purpose their purpose, his goal their goal," then why is not his soul their soul ? If moral principles are his soul, and he is but the resultant of all the others, then what can their souls be but moral principles? Truly this is a new conception of the soul, which we commend to the consideration of psychologists and theo-logians. We confine ourselves to the political aspect of the question. The Doctor proceeds:Š A still more practical view of the subject is taken when we consider the moral obligations of a nation as such; like an individual, it is held bound in the judgment of mankind to the fulfillment of its obligations. Great Britain, France, and Italy owe enormous debts. The same is true of our own country. Shall the obligations of these debts be met? May the nation repudiate? If not, why not? Ł . Ł . Or does the law, 'Thou shalt not steal,' bind a nation as well as an individual? . . . Do we not apply to nations the same adjectives  expressing moral qualities, which we apply to men ? Has not Great Britain a national char-acter as well defined in the minds of men as her queen or Prime MinisterŠa character into which her physical character and resources scarcely enter, but which is determined by moral qualities? Is not the United States a personality as distinct in the eyes of men as General Grant or Mr. Colfax ?" Having thus established, as they suppose, their proposition that the State is a moral person, the fundamental principle of the whole National Reform movement is, as stated by themselves:Š "The nation being a moral person, must have a religion of its own, and exercise itself about religious affairs."ŠChristian Statesman, Feb. 28, 1884, p. 5. It is too often the case with a person who is eager to prove a particular proposition that he first resolves upon his conclusion, and then makes " a major of most comprehensive dimen-sions, and, having satisfied himself that it con- tains his conclusion, never troubles himself about what else it may contain;" and as soon as it is examined it is found to contain an in- finite number of conclusions, every one being a palpable absurdity. This is exactly the'logical position occupied by the advocates of this so- called National Reform. Take the statements which we have here quoted, and who cannot see that they apply with equal force to any con-ceivable association of human beings for a com-mon purpose? Let us here apply their argu- ment in a single case, and anybody can extend it to any number of similar cases. What is a railroad company? Its true figure is that of a colossal man, his consciousness the resultantof the consciousness of the stockholders of this gigantic entity, this body corporate; his power their power, his will their will, his purpose their purpose, his goal the end to which they are moving; a being created in the sphere of moral law, and therefore both moral and account-able. It is composed of moral beings subject to moral law, and is therefore morally accountable. A still more practical view of this subject is taken when we consider the moral obligations of a railroad company as such; like an individual it is held bound in the judgment of mankind to the fulfillment of its obligations. May the rail-road company repudiate? If not, why not? Or does the law, " Thou shalt not steal," bind a railroad company as well as an individual? Do we not apply to railroad companies the same adjectives expressing moral qualities which we apply to men ? Has not the Erie Railroad Com-pany a character as well defined in the minds of men as its president or its cashierŠa char-acter into which its physical character and re-sources scarcely enter, but which is determined by moral qualities ? Is not the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company a personality as dis-tinct in the eyes of men as is General Sheridan or Mr. Edmunds? " The railroad company has no soul " is the dictum of an atheistic political theory. On the contrary, we say, with the famous financial priest, James Fisk, Jr., what I admire most in the railroad company is its soul. Moral princi-ples are the soul of a railroad company. The denial of the moral character and accountabil-ity of the railroad company is of the nature of atheism; it is practically a denial of God's 