AMERICAN SENTINEL. 501 and although he has sought by many inventions to evade that responsibility, not one of them from the first in Eden to the last in America has availed a particle. Man is as responsible as ever. His responsibility is as inherent and as unalienable as are his rights. And He who spake the myriad worlds into existence and who hangs them upon nothing, He who fainteth not, neither is weary, guarantees to day to every human being the power to exercise the will and to stand for or against good or evil. He would send every angel out of heaven before he would allow one individual to be led from the path of rectitude against that individual's will. And never was it more true than now that to-day is the time to exercise the power of choice; The day is fast approaching when the destiny of every human being will be fixed; when the decree will go forth, "He that is un-just, let him be unjust still; . . . and he that is right-eous, let him be righteous still." If we are unjust to-day we shall be pronounced unjust tomorrow; if we are righteous to-day we shall be pronounced righteous to-morrow. The destiny of yesterday does not determine the actions of to-day, but the actions of to-day deter-mine the destiny of to-morrow. The crises of to-day are "God's stern winnowers;" the choices of to-day are mo-mentous though we may not know it "till the judgment hath passed by." The choices of to-day bind us for to-morrow._ Therefore, the great crisis of to-morrow, the greatest in the history of the human race, which fixes every man's destiny, and which rewards every man ac-cording to his works, is met by every individual to-day as he chooses between right and wrong. "The crisis presses on us; face to face with us it stands With solemn lips of question, like the Sphinx in Egypt's sands! This day we fashion destiny, our web of fate we spin; This day for all hereafter, choose we holiness or sin; Even now from starry Garizim, or Ebal's cloudy crown, We call the dews of blessing or the bolts of cursing down!" The inexorable logic of the events of iniquity is surely and swiftly hastening its culminating tragedy when those who have "done violence to the law," who have hidden themselves under falsehood and made lies their refuge, "shall be as though they had not been." In that day the fit will survive and the unfit will perish. In that day the kings of the earth, the great men, the rich men, the chief captains and the mighty men will count for little, for "the mighty man shall cry there bit-terly," and the haughtiness of the terrible shall be brought low, and the arrogancy of the proud shall cease. In that day the assembled intelligencies of the uni-verse will see and will be eternally satisfied that the law of self-asserting and self-exalting force is the law of death for earth and heaven, and they will give their eternal allegiance to the great truth that "the law of self renouncing love is the law of life for earth and heaven." "The righteous shall see it and rejoice, and all ini-quity shall stop her mouth." Sunday Laws of Southern States Compared with the National and State Constitutions. THE Constitution of the United States declares that "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualifica-tion to any office or public trust under the United States," and further, lays upon the national legislature this express prohibition from entrance into the domain of religion: "Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free ext-rcise thereof." In harmony with the spirit of the national Constitu-tion, the State constitutions contain guaranties of relig-ious freedom for the individual as a citizen of the State. We desire in this article to compare these constitutional guaranties as given in some of the Southern States with certain statutes upon the books of those States, under which the right of religious freedom has been invaded. Nowheie more strongly than in the Southern States is the sacred right of religious liberty upheld by the pro-visions of the fundamental law. The constitution of Georgia provides for individual freedom in religious belief and practise, in these words:Š "ART. I, SEC. 6. Perfect freedom of religious senti-ment shall be, and the same is hereby, secured, and no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in person or property, or prohibited from holding any public office or trust, on account of his religious opinion; but the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness or justify practises inconsistent with the peace or safety of the people." No statute of the State of Georgia therefore can be constitutional which molests any citizen in person or property on account of his religious belief, unless such belief should lead him to "acts of licentiousness," or to,  "practises inconsistent with the peace or safety of the people." The constitution of Mississippi guards the right of religious freedom by this provision:Š "ART. I, SEC. 23. No religious test as a qualification for office shall ever be required, and no preference shall ever be given by law to, any religious sect or mode of worship; but the free enjoyment of all religious senti-ments and the different modes of worship shall ever be held sacred: Provided, The rights hereby secured shall not be construed to justify acts of licentiousness injuri-ous to morals or dangerous to the peace and safety or the State." Any statute of the State of Mississippi by which one - sect or mode of worship is placed on an inequality with other sects and modes of worship in that State, is un-constitutional and void. The constitution of Alabama reiterates the principle-of the equality of mankind respecting natural rights, asserted in the Declaration of Independence, and main- 