AMERICAN SENTINEL. 533 rather beneficent in form, and the relations between masters and slaves are, as a general thing, most friendly.'" The:treaty of Spain with the Sultan of Sulu provided for the maintenance of the Sultan at a salary of $5,000 yearly, with polygamy and slavery as carried on by him; and nowithe United States, "as Spain's successor," has "become a party to" this treaty. The United States is bound by this which was included in the treaty with Spain, the same as by any other part of that treaty. The Government can repudiate this part of the treaty, but it will not be very consistent to do this, while constantly holding up the treaty as the justifica-tion of its claim to the possession of the islands. Spain never had any right in the islands, save such as the robber and the freebooter acquires to the owner-ship of the property he steals. This is one iniquity recognized and sanctioned by the treaty with Spain. And even had Spain once possessed any rights there, she had forfeited them by her merciless oppression of the people. This is another iniquity; so that the treaty with Spain was only a justification of Spanish iniquity, and the iniquity of maintaining polygamy and slavery in one of the islands is only on a par with the rest that the treaty embodies. Will the United States, then, unseat Congressman Roberts of Utah for polygamy, and maintain the Sultan of Sulu in polygamy at a salary of $5,000? Will it maintain slavery in Sulu against the express prohibition of the Constitution, that "neither slavery nor involun-tary servitude . . . shall exist within the United States or any place subject to their jurisdiction"? What right, anyway, bad the treaty makers to make a treaty which recognized slavery as a lawful thing in a territory that was to come by virtue of that treaty under the jurisdiction of the United States? A Spanish Arraignment of Rome in the Philippines. BY JOHN M'CARTHY. WHO has traveled Spanish South AmericaŠthe hot-bed of Catholicism,ŠMexico, Spain, Portugal, etc., and cannot see that those countries are at least one hundred years behind? It is true, that two or three countries in South America, Argentine Republic, Chile, and Uruguay, have of recent years burst the swaddling bands of Romanism, in the which they have been wrapped for the past three or four centuries, and have embraced the more liberal and advanced views of North America and progressive Europe, and what is the result? In the short space of ten years prosperity is manifest on every hand. Railways are laid connecting all the points of importance; shipping has increased 200 per cent.; public schools:have:augmented 500 per cent.; banksŠa sure  sign of successŠhave increased more than 800 per cent. Even the streets proclaim the change from Catholic despotism to civilized liberality. Streets which only ten years ago had pavements five feet higher than the unpaved traffic road, are now on a par with the finest streets of London, Paris, or New York. But let us take a view of a country which has never allowed Protestant missionaries the privilege of carry-ing the grand old ',gospel of Jesus; and see what is its condition: whether it is a credit to the Papacy's long dominion or no. Let us hear the tale, sad and mournful though it may be, from the lips of the Roman Catholic editor of del Neuvo Pais, published in Madrid, Spain. He begins thus:Š "Already the bandage has begun to gall which cov-ered the eyes of many Spaniards, and which hindered them from seeing the true character of the priests of the Philippine Islands. It is now well known that theyŠthe priestsŠwere the prime movers in the rebellion of the indigenous tribes against the rule of Spain; and also of the great calamities that have transpired there to thousands of noble-hearted Spaniards." Already many who formerly believed in the holiness and patriotism of the Roman Catholic communities, now see clearly how they have been deceived. But in-stead of permitting our pen to criticize them, we prefer to reproduce an article which appeared in the Ejercito Espanol, for two reasons: that it may appear unsecta-rian, and impartial, and also that it may represent the sentiments and ideas of the higher class of society. Thus says the Ejercito Espanol (Spanish Army):Š "A foreign telegram has revealed the fact that the Catholic religious orders in the Philippine Islands have sold all their goods and property to a banking syndicate established in Hong Kong. "This is sufficient to give the fatal blow to the un-happy history of our dominion in the Philippines. "That is, the good fathers who compose these relig-ious orders have known how to play one of those mystic and wretched games, in the exercise of which they are adepts; and thus to mock at the evils which are weighing upon the country which received and sheltered them. "There is no need of our approximating the China Sea to acquire the conviction that the said religious orders are not of Spanish origin; neither are they cos-mopolitan; they are simply Roman; projectors of their terrestrial goods against wind and tide. "Spain has been overflooded with religious enter-prizes, all realized in the last few years. Madrid, in particular, is enclosed in a chain of stately edifices, built as if to enchant, the which notwithstanding their being inhabited by authorized religious communities, sanc-tioned by the Spanish government; thinking that the governmental concession of such property is not of suf-ficient guarantee; they have registered these said properties, as belonging to individuals of foreignnation-ality; a snare, so anti-patriotic in nature, that we can-not understand how any government could ever consent to same. "It is sad to know how our misfortunes have to-day placed us at the mercy of the foreigner; but it is much 