OWN .r,17111 264- THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 33. NEW YORK, AUGUST 20, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by sonic friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. MR. CRAFTS says in his " Sabbath for Man " that " at first thought," Sunday laws " would seem to be religions laws." The Home Missionary suggests that " first impressions are usually correct." They certainly are in this instance. Ł Ł - EDUCATION alone makes men neither moral nor religious. The remedy is to be found in the family and in the denomina-tional school. Fathers and mothers, in the early years of childhood, must do the work of religious instruction and training. THE official order to close the Barge OfficeŠthe present landing place for im-migrants in this cityŠon Sundays, was received from Washington on the ipth Ł, inst and went into effect on the 16th. Ł Immigrants arriving too late to land on Saturday must now remain on shipboard - till Monday. " THE Russian Government," it is said, " now consents to allow Baron Hirsch and his committee to act as agents for the colonization of the Jews, conjointly with a committee for the same purpose formed in Russia." That is to say, since the Russian Government has robbed the Jews of all their possessions, and refuses to al-low them to live in Russia outside of prison walls, it graciously permits Baron Hirsch to assist them to leave the country. The Czar and his minions are, it is to be presumed, surprised at their own modera-tion! " THERE is war among the church mem-bers of Atlanta," says an Atlanta, Georgia, dispatch of the 10th inst., " because Mayor Hemphill allowed a gang of men to finish up some street work yesterday, which was necessary because the engine houses of the Fire Department were blockaded. Mr. Hemphill was elected Mayor by the influ-ence of the church element. These people were shocked when they saw the men at work, and more so when they saw the written permission which the foreman held. " The pastor of Trinity Church, of which the Mayor is an official, grew red in the face while denouncing the act, and, had resolutions of censure passed. The  most rampant, of the resolutions, how-ever, were those of the Walker Street Methodist Church which read : ' The action of Mayor Hemphill in granting permission to citizens of Atlanta under such circumstances to violate a State statute as well as. disgrace a law of the Church of which he is an official member, is inexcusable, unwarranted, and criminal before God and man.' " Mayor Hemphill says that under the same circumstances he would again grant the order." Freethought asks : " What does the Merced Express mean by saying, ' One day out of seven should be observed as a day of worship or recreation, according to the dictates of a person's own conscience, and that day should be Sunday ?' " It means this, that the Express doesn't care a cent what day is observed only so it is Sunday. Ł -4 Ł  IN answering questions at Chautauqua, the other day, on woman suffrage, Dr. Buckley, editor of the Christian Advocate of -this city, said The majority of the advocates of modern spirit-ualism are women. Nine out of ten mediums are women. The same is true concerning Christian science. In all the false religions of the world women are in the ascendancy. The biggest polit-ical mistake ever made in the world was the.  en-dorsement of a third or Prohibition party by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. The Mor-mons were the first to grant woman suffrage, for they knew that women would stand up for polyg-amy. There 's a great similarity between women and music. Both will help a circus, a cathedral, or an army. Women are always in sympathy with the prevailing spirit. Women mobbed John Wesley in Ireland, while others were willing to die for him. The Doctor might have added that wo-men are doing more than men to further. religious legislation in this country. REv. J. P. MILLS, District Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, has been lecturing in Iowa; at Des Moines he said that he was asking for a civil and not a religious Sabbath; and claimed that all Sabbath laws are civil because the courts have so decreed. The eighth annual report of the Kings County Sunday Observance Association urges upon individuals the duty of requir-ing public officials to execute the Sunday laws of the State for the protection of Sunday, not as a religious but a civil in-stitution. At the last annual conference of the National Reform Association in Washing-ton a resolution was publicly passed to expunge the expression " civil Sunday " from their vocabulary. It would natur-ally follow, of course, that the line of thought and argument for which that ex-pression stands must also go with it. It is evident that the American Sabbath Union, with its different branches, is still at variance with the mother association on this as a matter of policy, although their close affiliation proves that they  have no difference-  in principle. In this the National Reform Association, like its ancient prototype of the Old World, is certainly consistent. IN his address before the late Temper-ance Congress, Archbishop Ireland said :Š Make laws for the observance of SundayŠthe one day of the week which we have striven to hold sacred for God, one of the last vestiges of religion in the landŠand the saloon-keeper opens wide his doors and defies you. THE SENTINEL has no sympathy for the liquor traffic and no apology to make for the saloon-keeper. It does say, however, that prohibition to be effective must not be limited to one day in the week. Such limitation places prohibition upon a re-ligious basis; it honors a religious institu-tion more than it restricts a civil evil; but as is clearly indicated by the Archbishop's words the whole purpose of Sunday-closing laws is to enforce the observance of Sun-day as a religious institution. The Arch-bishop is not as careful to conceal the real motive underlying the demand for Sun-day laws as are his American Sabbath Union friends. Their purpose is to exalt Sunday more than it is to promote temperance and he is not afraid to let it be known. Whether the Archbishop is more candid or less wise than some other Sunday law advocates is not for us to decide; possibly he is both. ON Sunday, July 26, while a congrega-tion were worshiping in a country church near Osborne, Georgia, lightning struck the building and very seriously shocked a number of the congregation. If they had been playing baseball instead of worship-ing on Sunday, doubtless the editor of the Christian Statesman would-have been out by this time with a vociferous editorial, prefaced with bold type headlines, " A most striking visitation of Divine wrath on bold desecrators of the Sabbath day." We record these lines with the hope that they may come to mind when the ardent advocates for Sunday laws are tempted to write on such subjects. COTTAGE CITY, Dukes County, Massa-chusetts, is another summer resort that is suffering from the rigid enforcement of a Sunday law. The small dealers of the place complain bitterly, but the authorities are inexorable. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, " DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, thepreservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, S 1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 70c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Ss. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, pond area, New York. 