370 AMERICAN SENTINEL. That Southern Methodist Church Claim. THERE is a very bad odor arising from that Southern Methodist Church claim of $288,000 which Congress kindly disbursed from the pockets of the people a short time ago. The hope in the minds of the beneficiaries that the "incident was closed" when Congress had capitulated to their demands, was not to be realized. And while the case cannot be reopened by Congress, it can and will be reviewed by the general public in the light of facts which reflect anything but credit upon the Southern Methodist Church. It was represented by those through whom the claim was brought before Congress, that no claim agents or paid attorneys were concerned in the matter, but that the money would all go for religious and benevolent pur-poses under the management of the religious corporation to whom it would be paid. Of course, this would in no way have justified the appropriation, if it had been true. But it was represented to be true when in fact it was ut terly false. A telegram from Messrs. Barbee and Smith, managers of the Methodist Book Concern in Nashville from which the claim for damages proceeded, was read during the discussion in Congress, stating that no actor_ ney or claim agent was financially interested in it. The truth is that no less than thirty-five per cent of the whole sum, or $100,800, went as a fee to the agent through whose efforts the claim was successfully engineered through the National Legislature. This was the largest fee, and there were other smaller ones. The New York Journal, of June 10, gives these details:Š "The claim passed Congress after a hard fight. The principal argument in its favor was that the Methodist Church South would be the beneficiary, and the 'book agents' feature of it was always mentioned in small type. It turns out that the book agents were the principal ben-eficiaries, and that the lobbyists came next. "Colonel Stapleman, it is reported, divided with Colo_ nel Thomas, president of the Nashville Exposition. There were some smaller people in the deal, who are called `holders of a five congressional flush' in lobby parlanceŠwho received several thousand dollars each. One of them paid off an $800 hotel bill of two years' standing. The money is out of the treasury, however, and no investiga-tion can put it back." And this was sanctioned by the Conference of the Southern Methodist Church, recently held at Baltimore. A minority of the conference, to their credit, wanted the whole transaction disavowed and the money returned to the Government; but the majority were not of this mind. Probably no more effective comment upon the char-acter of this transaction could be offered than the follow-ing from a Methodist lady of the South, Mrs. W. H. Fel-ton, of Cartersville, Ga. In a letter to the Atlanta Jour-nal, this lady says:Š "I have read very carefully the debate that took place on March 8, at the time when Messrs. Barbee & Smith  exploited that telegram of positive denial. The Method-ist Church was put on her knees before Congress, begging-for money to keep her w iirn-out preachers and their-widows out of the county poorhouse. That beggar role was worked for all it was worth. And now, when I find' out that the claim agent was pumping up tears for that supposed class of our citizens, meanwhile holding a conŁ tract that he should get more than one dollar every time-he pumped up three out of the strong-box of the nation, I feel as if tlfe great Southern Methodist Church has been-dragged through the mire and filth of humiliation and falsehood to very little purpose. I am ashamed that so-much was done to humiliate, and I loathe the falsehood that made their success possible. I have no dispositions to discuss the claim agent, nor do I care whether he got his pay out of the mission fund, the school-book fund, or whether the 35 per cent was delivered at the very counter at which Messrs. Barbee & Smith cashed that check on the-United States Treasury for $288,000. "But I do care that I, in common with the rank and file of Southern Methodists, are now placed before the-United States Senate in the Łattitude of swindlers, be-cause the avowal was decided and complete that noŁ money would be paid to claim agents, attorneys, orŁ lobbyists, for pushing that war claim on the present Con-gress. "I do not blame Messrs. Barb( e & Smith for theirŁ official part in this matter. Doubtless they obeyed theirŁ  superiors in officeŠhowever much I may condemn their individual weakness in doing evil that supposed profit might followŠbut I do not hesitate to say that the gen-eral conference, in failing to rectify the mistakes of these-persons, has placed the entire responsibility upon theŁ body itself. It is now their act. Their agents, Messrs. Barbee and Smith, have been protected, and the odium of that false telegram lies at the door of the only legisla-tive organization of the Methodist Church. . . . "It will be some time before the stain of such a false-hood will be eradicated from the official pages of our church and our national reputation. The time to remedy-the evil has surely passed, because that lying telegram has been assumed and condoned by the general confer-ence at Baltimore. If protests were privately made, the edict prevailedŠ'Division and silence!' "I fancy that august body in session, with the odor of that Barbee-Smith telegram in their nostrils, with saintly attitude and pious ejaculations, as the claim agent raked in the 35 per cent. Alas! Alas!! "If those senators who heard Senator Bate [Pasco} read it could have attended some of their discussions as to where the remainder could be placed, to make most noise, either in China or Nashville, they would have wondered where were the starving old preachers and agonized widows who figured before the Senate after the fashion of Cuban half-breed reconcentrados when jingoism was in the political saddle some two months ago. What a spectacle for men and angels! "And what a game for preachers to play at! Actually-raiding the United States treasury by the art and tricks of claim agents (the new name for lobbyists) to rob the taxpayers! Ł`And Messrs. Barbee & Smith are to get $500 each annually for being so sharp in politics! Thirty-five per cent. to the claim agent, $1,000 per annum to these sharpers in canonicals, $50,000 for a similar book con-cern plant in China (and as much to some other schemes 